Who are the Shakers? Historically and derivatively considered, the Shakers have their rise from the French prophets, a class of Divinely inspired dissenters from the Catholic and Protestant church of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, as the legitimate fruit of the Reformation. They were religious revivalists of a very remarkable character, called fanatics, and are to be prominent^ numbered among the few witnesses of the true Christ church during the gloomy reign of Antichrist. In future pages of our paper a more full history of them may be properly given. Their testimony, in substance, was ' The end of the world' in all followers of Christ; and they were the harbingers to declare the near approach of the kingdom of God; the establishment of new heavens and a new earth; the kingdom of the Messiah ; the marriage of the Lamb ; the first I resurrection from, the dead; the planting of the New Jerusalem. About 1706, some of these spiritual new lights and prophets went from France to England. About 1747, a small number of these witnesses, in the neighborhood of Manchester, England, were led, by Divine, spirit influence, to form themselves into a society for mu- tual support, physically and spiritually, under the ministration of James and Jane Wardly; and the first pioneers of the Shaker Church were distinguished members of this Society, among whom Ann Lee became the acknowledged, divinely inspired leader, and a spiritual mother, and the Eldress of this infant Church. The name of this Church, 'Shakers,' was given them in derision, by the world, as descriptive of the religious exercises of body by which the members of this Church were affected during the seasons of their devotion to God, as the fruit of that spiritual baptism, under the influence of which they were bearing a testimony of God's truth, which was shaking the foundations of Antichrist's kingdom. So that the title, ' Shakers,' though given in derision and persecution, was appropriate, and as providentially applied as was the title, ' King of the Jews,' given to Jesus by the persecuting Jews. Ann Lee became the acknowledged Eldress of the Shaker Church in the year 1770, while in England, so that it now has survived a century. A more extended history of the Shakers' rise and progress to the present day, may, perhaps, appropriately form the subject of future notices in our periodical. What are the Shakers? As national citizens, they are observers of the counsel of Paul, and recognize civil magistrates as powers of God, for the government of worldly citizens; hence, Shakers are law-observing and law-abiding. As politicians they are nondescripts, and, in fact, not to be found; they are, truly, non-essentials! As socialists, or, relative to society arrangements, they are Christian Communists ; the property of a Community is common to all, and each, of the members forming that Community, but not common to all the communities belonging to the household of faith in the same town, county, State, or country, except in a moral, charitable and religious sense, in which sense all property dedicated to the Com THE SHAKER. munity is consecrated to one general end and purpose—i. e., the support of the Gospel, and to religious and charitable purposes; and, in this sense, is common to all the members of the household of faith, so that for these sacred purposes all the communities are taxed according to their several abilities. In reference to national, political economy, as applicable to the disposal of public lands, they are agrarian in principle; at least largely so. Religiously considered, the Shakers are Revolutionists, Reformers, Comeouters, Revivalists, Newlights, Second Adventists, and Spiritualists, in meaning, strictly con- formable to the instructions of Jesus Christ. They are Ascetics, but only in a limited sense; they are Christian Celibates, but not of the monastic order and character, as the sexes dwell and associatetogether ; they are not Sectarians, but simply Christians ; they are lovers, and free, but not 'free lovers ' in the sense of that term as applied to a class of misled, modern Spiritualists; they are not lovers as cdrnal men and women, but only as disciples of Jesus and John; they are free, but not to lust or love as carnal men and women, but free from the bondage of sin and a worldly life, and from the shackles of theology and priestcraft; they are Spiritualists par excellence, but only in a Christian light, that, to be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace ;—believe in continuous revelations from God to man, mediatorily; they are Bible believers after the following manner : 1st. That it is the most important compilation of books known to man. 2d. That it contains (not the word of God), but a record of the Word op God in the Law of Moses, and in the testimony of Jesus and the primitive Christians. The Word of God is a living power. In the words of the apostle, 'Sharp, powerful, piercing, to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, the joint and the marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of heart.' The Bible record is not this power! The Shakers accept Jesus after he was baptized with the Christ, as the first born son of God, the elder brother of a large family of sons and daughters of God, constituting the Christian Church of the New and Spiritual Creation of God ; they do not believe Jesus was a God, but is our guide and life exempler; believe him to be the Saviour of men par excellence; but only the Elder of a large class of 'Saviours' that 'shall come up on Mount Zion ' to 'judge the Mount of Esau, and the kingdom shall be the Lord's.' Obadiah, 21st. This kingdom is Christ's Church of the latter day, the New Creation of God.