Re-organization without Disintegration Church — State. What God hath put asunder, let not man join together again. There is in the country a Sectarian movement of some extent, to put into t e United States constitution the theological terras, God and Christ. The Shakers are the only body of religious people who at this present time could not exist within, and find protection under the laws, of every civilized nation. They alone can make their community homes only in and under the protection of a nonsectarian republic, a separate church and state government. The Shakers pray for these unhappy agitators: 0, heavenly Father and Mother —God, ' forgive them, for they know not what they do.' And to our fellow American citizens, without exception, we do most solemnly appeal to prevent the consummation of this misconceived, mischievous project. Let well enough alone. Who, more than the Shakers, believe in the whole of the God-head—a Duality ? Yet, above all other, we would raise our voices in thunder-tones, to be heard by the souls of the revolutionary fathers, who are marching on before us in the spirit-land, against this worse than Trojan horse being introduced into our civil government. All God-believers and Christ-proclaimers may well pause in serious contemplation of the wonderful fact in our national history, that while Pagans, Jews, Catholics, Protestants, Deists, Pantheists, Freethinkers, Atheists, Materialists, all united in achieving our national independence, it is to the skeptical classes that we are largely indebted for the religious and civil liberty which we enjoy. Jefferson, the inditer of the Declaration, that all men are equal by nature, irrespective of color or creed; no one having the right to coerce another in matters of mental speculation or theological belief, was but a fair type of the whole class of republican organizers, having Franklin and Thomas Paine, the Deists, as his bosom friends. If a kind Providence thought fit, in its wisdom, to employ these skeptical powers —Horns, which had grown out of the beast, Christendom—to found a civil government on the basis of universal freedom, having an entire separation from its parallel religious organization, the Shaker Church, that ignores wars as the basis of religious persecution, would it not be the most presumptuous impiety in theological and religious people again to join together by an organic change of the national compact, things which God had thus significantly put asunder? F. W. E.