Christian Distinction—No. 1 cc Brethren, be joint imitators of me, and observe those who conduct themselves as ye have us for an example; for many so conduct, of whom I have told you often, and now tell you even with tears, that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ; whose end is destruction, whose God is sensuality, whose glory is in their shame, and whose mind is devoted to earthly things. For our citizenship is in the heavens, from which we also are expecting the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall transform the body of our humiliation, so as to be conformable to the body of his glory, according to the energy by which he can subject all things to himself.' Phil. iii. 17-21. (Original.) These words of the apostle inform us, that connected with the Church of Christ in his da}', were many whose lives were not in accordance with the profession they made, and he considered it necessary to caution those to whom he wrote, against their pernicious example. They were mere sensualists, devoted to the pleasures of the appetites and the passions, and their thoughts engrossed with earthly things. In opposition to such, the apostle exhorted the Philippians to be imitators as one body of him and of those who lived like him. 'For,' said he, 'our citizenship or community is in the heavens, or heavenly world, from which we are looking for the Saviour who shall transform us—the body of Christ, the Church of the faithful, who are now bearing the cross and enduring the various afflictions incident to this state of humiliation—so completely in spirit and in character, that we shall be fitted for intimate and personal association with those who .constitute the church in glory, with whom our names are already enrolled.' This, then, is the essential distinction between the genuine followers of Christ, and those who merely adhere to his church without possessing its real life; the former, instead of hating the cross of Christ, cherish it as the means by which they retain an intimate relation to the body of Christ, so that his very life and spirit circulate through them as the life of the tree circulates through e\ery branch; the latter are hostile to this cross, because it interferes with their sensual enjoyments ; its design being as the word implies, to crucify their sensuality, to destroy their very life; not indeed for any real harm to the person, but that the life of Christ, which is the essential life of heaven, and is the opposite of all sensuality, may be substituted for that. They are enemies of the cross, because they are idolaters; and like almost all idolaters, their god is self. Self they worship daily with as much fidelity, as the most zealous devotee who burns incense to his idol ! The class of persons to whom the apostle alludes, may not have been addicted to all kinds of sensuality, yet it is evident they must have been to some of its worst forms, for ' their glory was in their shame.' They had commenced to follow Christ, perhaps had run well for a season, but from some cause had ceased to bear the cross which was severe against their sensual inclinations, and preferred to be borne down on the current of pleasure, rather than to stem it, so that they became, finally, the enemies of that which was intended for their salvation. The end of this, as the apostle saw, would be their ruin, hence his tears on their account. The forms of sensualism are various, and are vastly different in degree, according to the length of time and intensity with which one gives himself to them. But what is sensualism ? Is it the mere fact of deriving enjoyment through the senses ? That certainly cannot be, for such is the very constitution of man, that the legitimate exercise of the senses is invariably attended with pleasure, and pain is the result of their perverted action. To the eye that dwells upon the various objects of external nature, the mountain and the valley; the ocean, the lake and the river ; the forest clad in its summer dress; the prairie with its vast variety of flowers; the cultivated field with its accompaniment of flocks, herds and dwellings, are a source of exhaustless charm. These enjoyments are in themselves pure as the breath of heaven. So the ear is delighted with sweet sounds that greet it from every side, and the taste with agreeable flavors; and God intended these should be. But the eye may look upon forbidden objects; the ear may listen to sounds that pervert the passions ; the taste may be intoxicated with the excess of delights; and their entire action may become perverted, instead of being normal, or in accordance with the highest physical, mental and moral welfare of the individual. When this is the case the life of the person is mere sensualism. The legitimate exercise of the senses tends to give a healthy tone to the body, sound action to the mental faculties, and a harmonious growth and development to the moral powers; but their perverse action tends to the very reverse of this. In the body, disease is engendered; the mental faculties are confused, and consequently irregular and uncertain in their action; and the moral powers exhibit an insane condition, just in proportion as the senses have become perverted by abuse. With reason, then, may it be said, the end of the sensualist is destruction. Sensualism is a mighty torrent—a flood that sweeps all before it that is really valuable to man. No matter what may be his natural endowments. He may have a physical form that rivals in beauty and majesty that of Apollo; his intellectual endowments may be of the first order; he may have the ability to move multitudes by his eloquence, and influence to action the minds of thousands by the splendor of his diction, and the moral beauty of his thoughts. There have been very many such. In the beginning of their career, they gave promise of a brilliant course through life, and a glorious termination. But oh, the disappointment of cherished hopes, and the despair of trusting hearts! The Apostle Paul is not the only one who has had to weep over the fall of those who had seemingly entered upon a course of usefulness and happiness, and promised so much to the cause of virtue. Thousands of others have wept for a similar cause. Many of the brightest intellects have been completely obscured, by drinking of the cup of sensual pleasure ; at first, sparing!}', but afterwards with the deepest draughts. Men, eminent in political life, and capable of directing the affairs of nations; men filling the desk of the religious teacher, endowed with the rarest gifts of persuasion; men in every condition of life, those occupying the highest places of trust, as well as those pursuing its more common courses—have been swept into the vortex of ruin. Men, too, of every age; those of mature years and large experience, and the youth animated with the freshness and vigor of life's spring-time and the expectation of great enjoyments in the future. I am forcibly reminded of the history of one, who had before him a most hopeful future, and brilliant career; a member of one of our New England colleges. As a scholar, he stood high in the estimation of his instructors, and easily surpassed in scholarship and general talent, all his competitors in the race for distinction. But he had tasted of the inebriating cup, and gradually the sensual gained the ascendancy over the mental. The force of talent enabled him to fill the first place of honor at the finishing up of his academical course, in spite even, of the bewitching and bewildering power of the wine cup; but after that, he went down, down, down,— ' his end was destruction.' Would that his were a solitary case among the young! but it is not so. The god of sensuality, whom many of them serve, rules them with a terrible power. It may be at first, they do not despise the cross of Christ—their heart and conscience may approve of it, though their lives are in contradiction to it. They respect virtue, and admit its inestimable value; but the seductive power of appetite prevails over their regard for the virtuous, and honor, truth and conscience are wrecked one by one. ' Their end is destruction.' 0 how many of the young are drawn by the enticing charm of sensuality into the vortex of ruin ! though they never suspected it was taking them thither, nor intended that it should. It presents itself to them, under various disguises, so that they seem not aware of its-true character. Now, it is the nerve-exciting and brain-bewildering drink; and now, it is the excitement of the licentious passion. But it always leads its victims downward to the pit of darkness and death. And what a destruction is theirs ! What ruin of high hopes and glorious promises! what worse than mere waste, what consumption of the physical powers, what desolation of heart and brain, are often beheld while yet life remains to the wretched ones ! What dreadful wreck of intellectual faculties, which were designed for the happiness and glory of the individual, and to contribute to the well-being of others! What wide-spread desolation among the moral powers, that should have allied him so closely to all that is holy ! Is it not destruction indeed, that those capable of attaining to so much that is pure and elevating in every possible sense, should have rendered themselves incapable of it, and have become cniy fit for the opposite? How delightful to the pure THE SHAKEE 13 heart and sound mind, is the thought of a Supreme Intelligence, possessed of every possible perfection; of the pure occupants of a world of beauty and grandeur, living together in love, peace and perpetual harmony—but characters directly the opposite of these, how dreadful to contemplate ! Yet of the latter, there are multitudes even, upon the earth, who have been led to their deplorable condition through their indulgence in a sensual life. This is a world clothed in beauty for man's sake; and had he lived, and did he still live in accordance with the highest laws of his being, it would be a world of perpetual charm to all, instead of being, as it frequently is to many, a prison, a dungeon, a pest house, physically and morally. The convictions of our reason confirm the opinion that this would be a world of happiness to us all, even though trials and sorrows might be necessary for our perfection, if we were all careful to maintain the eternal laws of rectitude. But now the wail of woe and despair ascends from many a heart that finds no rest. ' Their tears are their meat, day and night'— tears of anguish forced from them, because of violated law; and not those of gratitude for blessings daily received and enjoyed, nor those of satisfaction in the way of self-denial, or in the daily discharge of duties that are always attended with pleasure, however exacting of patience and perseverance, and the exercise of every faculty. These faculties lie in ruin; and in the abyss of misery where they are, they bewail their neglect of reproof, from friends and their own conscience. They ' have wor- shipped the beast,' sensuality. Instead of enduring the cross of Christ, and despising the shame, they have despised the cross, and are now enduring the shame and wretchednoss resulting from perverting the ways of life. W. H. B.