God's Spiritual House, or the Perfected Latter Day Temple The order of God's spiritual House (when perfected) will be beautifully glorious. We, Believers in Christ's second appearing claim, that the foundations of the latter day temple are laid; and, who will say that God was not there ? He (speaking in ancient times by one of his Prophets) said, ' Mine hand hath laid the foundations of the earth; and my right hand hath spanned the heavens: when I call, they stand up together.' The old heavens and earth are out of course. Man and woman were created iD honor; but they abode not in that honor. They were endowed with reasoning powers, and were placed as riders over inferior beings, and executives of those laws which God had established for the guidance and protection of all grades of animal and vegetable life, having less intelligence than themselves in the earthly order. Had they not inverted and perverted those laws, by corrupting the highest functions of their natures, and violated the trust committed to them on the earth plane, they would, unto this day, have remained lords, or just rulers— a central power— a governing wheel; all the rest of the machinery, as wheels within wheels, would have worked harmoniously, each in its proper sphere contributing to aid the central governing force—man and woman. They would have walked together keeping the commands of God, and 'the counsel of peace' would have been ' between them both.' This was God's original plan, that each—the male and female—should have their appropriate sphere of action, working in harmony, with one accord, for the good of each other, and for the accomplishment of one great end. Woman, it is said, was first tempted—first beguiled—and became a leader in the wrong direction; instead of being a connecting link between man and angels, she placed herself on the opposite side of the scale, and drew him down to the inferior; and herself became a servant to the instincts of her own nature, and a slave to the baser passions of man; and, instead of occupying a place in his counsels, according to the original plan, she became an appendage; her will subjugated to his will— not because of abstract right, but because of his might. Hence, he makes laws, and she is forced to obey them ; common justice is denied her because she is the weaker vessel. According to the laws which man frames, without the consent of woman (and by the usages of society) she is forced to work for half pay; and the little wealth which she accumulates by toiling weary hours when he can rest (by means of double pay which he receives for performing the same labor), she is taxed without representation on her part. This is her reward for being found on the wrong side ! But now, God hath again put forth his hand and laid the foundation of a new spiritual building; a new divine order, or heaven, is established upon a new temporal basis—community of goods, new earth. In this new heaven and earth which are being formed, in which righteousness and holiness shall bear rule according to God's will, not man's, the eternal, unchangeable laws of justice and right will prevail, and the male and female will stand in their proper place: ' and His right hand will span them both.' In this new order of things, woman must be purified and elevated : first, purified ! Then she will stand erect, according to the design of the Master-builder. Side by side, man and woman must walk and work, in all that is honest, pure, just and true, taking harmonious counsel together in all things pertaining to the present and future life. Woman is not man's equal in physical strength; neither, as a general rule, is she his equal in logic and the sterner qualities of the mind; but she possesses some properties which he does not; and combine the faculties of both, and when redeemed from the blight of sin, they will make one perfect whole, without schism, capable of honoring God, and beautifying the earth. It is for man's interest that woman should find and fill her proper sphere, and be something higher, purer, and better than a slave to man's passions, and to make a way for her to become a co-worker with him in elevating the race. How much her influence is needed in all ranks of society ! Let woman use her intelligence to find out her proper sphere of action, and in what consists her adorning, and she will soon cease to desire to be a mere thing of outward beauty, or an idol to be worshipped. Her strongest desire will be, to become a saving power; to send forth her influence to calm the raging passions of perverted nature, and rule the angry waves that roll. There is a great work to be accomplished by woman, on what we term the earthly (or generative) plane. She must work to roll back the the flood of sensuality—the giant sin of our time, which finds its wray into all ranks of society—is destroying the youth of our land by thousands, and is gnawing at the vitals of its subjects and bringing them to premature graves. Sensuality is the parent of war! By it, all other base passions are set in motion which ultimate in bloodshed and carnage, and fill the land with mourning and lamentation. It will devolve upon them (in a large measure) to correct the abuses of the marriage rela- tion in the order in which it properly belongs, and to strip off the cloak of sin which has covered it over, and point out its uses, and in trumpet tongues condemn its abuses. But those to whom the spirit has spoken, saying, ' Come up hither on the higher or resurrection plane, and live as do the Angels— live above the marriage order, even in its best estate ; have a high and important mission to perform.' A broad field is open, and there is much work to be done. In our own loved home we are solving a great problem : Whether it is possible for human beings, under a sense of duty and deep religious feeling—love to God and humanity — to come together under the same roof, from different nations, different religious sects and non-professors, and form a brotherhood and sisterhood, so unselfish, that we can toil together in harmony-—in honor preferring others; and to eat the bread of industry together (which is always sweet), THESBCA-KKR. 21 supporting one interest temporally, creating one joint treasury, as did the Apostles of Jesus. And, as the soul and body are so closely connected, while we learn to break our temporal bread together, so also do we learn to eat our spiritual food together at the Lord's table. Industry, Frugality and Temperance being our motto; Truth, Purity and Love the standard around which we gather. As we do not recognize high nor low, rich nor poor, in this new relation, so neither do we find the male and female, as in the old order. 'All are one in Christ, working together for the one universal good.' And, while we stand firmly upon the rock, Virgin Purity, and are as angels of purity and innocence to our brethren, our feet wTill never be displaced; in all our relations with them we shall be true helpmates, worthy the dignified name, of ' Sisters in Christ,' sharing the burdens of life with them, and have a place in their councils, and stand by them in the hour of trial — to light their pathway and make home cheerful and happy. We recognize the law of dependency running through all created things; the lesser leaning upon the greater — the weaker upon the stronger. Man is the lawful head, and is the representative of God in the male order, the Eternal Father, and will always have the supremacy. Woman, the representative of God in the female part of Deity, Mother, must act her part as co-worker, filling her sphere. There is no bondage in the law of dependency, even as there is no bondage in any of God's laws! for, without law, all would be chaos. But when all his laws are faithfully executed, there will a beautiful structure rise up from the ruins of disregarded and broken law, that will stand upon the mountain of pure truth, and overlook all the hills and valleys below, and it will be a 'house of prayer for all nations,' and unto it many people will gather. Antoinette