BIOGRAPHICAL. Teachings of Ann Lee Multitudes visited Mother Ann at her home, md made many inquiries. She was ever ready ind willing to give information when inquiries came fiom the honest seeker after truth. From the following remarks may be learned the answers she made to some of the questions \sked her; the questions are generally omitted as unnecessary. 1. Joseph Meacham, on meetng with her, asked : ' How is it, you being a woman, teach in the Church, and even claim ;o be the head of it ? ' 'The order of God in the natural creation, s a figure of the same in the Spiritual: As in nature, it requires a man and woman to produce children, the man being first, and the woman second in the government of the family; and the children must be subject to their parents, and the woman subject to her husband, who is first; and when the man is gone, the right of government belongs, not to the children, but to the woman; such is the case in the family of Christ.' 2. ' The Gospel is the greatest of treasures; be faithful unto it. Put your hands to work, and give your hearts to God. Beware of covetousness, which is the sin of witchcraft. If you have anything to spare, give it to the poor.' 3. 'Be faithful unto gospel duty; be neat and industrious; keep your family's clothes clean and decently repaired. See that your house is kept clean, and your food prepared in good order; that when the brethren come from their hard work, they may bless you, and eat their food with thankfulness, and be able to praise God in the beauty of holiness. Watch and be careful; don't speak harshly, nor cast reflections upon them; let your words be few and seasoned with grace.' 4. ' You must put away your covetousness, your lust and your filthiness, and be prepared for the increase of the Gospel. Remember the poor and need}'-; the widow and the fatherless; deal your bread to the hungry, and your clothes to the naked. Your natures will say, ' let them work for them;' but Christ sayeth not so. Remember the cries of those in need and in trouble, that when you are in trouble, God will hear your cries.' 5. ' Little children are innocent; and they should be kept so. If brought up in innocence and simplicity they will receive good as easily as evil. Do not blame them for every little fault; teach them obedience, let your word be law. Never speak to them in a passion; it will put devils into them. When I was a child, vaj mind was taken up with the things of God, so that I saw heavenly visions, instead of trifling with toys. Do all your work as though you had a thousand years to live; and as though you were going to die to-morrow.' 6. ' Once my feet walked in forbidden paths; my hands handled unclean things, and my eyes saw nothing of God aright. Now, my feet are in the narrow Avay; my eyes see, my ears hear, and my hands handle the word of God. You can never enter the kingdom of God with hard feeling towards any. God is love; and if you love God, you will love one another.'' 7. ' The work of God in this day is an inward, spiritual work. It is not so great in outward appearance as it was in past Dispensations ; therefore, souls must be very careful how they treat this Gospel. Such as finally reject the testimony thereof in this world, will not have another day equal to this; nor any, until an offer of the Gospel shall have been made to the entire race of Adam. The Gospel will increase; small at first, but will yet be embraced by hundreds and thousands. It will increase, until the covering is taken off, that now covers the rottenness of anti-christ's foundation; then, souls that are bound in sin will call to the rocks and the mountains to cover them.' 8. ' Those who obeyed the Gospel on Earth, taking up their cross as Jesus did, stand with him on Mount Zion; these are in the first resurrection; while those who wait to receive and obey the truth in their disembodied states, will not be so glorious, but constitute the second fruits.' 9. ' All souls will have an offer of this Gospel, either in this world or the world of spirits. You have your day now, prize it. By obedience you can progress out of your loss, and become over-comers as Jesus was; but souls in the world of spirits make their progress through sufferings, passing from prison to prison, until they find the mercj^ of God ! ' We purpose a continuation of Ann Lee's sayings; they may sound ancient; they may seem superstitious; but obedience to them has ever wrought greater purity of character, and created an appetite for works of righteousness—a progress from a little faith unto greater faithfulness.