What is Infidelity and Who Are Infidels. Growth is a law of soul, as really as of the corporeal frame, AU truth is, in its nature, adapted to progress. AU genuine revelations from God to man are conformable to this law. It follows that all religious creeds, that do not admit of continuous and eternal revelations of the purposes and will of God to man, are of human, instead of divine origin. It only re- quires researches into the plan of human progress in divine grace, set forth in the Christian Bible, to perceive the truth that God's requisitions and laws to man in one dispensation of His grace and truth to humanity, are superseded, or transcended, by succeeding dispensations of the revelation of His will to man. A primary necessity with correspondents, in order to be rightly understood, is a mutual acceptance of the meaning of words and phrases ; a want of this precaution has been the cause of fierce verbal contentions among those whose real faith and convictions—whose actual life conditions—were not dissimilar, except in a limited degree. Since the prefix in. negatives words to which it is applied, we are first to look for the signification of 'fidelity' and to its application to God, Christ, and Religion. As used in theology, fidelity means faithfulness to the testimonies of a Creed of religious faith. Hence, infidelity is unfaithfulness to such testimonies. Thus, since we have opposition of religious Creeds in what is called Christendom, in this sense, we might have Christian Infidels, as well as heathen Infidels. And, to illustrate: The Creed of Universalism is Infidel to the Creed of Episcopalianism, since the former teaches the eventual salvation of all mankind, while the latter teaches that only an elected few are to be saved, and the remainder are subjects of damnation! Equally Infidel to these two is the Christian faith 'par excellence,' taught by Jesus and his disciples : ' Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.' ' Whoso will, let him partake of the waters of life freely.' ' He that covereth his sins shall not prosper ; but he that confesseth and forsaketh them, shall find mercy.' That is, all who come to Christ, confess and forsake sin, will be saved ! But, as the creeds of all religions claim God as the ' Kock of Ages' on which to build their faith, so Infidelity, in a wider and more extended sense, refers to a disbelief in God. Yet, as there are ' Gods many, and Lords many,' and the character and attributes con stituting the Being which religious people call God, vary so widely in the Creedal faith of different denominations called Christian, that, the first subject to be decided in order to determine the question what constitutes an Infidel to the Christian's God, is to determine what are the true attributes and true character of the Christian's God. As God, the Creator of Heaven and Earth, and the illimitable Universe of Universes, is infinite in power and wisdom, so is God unknown to, and incomprehensible by man, except by revelation ; and the God, or the character of God, revealed to the human family of one era of the world's history, is widely different from that revealed in a subsequent age. And, further, the God revealed to one nation, or class of human beings, differs widely from the God revealed to another class of human beings in the same era of the world's history. Thus, one class of believers in God are infidel to another class of believers in God! But, this infidelity is easily seen to be simply relative infidelity ; that is, the creed of one class of believers in God is Infidel to the creed of another class, leaving the question still open, ' What is positive Infidelity to God ?' The lowest, most primitive idea of God known to man, is that of Fetichism, so called: God, as known to the Africans ; consisting of some vast object of wonder or power — as vast rocks, huge mountains, immense forests, boundless waters, etc. Their symbolical representations of gods, their idols, are in human form, because this form exists intuitively in the human mind as the highest manifestation of God's creative power. The first act of reason in man is to personify incomprehensibilities, so as to obtain a clear idea of such existing facts. The second idea of God, manifest to humanity in the ascending scale, was God as a vast, abstract, incomprehensible power, possessing all the prominent passions of man, and the cause of the same; or God, in the character of a vast Producer, Provider, Originator of all things, ministering to man's necessities, or pandering to his desires, good or evil. In this character man attempts to present God to the imagination of his fellow man, in any ¦ form embodying what he most needs or desires—as a rare plant, a strong element; as winds, waters, fire, etc. This era of the knowledge of God embraces the Grecian Mythologies. For the most part, God is now represented as a Positive or Generative power, or Being; and the idolatrous symbol was a Bull; an Orb — as the Sun, the Moon — Egypt's Osiris, which, with other Egyptian Idols, was meant to represent whatever acts upon passive matter, for the good of man; or, the active energy of life ! This character of God was also represented by the Grecians' Jupiter, the most powerful of the heathen gods, and the Origin of everything, good or evil — the Active Power. It was also represented by the Musselman's Allah, the Platonist's All Good, the Theist's Deity, and the Norman's Odin. The third idea, or first revelation of God, is religious — God as a liuler of mankind! yet, incomprehensible to man. This is the first character of God, designated by Moses to the Jews; that is, I. AM. A jealous, revengeful, passionate, repenting, changeful and fitful Sovereign, visiting the iniquities of the fathers upon the children to the fourth generation : giving the Jewish law to Moses. This idea of God might have been spontaneously suggested by the want of government in the human family upon earth. The fourth idea of God, or the second revelation of God, was made to Moses, and revealed God as a Parentage, under the Hebrew name of ' Jehovah,' literal!}'meaning 'He, She.' This name was so sacred to the Jews, that they only pronounced it in a whisper, evidently because the time had not yet arrived for the comprehension and declaration of the character of God as a dual Being, Male and Female. The fifth idea, or third revelation of God, is a Heavenly Father; a Being, but a spiritual Being; the Creator of all things, and dispenser of blessings to man ; the establisher of law, and obedience thereto was life; disobedience, death; a kind, loving, merciful Parent ; careful for the good of His creatures; in character the opposite of the Mosaic I Am. The law of the I Am God, as revealed to Moses, was that of revenge; ' An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth ;' ' Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed.' This God was in possession of the passions of humanity ! Joshua said: ' Our God is a jealous God.' The law of the Heavenly Father God, as revealed by Jesus Christ was : 'Do good to all, and good only .'' ' Ye have heard that it hath been said by them of old time,' said Jesus, ' thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy; but I say unto you, love your enemies; bless them that curse you; do good to them that despitefully use you and persecute you.' The sixth idea, or fourth revelation of God, is God as a Dual, Spiritual Parentage, Father and Mother God; kind, merciful, loving and forgiving; not only creating, but nursing, developing and happifying their creatures. Thus, it is clearly seen, that a human intelligence, who, in any of the former eras of these manifestations of God, had a revelation of God more full and true, in advance of the day in which he lived, would be considered Infidel to the God, or God Character, previously known. Also, the believer in the former character of God, would be infidel to him. It has been said, and we believe truly, that ' The God of the Jews was not the God of the Universe;' and, we might truly add, not the God of the Christians! This, to some understandings, may appear infidel; but, viewed in its true light, the kind of infidelity which is the fruit of a new, a true, and increasing revelation of the knowledge of God, is a virtue, and not an evil! It is not difficult to see that the character of God revealed to Moses, in the name of / AM, was different from that revealed in the name of Jehovah; neither is it difficult to perceive that the character of God revealed in the name of a Heavenly Father only, is different from that of God as a Heavenly Father and Mother. Hence, the actual truth, when fully revealed, is, that there is but one true God, consisting of Male and and Female constituents or principles, forming one complete Being, as God, A Heavenly Father and Mother, the primary source and Creator of all existences ; yet, this God, in this Character, has not been generally revealed to man; but God has been gradually revealed to man, and understood by man in different characters; and, in this light, ' The God of Moses was not the God of the Universe.' The God of the Universe, the Heavenly Father and Mother, God, was not fully revealed until THE SHAKER. the second coming of Christ, in the female. This is the dispensation of the revelation of God to man, wherein ' the mystery of God should be finished.'—Rev. x. Tth. Then, and not till then, was to be revealed the Mother in God, or, the Motherhood of God! She was hinted at by Moses, and alluded to by Jesus, but the time for the revelation was when Christ should make the second appearance, through ' One like unto the Son of Man.' Nothing is more like unto a Soil of Alan than a daughter of man ! And thus, as the Son Jesus, revealed the Father, God, so the daughter, Ann, 'the Word,' revealed the Mother, God ! Here it should be observed, lest the understanding be falsely impressed, that, aside from the clothing of the spiritual baptism, the Mediator of this revelation, the embodiment of this Sonship, is not an Oracle of God ; is not authority. Had Jesus, as a man, been infidel to the duties of his high calling, as the first-born Son of God, the Father would have rejected him, and called in another Medium in his stead, to reveal the Fatherhood of God. In like manner there is no absolute impor- tance, in the abstract, attachable to the person of Ann Lee, that she should become the firstborn daughter of God—the Oracle to reveal the Mother in God, and the Bridal help-meet of the ' Second Adam,' ' The Lord from Heaven,' ' a quickening Spirit.' Had She been infidel to her high calling into Christ's death and resurrection, another female would have been called who would be filial, and by her sufferings and obedience, reveal the Motherhood, the Duality of God, and of his Christ! Many Creeds of religion teach that Jesus is God; that the Holy Ghost is God, and that the Father alone is God ; but, wThence is this idea of God derived ? When we search for the divinely inspired Mediator between God and man, to find who was the chosen Oracle to reveal this character of God to man, we fail to find such an agency. It had no existence until near the close of the fifth century of the Christian Era ; hence, it was no revelation of God through Jesus Christ; but its birth seems to have originated in a Popish Council. Now, if Jesus Christ is the Oracular lawgiver, and divinely-anointed teacher of the Church of Christ on earth, and he never taught that Jesus is God, but did, habitually call himself ' the Son of Man,' as if to wisely forestall all legendary and mythological assumptions of his Divinity, is it not Infidelity to the Christian religion to declare that Jesus Christ is God ? His immediate disciples, the twelve Apostles, dared not do it; they declared him to be the Christ of God, after he had been clothed upon by the baptism of the Holy Ghost! In answer to the question which Jesus put to them, saying, ' Whom say ye that I am ?' Simon Peter answered, ' Thou art the Christ, the Son of the Living God .'' Jesus blessed him, and told him flesh and blood had not revealed it to him, but ' My Father which is in Heaven.' Again, where is the Oracle who was Divinely authorized to declare that the Holy Ghost is God ? We have no record of such an Oracle! The idea was not taught bj* Jesus, neither by his apostles, nor by the Primitive Christian Church. From all of the teachings and references of Jesus and his Apostles concerning the Holy Ghost, the only idea taught is, that the Holy Ghost was a godly spirit, which the fol- lowers of Christ should receive and be filled with, and be covered, by a baptism, once spoken of as a 'Witness for Christ;' ' The Comforter;' an Anointing resting on Jesus (see Acts x. 38), and on his disciples, as is manifest by multitudinous passages of Scripture. The Apostles spoke of the ' Holy Ghost' also, as a Servant or Messenger of God ! Paul speaks of the ' love of God shed in your hearts by the Holy Ghost.' Peter speaks of the 'Holy Ghost sent down from Heaven ;' but, no where, in Scripture, is the Holy Ghost called God ! No history, then, gives us any account of a revelation of God proclaiming to us the Holy Ghost as God ! but simply a ministering spirit ! The Holy Ghost, God, like unto the Jesus, God, had its birth in the Anti-Christian Church, after the falling away of the Primitive Christian Church ! It was a god-child of the Catholic Priesthood ; and, may it not be truly said, born of folly ? And, when the true God (Heavenly Father and Mother} is revealed to all humanity, will not a Triune God be considered by all humanity as Infidelity ? The Christian revelation of the true God will bear stating; bear canvassing; bear inves- tigation; and, God of Mercy be praised, that, however infidelic it may appear to some pro- fessors of the Christian faith, there are, at the present day, even in Rome, ' Prelates wiio do not believe that the Pope is the authoritative and infallible interpreter of God.' But freedom of belief, liberty of conscience, is infidel to Popery! And, in these days, Modern Italy, the Governor of the Catholic World, has become somewhat Infidel to Popery in the proportion of 40, 835, to 46. But, we are not to consider this question as Catholics, nor as Protestants, but as men and Christians! Descending from Infidelity to God, we are more particularly to inquire after Infidelity to Christianity; that is, the doctrines of Christ, and those opposed thereto; Infidelity to the Christian Church ! In reference to Christ's doctrines, as the standard for Christianity, we have the Gospel Testimony in a nutshell, the fulfilling of the law ! Jesus said, ' I came not to destroy the law (of Moses), but to fulfill it.' The great precept of the fulfillment of the law, is ' love to God and Man.' We then have the fruits of love: First, Purity; second, Peace; third, Mercy; fourth, God-like, or good fruits. Goodness embraces Charity and forgiveness; these all sum up in newness of life, in everything ! ' He that sat on the throne said, 'Behold, I make all things neAV.'' This was Jesus Christ. New Heavens, New Earth, a new man, a new woman, a new relation and association of the soxes, for a new, a heavenly purpose — to people the new Creation of God by regeneration (which is synonomous with the resurrection of the soul), not b}r genera- tion! For, said Jesus, 'My Kingdom is not of this world;' ' They that are counted worthy to obtain that world, the heavenly resurrection from the dead, neither marry, nor are given in marriage, but are (in this present time and world) as the Angels of God in Heaven.' Generation is the basic law of this world, and the Oracle for its perpetuity. Of genera- tion we have the selfishness of man; mine and thine. Of this is derived the impurities and lusts of humanity, both of the flesh and of the mind ! Of these lusts come ambition, fraud, strife, war and woe. ' Whence come wars and fightings ? come they not hence, even of your lusts that war in your members?'—James. Thus, then, an Angel life, a Celibate life of virgin purity, in thought, word and deed, is the Christ life ! The Christian chai acter is set forth by the Apostle as follows: First pure, then peaceable, full of mercy and good fruits; a life Christ lived out—not merely 6cUeved in; this is Christianity. Jesus said, 'Not e\'ery one that saith unto me Lord, Lord, shall enter into the Kingdom of Heaven, but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in Heaven ! This is fidelity to Christianity ! Hence, Infidelity to Christianity consists in merely believing in Christian precepts, and trusting in the merits of Jesus for Salvation; for, said Christ, 'Behold I come quickly, and my reward is with me to give to every one according as his works shall be.' Not to crown him iviih Salvation according to the righteousness of Jesus ; this is Infidelity to Christianity ! Judged then, by Jesus Christ, all are infidels to Christianity who trust in the merits of Jesus for Salvation, instead of living as Jesus lived!! Descending in our inquiries from the Christian's God and the Christian Testimony, to to the Christian Church, to inquire what is Infidelity and who are Infidels, we are first to consider, that a Heavenly Father and Mother, God, presumes a family; who are their children ? for no Being, not even God, can be a Father or Mother without children ! Hence, we have Sons and Daughters of God, constituting the Christian Church, the Kingdom of God. The Governmental Order of this Christ Church is theoretically Patriarchal, the Supreme Authority being the Heavenly Father and Mother, God ! The secondary, derivative, or mediatorial authority, Eider Brethren and Elder Sisters ! Jesus was the Elder Brother of Christ's Church — ' The first-born among many Brethren,' as set forth by Paul. Ann (the Shakers believe) was the first-born among many Sisters; if not, then a first-born Daughter is yet to come! But if the Son revealed the Father, should not the Daughter be the legitimate revelator of the Mother ? The Church of Christ, then, being constituted of a heavenly family of Brethren and Sisters, living in the innocent and dependent capacity of the Children of God (not of husbands and wives), in a pure, celibate, angelic state, as live the Angels of Heaven, and governed, in an immediate capacity, by the Heavenly Father and Mother, God, but in a Mediate Capacity, by the Older (Elder) Brethren and Sisters of the family, and practicing the THE SHAKEE life-teachings and examples of Jesus Christ, is the Christian Church! And, thus to live, is fidelity to the Church, 'par excellence .'' Then, may not Infidelity to the Church consist : First, in ignoring the Father and lUother, God, as the leading authority of the Christian Church, and substituting a Triune God, of three males, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, all equal in age—that is, the Son as old as his Father, and older than his Mother (Mary), yet, having two Mothers, the Holy Ghost Mother being the same age as her Son ? And secondly, as Mediatorial authority to lead this Church, substituting Popes and Cardinals, all of the male sex, as infallible vicegerents of this Trinitarian, Masculine God. And, thirdty, for the Church laity, instead of simple Brethren and Sisters, of grace, and of the regeneration, whose souls are resurrected from the death of sin and made immortal, substituting husbands and wives — men and women living in natural generation — who propose to be carnally resurrected, to continue to propagate an earthly, sensual race, to be forever mortal, only simply clothed by a frock of immortality. In a financial capacity, Fidelity to the Church of Christ on earth, is, for its Church members to have all things in common, as Brethren and Sisters of the Parents' household ! May not Infidelity be claiming personal and selfish property for their generated offspring, mine and thine—practicing wars and bloodshed by which to settle controversies, instead of loving and forgiving ? The language of Fidelity to the Christian Church is, ' Come unto me all ye that weary and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.' The language of Infidelity is: Believe or be damned, and be damned if you do believe, unless elected by God to be saved, let you be Sinner or Saint. Fidelity teaches election to Heaven ; Salvation to all souls, indiscriminately, who will confess and repent of all sin, whether in this world or in the next. Prospectively considered, Fidelity to Christ's Church consists in forsaking the world, for the purpose of living a holy life—that is, a life set apart for a godly use; coming unto Zion, Christ's Church, with a motive to build up the Cause of God in the earth; consecrating temporal substance, time, talents, and spirit to work for God, and work, too, with a will. Infidelity to Christ's Church prospectively, is to gather to the Church because of poverty, 'for the loaves and fishes,' because of inability through sickness, idleness or negligence to make a home in the world ; hence, ready to unite with any movement that promises ease plenty and individual freedom from earthly cares! Nay, these may not build the temple of the living God on earth! these may not reform society and 'make all things new.' These are Infidels to the Church! ! The problem of a new life for humanity and a new order of society, of heavenly type must be solved by those in possession of living faith, unflinching devotion, indomitable perseverance, and undying energy, and who consecrate their lives and treasures to God forever. G. B. Avery Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.