Plain Talks—No, 1 There is a deep, religious agitation at work in the hearts of the people. It is not mani- fested by bubbling, church revivals, that too commonly burst, and leave the individual the worse for its spirit-intoxication; but it is deeply, silently working; silently anxious for, and demanding more of soul-satisfaction. Church theologies are becoming stale, and the Divine life is looked for, yearned for, demanded. ' What shall I do to be saved ?' stirs the bosoms of thousands who cannot find satisfactory answers in their temples of worship. Popular preachers are learning that popular preaching may pamper the intellect, but does not feed the hungry soul; and that it is impossible to impart the love and life of Christ to their flocks, when they neither have that love, nor live that life. The crisis is coming. The Life-of-Christ testimony has taken issue with the death, and Calvary-blood theory! Life versus Death ! There is much soul-distress in the land ; this is the result of disobedience to heavenly light—' this is the condemnation.' God hears the earnest seeker after truth, and answers; but God's answer speaks of self-denial, of the physical cross ; of the higher life and the Angel character, and sweetly says, ' Come up hither ! ' and the representative soul responds, 'Lord! (for the present) excuse me.' God does excuse; the soul's trouble increases; it feels that it is excused from God's help, by refusing to obey God's will. 'Help, help!' cries the soul; 'Livk, Live ! ' cries the Spirit. And yet, how hard is the lesson, ' live unto God and die unto ever}r sinful practice ! ' Scores of individuals are writing us, predicting the coming of the Spirit of Christ the second time. Scores of periodicals are just issuing, declaring the same fact; to all of which we say, Amen. The Spirit of Christ has appeared once, through Jesus, and already to some the second time; and we learn from its testimony, to live apart from sexual and sensual lusts; we learn from it that the virgin character is alone countenanced in the heavens; we learn from it, that private property belongs to the earthly life—to the generative sphere, and has no part with Christ nor with Christians. It teaches us that war is devilish, and those who practice it, the servants of the devil! Plain, but true. The soul wants truth; it will be satisfied with nothing else. We have taken issue with the whole world of sin ; we have stripped off the mask that covers, with fine words and splendid appearances, with false philosophy and unchristian teaching, the distresses of the soul, that rob it of eternal life; and we accept the consequences. Theorise, twist with dexterous legerdemain the Scriptures; transform the real life of Jesus into what his teachings may have meant; we accept his life and love of goodness as our pattern and hope of Salvation, knowing full well, that as fast as the second Appearing manifests itself to souls, and its teachings are accepted, others will do likewise. We have large respect for the sincere; but we have no respect for those who sing the praise of Jesus, but hate him in their lives, knowing what they do. We cannot daub, with hopes of salvation, the carnal mind nor body, whose loves and practices are at enmity with Christ's life. Let us, before accepting any religious sympathy from our professedly Christian leaders, demand that they strictly follow the true leader—Christ; and were this rule generally adopted, we would see the sheep's-clothing thrown off extensively, and the hood-winks dropping from the eyes of the multitudes. Let us have Christ's life as a pattern—can we do better ? and what in our lives, does not harmonize with it, let us confess the same to be unchristian, and we, so far from being Christians. ' Open confession is good for the soul;' and to this point of decision is the present religious agitation bringing souls—to a self-examination. Many there are who have arrived at the conviction (in foro cons cienticz) that their lives have not been Christian; and rather than do the work, and live the life of a Christian, they have renounced the name—F. E. Abbott-like—and declare we are not, and will not be Christians. This is the more honorable course, rather than live and die in sin; exulting in all the practices, or even in some of them that are opposites to Christ's life, and yet hope to be saved from the penalties of sins we will not relinquish while it is in our power to engage in them. *