War between Freedom and Slavery FROM THE CHRISTIAN STANDARD. ' Those whom Christ makes free are free iudced.' Was Mother jinn the first Enfranchised Woman ? Taking a view from the highest earthly standard, she was truly the pioneer in the battle between Slavery and Freedom, as touching the human soul. She was divinely inspired, and illuminated by the light of truth. She broke the shackles which pinioned her to the affections of man on the earth plane; and by degrees arose, one fetter after another being severed, and falling, which gave new impetus to hope and freedom. With agony of spirit, so intense as to produce bloody perspiration, her mind being in- vulnerable, she persevered with invincible courage, praying to God day and night, until she triumphed. No wonder she was reduced to a skeleton, under such extreme travail for the birth of freedom. In this prepared condition, the Christ Spirit proffered aid, illuminating and extending the hand of sympathy, which endowed her with wisdom and power to break the heaviest and strongest shackle, causing it to fall powerless. Then she arose in queenly majesty; in royal grandeur! Beautiful; especially to those baptized with the Christ Spirit. No powers of Earth nor Hades shall forge those fetters again. The powers of Liberty and Truth triumphed. There was joy in the New Heavens, a grand celebration ! ' A woman compassed a man ! ' ' The wisdom of the wise was confounded ! ' This was the commencement of a new era, the beginning of the New Creation, the manifestation of the second Eve—coming forth, opening the graves of conventionalism, unloosing the mantle of creeds and dogmas, which bind both hands and feet. Thus untrammeled she was competent to compass man in every respect. She penetrated the dark recesses of the heart; no iniquity was hid from her searching eye. Man quailed and sank into insignificance before her penetrating spirit. Her love was equal to her justice. Merciful, divine; forgiving her enemies, their bitter and cruel persecution, their malignant slanders, scoffs and frowns. At length she reached the summit, where she stood emancipated, clad in her freedom suit elevated above every sensual appetite and passion—' having the light of the Sun in her countenance, the stars in her forehead, and the moon under her feet.' In this condition she could attract and lift mankind up to a higher standard, regenerated and emancipated. And shall not her followers, who are baptized by the Christ Spirit, M'ho are living the same life, reach this summit—have the same power to life up humanity, and set all captives i'rec ? Olive, Har.