BIOGRAPHICAL. Teachings of Ann Lee (Continued.) 10. 'Labor to feel the life of God in your souls; labor to make God's will your will; lot it be your inheritance, 3?our treasure, your daily occupation. Labor for the good of your souls, as though there were none on earth so needy of salvation as }*ourselves.' 11. 'In dealing with humanity, endeavor to understand their temperaments, and dea' with them according to their creation. Some will need the plainness and severity of the testimony to bring them to a true sense of their condition; others will be saved by mercy and charity; they cannot be saved in any other way. Who wins souls to Christ, must needs be wise; but some never will find salvation except by feeling the judgments of God ! ' 12. To one who remarked that 'he was ful of evil; ' Mother Ann replied: ' Not so; you are not full of evil, for there is room in you to receive good; the conviction you feel for your sins, is good.' 13. Some one sent Mother Ann a pair oi velvet shoes; she returned them with the remark: '¦ I choose to have my feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of Christ.' 14. ' Eat and drink with temperance. Le none abstain from food which they need; but let them not fail to serve God by the strength of their food. The wicked eat and drink and consume it upon their wicked desires. Ye must not do so; eat hearty and with thankfulless; then go and do the will of God.' 15. Some persons complaining that their bod did not satisfy their appetites, Mother Ann replied: 'Your bodies are not hungry; aut your souls are starving for the bread and waters of life. Confess and forsake your sins; lunger after righteousness, and you shall be filled to satisfaction.' 1G. 'Men and women can engage in the gratifications of their lustful appetites in this world; but if they do not learn to crucify the flesh, it will follow them into the world of spirits. Death does not destroy the passions, nor make them less powerful; souls in hell feel the strength of their lusts a thousand fold stronger than in this world; and finding no way to gratify them, their lust is their torment, and torments them according to the proportion of its rage. 'And further: they have to feel the wrath of God against that filthy nature; and this torments them, even worse than their lusts. The more people yield to gratify their sexual appetites, the stronger their passions grow, and the more their lusts will rise in hell against them; torment will take the place of their present pleasures. 'I see now, in vision, souls suffering hell enough to take natural life, for sins committed through generative lusts. They are bound in the prisons of suffering; and their torment could be no greater, if they were in a cauldron of molten lead.' 17. 'Souls who have had an offer of the gospel of Christ—to depart from sin and live a virgin life—but who reject the offer, will go into the world of spirits and wander in deep distress looking after God. I have seen some wandering, in despair of finding deliverance from the torments of their sins; weeping and wailing until, to appearance they had worn gutters in their cheeks! Flee, therefore, from the wrath to come, by sacrificing the causes of hell.' 18. 'You must forsake the marriage of the flesh, or you cannot be married to the Lamb, nor have any share in the resurrection of Christ.' 19. 'Some gifts of God are given to souls in perverted nature's darkness; not because they have repented, but to lead them into a repentance.' Some asked: ' What is repentance ? ' ' To leave off the commission of sin, is the only repentance God accepts,' said Mother Ann; 'and this no one can do, only by an honest and faithful confession of every sin that he has committed, to those who are already saved from the sins he would repent of.' 20. To some who kneeled before Mother Ann, asking her blessing, she said: 'Kneel not to me; kneel to God; I am only your fellow-servant. If I reprove you, remember, I also love you, and desire to bring your soul nearer to my soul, and nearer to the Spirit of God.' *