Christian Faith Faith, as usually defined, is the assent of the mind to a statement made, having reference either to the past or to the future. Christian faith almost invariably refers to the future, and denotes the certain conviction which one has of events that will transpire, or of the results of a given course of conduct. In the language of the Apostle, 'it is the foundation of things hoped for, the assurance of things not seen.' It is a principle of the same character as that which exists in the mind of the Divine Being. ' By faith, we understand, the ages have been arranged by the word of God, so that the things which are beheld have not come into existence from things apparent.' That the entire future is clear to the mind of Deity, so that he is certain what will be the moving panorama that, in the course of ages, will pass before the eyes of created beings. Though the events which occur in a regular order of sequence have not yet actually transpired, jet they exist as realities in the Divine Mind. ' God calls things that are not, as though they were.' The Christian, united to the Divine Being by his Spirit dwelling in him, possesses an unshaken confidence in the future; whatever may be the agitations of earth, either in its physical convulsions or moral revolutions, he has a firm persuasion that all things will eventuate in the greatest good to himself and others, and will evince the infinite wisdom of the Supreme Ruler. ' His hand the good man fastens on the skies, And bids earth roll, nor heeds the idle whirl.' Christian faith, as the term implies, must be the faith of Christ; not merely a belief in him, nor on him, but the faith of Christ, the very faith which he possessed. It is that which influenced him to a life of self-denial, by bearing a daily cross against every inclination that would lead the soul downward to find its gratification in the sensual life, and not up to the celestial; against every prompting of ambition that would have urged him to strive for the renown' of the warrior, of the earthly mon THESH-A-X^ER. 43 arch, or of the ecclesiastical dignitary; against whatever would have influenced him to exalt himself above the lowest of those whom it was his mission to elevate to a life of purity and righteousness. By his faith he was united to the Father, so that the future, which was all transparent to the Divine Mind, was laid open to himself in proportion to his capacity to comprehend it, and he was able to show to his disciples things yet to be. These early disciples, who ultimately became firmly established in the faith of Christ, the Apostle Paul exhorted Christians to take as examples of faith and patience: ' Whose faith follow, considering the aim of their life,—Jesus Christ THE SAME, YESTERDAY, TO-DAY, AND FOREVER.' He is the same in his intimate union with Infinite Love; in faith and hope; in meekness and humility; in unbounded kindness and charity; and in his aspirations for whatever is in its nature of the utmost purity and divinest beauty, both for himself and all God's children. Christian faith, therefore, is not simply an assent of the understanding to some truth presented to it, but an active principle operating throughout the entire existence of man, whether in this or the spirit world, and continually bringing him nearer to the All Good. It embraces not only an assurance of ultimate blessedness, but also the life of faith, which is its very essence—faith in active exercise, manifested in every-day conduct. It is the foundation of an edifice, laid indeed in the present, but whose superstructure is to be the work of the future. This foundation is laid in God; it therefore partakes of the stability of the Eternal, and is a certain prophecy of the beauty and glory that will ultimately greet the eye of the beholder. This faith is not the self-confidence of the worldly-minded. It is not the assurance of a Napoleon that the star of his destiny, which had risen so brilliantly, should continue to shine more and more brightly till he had reached the zenith of worldly power and glory. The throne which he had established by so great efforts, and that he fondly hoped would remain as a permanent seat for many generations of his posterity, was suddenly broken. It lacked the element of durability possessed by that which the Psalmist beheld in prospect when, viewing Christ's final tri- umph and glory, he exclaimed,—' God is thy throne for the age of ages ! ' One may learn a valuable lesson respecting the instability of earthly hopes and confidences in reading the biography of Sir Walter Scott. He was a man of wonderful, intellectual abilities, who stood on the very summit of literary eminence in his dajr; was remarkable for his social and amiable qualities, and of decidedly aristocratic tastes and aspirations. As a consequence of these tastes, he was anxious to be the founder of a family with a name and fame above the many. The great wealth which he acquired by his literary efforts was employed in gratify- ing this desire, and Abbotsford, the grand estate, with its beautiful and aristocratic man- sion, was established. But a crisis came in his financial affairs, which stripped him of his wealth, and the remaining days of the distin guished man of letters were spent in toilsome efforts to retrieve the disaster. Abbotsford passed into other, though kindred, hands, and no one is left to transmit to posterity the name which he so highly cherished. He was not of that class mentioned by the Apostle, who look for a city that has foundations whose builder and maker is God. The Christian's faith is always accompanied by a power which enables him to obey the law of divine love, and ultimately frees him from the tendency to transgression. In the language of the Apostle, 'it works by love, purifies the heart, and overcomes the world.' This indeed is what gives to it the certainty which distinguishes it from the mere assent of the understanding to a proposition. It is the Spirit of Truth, which Jesus assured his disciples should abide with them forever. It does not give to the soul its ' longing after immortality,' but assures it of its reality. It was this faith, with its accompanying power, that dwelt with so much fullness in Mother Ann. It was the sword of keenest edge that severed at a blow the knot that has troubled so many mere logicians. She needed no long- drawn argument to prove to her the existence of God and the immortality of the soul. She was athirst for the waters, and hungry for the bread of eternal life, and she sought to satisfy her spiritual wants just as she would those of the body. The words of Jesus, ' Labor for the food which endures to everlasting life,' were to her a divine oracle. She did labor. Her spiritual instincts led her at once to the true source from which all her wants could be supplied. Whatever could be effected by confession and repentance of sin, she did with a purpose. WThatever power was to be obtained by prayer, that she sought by earnest and continual supplication. The Divine Spirit wrought powerfully in her when she consented to yield to its saving influences. It taught her the renunciation of every desire that leads the soul to find its heaven among those who are dead to the experimental knowledge of the hig-her, spiritual and heavenly life. It inspired her with that earnestness and zeal which made effectual all her efforts to rise from the darkness of sin, and to attain that state where the sunlight of Divine Love should shine continually upon her. To accomplish this, she was willing and glad to forego every possible sensual gratification, being assured that what she sought to gain would be an infinite reward for every trial she should be called to endure. And she did gain it. By following Christ in the regeneration, denying herself in accordance with his requirements, she was made partaker of the same life which he possessed—eternal life. God, as manifested by unbounded love, gentleness, kindness, and enduring patience, dwelt in her. His peace was her peace, and his joy, her joy. So that it was with the utmost propriety that she replied to a sister who was expressing the ardent love she felt for her, 'You do not love me, but you love God in me.' Situations which to many minds would have been utter darkness, were to her all aglow with divine illumination. She beheld the future through a glorious medium, like that which enlightened Jesus on the Mount. What she gained, dwelt in her as a permanent treasure. As a fountain springing up to everlasting life, it overflowed continually for the benefit of others, and many, thirsting as she had thirsted, were eager to partake of its refreshing waters. There ever is, in the faith which is inwrought into the soul by the influences of the Divine Spirit, a certainty that is as satisfactory to its possessor as the demonstrations of the exact sciences. There is need of no complicated, metaphysical process to arrive at this assurance. It comes as the rain from heaven; as the sunlight to the plant, that asks not, ' how is it possible ?' but drinks in the light and the dew, and then grows on, and buds and blooms, and sends forth its fragrance, and displays its beauties to every beholder. 'Those that are planted in the house of the Lord shall flourish in the courts of our God; ' and this planting is the result of that faith which, the Apostle says, ' I will show you by my works '—in every day life. W. H. B.