BIOGRAPHICAL. Teachings of Ann Lee (Continued.^ 21. Eliab Harlow records Mother Ann as commenting on the indifference with which Americans involved themselves in debt: ' You will run in debt, not only bringing yourself into bondage, but your family; and then, you distress your creditors. Such evil management will ever be a spiritual loss to the soul, until the creditors are paid, and the soul repents of having become indebted.' 22. ' If I owned the whole world, I would turn it into joyfulness. I would not say to the poor : be ye warmed and be ye clothed, without giving them the wherewith to help them.' 23. 'Be diligent in business—hands to work and hearts to God. Godliness leads to industry. The devil is a tempter; but an idle person tempts the devil. When doing your duty in the love of God, the devil can have no power over you; there is no room for temptations.' 24. 'I have taught you the way of God; you must keep it. I am one, called to keep it with you; I must do my work, you must do yours; I can help you; so can the heavenly spirits, but they cannot do your work. You have a day and privilege which many others have desired, but did not obtain. If you take up your crosses against the lusts of the flesh, as Jesus did, while you have the ability to gratify these, you will be the brightest souls in heaven; there are glorious crowns prepared for all such; honor and glory that none can obtain, who live in the indulgences that are darkening, and death to the soul.' 25. 'Taking up the cross of Christ will be compulsory in the future world, brought about by sufferings; but those who voluntarily take up the cross now, and live as Christ lived, will be more glorious than the Angels—yea, as kings and priests unto God !' 26. ' The marriage of the flesh is a covenant with death, and an agreement with hell! the Christ life is eternal life; who would enjoy this, must forsake that.' 27. One day there came a poor man to Mother Ann, complaining of his brother, who was rich and able to help him, but would not. She replied: 'That is the way of the world; the rich are covetous and will not help the poor; and the poor, instead of crying to God, to soften the hearts of the rich, will envy and hate them ; therefore both are wicked.' 28. Of one of her disciples, Mother Ann asked : ' Do you believe I can forgive sins ?' 'I believe,' said Hannah Cogswell, 'that the spirit of Christ that is in you, can forgive my sins.' 'That is the right faith,' said Mother Ann. *