Editor of The Shaker: 'While numberless charges are being made against the Shakers, because of their depopula- tive life, I propose to own up to these charges, and include Jesus as one of our number who pleads guilty to the same. Speaking of the natural order, Jesus said: 'They twain shall be one flesh,' and only flesh; and his apostle says, 'nevertheless, if they marry, they will fight! ' (1 Cor. 7:28) and the relations of marriage furnish abundant corroboration to-day. The life of Christ puts an end to generations; whoso practices under the ordinance of marriage of the flesh, knows nothing of Christ's Spirit, and such would do well to look after their laurels as Jews; for they are not Christians, and if they are not Jews, then are they willing to own up to the charge of 'carnal Corinthians?' Man is a progressive being, capable of ascension above the culminating point of animal nature—a superior state into which he may enter while yet upon the earth—' thy will be done on earth, as 'tis in heaven.' Is this a romance? Man was made in the image of God; we propose, b)^ leaving the animal works of generation, living temperately in that which sustains life as Jesus did, to rise with him, above the image into a oneness xoith the Father. The mission of Jesus was to awaken us to a knowledge of our spiritual natures, apart, and superior to our earthly beings ; to our earthly, generative lives—and the spirit of Christ wars against every feature of the flesh; not merely brings it to temperance, but puts it to death ; and thus he run the world out in himself—'I have overcome (destroyed) the world.' Jesus was called ' the harvest man; ' what was he to reap, but human souls from earthly conditions, and present to them a spiritual life ? In man's haste to fulfill the great command, he does not stop to read of the work of subduing attached thereto; showing, that as a natural, earthly being, there should -be a check to the extravagant abuses of his animal desires. But is man 'fruitful?' We deny the assertion. We positively state that ' the unfruitful works of darkness' is the rule; and instead of fruit, worth}'of the handiwork of God, we witness a bundle of perversions, disease and death, that moans from the cradle to the grave ! If being 'fruitful' implies the works of the flesh according to perverted desires, regardless of moral law, setting at nought times and seasons, quantity and quality, then humanity stands acquitted—hold, we err in the remark—there are multitudes of professedly Christian people, according to John Todd, and ' Satan in Society,' who will not be fruitful in anything but spasmodic lusts—but, dear Editor, I do not mean to rob you of your 'Plain Talks.' Mankind generally claim the right to use the command of God for the peopling of the earth, for the most debasing indulgences—such as would cut the brutes off from the face of the earth ; and is fast ' running the world out! ' Why the dominion of man over woman ? I tell you, kind Editor, it is to crush in the bud, the voice that would speak in the Councils of the nation, deciding how far and how long woman shall be a common prostitute ! Whoever will keep the laws of nature strictly in his generations, will be more wonderstruck at his surroundings, and of the threatened 'end of the world,' than any now are at the lives the Shakers are living. Now, provided the Shakers took no higher ground than to operate as a balance to the populative principle, would this not be an exemplary improvement upon the embryotic murders ; the infantile deaths; inherited and acquired diseases; wars, or wholesale murders ; legions of suicidal practices, that spring from the unfruitful works, and which strew along the road allotted to life, myriads of human wrecks ? Bury the victim of self-murder at the cross-roads as of yore, and you would multiply Greenwoods and Auburns incalculably; and truthful tombstones would declare : ' Died under the age of twenty, a victim to the violation of physiological law! ' There is no extravagance in saying that the sins of our first parents, compared with those of to-day, are as ant-heaps to Andes! Let there be no misunderstanding: The Shakers are running the world out—the world of sin; and they are as a testimony of salt to the generating animals of the earthly order, predicting a running out of the world's inhabitants, numerically, if they continue in the unfruitful practices of the present day. Let him who is perfectly fullfilling the Mosaic injunctions in his generations, ask: 'What lack I yet?' and the answer will be returned from the Christ heavens:—' You have learned the song of Moses, now learn the divine life-song of the Lamb ! ' and the result will be, a flight upward, from earthly practices into Angelic livelihood; and there, a similar order of life is in vogue, that the Shakers are seen to practice. The natural man willingly gives up the earthly for the heavenly; the lusts of the animal, for the loves and joys of the heavenly host. The earth, losing its attraction for him, his aspirations and polarity will be toward heaven; and then, if he have any regrets, it will be that he did not put an end to the world, flesh and devil sooner, and ere then have lived, as well as professed the Chris- tian! E. Myrick