Life in God—No. 1 The foundation of all religion rests on the sublime truth, that man is the image of God; intellectually, the miniature of the Supreme Intelligence, and can only be happy in the Divine. To grow in the Divine Nature is his privilege; to become more and more perfect, by degrees, through time, to the endless ages of eternity! In this approximation to the Divine Attributes, consists his happiness; his heaven; his all: like a well-tuned musical instrument, he has to be attuned into the harmony of the great Prototype; and when the intonations are complete, man will be in possession of all the happiness designed, and of which he is capable. If man were not the image of the great Prototype, how could he be the recipient of any revelation, inspiration or teaching? How could he understand, and come to the knowledge of the Divine Will ? How could he be responsible to the great Tribune, without the consciousness of the Divine impress in his soul ? On this great truth, of man bting the image of God, rests the revelation of our Heavenly Father through the prophets, and lastly, through the great Prophet, Immanuel, the Holy Saviour, which, being interpreted, is, ' God with us.' When the Lord Jesus opened his mission, by preaching salvation from the evils in the world, his disciples became conscious of the Divine truth, having in their own souls a response. On this fact, of man being the miniature and offspring of God, the Saviour predicated the Judgment: the final justification, or condemnation, of those who heard his Gospel; for said he, ' This is the condemnation, that light has come into the world, and men choose darkness rather, because their deeds are evil.' They saw and comprehended the Divine truths necessary to their salvation; but on account of the cross, were not willing to accept and obey them. Being endowed with the capacity of understanding the Divine will and mission, man is therefore made responsible for his own happiness or misery; the final result resting on his 44: THE SHA.KEH. own choice; for he is left free to exercise his powers of volition, to choose the good and refuse the evil. On this fact, the Holy Saviour predicated his mission. He made no attempts to change the structure nor attributes of the human mind; but in all cases and conditions, to adapt his doctrines and teaching to the understanding of his hearers. And his call was, invariably, ' Whosoever will, let him come, and partake of the waters of life freely.' A privilege, no compulsion; free liberty to make the choice of the way of salvation, and the kingdom of heaven; or the dark labyrinths of condemnation, and the precincts of the damned! The strongest advocates for sulphur and the other concomitant combustibles, cannot possibly get half enough into their crucible to make a hell comparable to a guilty conscience, and self-abnegation from the enjoyments of the righteous in the kingdom of heaven; to whom the Lord of salvation will say, ' Ye goats to the left, and ye sheep to the right; ' a condition of volition and election ! Here we may pause aDd ask: 'Is it possible for any human being to bear the separation from his or her Heavenly Parents, and their good and faithful children?' Thoughts of everlasting separation, darkness and despair, are hardly endurable by a finite and dependent being. If man could change the intelligent god within him, and obliterate it from his soul, then he would be a fit companion, and there would be a place for him among the swine; but as long as he has the knowledge of Life in God, he must be with his Parents, or be forever miserable!! And now, once for all time, let us cease to teach Divine mysteries; the inscrutable ways of Divine Providence and his specialities in the salvation of his children; the fighting of the winds in the shape of imaginary demons; the groping in fogs of uncertainty of our creation and destination, and come out into the broad day of everlasting light, where creation can be seen and known: let us take the right way, calling on the bewildered and lost in darkness, to ' Come into the light, for we have found the way, and are on the road home! ' Response from the lost children: 'But we are doomed to everlasting fire and perdition!' Voice: 'Who told you so?' Response: '•' The holy catholic fathers, John Calvin and Martin Luther.' Voice; 'A false report, the Holy Saviour is here, and he says, you may come and welcome!! ' Response: 'All right, we will sooa be there! ! ' God the Eternal is positive; positive in his own nature and being; positive in his plans of creation. The universe of mind and matter, now in successful operation, attest his eterna efficiency! His agents, whom he employs must be like himself, ever active in carrying into execution the Divine missions, for the well-being of his creatures. It is the doing of positive good, for ourselves and others, which constitutes the good man or woman. Negatives in agency do nothing they are nothing in -human beings; and the man or woman, who expects a reward for being a passive recipient of heaven's gooc store, and the selfish withholding them from others, will hear the unwelcome sound, 'depart from me, for I never knew you.' The mission of the Holy Saviour was a life f continuous labor: 'My Father worketh, litherto, and I work.' Jesus said, 'it is more blessed to give than ,o receive;' in accordance, he went about ioing good; giving aid and comfort to his poor ellow-beings; in blessing others, he was the constant recipient of blessings from his Father; and the voice at his baptism, 'this is my beoved Son, in whom I am well pleased,' attested the Divine approbation and blessing! The very consciousness of having imparted ;o others the means of eternal life and comfort, s a blessing that enlarges the divinity within us. Recapitulation : Man, intellectually, the niniature of God; being thus constituted, it is mpossible for him to be happy only in the divine nature; a constant growth in time, and iirough the ages of eternity to constitute his leaven. God, in his revelations, has addressed man, through his rational faculties, making lim accountable for their use; and predicating lis happiness or misery, on the powers of volition. The false teaching of anti-christ can never change these Divine truths. Veritas