Testimony of John Whiteley ' I have a very decided opinion of the Shakers,' said a Boston editor : ' that they are no better than other people, and no worse !' Considering the above remark as indicative of 'whatever is, is right,' in one man's opinion, at least, I was led to make clear the difference between the Shakers and the world, as follows: Nothing but the spirit of Christ can elevate us above earthly conditions, wherein we are ' pretty much all alike.' Evidences of possession of Christ's spirit are given, only, in pure, unselfish lives. Riches, honors, place, power and literary attainments, may all be acquired without regard to purity or right; but the righteousness that creates newness of life, has its springs in complete denial of what 'other people ' delight to engage in. Seeking Christ, the Spirit led me to a Shaker Community; I here found Christ manifested in the lives of individuals, as I had never found elsewhere, though a professional 'Disciple of Christ' when I came. All that wore the garb, were not Shakers, but probationers—'being tried by the holy Spirit for acceptance or rejection,' as Emerson would state it. I have given the Shakers nearly a quarter of a century's trial; and during that time have been tried and crucified on the same cross that Jesus died to the world; and to-day find mj'self among the antipodes of 'other people,' and one of them. I see ' other people ' glorying in all that tends to build up pride, lust, war, private property and marriage, which are the very enemies of the Christ Spirit. The discipline of the Shakers has been good for me; for by it I am redeeming myself from following those fashions that lead ' other people ' in selfish, fleshly unions; seeking to save that life that can only live at the expense of life eternal. I live for others; 'not for myself alone,' nor for my natural kin alone; but am giving expression to that love for others, that requires the laying down of my carnal, generative life, and thus I enjoy Christ; and this is the only way to en joy the real Christ. ' The Shakers are no better than other people,' unless they actually bear more cros against sinful practices than do 'other people ;' or if the crosses they bear do not enlarge their sphere of doing good, and bring them en rapport with that life, which we in common with 'other people' believe the Angels now live. I bless good wherever and in whomsoever I see it. I love a temperate man; if he is not perfect, he is on the road, and therefore my relation. But a truly honest Shaker forms the most complete idea of what a follower of Christ should be; and to be one, is the daily effort of J. W.