Plain Talks—No, 4 Eternal Life. Shakerism is Christianity to us; and Christianity is eternal life. Jesus, as really enjoyed eternal life before his crucifixion, as afterwards. The same is the truth with his disciples, regardless in what age they live. Love may be a veritable mark of discipleship; but the grand feature of a Christian is the ever-present possession of eternal life! death they never will experience. ' If any one will keep my sayings, he never shall see death.' Death is the wages of sin; there is no sin in Christ, nor in good Christians. 'To be carnally minded is death,' but this belongs not to the Christian's life. The elements of the world, are death to the Christian's soul; but these are supplanted by the life Christ lived, and this was eternal life. The lusts of the flesh and of the mind deny us the life the Angels are living—eternal life; but, crucified unto the world, as Jesus was ere he ascended the scaffold on Calvary, we become possessors of a new life, Angel life; and Angels on earth, are already Angels in heaven. The true followers of Christ flinch not at the cross that crucifies their fleshly lusts, knowing 'these are not of the Father, but of the world.' Christ invites us to eternal life; his life was a renunciation of those practices that cannot be engaged in by those who would enjoy life—eternal life. What is eternal life? It is a heavenly, unchangeable, unending condition. The glory of those, not of Christ, is to save the life that must needs change, before eternal life can be experienced; and while many are aware of this truth, they are unable, unwilling to renounce the world, flesh and devil, to be sharers of eternal life. In eternal life there are no husbands nor wives; no private property nor selfish relations ; no war, poverty nor slavery; but the eternal life of the heavens puts these into oblivion. What was there in the virgin life of Christ that needed to change to be eternal, or what is there in any purely virgin character ? Let the world of humanity plead for fleshly indulgences; let them solemnize their marri- ages of the flesh, and direct their churches to wink at their private indulgences (of which, it would be a shame to speak), we declare the same to be the works of darkness and of death, abominable in the sight of God for professing Christians to practice—disgraceful for the heathen! The acceptance of eternal life will be forced work by-the-bye; for, when the opportunities of phj^sical indulgences are cut short by the mortuary process, the mind, writhing in the pain of past incontinence, will accept the situation; but can never be in possession of those sweets of eternal life, rightly belonging to those who have made willing sacrifices of themselves, unto a life of sin and death. *