God, My Father and Mother The perversion of the social organism in humanity, renders it a difficult task for any to form complete ideas of the social relations in the heavenly world. Physical reproduction, even in its most exalted conditions, now forms only a very imperfect type of the heavenly reality, wherein souls are begotten and born into Godliness; and to feel the truth that 'we must be born again,' evidences the process of the true resurrection. Our earthly affections are strong; but these are gross when compared with the felicity of that harmony in which Angels dwell. That God is our Father and Mother, is a truth advancing upon, and sup- planting much ancient theology. Thoughts that the social relation is maintained in the heavens, leads us to feel that there is nought on the earth, but would be a vulgar expression of God's paternal and maternal solicitude. Man was imperfect when existing in nature without his helpmeet, woman; for only a part of Deity was represented. As in the physical world, so in the spiritual heavens and earth; the Godhead must be fully represented—male and female—angelic man and woman.. Yet, there is a peculiar philosophy in many existing theologies that recognizes God only as Father, and then, blindly trusts Omnipotence, to balance the incongruity of a home without a Mother, as well it may ! Here we have the reason of female misrepresentation in the nations; and the denial of her individual rights, other than being subordinate to whatever desires prompted her lord, master, husband. The knowledge that woman is represented in Deity, will yet place her in the true position upon the earth, in the natural family; even as she enjoys it now, with those who have chosen to live on earth as the Angels do in heaven. When man was formed, his model was in the heavens; as really so was woman's; 'let us make man in our image,' and male and female were the results. And now, were not ' the invisible things of God, clearly seen by the things that are made, even the eternal power and Godhead' still we feel the heavenly influences of a Mother's love descending from the throne of Deity, while the wise counsels of the Father are ever attendant upon those who 'seek that wisdom that cometh from above.' Chauncy. (Shakers, N. Y.)