Branches or Boot? A short time since, in a religious and scientific magazine, we observed this or a similar expression: ' Have we not been at work on branches, and neglected to strike the axe at the root of evil ?' Surely this imputation cannot be laid to the little ' Shaker,' which has 'dealt such vigorous and persistent blows at the very root of all existing evils. One benevolent-hearted class of people hack away most industriously at the giant sin of intemperance, but with little headway, for when they verily believed it dead, life from the root and trunk sends forth more branches, and in another form the work must be repeated again and again. And so of every evil: all have their mortal enemies in humanity who nobly work at their destruction, but still the tree of evil holds its head aloft, and seems not likely to succumb. When Jesus commenced his mission, he said, now is the axe laid at the root of the tree. The now seems to be the remarkable word in the expression, and to inaugurate a new mode of attack. The prunings and trimmings were to be exchanged for a work more effectual. If the farmer would rid himself of an obnoxious tree, he puts his energies at the destruction of the root and trunk, by cutting it down at once, not by cutting off any prominent limbs or branches, however much they may have seeded his garden or otherwise annoyed him. The Apostle said, ' from whence come wars and fightings ? come they not hence of your lusts which war in your members ?' Then to rid the earth of wars, and all the consequent evils, the most effectual way would be to destroy the selfish and sensual principle in each human being which ' craves that it may consume upon its lusts.' Christ commenced on the new plan, ignoring marriage, private property, rank and title, war and retaliation; and declared that the tree that bore the evil fruit was to be hewn down and cast into the fire—the fire of truth and selfdenial. Fire is a purifier as well as a destroyer. ' Who can dwell with devouring flames,' etc. ? 'He that hath clean hands and a pure heart.' Elizabeth H. Webster