Regeneration Progress, as applied to man, is a movement from a lower to a higher, from a bad to a better condition. As to the manner or means by which progress is effected, there is perhaps some difference of opinion. One class of persons, for instance, supposes that in order to progress to a higher and better condition, it is necessary to kill and utterly annihilate certain inherent qualities, passions and powers of the human mind and body, so that what remains may be pure and good. This presupposes the aforesaid qualities and passions to have been evil, and a necessity for their destruction. Another class thinks that every faculty of man is eternal; that no part of his nature can be annihilated, only at the risk of destroying his identity, and endangering his future existence in the ratio of such destruction. I belong to this class. I think the progress of man consists, not in accretions from without, but by a process of eternal refinement from within of all that can be refined as it stands; and a transmutation into higher uses of all that can not be thus refined: viz., all those fugitive passions and powers, whose uses are apparent only in this rudimental state, and mainly subservient thereto. Amongtjiesepassions,powers, &amp;c, are anger, the productive principle, acquisitiveness, &amp;c. Let us consider the procreative faculty alone, as from the treatment of this one faculty, with reference to the point at issue, the theory, as applicable to all the others, may easily be inferred. Procreation, a word embodying a sufficient definition, requires for its successful fulfilment certain secretions from the blood, deposited and secreted by the wonderful economy of the physical system. If the laws of this economy had never been violated, how might the whole creation of man have been blest, and universal peace, purity and personal righteousness might have sweetly smiled over the silent gloom of the fearful past! But by sin, misdirection, ignorance, or whatever name you may call it, the integrity of this physical law of procreation is almost completely lost; most ruthlessly and devilishly violated in this our day, till there is scarcely one in a hundred thousand who is not unnaturally or precociously developed in animal lust; and we are constantly driven to hear the recital of such orgies of social or solitary amativeness as often to make us writhe in sickness and horror. This being the case, many in all ages have chosen to renounce all relation in life to this powerful passion, and to live pure celibate lives. The Shakers of the present day have even adopted the celibate life as the most important tenet of their doctrine, without which, as they believe, their community and their theological system would both fail. The question, then, is: How are we free from the imputation of destroying and crushing out certain faculties and proclivities furnished us by our Creator for beneficial purposes, thereby blaspheming the Great and All-Wise Power which has bestowed them? This question would come with a better grace from those not of our Order, if there was now, or ever had been a time in man's history when the abuse of this faculty did not produce a hundred thousand fold more misery and ruin of soul and body than its total disuse. We believe that the Evangels of Jesus and Ann were predicated principally upon the terrible fact that the human race were fast nearing the awful maelstrom of irrecoverable ruin, mainly through the instrumentality of sexual abuse, and there was need of an institution into which could enter those who desired an asylum of perfect seclusion and protection from ' the lusts of the flesh ;' and which would also be a standing rebuke and perpetual testimony against the frightful orgies of crime, carried on through the abuse of the sexual principle. Now, as before stated, the pabulum creating secretions necessary for procreation, if not used in that way, is by no means wasted, but re-absorbed by the blood, and goes to form the yery best material for the vitalization of the brain, and consequent evolution of the purest material for thought, and the most transparent medium through which to transmit the highest inspirations from Heaven. In this sublime and heavenly condition we feel drawn out in love towards the whole world, and would gladly propagate them through our faith and living inspirations from the flesh into the spirit, from the power of lower, baser influences, to the higher and holier! This, as we understand it, when fully acquiesced in and seconded by those on whom it is brought to bear, is the true regeneration; and when faithfully and understandingly entered upon, with a full determination never to yield the struggle, must inevitably eventuate in ' the second birth.' And we have learned by long experience that so sure as ' he that soweth to the flesh, shall of the flesh reap corruption,' so sure will 'he that soweth to the spirit reap life everlasting;' yea, and peace beyond all power of human language to express. But this high ground is not to be gained with62 THE SHA.KER. 63 out a struggle. Indeed, to come into and through this regeneration and new birth, and completely rise into this halcyon newness of life, everything below it, all former elements, have to be melted with fervent heat, and the whole re-cast in the crucible of deep sorrow and tribulation, until the spiritual transmutation is effected. This requires days, months, and years, and great wisdom and vigilance are requisite, that collateral agencies be not allowed so far to affect the results as to distort and mutilate the whole character and features of the child of God that is to be! If, for instance, a person holds a constant check upon one mean proclivity, say lust, and yet indulges all the time in the use of spirits, opium, tea, coffee, tobacco, pork, &amp;c, he may possibly attain to a regenerate state on that one line; but, alas, what a distorted, swollen, ill-natured child of God he must inevitably come out! Another regenerating process will be necessary to make him presentable, under any circumstances. This is not the worst. Every atom of nervous force he allows to be wasted, in the pleasurable excitements of the aforesaid animal indulgences and intoxications, subtract directly from that unreplenishable stamina of body and mind by which he is to effect his final exaltation to a higher plane. Davis, and many other eminent writers, even declare that 'opium and tobacco stimulate the sexual propensities, and generate unhealthy desires.' Therefore, would any man or woman set out on the solemn journey to eternal peace with God, let him, or her, if they have felt a Divine call from their interior consciousness, and conviction thereto, abandon at once and forever all indulgence of the 'flesh with the affections and lusts;' all anger and ill-will against all fellow beings; all use of tobacco, tea, coffee, spirits, opium, etc., and commence immediately the development of regeneration. When you have made the most earnest and persevering struggles in this new life, and find yourselves overcome in spite of your best efforts, until you are in utter despair, then come, if unwilling to before, to the Shakers; confess every known sin ever committed, yield yourselves in unequivocal obedience to their instruction, and if you are ever after faithful to your convictions, you cannot fail of the mansions of peace, eternal in the heavens, and a crown of everlasting joy and glory, ' where the wicked cease from troubling, and the weary are at rest!' We know this to be true; we have tried it from ten to seventy years, yea, even to eighty years, and it has never failed in a single instance. The reasons why you will succeed better here than in isolated conditions of the world may be easily understood. For the amount of love, sympathy and affection which you as an individual may be able to bestow, you receive back the love, sympathy and affection, and consequent moral and spiritual strength of hundreds of your dear brethren and sisters, laborers in the same good cause. This advantage is possible in a Community only, and this is the reason you will be far more liable to succeed among the Shakers. O. C. H., Union Tillage, 0.