Future Existence and Eternal Happiness As mankind in this life have a real existence without enjoying perfect happiness, so, in the future world, man will find himself in the same condition. Future existence, therefore, does not imply future happiness; this is attained by a certain process, and man, being a free agent, is left to determine for himself how long he will put off that process which leads to eternal life and happiness. Man's present and future, then, is dependent on his own agency.; but this future existence is the feat of God. Dunlavy observes, that ' God's decrees are to be known by His works of creation and providence.' When God purposed or decreed to create animated beings, such as inhabit our globe, he also decreed that they should all require sustenance for bodily support, and formed every one of them with appetites and a digestive apparatus. After thus decreeing and thus forming them, if he had left them all without food adapted to their appetites and digestive organs—without anything to sustain their lives—and so left them to linger and perish with hunger, would any intelligent being fail to see that such a being was either malignant or impotent and shortsighted? On the contrary, when we see that ample provision is made for food, and all the means of subsistence for the thousands of varied wants and appetites, all exactly adapted to each and every species of being, we see not only infinite wisdom, but a boundless munificence displayed; and thus nature teaches us that God is infinitety wise and good. Does she teach us truth ? Shall we rely on her testimony ? Among the vast variety of these creatures there is one species called man, of which there are more than a billion of individuals now on the globe. These all have the common wants of other animals with regard to food, and possess in common with them an appetite and digestive organs, and, like the rest, the Creator has made ample provision, adapted to all their bodily wants of food, clothing and shelter. But this species of being have also intelligent spirits, which have their peculiar wants, among which is an intense desire for future and immortal existence. Yet, notwithstanding this, some of this species say that the Creator has made no provision to satisfy this craving appetite of the intelligent spirit, but that every individual of the race is doomed to perish and become extinct, because no means exist to supply this life-long innate cravings of the soul. Nature contradicts the ungenerous charge against this, a munificent Creator, and testifies that there exists a provision for this want as well as others, because God the great Author of nature cannot be inconsistent, providing for all minor wants, even those of insects, and neglecting any provision for the most important of all. .Revelation harmonizes with nature and declares that the God arid Father of all, who provides for ' sparrows,' will surely, therefore, provide for the spiritual, as well as the physical, wants of his rational creatures. But in the case of our temporal wants, God does not cook our food, make our garments, nor build our houses, but furnishes us with the material and the faculties to do it ourselves— 'reaching,' as one says, ' these necessaries to us through our own hands.' This makes labor and toil a necessity in providing for our bodily wants; so with the wants of our spiritual nature, God furnishes the knowledge and necessary means, but requires us to ' work out our salvation.' ' Seek and ye shall find.' ' Ask, ye shall receive.' Strive [agonisthe'] agonize, exert every nerve that ye may enter into life. Thus it is made quite as necessary that we should exert our own faculties to gain spiritual sustenence and life, as it is to labor for our temporal wants. It may be observed here that the word life is often used in scripture in contrast, not with extinction, but with distinction and want; the same as was used by the Romans, 'l)um vivimvs vivamus'—While we live, let us live; that is, let us enjoy ourselves. Thus it is said to those who had improved their talents—'Enter into the joy of thy Lord'— into the enjoyment of his glorious and heavenly life. ' Narrow is the way that leadeth to life'—to true enjoyment—' and few there be that find it' in this state of existence. Yet it exists and can be found—is found—and those few who have it proclaim, ' Ho i every one that thirsteth, come! come, for all things are ready ! ' Richard W. Pelham