Christian Success Christ's mission to the world was the salvation of souls—to save sculs from the transgression of God's laws, and consequently from the punishment of sin. The mission is a success. Whoever looks to Christianity for salvation from the punishment of sin, while living in sin, mistakes the mission of the Christ spirit, and is doomed either to a change of opinion and life, or to the sorest disappointment,— Whoso cemmits €m, does not experience Christian success. We believe 'Christ to have appeared, just as we firmly believe in the existence of gold; but until we experience the value of gold, by real possession and the benefits of its exchange, of how much worth is our belief? Until we experience the salvation from the commission of sin, which Christ's mission promised, of what avail is Christianity to us? ' He shall save his people from their sins,' by teaching a life that is free from sin. Christ teaches freedom from war—a Christian peace. Christians never did, never can fight. Christians are peacemakers, and realize that there never was a Christian cause worth fighting for with weapons that kill the body or hurt the soul! Thh Christianity will exclude the majority of professing Christians. Christ taught a a virgin life, pure and chaste as the angels. Jesus practiced virginity; so did his immediate disciples ; so practice all who attain to a Christian success. Paul lived like the author of Christianity, but permitted a license to the heathen that finds no sanction in the life and teachings of Christ; whoso indulges in any practice of life, heathen to Christianity, can lay no claim to Christian success. The Christ spirit organized the most beautiful church-pattern among the primitive Christians. To this, genuine Christians gathered, gave up their selfish individualities, and laid down at the apostles' feet their wealth and their poverty, their burdens and their indifferences, and with these the apostles built up a successful Christian Church. The wealthy became less wealthy in worldly goods; the poor were elevated by the condescension of the rich; all enjoyed a comfortable equality as brethren and sisters. Whoso would attach to this church any mutual or social relations, not comprehended by the terms brethren and sisters in Christ, aims at the prostitution of the true church into a community of ill-fame. We find human nature, undisciplined by the Christ spirit, opposed to the demands of Christianity. However loud its professions of love for Christ, it prefers, that spirit would not press too closely the subject of self-denial. Under the Christian name it prefers to live worse than the Jews, and whoever would restrict it is made the object of persecution and crucifixion. It wants, and will have, the pleasures of the flesh, of private property and war, unless converted to the Christ life. It marries and then transcends, to beastly extent, the boundaries of Jewish discipline, screening itself behind the name of Christ from the mortifying penances and purifications that Jewish laws demanded. Christ was the end of the law of generation and of the u unfruitful works of darkness]' and who would achieve success in a Christian life must discontinue these, seeking an excuse and refuge in Christ! 'If this is Christianity,' cries the majority of professing Christians, ' then we. prefer not to be Christians.' Regardless of their preferences, the truth stands alto relievo, and will not down at the bidding of popular desires. Refusing the discipline of the law, all cut themselves off from the enjoyment of its advantages ; and by practicing that which the life of Christ will not sanction, but condemns, such cannot have the gospel, nor attain to a genuine Christian profession. ' The Shakers,' says a noted writer, ' have certainly struck at the root of all evil; but, in our opinion, they have struck a little too deeply.' The Shakers, we say, experience genuine Christian success, when obedient to the voice of their principles, and this demands our striking at the root of evil very much deeper than our eotemporaries have; yet none too deeply to experience salvation from the ills our eotemporaries suffer. We know what it is to experience Christian success— salvation from sin. Our success has not been in the congregation of vast numbers; never will be; at least we do not look for this. There has been, as may occur again and again, a falling away from the purity of our principles, which inevitably degrades the individualities so falling—as ' the stars of heaven falling to earth ;' but this in no manner affects our Christian success. Our numbers are not so large, as in periods that are past; we fearlessly admit this fact; but our principles are firmer than ever, in our faithful hearts, and in the estimation of 'the truly religious minds of the day. We mean to maintain these principles inviolate, while living in happy anticipation of the approach of a blessed season, when mankind will become convicted of the need of Christian success, and gather to the principles that alone can satisfy the demand. ' For the love of the primitive Christians,' says one who is not far from the kingdom of heaven, ' we need not expect to find in the churches of Brooklyn nor in surrounding cities; but in a community life, where so much selfdenial is in exercise, that but few individuals will be willing to submit to its demands.' *