Do Good This should be the aim of every human being—to make the world better for their having lived. No one can be a reformer unless they first become reformed—made better. Jesus struggled to make life principles effective in himself, rather than to proclaim new theo- ries. He never urged the acceptance of his principles until, by a living illustration, he proved them efficacious. With weighty truths in his possession, he yet was humble; accept- ing neither the kingly crown, nor the purple robe. Baptized by the power of redemption, drinking deeply at the springs of eternal life, he imparted the same to others. In lonely places he would gather the afflicted —tell them of the heavenly joys of the Divine life. A few honest fishermen heard his teachings, and made their lives conformably to them, gather- ing others to the beautiful way of the cross. The 'few' who laid the foundations of the Shaker Church were equally zealous in disciplining their lives according to their honest convictions of right. Under the most scorching testimony against pride, lust, war, etc., they stood firm. They incurred the hatred and envy of those whom they sought to improve, while giving expressions of the most Christian love—laying down a life of sinful pleasure in behalf of the souls of their neighbors. They were poor, but willingly shared their all with sin-sick souls, wherever met. They were rich in spiritual things, and from their abundance built the structure that is a beacon to the afflicted of all nations, having come out and separated themselves from the works of darkness into the glorious light and life of Christ—they stripped themselves of any base disguise, showed their past deeds, and earnestly began a life of true repentance, leaving off what they confessed as wrong. In struggling for their salvation they used extreme measures to meet their cases. The heads of families would sometimes, under the deepest conviction for their sins, and of their responsibility as parents, call their children around them and impress upon them the necessity of a godly life, hot by the relation of mythical stories of fire and brimstone, but, givingexpression to their sorrow for their own missteps in life, warn their children to flee from the same condemnation; and with such fervor were these communications made, that the stony hearts of their children melted, and, as the baptized parents baptized their children into the newness of life, society received a force of the. proper material for the maintenance of the true gospel of Christ. May the same truths enter the hearts of many natural parents, while we all sing the song*, 'We Live to do Good.' Harriet Bullard