BIOGRAPHICAL. Testimony of John Farrington As vre have received the most authentic records of Jesus from the writings of his daily companions, we would give evidence of Ann Lee's life and character from those who knew her personally, and suffered with her in the promulgation of her unpopular faith. —En. In consequence of an extraordinary revival of religion, which took place at New Lebanon in the summer of 1779, and extended through the neighboring towns, I was brought into a deep labor of mind concerning my own salvation . In this revival I diligently attended the meetings, and was much engaged in religious exercises, By which I was greatly awakened to pray earnestly to God for deliverance from sin, and from the nature of evil; but no deliverance could I find'. I closely observed the operations of this revival, but could not find that it wrought any abiding effect upon its subjects. I therefore diligently searched the scriptures, prayed to God, and confessed my sins to Him alone in secret places. But all this produced no abiding comfort, for I found that in all my labors and struggles I could not obtain any victory over sin, nor could I see any among the subjects of the revival that appeared in any better situation, as to religion, than myself. Notwithstanding all my experience in the illuminations of the Divine spirit, and all' the flattering encouragements of many old professors, who earnestly endeavored to persuade me that I was a Christian, and an heir of salvation, my feelings were not satisfied. I felt mysetf unworthy o\ the name of a Christian, and had no confidence in making a public profession of religion, unless-1 could live according to my profession; and therefore determined net to name the name of Christ till I could1 depart from iniquity, nor call myself a Christian without being convincecf that I was such in realty. In the spring of the year 1780, I received intelligence of a singular sect of Christians who bad! come from England, and lived near 'Albany, asd who- attracted much attention on Account of the singularity of their religion, and the remarkable power and operations which attended it. This intelligencemade rare very anxious to see the people for my own satisfaction, feeling myself fully prepared by my late Experience and my knowledge of the scriptures, :to receive an understanding, and to jodge of ilWi virtue and efficacy of their religion. In ¦agreement with my parents I went to see them i(feeing then in the 20th year of my age), and '%as among the first in this country who Visited these remarkable strangers. I found -them indeed a very singular people, and after critical inquiry and observation, I had sufficient evidence to satisfy me that they possessed the power of God beyond any other people I had ever seen. Instead of asking me to tell my religious experience, and Inviting me to join the Church, as my former teachers had done, Mother Ann Lee, the leader of this little community, taught me the necessity of confessing my sins in the presence of God's witnesses, and showed me the propriety of bringing my deeds to the light, and of being joined to the Lord in one spirit. I saw and acknowledged this to be right. I tarried several days, and saw with much admiration the wonderful displays of Divine power among these people. When I was about to take my leave of them, to return home, Mother Ann told me I might confess my sins if I desired, before I returned home. I said I believed it to be right to confess my sins, but I had thought to return home and labor for a deeper sense of sin, and try to mend my life a little. Mother replied, ' That is very good, but you can gain a deeper sense of sin after you have confessed them than before, and be better able to mend your life.' Being fully convinced by what I had heard and seen that this was the real requirement of God, I undertook it, and made as honest a confession as I was able at that time. Afterward, Mother said, ' You have done well so far, but you have not confessed all.' She then told me of a number of secret sins that I had committed, which I had not recollected, and which I well knew was before unknown to any living mortal but myself: and I was fully convinced that she could not have known these things but by the revelation of God. I therefore felt able to return home and say, as the woman of Samaria did of Jesus Christ, /have seen a woman icho was able'to tell me all that lever did in my life. Here I received that holy unction from Christ, through1 Mother Ann, that fully enabled me to cease from sin. Here I found boldness and confidence before God and all men, and felt my adoption into the family of Christ, and among the sons of God. Here I found an entrance into the pure and peaceable Kingdom of Christ, and felt my soul united to the invisible, heavenly host, and filled with the quickening power of God, which gave me strength to resist all evil, and to keep every sinful propensity in subjection to the law of Christ. And I felt a full assurance that by continuing in obedience to the testimony I had then embraced, I shouM gain a complete dominion over the powers of darkness, and reign triumphant with Christ in purity and holiness. In this I have not been deceived, for I have found my faith fully rerified. Indeed, it is impossible it should be otherwise, for the testimony that I received, and with which I united, was like a two-edged sword against all ungodliness and every appearance of evil; therefore all who are obedient to it must certainly be saved from all uwgodliness. This grace I have obtained, and this power I have received, through the special ministration of Mother Ann Lee, whose piercing testimony awakened the inmost feelings of my soul, and roused the sleeping faculties of my mind, which had loag been boundin nature's darkness. Thus did my soul receive a special manifestation of the healing power of God, as really as the impotent man at the beautiful gate of the temple received the miraeolous cure from Peter and John. I can testify before all men that it was through faith in Mother Ann, whom God raised up and endowed with the spirit of Christ, that I was healed of the infirmities of my spirit; even through Christ manifested in that woman, who was shamefully persecuted, abused and slandered by a lawless and wicked generation, because she zealously maintained the principles of purity and holiness, and bold! j testified, by precept and example, against all the abominations of the wicked. It must appear evident to every reasonable mind that had she not possessed the spirit and power of Christ she could not have communicated it to others. And had she been laden with iniquity, and fraught with evil and unclean spirits, she could not have purged those things from other souls. The nature of evil is directly opposed to godliness, and if ever subdued it must be done by the spirit and power of goodness, or it never can be done at all. And had not Mother Ann brought forth the genuine fruits of righteousness in her own life and example, she never could have wrought in souls such convistion of sin, and turned so many from the ways of iniquity into the pure paths of peace and righteousness as she has done; and that this was truly the fruit of her labors, many living witnesses can testify from their own personal knowledge and experience. I was well acquainted with Mother Ann, and had many opportunities with her during her ministration in this country. Being a free man, and feeling a powerful religious attachment to her and the elders with her, I embraced every suitable opportunity to visit them, and to be in their company at the different places where they ministered the gospel. I often visited them at Watervliet, and was with them in prison at Albany—I was with them at Harvard, Shirley, Woburn, Ashfield, Richmond and Hancock, in Massachusetts, at Enfield in Connecticut, and at New Lebanon. I have seen and heard them in many meetings, and was knowing to their deportment in public and private, and was well acquainted with their manners at home and abroad, and, therefore, feel fully able to give a true statement of their lives and characters. And I feel it justly my duty to contradict the false reports which have Been spread abroad by the tongue of slander concerning them: for in all my acquaintance with them, I have ever obesrved the same uniform example of temperance, ehastitj^, righteousness and every gospel virtue. Their lives and characters were in strict conformity to the doctrine and example of Christ; and they constantly taught the same to others. Although many malicious and abusive charges have been published abroad in the world, for the purpose of criminating Che character of this Society and its first founders,yet all that can be said in the spirit of slander, is unworthy of the credit or attention of any rational person. Those who nave little or no acquaintance with the Society, are not qualified to give any correct information concerning it. Many unfaithful members have vainly pretended to hold relation for a season ; but their ungodliness has justly brought them under reproof; and instead of reforming, they have thereby taken occasion to indulge themselves in resentment and falsehood, and to deny the faith whieh they had once embraced, and become as traitors to those who honestly maintain the cross of Christ. Such apostates have often palmed upon the Society and its leaders the crimes which they themselves had committed, while pretending to hold relation with us. I can truly testify, from my own personal THE SHAKER. 61 acquaintance, that the character and example of Mother and the elders were altogether the reverse of any excess, and that they invariably taught the same sobriety and temperance to others. I have been a witness of many instances in which Mother admonished intemperance in those whom she taught; but in no way did she do it more effectually than by the godly example which she continually displayed, during the whole of her life, among us. Ever faithful in good works, she often deprived herself of comforts, that she might be able to comfort others. She spared not her life in promoting the cause of God, in strengthening the feeble, comforting the afflicted, reproving the careless, correcting disorders, purging out sin, and zealously striving, at all times, to build up righteousness and peace in all who embraced her testimony. I once was young but now I am old, and through my life have been an attentive observer of the ways and actions of men, but I have never seen the persecutor prosper, nor the vile slanderer rise to honor. When the gospel first opened in New Lebanon, the little despised flock who first embraced it, were mostly people of small property, and in low circumstances ; many among us were indeed very poor; and all of us, like the rest of mankind, were bound in sin and iniquity, possessing our full share of all the evil propensities of a fallen nature, and sunk in slothfulness, filthiness, intemperance and a multitude of other evil habits. These were our inward enemies with which we had to contend; while without we had the prejudices, jealousies, slanders and persecutions of an unbelieving world to encounter, who spared no pains in trying to impede the work of God among us, and discourage us in our undertaking, crying out, delusion ! fanaticism! witchcraft! the work of the devil! But what has been the result ? I bless the God of Heaven that I have lived to see the fulfillment of those blessed promises, given us by the faithful messengers of truth, who first administered the gospel to us, ' That if we would yield a faithful obedience to the law of Christ, now made manifest, wre should be blessed in our outgoings and incomings—in our basket and in our store; and above all that we should enjoy the blessings of peace and salvation, which Christ had promised to the faithful.' As the fruits of their precepts and examples of industry, neatness, prudence, temperance and godliness, I have seen a Society of people spring up. and grow and increase in order, beauty and harmony, till it is, in my view, the glory of the earth—a city of reflige—a shining light and a tree of life to the nations. On the other hand, I have seen the false accuser, the vile slanderer and proud persecutor, who gladly would have trampled under foot the meek and lowly followers of Christ, either left to become a shame and a reproach to civil society, outcasts among men and vagabonds in the earth; or if their rank and standing in society has preserved them from these disgraces, they have not escaped the stains of dishonor, nor the stings of a guilty conscience. Numbers have lingered out their days under evident guilt and condemnation, and left this mortal stage with ' a fearful looking,' knowing that the day of reckoning must come. What became of those proud and malicious persecutors who vainly strove against the work of God in New Lebanon and its vicinity, in the early days of our faith ? Behold, they were scattered to the four winds! But few remained in this town as the sad relics of a dishonored gang—a once haughty, riotous, cruel and unfeeling band of intolerant persecutors. Many of them were swept from the earth by untimely deaths and retributive judgments, till nothing but an empty name is left to their forlorn remembrance. They have received the reward of their doings, and shared the fate of persecutors in every age of the world. Hence it is a point of wisdom for all who know not this gospel to beware how they treat it; for whether they believe it or not, it is a serious reality, that the God of Heaven has laid the foundation ; Christ has set up a kingdom on earth which shall never have an end. And those who bless this work will be blessed, and those who curse it will be cursed. Knowing and feeling a sense of these things, and standing in the fear of God, I solemnly warn all to be careful that they touch not the Lord's anointed, and do his people no harm. Remember the counsel of Gamaliel to the Jewish high priest and his council: ' Refrain from these men and let them alone: for if this counsel or this work be of men, it will come to nought; but if it be of God, ye cannot overthrow it; lest haply ye be found even to fight against God.' John Farrington