Reason It is perfectly legitimate for any person to declare a belief—to say I believe thus or so ; but this is a very different thing from reasoning to prove such belief to be true. No person should enter the precincts of reason for the sole purpose of proving a belief to be true, but they may reason to ascertain whether the belief be'true or false, or whether it contains anything false. Nothing is more dangerous than the pride of self-opinion ; ' under this influence men seek applause instead of truth.' It has been said, and I believe truly, that 'man on earth lives three lives [or has three planes of being], the first, An'mxal; second, Intellectual; third, Spiritual. The first, nurtured by the sun ; the second, by books, and the thoughts of others; the third, by the beams of Deity, ever present in the mind,' or, as Pope more properly states at, ' God in the mind.' There are specific laws by which each should be governed. Of the first, physiologists have given abundant instruction; of the second, philosophers, logicians and orthoepists have spread before us a sea of information, beyond our means and power or necessity to fully explore. In these two fields we cannot lead, ' for the children of this world are wiser in their generation than the children of light,' But of the third, and by far the most important, I do not hesitate to declare that Believers, or Shakers, stand in the foreground to-day of the whole world, and this is said in no boastin spirit. In support of this declaration, but one evidence will I offer in the words of Christ: ' By their fruits shall ye know them.' Of the two first, however, the world are in advance of the 'children of light,' who may well stand, ' cap in hand,' and take lessons on the laws of health, and laws governingreason on the intellectual plane. But the 'children of light' being in the ascendant in spiritual life, should ' let their light so shine, that the world seeing their good works may glorify their Father and Mother in heaven.' As we proceed on the spiritual plane, we more and more take cognizance of the field of inspiration and revelation, which is the arcana from whence proceeds all soul sustenance. But all inspirations or revelations are not reliable; hence, says Locke: ' If reason must not examine the truth of revelation or persuasion by something extrinsical to the persuasions themselves, truth and falsehood will have the same measure, and will not be possible to be distinguished.' But he confesses the fallacy of this test, by the following admission : ' I gratefully receive, and rejoice in the light of revelation, which sets me at rest in many things, the manner whereof my poor reason can by no means make out for me;' thus admitting some inspirations to be self-poised, above and out of the reach of reason's inquiry, whilst others are of a metaphorical character. For light, knowledge, progress and growth on this spiritual plane, Christ, in his first and second appearing, in his living body, is the pole-star, the magnet to which the needle of every compass should tremblingly point, and every soul submit. For these lofty and sublime inspirations the mediums are not accountable; but it is inadmissible for the uninspired to postulate conditions above reason's inquiry, which it is as contradictory to affirm as to deny—thus adhering to the exploded doctrine, ' that I know, without knowing what I know.' Such postulates are considered chimerical or fanciful; of such, Hume very pertinently remarks, ' nothing is more dangerous to reason than the flights of imagination, and nothing has been more the occasion of mistakes among philosophers.' 'But,' says Hamilton, ' the most complex web of thought can be reduced to syllogisms, and when this is done their truth or falsehood, in a logical relation, flashes at once into view.' So we may reason logically or illogically from true or false premises Logic does not pretend to unveil the truth of the proposition, but it tells with unerring certainty whether the reasoning is sound or unsound. But, descending from the spiritual to the intellectual life and plane of being, and of pure reason, we should rigidly conform to the laws by which minds in the intellectual world are governed, because, if we do not, they will apply them, and will not admit, as they should not, anything that does not conform to them; hence on such our labors would be entirely lost. As a caution, and for the sake of some who may not be familiar with them, I will here take the liberty to enumerate some of the rules which philosophers include under what they term ' The Law of Parcimony,' none of which can in safety be overlooked or negleeted by the correct reasoner, viz.: 1. In pure reason, we should take nothing for granted but what is self-evident. 2. If a known cause is sufficient, we must not postulate an unknown. 3. Introduce nothingoccult into the question. 4. Use no term of varied or doubtful meaning in the same thesis, without defining it. 5. All reasoning depends on two things, viz., analysis and synthesis. 6. AYe should never rest so long as there is aught vague or indefinite in our reasonings; so long as we have not analyzed every notion in its elements, and excluded the possibility of all lurking ambiguity in our expressions. Although we may not arrive at truth, with care we can always avoid self-contradiction. 7. An induction which does not proceed upon a competent analysis, or enumeration of particulars, is either doubtful, improbable or null; for all synthesis depends upon a foregone -analysis for whatever degree of certainty it may pretend to. 8. All parts of the predicate must be parts of the subject, and every element rejected as hypothetical which the analysis does not spontaneously afford. 9. An Ivypothesis to be legitimate is, that the facts in explanation of which it is devised be ascertained really to exist, and be not themselves hypothetical. 10. The fact which a legitimate hypothesis ex- plains must be within the sphere of experience. 11. The phenomenon in question must, by analysis, be reduced to its simplest elements ; and no phenomenon be assumed as elemental which can be reduced to simpler principles, and no elementary phenomenon overlooked, and no foreign or imaginary element interpolated. 12. If the analysis is incomplete, the syn- thesis will be incomplete also, and the conclusion unreliable. 13. .No conclusion must contain more than the premises analyzed. 14. If one cause is sufficient to explain the phenomenon, we should not postulate a second. 15. A legitimate hypothesis must save the phenomenon which it is invented to explain, without exclusion, distortion or diminution. The foregoing rules and selections, if strictly adhered to, are sufficient to secure any reasoner from the shafts of a rational criticism; but if they are ignored and lightly set aside by any, such may be made to feel the power of any capable critic, who may think their productions worthy of a rigid scrutiny. H. L. Eades, South Union, Ky.