An Address BY ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE My loved gospel kindred, I am happy to meet you in this beautiful, shady grove. We have not met here merely as friends; we hold a nearer relation: to each other. We claim to be brethren and sisters in Christ, helping to form a spiritual household, honoring our hea- venly parents, the great Head of the family, who have raised a standard around which we gather, and under which we cheerfully serve. Purity, peace and liberty is written thereon, and the Prince of all princes has especial charge of it. To those who have not gathered to it, and found protection under its folds, it does not appear beautiful nor symbolical of liberty. But those who have been led by the spirit of truth, and schooled in spiritual philosophy, feel that it signifies to them liberty in its fullest, broadest sense. While the Prince of Peace guards this banner, and those who dwell under it, the war cry, ' to arms,' and the doleful sound that comes to many desolate homes, and pierces the hearts of surviving friends, because of the demoniac war forces, which send the arrows of death alike into the palace and cottage, until the whole land is draped in mourning for the loss of loved ones, cannot reach us. I have not many words for this occasion, but I want to make you, my dear brethren and sisters, feel that my heart beats with deep emotions of love for you all; and I hope this may be a season of rejoicing to every one present. Let us take comfort—have an intellectual and social feast, under the direction of the higher law; and it will be like clusters of grapes from the immortal summer land, and wine well refined from dregs; a foretaste of the pure wine which we, if faithful to our high calling, shall drink with Christ and the redeemed of all kindreds and nations, in the perfected kingdom of God. Let us all, by one united effort, raise the standard of Gospel purity a little higher to-day, that it may wave in the pure breezes over us as it has never done before, that our joy may be enhanced and our peace flow like a river. There seems to be something very congenial in the atmosphere in and around this place. Our annual gatherings here, probably, make us feel a little like some of the ancients, who sought out some quiet retreat in the glens, or on the mountains, that they might the more effectualljr consecrate themselves to devotional life and religious fervor; to perform their sacred vows, and drink in the inspiration of the Almighty! So interblended became their feelings with the scenery surrounding them, the sods upon which they had knelt in solemn prayer, and rested their bodies when the curtains of night were drawn around them, the trees that had sheltered them, and even the rocks whereon they had sat in silent meditation, had become so sacred to them, that it was something like parting soul and body when they left those places, so strongly were they attached to them. One is said to have expressed his feelings thus : ' O/king of mountains, rich in purifying streams, adieu ! I have passed happy days upon thy heights. I have nourished myself with the delicious fruits thouhast produced, and have quenched my thirst with the clear waters that flow from thy summit. Oh, mountain, free from sin! Like unto a living child, happy on the breast of his father (mother), have I enjoyed myself upon thy bosom.' There is something peculiar in meetings in the open air—in God's great temple. As far back as our history reaches, religionists in an especial manner, from time to time, have sought some spot under the blue arched canopy where they could breathe freely, and commune with higher intelligences. And as we look over Bible history, we find recorded upon its pages that God, when He was about to reveal some new truth, or give some new commandment to his servants, and desired to draw near unto them, and draw them nigh unto himself for that purpose, He ealled them to some secluded place in the vale, or on the mountain, away from the multitudinous-throng and busy hum of life, that they might the more easily hear the voices of messengers which He sent unto them, and receive their ministrations of love. For, as God is love, there can nothing emanate from Him but what will eventuate in love, and,in the final issue, be to the soul as the dews of the morning from the everlasting hills. By this, it would seem that there may be clearer perceptions of Divine truth, and the spiritual senses be unfolded and intensified to a greater degree in the vast temple which God hath made, than within the walls of any house built by human hands. When he was about to teach Abraham lessons of faith and obedience, He called him to ascend a mountain, apart from his kindred and country, and there He communed with him, and put his fidelity to the severest test. Not for himself alone, was Abraham's faith tried, but for the race. He was a representative man. He passed through that severe ordeal unscathed, and for his unflinching fidelity to the right he was called Abraham the Faithful. And, today he stands as a beacon light upon that mountain, and as a reproof to this disobedient and faithless generation. Again, when God raised up his servant Moses, through whom He gave a new code of laws to the ancient Jews, instituted a high school of learning, and appointed Moses the principal, He brought him to Mount Sinai, and led him up thither, and, through appointed agencies, poured out his spirit upon him, and Moses there received such manifestations of the Divine presence that the mountain shook, and himself and people quaked with fearand reverential awe. He became a medium of the greatest manifestation of spiritual power upon material things—the most complete blending of spirit and matter—of any upon record, and was the greatest minister of physical truth. We will not tarry longer with the more ancient people, who sought the open temple to make their strongest vows of consecration, and to receive new hopes, new impulses, and new aspirations; we will pass by the prophetic seers, and only, as we journey along, take note that the spiritual waters gradually rose higher and higher, until we find ourselves with Jesus and the twelve. How often did Jesus go forth to some favorite mountain! to a desert place or garden, leading his little band thither, that with them he might pour forth strong cries to his Heavenly Father and Mother! and to teach his disciples important truths concerning the kingdom of God ! And who has ever been able to speak words so rich in principle, so full of promise, so binding upon the conscience, and so free from human taint, as is the sermon on the Mount, which he delivered ? Ah, then the Christ spirit spake as never man spake ! We never tire of reading or repeating that sermon. It has passed the lips of millions, and still it is new. Was it not a lamp lighted from the great source of Light, by direct inspiration at that time, whose light can never be extinguished or hid, and placed upon a hill to illumine the Pilgrim's path down through the ages? How plainly the Christian's duty, life and character is marked out in that sermon. Let its light shine, and may its power be felt! And how profound and heavenly must have been the season when Jesus and his three loved disciples went together to the Mount, where Jesus was transfigured before them, and their vision was opened to see those two spirits— Moses and Elias—with whom he was in communion ! True, they did not fully comprehend the significance of that interview, and Peter thought if they could build tabernacles for Jesus, Moses and Elias, they would take up their abode in that mountain, and there they could often commune with them. Their spiritual emotion was so great that they exclaimed: 'It is good to be here!' Who can wonder that they wished to retain those spirits, and the heavenly influence which pervaded their sphere ? Let us seek to draw such pure and heavenly influences around us to-day, that we also may say, ' It is good for us to be here !'