Answers to Correspondents Q. Is God a Trinity—Father, Son and Holy Ghost? A. To us, God is a duality, male and female —Heavenly Father, Wisdom, and Comforting Mother Love. Q. 'Was not man made in God's image ? A. Certainly; 'male and female, God created them.' Q. Is not man a trinity—body, soul and spirit ? A. Man, being created in the image of God, is male and female—dual. Q. Is not man a trinity—understanding, wffl, affections ? A. Man has five senses and many affections. Q. Does not Paul say : 'May your body, soul and spirit be blameless ?' A. We believe you have quoted correctly. Q. Does not scripture say : ' Dividing asunder soul and spirit ? '&gt;. A. It does.' Q. What is the difference between soul and spirit ? A. To which we give an individual opinion, thus: The body is the soul's covering, or house; the soul is to the spirit what the bodjr is to the soul. All created things may have a soul, but the human soul alone contains a spirit. ' And God breathed into (the animal) man the breath of life, and he became a living soul.' This breath allies man to his Maker closer than aught else. The soul may wander into the ways of the transgressor—become dead through sin. Thus may the soul be corrupted; but the spirit is incorruptible, inapproachable by sin, and this spirit will lead the deadened soul back, through sufferings, to its Maker—God. The spirit and soul are immortal. Q. Ts not God the same yesterday, to-day and forever ? A. We believe God to be eternal—without change. Some of us have had revealed that all that has been called God, has not represented the infinite Creator to perfection. Each cycle passed has had its God—the best known representative spirit. The Jews had theirs— it permitted them to marry, fight, hold private property, etc. The true Christians have their God represented by the Christ spirit to Jesus and others. This representative of God will not permit its subjects to marry, fight, ' nor possess aught they can call their own.' Under the dispensation of Moses, God permitted and counselled retaliation; but under the more perfect type of the Infinite, the rule is, ' Love even your enemies !' The God which Christ represents introduces us to a life that is eternal in the present tense—a virgin life, eternal here, and no change needs occur that it may enter the abodes of the blessed. Not so with those who fight, who are husbands or wives, or who engage in sinfulness. To us, the Spirit Christ is a fitting representative of the Infinite. *