What is Man, as a Christian? A lucid answer to the interrogatory, necessarily requires a knowledge of the Christian character, as illustrated by acknowledged and legitimate authority. The teachings of the founder of the Christian religion, or rather the doctrines of Him who was the exponent of that religion, should be correctly understood. In Christ's sermon on the mount, are to he found truths, unmistakable and instructive; elucidating Christian life and duty. It is ex- plicitly declared in that discourse, that man is commended to God, only by his good works— his righteousness; which must exceed the righteousness of the Pharisees, who were the strictest and most religious sect of the Jews, God's peculiar people, or he shall in no case enter the kingdom of heaven; that by the merits of any being but himself only, can he be saved. To the world, the Christian's light must be the strongest; a light that will shine before all men; and that he shall both do and teach the commandments of God, which lead men to be perfect, even as our Father in heaven is perfect ; that is, to be true to conscience and faithful to convictions of right; to be selfsacrificing, self-denying to all ungodliness; under no circumstances to lose control of himself, or to cease the restraint of his passions ; THE SHAKER 67 sever reviling nor speaking evil of smother ; and however another may differ from him in opinion or in caste, never tolerating in his heart the action of a spirit of persecution. The Christian man Is meek, merciful, pure in heart, a peacemaker with all, loving all, eves his enemies ; praying for all, even for those who desgitefully use kim; doing to others whatsoever he would they should do unto him, thereby becoming to the earth, salt which hath not lost its savor. By the language and spirit of the sermon, man, as a Christian, has not the right to take the life of his fellow, neither to be angry with him. It is not his prerogative to reproach him with hard words, to call him fool, or say to him Raca, a term of contempt. He shall not commit an unchaste act, or indulge in his heart a sensation of lust, and stand guiltless before God; and rather than be offended by any member of his body, however dear, as the eye or the hand, and perish by its retention, it would be better to cast it from him. The same authority that calls upon man to purify his imaginations, the thoughts of his heart, demands the purification of his language. The tongue is an uruly member, requiring a strict watch to prevent vulgarisms and profanity. The spirit which takes hold of language, bears equally upon the habits and manners of man ; it takes cognizance of his life, in toto. His office is to watch and pray, and that continually. If he would be forgiven of his trespasses, he must first forgive those who trespass against him; if he would have others love, bless and do good to him, he must first love, bless and do good to them. Of others, it is not his province to judge; all men are known by the fruit of human life. Therefore we have before us a standard, a criterion simple and unclouded, whereby all may know how much they are in possession of the baptism of the spirit of Christ. And let him who is in sympathy with the evils of the present, adulterous generation, who fosters worldly relations and caters to self; who gives encouragement to the gross passions and animal desires of an uncircumcised heart, no more name the name of Christ, or look to Him for atonement, until he finds repentance, and submits to the payment of the utmost farthing, for every willful transgression against known light. A. Perkins, Enfield, N. H.