Which shall we worship—Person or Principles? Was Jesus a Shaker ? The people caMed Shakers do not confine their conduct of ¦i-ife within the circle of extreme self-denial, because any individual preceding them has chosen so to live; nor because any individual has taught self-denial as salvation. Their lives are the results of active principles, being thoroughly wrought out, regardless of who has declared them right, or who may proclaim them erroneous. If satisfactory results are reached, it is a matter of small consequence to us, whether John the Baptist failed, or Jesus succeeded. Among hero-worshippers, the Shakers will never be classed, for they are guided in their conduct by no man nor woman that ever lived; considering every man as good as Jesus, who lives as obediently to the Christ principles as he did ; and honoring, equally well with Mother Ann Lee, she who as thoroughly lives to righteousness and dies to sinfulness as did the founder of the Shaker fraternity. We believe in the multiplicity of Christs; are individually aiming to be Christs; and have full faith in the possibility of becoming as good as Jesus was, and as perfect as he is kj the heme cf his Father. We love the principles that made him the Anointed, or Christ; and believing that ' like causes produce like effects' in religious life, as truly as in worldly philosophy, we have clothed our lives with these principles, and are successfully achieving the regenerative, Christian trans* formation—and we find that it pays, to some five, t?o others ten, and to many one hundred-fold of superior joys to thos« it cuts off by self-denial. We call ourselves Christians, and rightfully too, because we have chosen as our pattern, the principles that made Jesus, the Christ—'the first-born of many brethren ' yet to be born; and not because of any personal attachment to the m-axi Jesus, for some particular act of courtesy on his part. Jesus never did us a personal favor that we know of; while the Spirit Christ has blessed him with salvation and redemption, and will do—is doing the same for us. This Spirit xoe worship; this Spirit is an emanation from our Father and Mother—God ! This same Spirit visited Ann Lee, and transformed her Gentile nature into Christian sainthood, the same as it had regenerated a Jewish disposition in Jesus, making it a pioneer in Chris- tianity ! We'love Jesus, for his faithfulness to principles he believed to be true ; for dying in their defense, rather than saving his physical and sensual life, which was in his power to do, by truculently proving false to the principles that wei-e his salvation; and faithfulness to which, will alone be the salvation of the race. -Had Jesus proved false to his commission, he would have merited our religious reprobation, as consistently as Benedict Arnold deserved political denunciation from the American people. The people of the United States mistakenly revere the name of George Washington-—it is to the principles that guided kirn, they mean to do political homage. Had Washington proved a traitor, the principles would have sought out another, who would have been the agent through whom freedom from political and religious thraldom would have been effected. While rational Christians will ever have cause for respecting Jesus, they will not be Christians because he became one, but because of their deep love for the principles by which he overcame the world; and through which, active principles they may all ' go and do likewise.' Were there any consistency in the theory of the vicarious atonement; if the blood of Jesus' physical body was any more powerful for salvation than that of any other being— Jew or Gentile—in this degree only, would we be warranted in substituting the person, for the heavenly principles of Christianity, in our devotional worship. The medicine which made Jesus, the Christ, is the panacea for all the ills the soul has inherited or may contract; and will make of eacti and all, Christs, as truly as Jesus became so, by their taking the same prescription —being obedient to the same beautiful, resurrecting principles. And until the fact (?) is make apparent, that Jesus took the medicine, and we are saved in consequence, let our standard of worship be the principles of a godly life, while the personalities who carry them out, come in for our secondary respect. Jesus, having carried out the soul-elevating principles of the Christ Spirit, became thereby the ensample by which others might learn of the principles, and how they can be successfully prosecuted for the redemption of human loss. As Jesus became a Christian by obedience to principles of the heavenly world, so we may safely take Jesus for our guide in making our Christian progres. By substituting the person for the true principles worthy of worship, the majority of mankind have become pro- fessional idolaters, forgetful, or indifferent of their duty as true Christians. They worship the man Jestis, while they hate the principles of self-denial by which he became the Christ! They worship the medium of the good Spirit operating two thousand years ago, 'while they are disgusted with the motive power that made that medium then, and similar mediums to-day ! That motive power was and is, the principles of Self-denial. They made Jesus what he became ; they have made the Shakers what they are; and will the lives of Jesus and the Shakers bear comparison ? Jesus was a Jew ; and, tinvisited by the progressive Christ, would have engaged in Jewish life, and followed Jewish customs. He would have married him a wife, or many of them, as was the practice. He abstained—he lived a virgin life. Herein, have the Shakers followed the guidance of the same principles. Has popular Christianity ? The Jews revelled in the bloody exploits of war1—Jesus refrained entirely from war—so have, and do the Shakers. Have popular Christians ? The Jews were emulous of each other in worldly honor and riches ,• Jesus, as a Jew, would have attempted to have been the richest, just as the majority of professional Christians do to-day; but he could not, while obedient to the Christ principle of equality. His counsels -on this subject were the very reverse -of Jewish customs, and of present popular Christianity. ' My Church has neither rich nor poor—all are equally comfortable,'' is the testimony of Jesus— 66 T II E SHAKEE was the practice of Jesus—and the Shakers engage in the same laudable enterprise. There has ever been wealth enough in the world to make all very comfortable rf and whoso indulges in the least extravagance, is amenable before the law of Christ, of robbing his neighbor and adding to the miseries of life ! Truly, it will be worth a journey to the Spirit land, to see the Dives and the Lazarus principles meet; to see the'kings and beggars; the tyrants and down-trodden ;. Bacchuses and Father Matthews ; libertines ami virgins, all presenting themselves for reward, 'according as their works have been.' And now, will Shaker testimony, principles and life, compare with the same that governed Jesus ? If so, was Jesus a Shaker ?Or, are the Shakers Christians ? In the degree that there is comparison between the principles of the Primitive Christian Church and the Modern Shaker Church, is not one as worthy of encomiums as the other? And yet, while millions are worshipping Jesus, they are as truly ignoring Christian principles ! And did Jesus live upon the earth to-day, preach the same gospel that ho did two thousand years ago, there would be a popular falling off of worshipful masks ; and if the times would not permit popular Christians to crucify him, as they would desire to do, he would be shunned and ridiculed by them, and as he walked the streets, fingers would rise, and tongues exclaim, ' There goes a Shaker! ' *