Time, its Records Thou precious boon to mortals given, A little space in which to learn— Probation is thy name in Heaven, Thou'rt fruitful with immortal germs. Whither dost thou flee forever? Say what freight thy moments bear ! From my soul What strong endeavor? What the deeds thou dost declare? None can stay thy rolling ages, None recall thy moments past; Deep engraven are thy pages, Fadeless are thy photographs: Life, the silent; tireless artist, On thy flying canvas lays Every changing scene, regardless % That the form so soon decays. O, thou viewless portrait taker; thy unerring pencil, df'atri The minutest act or feature, And records its secret cause ; Slaves and nobles, fools and sages, There behold their likeness cast j Time will soon unfurl its pages, Nothing perished but the mask. Spoken to the ear in closets, Or in deeds revealed to sight; Even though you've only mused them, There are blazing, wrong or right! Faithfully they stand recorded, Pleading at the angel court; And though never, never worded, Each shall make its true report. The revelations of physiology, phrenology and psychometry go to prove that every person carries his history with him, and that history is manifest in his actions, and stamps his features with unerring precision. ' A man is, what he does.' Every act of mind or body, open or secret, helps make each individual life, that is displayed in character. Each act records itself with a faint or deep impression, according to the nature and intensity of the impulse that prompts it. Behold the astronomer, gauging spacej and resolving the intricate mazes of planets, suns and systems—those mighty chroniclers of unnumbered cycles. He seems already to have entered eternity, and, in his contemplation of past and future, to gaze upon the eternal. Somewhat nearer, see the geologist, closely scanning the rocks, and drawing from the depths of the earth her secret records, extending back through countless ages, to primeval chaos. Nearer, still, we see history laid under contribution, and the exhumed monuments o1 buried races are made to testify to the past transactions and acquirements of the human family. Also the Bible, that venerated book and much abused record, is put upon trial, it doctrines canvassed and merits discussed, in this age of ages. Even that which has so long claimed the name and station of Christianity is brought to the bar and sharply interrogated; and we opine that, before the trial terminates, it will be found miserably wanting in ali the essential elements of pure Christianity—for, see i it does not save its votaries from sin 1 Its most sanctified teachers and professors confess themselves sinners, and believe it impossible to live without sin! What a sham Christianity is that which, instead of burning up iniquity, spreads a veil over it! All departments of human knowledge anc research seem to be undergoing a sifting or shaking process, by the power of the quickenec ntellect of the rade. If any believe these are not the external manifestations of the judgment day, will they believe that the spirit of jrogress is less active, less progressive in the spiritual than in the natural and intellectual slements of man's creation ? If the spirit of God operates among mankind ike wheels within wheels, the centre being much smaller and slower in movement than he circumference, may not attract so much attention, though it be the source, both of notion and power to those more external. People see a small body of Shakers, view their external organization and habits, and, perhaps, think them a strange curiosity— being, however, only as one tree surrounded by a forest, or as one block in a quarry, they are deemed remarkable for singularity, but otherwise of little consequence. Few stop to inquire why it is so, or what will come of it. Alter learning that Shakers hold a community of interests, that they are very neat, very honest, and do not marry, they care not to go much further. But why is it ? What induces free and intelligent people to associate together for the practice of principles so repugnant to the natural feelings and desires of the earthly man as are those of the Shakers' ? Wealth cannot be the motive, where all are upon a level, and distribution is made to each according to needs and circumstances, without reference to individual tastes and peculiarities, and where the surplus goes for the benefit of the needy, or unfortunate outside of the organization. The desire for a comfortable home cannot be the bond of union in so much voluntary restraint; neither can it be ignorance of themselves or of the world that keeps the Shakers together. What, then, is the secret bond of their union ? Who devised a plan so contrary to man's depraved nature ? Who sustains it ? And what is the purpose of its Author ? These are questions well worth the consideration of the seriously inclined. Alonzo Hollister, Mt. Lebanon