The American Shaker in London To the Editor of the Golden Age •¦ Your kind favor of the 27th of July is at hand. I have not received (but expect to in a day or two) The Golden Age. Indeed, many ' lovers of this kind,' have waited for that in the shadowy past, and 'obtained not the sight.' But thanks to time and the laws of progress, which, like those of gravitation, never relax their efforts, now is the desired consummation nearer than ever before. I am in London, England. I see, I hear, I observe, and u I keep up a terrible thinking.' Ninetysix years ago, a poor woman externally, but rich in the notice of the Heavens, was driven from these shores by the ' Church and State' ' beast ' to the wilderness of America, then in the Revolutionary struggle, which by the ' visions of God,' she declared would result in the establishment of a government that would let each person frame their own theology. And thanks to the yet-to-be-honored name of Thomas Paine, more than any other, that ' Golden Age ' idea was realized. And to-day I am in London, as the representative successor of this same woman ; and back of me are some seventy communities of people, who believe that she experienced the return to our earth of 'the Christ,' which first the Heathen Roman Church and State, and then the Christian Roman Church and State, crucified; and the latter a good deal more effectually than the former; for the ' saint ' who sins, serves the devil more acceptably than any 'sinner' can possibly do. So far as my mission has been known, England has said ' Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord! ' I have been most hospitably received and attentively listened unto. I began by announcing a meeting in Cleveland Hall, where the Spiritualists had held frequent meetings. The attendance was small, but increased at each succeeding call, until I decided to give all who wished to hear and see a Shaker, an opportunity to do so, by engaging St. George's Hall, and inviting Hepworth Dixon to occupy the chair. But I sadly miscalculated the slow, unexcitable, and unfanatical English mind, as not more than a third of the people who came could get into the hall. Those who did fill it, were of the ' better classes,' to use an Englishism. As tickets had been sent to some two hundred M.Ps. and sixty editors, we had a corps of reporters. And among them all, the Times did itself the honor to make the fairest report ; and much to my surprise, the Thunderer has taken the lead in welcoming ' the Shaker,' saying that ' it was an opportunity not to be lost, to hear an authentic exposition of Shakerism.' The result is that I am literally overwhelmed with visitors, invitations to lecture, and applications to go home with me to 'Zion.' My impressions, while in my quiet mountain home, of the state of England, is realized to the letter. Politically, as well as geographically, there is only ' the Channel ' between England and Prance. The plethora of population is felt by everybody. ' There are too many of us,' is the common expression. Yesterday I received an invitation to deliver an address before the Co-operative Emigration Society ; I have spoken before ' The Temperance League;' the Woman Suffrage people are especially favorable to an Order, founded by a woman, claiming that God, being dual, the Government of the Universe itself is equally masculine and feminine ; and that it ought to be the type and pattern of all human governments, from that of the household of nature to ' the household of faith,' with its ' father and mother and brethren and sisters,' having their houses and lands1 m common. The Peace advocates find coadjutors in Shakers; and in proposing (as you will see by the report of my St. George's Hall speech, which I send you, I have done), that the English people put their governmental machinery into the hands of the Quakers, who 'marry and are given in marriage' (as we have turned our Indian government over to them), I have put the ' dead body ' of the Quakers on their feet again, and would give them something to keep them alive. And inasmuch as this government, in the society, is dual, and they are practically acquainted with the rights and capabilities of woman, who thus, ' by reason of use,' have their managing abilities developed, let the Quaker men take possession of the House of Commons and the Quaker women have the House of Lords. This will begin the millennium. The reign of 'peace on earth ' would commence by disbanding the army and navy, and' breaking up the whole military System. The people would soon be the owners of the soil; poverty be banished; 'the social evil' be no more an eye-sore, and a cancer on the vitals of the nation. The national debt would be paid and cancelled; and one nation would actualize the visions of the seers; and the words of promise spoken by 'all the prophets since the world began,' would be no longer vain visions, or hope deferred, which has made the heart of humanity sick; but hope would have its fruition in a just, peaceful, and happy people; and the co-existence of the resurrection, or Shaker Order of celibacy, would hold in check, and balance the principle of population. F. W. Evans London, August 11th, 1871