Physical Improvement It is not a question, but a settled fact, that physical culture and improvement should go hand in hand with spiritual progression. It is uphill work to be good Christians, unless we learn to live rightly, physically, and obey the laws of life and health. A sound mind in a healthy body is the best condition in which to lire out the true principles of Christianity, and enable us to do the greatest amount of good, spiritually and physicallyLet us set about the work more earnestly, to correct all the wrong habits of life. Let us learn to take care of our health, keep the digestive organs in good order, being careful not to overtax them. Our food should be healthful, and healthfully prepared; we should eat our food slowly, with thankful hearts and cheerful spirits. There is much said and done to suppress the sin of intemperance in alcoholic drinks, while the great sin of gluttony is winked at; and who is wise enough to tell which is the more deplorable, the more effectual in breaking down the constitution, benumbing the senses, depressing the spirits, and unfitting people for active duty ? The Shakers have made some efforts to reform and over- come the wrong habits of life; they have gained some victories, but have more yet to gain. 'Would it not be well for some to speak through The Shaker in regard to these matters ? Let the testimony go forth, both to Shakers, and to others who have ideas that need to be shaken. Those living in the order of nature, in the marriage state, should so live as to produce healthy offspring; such as will make good Shakers. The world stands in need of more Shakers, to act as a balancing power ; to keep in check the increasing tide of human depravity. It is for the world's interest to have more good Shakers on the earth. Then, let all be awakened to feel the need of coming up higher ; of living holier and practicing more self-denial; and let all who feel that they are able to bear the Shaker cross and live the life, be Shakers. Wm. H. Wetherbee, Shirley, Mass.