Life in God Men are hunting for God, seriously looking after a physical being who will compare with their pre-conceived opinions of a Supreme Being; by continuing the search, they will certainly come up somewhere, perhaps among the ancient Egyptians, Greeks, or Romans, for they had gods many. The holy Saviour said, 'God is spirit, and they that worship him must worship in spirit.' Again, ' no man hath seen God at any time,' for the simple reason that he cannot be seen by the natural eye. We may see and feel the agency of God in our fellow beings, where he is manifest for salvation; we judge of good men, who are intellectually enlightened, by their actions— those who see, know, speak, and act the truth. God is truth. Every work of God is founded on truth, and the continued growth in truth is a positive test that the work is divine; the man of God is thus manifested to the world. In the Lord Jesus was God manifest in flesh or humanity; so in his faithful followers, the apostles, and thus in every pious man or woman in his or her degree. God is justice, and is manifested in every just person, whose life is a continued exemplification of the divine attribute. God is love, and whenever and wherever love flows into our souls direct, it is God, and from the brethren and sisters, it is God flowing through his children to each other—in fact, love is the permeating and pervading, and alluniting bond of the universe. God is wisdom, as seen in all his plans and works; for the 'universe of organized mind and matter is planned and executed with the most consummate skill and intelligence. God is power, the motive power of the worlds without end; this force of the Almighty is continually in operation, carrying forward the universal machinery; without this infinite and continued propelling force, the whole would cease action. Growth, of every description, comes under 88 THE SHAKER. the same supervision and law of love, in the development and maturation of all plants, and their continuation and perfection by the immutable'laws of increase. To sum up, the whole, both animate and inanimate, the plan, the execution, and continuation of the vast expanse, all are of our Heavenly Parents! It will not do to talk of inherent principles, for principles are only the emanations of the Godhead, and of themselves they are simply a nullity — without the creative Original, a blank. If man is carelessly curious to see God, and will not be satisfied to believe that he is, because of his intangibility, as an ocular demonstration, let us ask him to make some experiments on himself. He is moved by spirit or intelligence; has he ever had ocular demonstration of his own powers of thought ? Can he inform us of the mode, of the wonderful working of the machinery in the production of his ideas, and his continuous faculties on the complications of mind and matter ? Man is said to be a microcosm of the world, of the solar system, and of the universe. In him there is a center, or focus of thought; the whole body is moved and controlled by the nerves connected with the power of thought, and extending to the extremities of the animal machinery. Also, the mind has the power of self-control; the whole economy of body and mind is moved by the central controlling influence—intelligence and love. Looking at the solar system, we see the sun himself, with his deputed power, in the center of the dependent orbs, controlling and carrying them with him in his unceasing cycles; this system is in concatenation with another, and it again has its joining; and so, by analogy the whole universe is joined to the Empyrean of the Eternal; the center—the God-home of intelligence and love! Around this eternal center—the Empyrean— revolve the whole universe of mind and matter, and from this inexhaustible source radiate law, life, love, and intelligence to the whole creation. God governs the universe of matter by fixed and inherent laws; the universe of mind by agency of ministering spirits. And if we may be allowed and permitted the figure of speech, by way of illustration: to the Empyreal battery are connected all the ethereal telegraph wires which send the divine intelligence to the innumerable hosts of intelligent beings, from the highest archangel down through the conjoined precincts, with their kingdoms and families^ to our earth, peradventure, near the very verge of intelligence. Wm. Redmon