Hampton Logic In order that a religious superstructure or organization may be eternal in duration, its foundations must be deeply laid in a substratum of Eternal Truth. In accordance with this proposition, I propose to show that we, as a Church of Believers in Christ's first and second appearing, are based upon an immutable and steadfast foundation, impregnable to any assault, so long as we ourselves continue to build thereon ; conferring upon each faithful builder complete immunity from sorrow and danger, and, finally, placing such in a condition of sinless perfection, completely saving all souls, in all worlds, who are obedient to its practical suggestions : 1. The highest wisdom possible to be brought to bear on human weal must be embraced in that plan only, which, in its practical results, will secure the greatest good to the greatest number. 2. Again, this wisdom can reach and benefit man only through the agency of a universal law—that the less is and must be blest of the better. In other words, those possessing a measure of wisdom, goodness and perfection, must reach higher degrees of these through the agency of those possessing a greater amount of wisdom, goodness, etc., or remain forever where they are. Now, if our system of religious life can be proved to stand upon these two immutable principles, it is safe for all time and eternity. Let us see: I remark then, first, that we are organized on the plan of the Pentecostal Church of Jesus ; that is to say, we have all things mi common, none being permitted to consider or to call aught that he holds his own, tut distribution made as each has need. We are equally conditioned according to our several needs and circumstances relative to labor and clothes—equal in facilities for intellectual improfement, and equal in all the gifts, graces and consolations of the Holy Spirit. And, moreover, the sexes are equal in regard to the distribution of powers, privileges, responsibilities and offices, in the administration of the government of our organization, in things temporal and spiritual. Is not our organization, on this principle, the only one capable of securing the greatest good to the greatest number; at least the best that can be devised for man, during his abode on this earth ? A society or organization based on these principles is manipulated with undeviating reference to that great law of the universe, by which 'the less is blest of the better.' And here, it seems to me, is the point in which the Religious System, based on the foregoing principles, pre-eminently lays legitimate claim to a foundation firm as the everlasting hills. Every individual of Christ's true Church, from the least child to the highest officer, is mediately superintended and cared for by all the orders and spheres of the heavens who are farther progressed than he is; and superintended immediately by an order of persons supposed to be sufficiently in advance of him to subserve his every purpose for protection, and salvation from sin, as well as for growth in grace and holiness I NoWy this Divine Arrangement does not terminate in the highest representatives thereof here on the earth, but is continued through many orders, reaching, in its sublime gyrations, our Mother Ann and Jesus our Father, then their direct ministering angels and intelligences, etc., passing on through myriads on myriads of heavenly orders of spirits; intact passing into a boundless infinitude of arrangement whose end is nowhere. If this sublime system of agency terminated at the highest point reached here in time, how could we Be linked to the great battery of heaven, so as to receive its magnetic influence, and through that, our power to progress ? We have better assurances. This connecting, transmitting claim of agency passes beyond the gateway of death, and on through sphere after sphere and order after order of heavenly intelligences, even ad ivjinitum. Jesus and Ann are only heavenly links in the great chain or concatenation of agencies, through which the magnetisms and powers of progress are transmitted to all below them, for the purposes of spirit culture in holiness, and every good and! perfect gift. That there is no end to this series of agencies, I think I have the best of reasons for believing, viewing the subject from philosophical and logical points. Besides, I have trie testimony of one who declared, ' there was no end to the heavens,' when interrogated upon the subject of the different orders therein. Then the query arises, where is the great center of this magnetic influence, permeating every part of the universe, and moving by grand and sublime pulsations through the countless heavens, and earths, which ' roll in the depths of immensity i' I answeT: Where there is no circumference there can be no center ; consequently this Divine influence is distributed wherever the visible or invisible machinery is found for its transmission in the whole concatenation of individualized intelligences throughout the universe. The direction of this power of the All Father and All Mother is forever toward higher and higher degrees of perfection iff goodness and intclligenee, fro-m lower and? more imperfect conditions. It may he asked : 'Do you not, by this argument, destroy the theory of a personal God outside of and independent of the universe of forms and forces ? Answering this question indirectly, we think we furnish a ' local habitation and a name' for the Father and Mother God, more consistent than any other theory can develop; and indeed any other theory or ascription of personality to God, will not bear the rigid scrutiny of logic or common sense for a moment; so at least it seems to the writer. The universe then is the home of our Father and Mother, and all progressive manifestations are the results of their influence and presence. This must be so, for if the universe of mind and matter is boundless and infinite, no God can be predicated as having a separate, personal existence outside of it, because there is no outside, and, consequently, no room for such existence. Again, if the universe is peopled by infinite myriads of entities and individual intelligences, and the Father and Mother spirit permeate and abide in these, what need of a separate, incomprehensible abode outside of all these, or if these are infinite in extent, which is Ann Lee's testimony, what room, as before stated, m left for this separate abode? Whefl we pray, we pray to all the hosts' of heaven, even the myriads of individualized intelligences embracing the entire universe who are greater, holier and more perfect than ourselves; through these we reach the heavenly Father and Mother, who reside in this multinomial series as a sublime whole. Is not thispraying to the All Father and Mother in their entirety, as far as we can nave any intelligent comprehension of that entirety ? ' But in this view is implied the great law of the universe, that ' the less is blest of the better,' and through this, that other condition, the plan by which the greatest good is secured to the greatest number. Millions of purposes are subserved through the medium of this arrangement, having for their object the best and highest results in the evolution of all things toward perfection. Among these benevolent purposes 84 THE SHAKEE. 85 and intents, the eternal progress of man in intelligence, and greater and greater degrees of goodness and consequent salvation and happiness, stand pre-eminent. Jesus being the most holy, as well as the most intelligent organizer of which we have any history, and Mother Ann Lee having organized her Church precisely after Jesus' model, and both being based upon the two eternal laws of the universe (above stated), therefore it would seem to be proved that the foundation of the Church of Christ's second appearing is sure, steadfast, eternal, one upon which we may forever build in safety, passing on from grace to grace and from glory to glory forever, evolving from age to age higher degrees of intelligence, goodness and felicity during all the endless ages of the interminable future. O. C. Hampton