Extremes That one extreme produces another, is a truism. Dogmatic theology ' demands absolute, unswerving submission from the human mind. Doubt is sin ; unbelief is damnation.' The other extreme—simple materialism—rests upon the axiom that religious (ars well as every other) belief is the result of evidence; that unbelief, in any proposition, arises from the want of proof—demonstration. All children are materialists; and if, as they grow to puberty, they would never profess to believe what they do not understand, it would *' save' them from hypocrisy, and cause their teachers to reason, not to threaten. They would not then, as now, ' affirm things whereof they know not.'' ' Come now, and let us reason together, $aith the Lord i' Why do not the clergy, who profess to be his ambassadors, pass the invitation down to the people ? Simply because their dogmas are unreasonable, or, as they (in phrase polite) express it, ' above reason;' and every man and woman ought to be ' above' fretending to believe them as an act of the wiU^ a thing impossible. Let any one try to believe that his mortal body, when laid six feet deep in the ground, will do anything but decompose, as would the body of a horse, ' for both go to one place—the earth ; and as dieth the one, so dieth the other,' as decayeth the one, so deeayeth the other. Then let him try to disbelieve that a grape-vine, anywhere within twenty feet thereof, will send its roots thereto, to make that human body into grapes. Or, let him try to doubt the additional fact that some mischievous boys, or busy girls, will incorporate those grapes into their living bodies, and give some to their friends, thus utterly subverting the absurd doctrine of a physical resurrection by proving that men and women, in more ways than one, are continually ' eating one another.' He is a ' fool, who saith, in his heart, There is no God,' and equally a fool is he who saith with his tongue, ' There is a God,' wlfen he knows it not with his under- standing, and ('in his heart') does not believe it. I honor, as honest men or women, those who are just what ' they seem to be, and who profess and seem to be just what they are.' Do they believe simply in external matter — the object of their external senses ? Let them honestly declare, ' I am a materialist! and what I do believe all human beings belitve!' materialism being rudimentary to the race. Who knows when Spiritualism, as an idea, first enters the brain ? and when endless life and immortality (which are the same thing) come into the understanding, as a light shining in a dark place, making things visible which (before) were ' not seen?' I love the frank simplicity of soul that enables one to say, I have done wrong; I have been mistaken; or, ' I do not know.' Teach me, and I shall be instructed ; turn me, and I shall be turned ; convince me, and *'lead me in the way everlasting.' That is true nobility! Cannot you convert me by your good words ? then confound me by your good works, so shall I believe for your ' very works' sake,' inasmuch as, by the superior fruits of the spiritually religious Believers in Christ's second advent, all men and women shall distinguish, or ' know,' them from the innumerable sects who, though naming the name of Christianity, do not depart from selfishness, nor do they love one another into a religious Community. F. W. E.