To the Juvenile Class Childhood, Youth, Manhood, and Old Jlge are analogous to the seasons. The human leart represents the soil. Childhood is the spring time of life. Then is the proper time ;o prepare the mind and heart to receive the seeds of truth, such as Honesty, Chastity, Meekness and Love. The heart, like the earth, contains seeds or germs that would grow spon- taneously and bring forth fruit; but an enemy tias infused poison into the soil, and sowed seeds there that are not pure and good, and, if [eft to grow,would produce wild and bitter fruit, if not decidedly poisonous, and they are unworthy to occupy a place in such a beautiful garden as the human heart should be. Hence the necessity for commencing early to plow deep, that we may upturn the soil and destroy any vile weed that may already have taken root there. Some young persons cling with great tenacity to those plants which spring spontaneously from the heart, because they are pleasant to the eye and sweet to the taste, and are not very bad. But, if wise, we shall seek the best—the very best. There is only so much soil, and we can ill-afford space, even for the indifferent. If young minds would only decide upon one point, i. e., that they will always relinquish the inferior for the superior, and welcome the hand of the cultivator to pass over them, and pluck up and cut down everything but the useful and the good, then, through the medium and by the help of those instruments which the great Husbandman of souls has provided, together with the action of the spiritual and divine elements, wind, rain, dews and sunshine, every good plant will flourish and grow, and yield its increase a hundred fold. And, like the industrious tiller of the material soil, such will gather with a prudent hand all the choice fruits in their season—natural and spiritual truths—in science and religion, and store the mind with all useful knowledge pertaining to the life that is. present and future, and cause the reason and conscience tp be coworkers in gathering all that is virtuous, good, and true into the mind and heart. And when spring, summer and autumn have passed, and the infirmities of age creep upon them, they will be able to wrap themselves in a mantle of truth which they have woven, and feast upon the fruits of their labors, until an angel messenger is sent with his chariot to convey their spirits home. Then they can lie down upon their couch and be gathered in peace to their spiritual fathers and mothers, to feast upon the fruits of their toil in the bright summer land, where the wintry winds can never reach them more. The change from the terrestrial to the celestial spheres will be a source of joy, not of sorrow and sadness, to those who have wellperformed all the duties pertaining to the rudi- mentary sphere of existence. The death-sting is taken awajr, and the grave can have no victory over the heart where nought but true plants have been cultivated, and which wil continue their growTth, and bear fruit in the immortal land. Love-angels stand ready to extend the hand of welcome to such, and to offer the meed 'well done, enter 'into rest.' But rest does not imply inaction. Thehighesi order of angels work. An approving conscience m reference to the past will stimulate to future action in the life and real home of the soul, which is beyond the shadowy vale of time. My young friends, you are now in the springtime of life. What is to be your future course of action ? Will you seek to satisfy the emotional feelings which so often crave present pleasure, at the expense of principle, and thus produce the wild flowers and plants of nature at the expense of the good and the true— blight the finer feelings, and desecrate the soil of your hearts ? Or, will you choose the better part, and cultivate in your hearts innocence, purity, child-like simplicity, and every other virtue that will fit you to be companions of angels in spheres above ? In the celestial garden, immortal flowers are blooming of the fairest, richest hue, and they send forth a sweet perfume. It is the work of the angels. They sow, and they reap what they sow. They plant vineyards, and eat the fruit of the vine. The blight, nor the cankerworm does not reach that clime, for there law is not broken, and sin is not known.