Charity Charity has been defined to be a principle which leads us to make use of the best means to bring about the best results. St. Paul said that ' charity rejoicethin the truth.' All the Christian virtues and graces, which adorn the character of the good, harmonize; they never are antagc-nistical. If ' charity rejoiceth in the truth,' it also rejoices in justice and righteousness, as well as in mercy and kindness; and as all these harmonize, the greatest charity to any soul is to hold it to strict justice, and not to indulge it in any wrong, because, ' he that doeth wrong shall suffer for the wrong he doeth,' Indulgence, instead of being charity, is injustice and wrong to the very individual to whom it is extended, and in a social point of view, indulgence to one is injustice to the whole community. This individual indulgence being intrinsically unjust, it can never promote harmony, peace, nor righteousness in any society where it exists. Indulgence is exceedingly prone to assume the name and garb of charity, and, under this false color, often deceives and has sometimes ruined very good men. The oft-repeated maxim, that ' it is better to err on the part of charity, than do otherwise,' is losing its effect, and, with some, has become entirely obsolete, and not without good reasons. To make this subject plain to the understanding, we will give some brief illustrations: We remember to have read of a millionaire in France who, out of charity, undertook to support all the poor in a large district, and by his profuse liberality ultimately spent his immense fortune. Although his funds were exhausted, he still felt it his duty to support all the poor within his reach, indiscriminately, and, finding no other resource, he took to highway robbery ! In this he was for a time very successful. Several heavy robberies were committed in the neighborhood, but no one for a moment mistrusted the good philanthropist. At length he waylaid a priest, who was carrying a large sum collected to build a cathedral, and he murdered the priest and got the money ! All these sums were freely appropriated to feed his poor. This good philanthropist was at length caught in the very act of robbery, to the'surprise of everybody. He was brought to trial, pronounced guilty, and condemned to be hung I When the judge pronounced his sentence, he only replied, ' Alas ! who will take care of my poor!' Thus, we see that erring on the part of charity proted the utter ruin and destruction of this man, and it will of every individual family, or whole community, who persist, perseveringly to err on the part of this kind of charity, at the expense of justice, righteousness, and without regard to £ne moral character of its objects. Thus, we see one great theme seemed to hare taken possession of this man's mind, so as to overshadow all idea of justice, and even to conceal the horrid crime of murder! Has there not been something like this transacted among Believers, only difFering in degree, but not in nature ? Have there not been some unprincipled, dishonest creatures indulged, andsuffered to trample on and outrage the feelings and faith of all the more faithful part of community, under the plausible pretext of extending charity to the poor? Thus, the innocent and worthy members of community are imposed upon, and robbed of their just rights, and their confidence and better feelings crushed, murdered, for the sake of indulging some lazy, shiftless, self-willed unworthy individuals; all done by erring on the part of charity, when great injustice is done to all parties. To illustrate this subject further, we will make an extract from the Westminster Review: ' Victor Hugo, of France, tells us of a very philanthropic bishop, who spent all his wealth and revenue on the poor—gave up his palace to be iised as a hospital, and lived in a small cottage. He had no furniture but of the plainest kind ; nothing that indicated wealth, except a set of massive silver plate, which, as an heirloom, had descended to him by legacy. This he would display on his table when he had guests. On a certain occasion, a desperate convict, who had served several terms in the penitentiary, amounting to nineteen years, called on the good bishop, soon after he had served the last term. ' The convict made S clean breast, and introduced himself in his true colors, as an outcast, and spumed by mankind. To his astonishment, the good bishop did not appear shocked, but looked upon him with kindness. The convict repeated the terrible factT and, in proof, showed the passport given him on leaving the prison. The good bishop still smiled on him, and invited him to partake of food and lodging. Supper being prepared, and the silver plate paraded on the table in honor of the guest, they sat down and ate together. The convict eyed the silver plate and two massive silver candlesticks. The bishop was all goodness and loving-kindness toward the stranger—the convict carefully watched where the servant put the silver plate, and was finally conducted to bed by the good bishop. ' In the dead of night the convict awakes, and makes his way to the place of deposit and grasps the plate—all but the candlesticks, which he could not readily find, goes back to his chamber, and escapes through the window. The next day he was arrested by the police, and brought back to the good bishop, with his 9*2 THE SHA.KKR. 98 stolen plate, and the bishop, in the deep charity of his soul, told the policeman that the said convict was his friend, and that he had given the plate to him ! The zealous policeman, mortified at his mistake, immediately withdrew. The bishop turned to the convict, and quietly presented him with the silver candlesticks, which the robber had omitted to take with the plate, an I, laying his hand on the man's arm, said : ' My brother, you belong no more to evil, but to good. It is your soul that I now purchase of you; I withdraw it from the spirit of perdition and give it to God !' The convict departed with his booty, and that very day committed another robbery!' Says the Review : ' The prominent feature is an unbounded benevolence, before which every other consideration, even justice, as well as prudence, gives way. This is particularly displayed in the last scene in which he appears before us, when, in order to extricate the robber from the hands of the police, he dismissed the latter with a falsehood, thus sacrificing truth itself to the benevolent purpose of accomplishing the convict's conversion, and saving him from his just deserts. Would it not be better for spiritual teachers to feed and stimulate the minds of their flocks with a desire for spiritual improvement, and a spirit of obedience, instead of encouraging, by undue and perilous indulgence, that which is at once a cause and symptom of mental degeneration ?' We will now make the application, and close the subject. Have we not seen something like this in the course of our experience ? How many there are who, if they have not stolen directly, have unjustly spent the ' silver plate,' and, after all, have been presented with the ' silver candlesticks,' too ! And how many of these unjustly-treated ones have ever reformed, and their ' souls thereby redeemed and purchased to God ?' Have we not failed as utterly as did the good bishop ? And hava we not, by thus giving away our ' candlesticks,' let our candles go with them, and thus gradually been left in darkness ? Consequently, are there not some among us who will have to exclaim, in the language of the foolish virgins to their more honored, faithful brethren and sisters l ' Alas! give us of your oil, for our lamps are gone out ?' so that they are left in the dark, and are scarcely able to ' discern between the righteous and the wicked, between him that serveth God, and him that serveth Him not ?' When charity, the greatest of three distinguished virtues, is made tributary to crime, and subservient to vice, then it is that we have arrived at a point beyond which charity ceases to be a virtue. The same may be said of true Christian forgiveness, for they are inseparabty connected, and we cannot be in the exercise of one without being in possession of the other. The true ground of Christian charity and for- giveness is always on conditions ; thus, ' if thy brother trespass against thee, rebuke him; and if he repent, forgive him.' Here is the foundation of true charity and forgiveness, but be sure that his repentance is genuine, and not feigned. A brother is not a reprobate. If his repentance is genuine, he wrill be willing to suffer the just penalty due to his transgressions, and not to complain of the innocent because they withhold their sympathy. How was it with Jesus, our Elder Brother, when speaking of the baptism of sufferings through which he must pass, in order to find his redemption from that fallen nature which he took upon him, and when Peter began to sympathise with him, and said, ' this shall never be unto thee, Lord ?' Why, Jesus rebuked that false spirit of sympathy in Peter, and said s 'Get behind me, Satan ! for thou savorest not of the things that be of God, but of men.' How was it with Mother Ann, our first-born Elder Sister, when she was suffering the just penalty due a fallen nature ? Did she complain of the innocent for their want of sympathy ? Never! She sought rather to hide herself, ' lest some should pity her with a pity which God did not.' Let us go and do likewise, and then sympathy will flow spon- taneously. Jas. S. Prescott