Resurrection of the Bead The following literal translation of, and observations upon, the XV Chap, of St. Paul's First Epistle to the Corinthians, v. 35 to 52, are presented in the hope that they may ren- der this difficult passage more intelligible to the ordinary reader than it is at present. Several reasons combine to make this portion of scripture hard to be understood. The trans- lators of the New Testament did not understand St. Paul's meaning; and, even if they had, it would require, for the reader to understand the words, an amount of spiritual intel- ligence which few possess. But the persons to whom St. Paul was writing, though in some respects enlightened, were not sufficiently advanced to comprehend his meaning: therefore, St. Paul had to give a portion of his own light to them in the best manner he could. This has, naturally, produced a mingling of spiritual truth and figures which must be \ery con- fusing to the unenlightened reader. We must bear in mind that the early apostles' great difficulty was to give the Gentiles a real belief in a future existence. Lastly, the apostle himself, though far superior in spiritual light to most of his contemporaries, and though his spiritual perceptions were much opened, had not himself the full light, which was reserved for the future. In the first part of the chapter the apostle labors to convince the Corinthians that there is a resurrection from sin in this life, and a life after the death of the body. He uses the appearance of Jesus to himself and others, as a means of enlightening their darkened minds. But, that the real meaning refers to spiritual life, is evident from the expression, ' ye are yet in your sins.' Then he explains, that not only is there a spiritual life while on this earth, but a life hereafter. If there were not a future life, why run hourly risk of misery in this ? he asks : UTEBAL TRANSLATIN. Y.. 35. '• But some one will say : ' How are the dead raised ? and with what body do. they come ? 36. O. Ssenseless! that which thou sowest will not produce, except it die.*' EXPLANATIONS. Some one will ask the question : •¦ What kind of bodies have the dead?' Paul answers: 'As the husk of the seed dies, and another body springs from the life principle in the seed.' lie continues : ' We do not sow (he fruit, but grain of various kinds, and 37. '' And as to that which thou sowest, thou sowest not the body that is about to be, but the bare kernel, as it may happen, of wheat or of some of the other kinds (of grain).' 38. '¦ And God will give it a body as he willed, and kinds of fruit, to each (kind) of the seeds its own body.' 39. ' All flesh (is) not the same llesh ; but (there is) one tlesh of men, another flesh of beasts, another of fishes, another of birds.' 40. ' And (there are) bodies heavenly, and bodies earthly ; but the glory of the heavenly (is) one, and the glory of the earthly another.' 41. '• The glory of the sun (is) one. and the glory of the moon one, and the glory of the stars one; for star differs from star in glory. God gives the several He continues to enforce the same idea by another simple illustration, varying kinds of animals. Now he carries the idea farther : There are heavenly bodies as well as earthly, and the glory of the heavenly differs from the glory of the earthly. Illustration of the foregoing, the difference be- tween the heavenly bodies. 42. ' And thus (is) the reITe comes to the subject snrrection of the dead ; of wliich the foregoing is (the man) is sown in corillustrative: The resur- ruptiou, is raised in inrection of the dead is just corruption; the same ; the man is 43. ' Is sown in dishonor, sown in corruption, but is rai'ssd in glory; is tlie legitimate fruit oi' that .sown in weakness, is man is an incorruptible raised in power; spirit. 44. ' Is sown a soul body, Thy man is sown, posis raised a spiritual sessed of a soul, but rebody : there is a soul generated or raised ; liis body and there is a spirit is evolved and be- spiritual body. comes his actual body: for the soul has a form or body and Ihe spirit has a form or body. ' I'snchiIcon ' means ' soul,' as an adjective, and cannot, in reason, be contorted into any thing else; ' phnsikon' is physical or natural. 45. 'And thus it is writ- The lirst Adam had a ten: The first man a soul, existing, indeed, Adam was produced inbut capable of giving life to a living soul ; the last to no other; the last Adam man Adam into a lifeis a spirit able to give life giving spirit. to others .¦ i. e., the first is retreating from Deity, the latter is advancing toward Deity. 46. 'But not first (is) the The soul is first generspiritual, but the soul atcd. the spirit is subse(prineiple); afterwards, quently ev lved. the spiritual. 47. ' The lirst man (is) of the earth, earthy ; the second man (is) the Lord from heaven. 48. ' Like the earthy (are) the earthy; and like the heavenly (are) also the heavenly. 49. 'And as we bore the likeness of the earthy, we shall bear the likeness of the heavenly. 50. ' This I say, brethren, To prevent the possibilithat flesh and blood are ty of mistake, he says that not able to share the our physical bodies will kingdom of God. nor not rise. does corruption share incorruption. 51. 'Behold, I declare tinThe spirit of this proto you a mystery: All phecy is now fulfilled ; no of us shall not die. but doubt the.ehange that the we shall all be changed: Apostle speaks of has 51. ' In a moment, in the been experienced by them winking of an eye, in in the spirit land ; and the last trumpet '[for it many dead are now being shall sound], both the raised within the sound dead shall be raised inof the last trumpet; but corruptible and we shall like all the early Chrisbe changed.' tians he expected the change too soon, and manifestly expected that both the' change of the living, or spiritually enlightened, and the raising of the dead, in sin, would be much more rapid than it is in reality. He has doubtless found by this time that nothing is gained without effort. Note.—Words inclosed thus ( ) are omitted in the Greek. Words inclosed thus [ ] are bracketed in the Greek, Thomas I. Stroud, Enfield, Conn.