Answer To 'Lines by Charlotte Cushman.' We are indeed the things we seem to be, Of earth, and from its iron influence free ; For we are they, or halt, or lame, or dumb, ' On whom the ends of this vain world are come.' We have outlived those day-dreams of the mind— Those flattering phantoms, which so many bind. All man made creeds (' your faith's sustaining lever,') We have forsaken, and have left forever! To plainly tell the truth, we do not rue The sober, godly course that we pursue ; But 'tis not we. who live the dronish lives, But those who have their husbands or their wives ! But if by drones you mean they 're lazy men, Charlotte Cushman, take it back again ; For one with half an eye, or half a mind, Can there see industry and wealth combin'd. Your visit must have been exceeding short, Or else vour brain is of the shallow sort. 8 THE SHAKER. If camps and councils—soldiers, ' fields of fame,' Or ye!;, a peoples praise or a people's blame, la ail that gives the sage or bard his name, We can ' forego the strife, nor own our shame.' What great temptations you hold up to view For men of sense or reason to pursue! The praise of mortals !—what can it avail, When all their boasted language has to fail ? ' And sorrow has not scored with demon hand, Xor o'er our hopes pass'd Treachery's burning brand;' But where the sorrows and where treachery are, I think may easily be made appear. In ' bridal scenes,' in ' banquets and in bowers ' !— •Mid revelry and variegated flowers, Is where our mother Eve first felt their powers. The'''bridal scene,' -you say,we'd'grace right well' !!t ' Lang; syne ' there our first parents blindly fell!— The bridal scene !—Is this your end or aim ? ' And can you this pursue '• nor own your shame? ' If so, vxaic, pithy, superficial thing, Drink, silent drink, the sick Ilymenial spring. The bridal scene ! the banquet or the bowers, Or ' woman's [bed of thorns, or] path of flowers,' Can:t all persuade our souls to turn aside To live in filthy lust or cruel pride. Alas ! Your path of flowers will disappear, Even now a thousand thorns are pointing near; Ah, here you iind base ' treachery's burning' brand,' And sorrows score the heart, nor spare the hand. But here ' Beauty 's sovereign,' so say you, A thingthat in one hour may lose its hue, It lies upon the surface of the skin— Aye. Beauty's self was never worth a pin; But still it suits the superficial mind— The slight observer of the human kind ; . The airy, fleety, vain, and hollow thing. That only feeds on wily flattering. ' Man owns its powers?'—and what will man not own To gain his end, to captivate, dethrone ? The truth is this, whatever he may feign. You'll find your greatest loss his greatest gain ; For like the bee he will improve the hour. And all day long he 11 buzz from flow'r to flow'r, And when he sips the sweetness all away, For aught he cares the flowers may all decay. But here each other's virtues we partake, Where men and women all those ills forsake; True virtue spreads her bright Angelic wing. While saints and seraphs praise the Almighty King. And when the matter 's rightly understood, You '11 find we labor for each other's good; And this, Charlotte Cushman, is our aim, ' Can you forego this strife, nor own your shame? ' Now if you would receive a modest hint, You'd keep your name at least, from public print, Nor have it hoisted, handled round and round, And echoed o'er the earth from mound to mound. As the great advocate of (O, the name !) Now can you tliink of this, nor ' own your shame ? ' But Charlotte, learn to take a deeper view Of what your neighbors say, or neighbors do ; And when some flattering knaves around you tread. Just think of what a SHAKER GIRL has said. S. E