BIOGRAPHICAL. Ann Lee Ann Lee was the daughter of John Lee, of Manchester, Eng. She was born Feb. 29, 1736. Her father was a blacksmith; and though poor, was known to be respectable in character, moral in principle, honest and punctual in his dealings, and in his business, very industrious. Her mother was noted for her piety. As was common with the children of the poor in manufacturing towns, Ann was early taught to work, but never attended any school; she thus acquired a habit of industry, but was entirely ignorant of letters. From being an emplo}ree in a cotton factory, she became a cutter of hatter's fur; and was a faithful, prudent cook in the Manchester Infirmary for some time. There was discovered in her childhood, a bright, sagacious mind, bordering on precocity ; with a seriousness that never permitted her to engage in the plays of her juvenile companions ; while the}r played, she retired, and held converse with the inhabitants of the angel-land. As she arrived at maturing womanhood—at that age which commonly engulfs all thoughts of spirituality, and calls for action in the sphere of the marital and sensual—Ann was impressed with the odiousness of sin, and the depravity of humanity, in its longings to transcend the laws of nature, given for the multiplication of the raee; and so abhorrent did these snares of sin appear to her soul, that she resolved never to marry. But nature in her, prone to the earthly, demanded indulgence; and, contrary to the teachings of her earlier visions, she yielded, through the importunities of others, and wTas married to a blacksmith, named Stanley. By him, she was the mother of four children, all of which died early. Ann and her husband lived at her father's house ; and so far as adaptability of dispositions to each other's happiness, this was in their possession, excepting those seasons when the convictions of her youth would come upon her with such crushing force as to bring her under the deepest tribulation of soul. In this age of advanced soul-light, and spiritual intelligence, we know that many are familiar with this experience. And when Ann sought relief from the bondage to sin she felt her soul was in, giving herself no rest day nor night, but prayed and cried in agony to God for deliverance, her husband sympathized with her, and partook strongly of her convictions. Husbands, take notice. While under this great distress of mind, she became acquainted with the Society of people under the direction of James and Jane Wardley; and as she found them in possession of a greater degree of divine light, with a scathing testimony against those sins she herself had been so strongly convicted of, she eagerly embraced their manner of life, in the twenty-third year of her age. These people were spiritually directed to an oral confession of every sin they had committed; and being enlightened, more than ordinarily, as to what sin was, they took up a full cross against everything they knew to be evil; hence, they really experienced an en THE S HE A. K E Pt during power over sin, unknown to those converts, who feel mentally relieved from the fear of the punishment of sin, but whose hearts are uncleansed and full of sinful desires —being yet under the dominion of nature depraved. Ann was ono of a class of individuals, which can never be persuaded that their salvation and redemption is to be obtained for them, through the vicarious sufferings of another, good or bad. As an example of her exertions to free herself from sin, witness her testimony: 'Soon after I began to travail in the way of God, I labored many nights in the works of God. Sometimes I labored all night, continually crying to God for my own redemption ; other times I went to bed, and slept; but in the morning, I could not feel that sense of the work of God which I did before I slept. This brought me into great tribulation ; and I cried to God, and promised him, that if he would give me the same mind that I had before I slept, I would labor all night. This I did many nights ; and in the day time I put my hands to work, giving my h-art to God ; and when I felt weary and in need of rest, I labored for the refreshing power of God, which did relieve me, so that I felt able to go to my work again. ' Many times when about my work, I felt my soul overwhelmed with sorrow ; then I vised to work as long as I could keep it concealed, then run to get out of sight, lest some one should pity me with that pity which God did not. In vay tribulation, my sufferings were so great, that my flesh consumed upon my bones, and a bloody sweat pressed through the pores of my skin, while I became as helpless as an infant. And when I was brought through, and born into the spiritual kingdom, I was just like an infant born into the world. It sees colors and objects, but it knows not what it sees. So it was with me, when I was born into the spiritual world ; but before I was twenty-four hours old, I saw, and knew ivhat I saw !' * ( To be continued.)