Shakerism What is the meaning of the term ? We shake a carpet, as we do grain to remove something from it that is not an integral portion of the fabric. Parents and school teachers sometimes shake a child for a similar purpose, to separate a fault from its character. This nation has | recently been shaken from center to circumference, in the effort to divest the Constitution of an evil that was ramifying itself into the Constitution and institutions of all the States and territories in the Union. Thus it was said to a city, ' Shake thyself from the dust, 0 Jerusalem ;' (Is. 52 : 2.) ' All men of the earth shall shake at my presence;' (Ezek. 38: 20.) '1 will shake all nations, and the desire of all nations shall come ; ' (Hag. 2 : 7.) One said, ' The foundations of the earth do shake; (ib. 2: 21.) 'Yet once more, and I will shake not only the earth, but the heavens also.' 'The stars shall fall from heaven, and the powers of the heavens shall be shaken.' ' Then shall appear the sign of the Son of Man in heaven; and then shall the kingdoms of the earth mourn. And they shall see the Son of Man coming in the clouds of heavenwith power and great glory.' ' And he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet (preaching), and they shall gather together his elect from the four winds of heaven.' ' For wheresoever the carcass shall be, thither will the eagles be gathered together,''1 from among the Gentiles into Community Order, as in the first appearing of the Christ Spirit to the Jews. Then was a Community formed, yet only as a kind of first-fruits ; because it could not have been permanent, for two reasons : First. The race was not yet prepared to continue to furnish enough of the Elect who should be celibates, non-resistants, spiritualists, who would cease to swear, or vote, or speculate. Second. The Civil Governments had not yet become ' the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ;' and they would not permit the practice of Christ principles— Christian Communities. The Pentecostal Church—Community— came under the action of these two forces. By the third century they had fallen into marriage, private property, and war; and then refused to allow others to practise what they had fallen from. The Gentile State determined what the Jewish Christian Church should be on earth; thus ' treading down the holy city.' In the spirit land, this—the Pentecostal Church was continued, and ' increased with the increase of God,' up to the time j of the second appearing of Christ; and is the Bridegroom Church. It received its inspiration from the heavens still above, from the Christ Spirit, which is as the right hand of Deity to all free moral agents; and was as the Sun to spiritually enlighten the earth. But it shone upon a dark, benighted race, sunken in sensuality Christian Pagans, or Pagan Christians. Let it be borne in mind, that near two thousand years have intervened between the time of the First Christian Church and the day in which we live. Think of that! and consider the condition of this earth's civil governments then and now. Rome was the ruling power over the Gentile world ; and even Judea was one of the conquered nations. The Pentecostal Church was masculine in its organization and rulers; resting upon the Eastern world—the male of the earth. What then, had the race to wait for, in a second Coming of the Christ Spirits ? Why, for the female of the earth—the Gentile Western world—to come up to the ' Pattern showed in the Mount.' The First Christian Church, composed of the descendants of Abraham, with their permanent and ever-perfecting organization, that had been ' caught up to God,' in the spirit world, out of the reach of the 'dragon' Pagan power, from Avhence it inspired the 'witnesses—stars'—who, having shone upon the dark earth for a season, themselves 'fell to the earth,' by ' marrying and giving in marriage.' Approaching the time of the Second Appearing of the Christ Spirits, the 'sign ' is seen of the Son of Man—Cooperative, Associative, Communistic efforts —in the most advanced nations, as England, America, France and Germany. The foundations of the earth are being discovered, and found to be much out of course—wrong. Reproduction, Property, Wars, Theologies, Civil Governments, Organizations, and Institutions, are Avanting perfection. Yet, in all the Churches, which the Spirit has raised up, throughout these two thousand years, the religious element has had a place and influence, from the Roman Catholic to the Oneida People; good has been done, and is progressing the race. But then, all of these are still doing what the Pentecostal Church did not do, and what the Christ Spirit (coming not in atmospheric clouds, but ' in the clouds of heaven'—Shaker Communities)— saves the Shakers from doing—' marrying and giving in marriage.' Thus laying the foundations of new heavens and earth upon the 'Rock' of sexual purity; a new and spiritual relation of the sexes, free from all the ' trouble in the flesh,' which comes of mixing the flesh and Spirit as in Gentile Christianity. 2 THE SHAKEE. 3 Do not all the ' tribes of the earth mourn because of him ?'—because of the testimony that thus ' bruises the head' of the sensual propensities—the lusts of the flesh, taking the very life itself of the generative man and woman by celibacy and virgin purity. Let it once become an established, Christian doctrine, that the highest Christ life is a celibate, virgin life, with its corollaries, and will there not be ' great mourning in Jerusalem'—' the temple of God'—the Gentile Christian Church, in which the ' man of sin' sits enthroned ? Celibacy.—Its history is of great importance in the religion of all cultivated nations. It existed in the Therapeutes of Egypt, the Essenes among the Jews (ou* of which came the founder of Christianity), and among the ascetics of all other nations, and finally culminated in Christianity, as the corner stone of a new system. Jesus, the Celibate Founder of this new system, was born of a virgin mother, thus connecting the two orders of natural reproduction and spiritual reproduction together ; He was witnessed unto by John, the celibate Jewish Baptiser ; and was supported by twelve men who had either never been married, or had, ' for Christ's sake and his Gospel,' forsaken all family relation; thus altogether founding a Church that has hitherto been, and still is, the ideal of heave?i upo?i earth —the Pentecostal. This Celibate Jewish Church, after an existence of some 300 years, relapsed into the Monastery and l^unnery of the Constantine Gentile Church, which has ever accepted the celibate principle, as the one essential of a pure, Christian life. The celibacy of its higher class of saints, and of the priesthood, no less than of its monastic orders, puts that beyond the region of debate. Of the clean animals that entered the ark, by sevens, Jerome says, the odd number denotes the celibated which will do to go with some of the proofs and confirmations of there being three individualities in Deity. Respecting the progress of the Monastic movement, Leckey reports, that, ' in the fourth century, it was no less rapid than that of Christianity itself. Egypt appears to have been the home of the celibates, being of all other nations the most advanced in civilization. Thus we read of there being seven thousand monks under St. Pacnbmus; five thousand under a single Abbott, in the desert of Nitria. That a certain city included twenty thousand virgins, and ten thousand monks. And that towards the end of the century, the Monastic population, in that country, nearly equaled the population of the cities.' St. Jerome states, ' that fifty thousand monks were sometimes assembled at the Eastern festivities in Alexandria at one time.' Even in pagan Rome, 'the Flamens of Jupiter, and the Vestal Virgins, were the two most sacred orders.' (Ibid.) 'And the land (Christendom) shall mourn, every family apart, and their wives apart;' or as a more correct translation, ' every husband apart, and every wife apart:' for the wife is a part of the family. The husbands of the house of David (the rulers) apart, and their wives apart. The husbands of the house of Nathan apart, and their wives apart. The husbands of the house of Levi (the priesthood) apart, and their wives apart.' Their gods and their priests being gone, what have they left ? This is what remains to them: 'In that day there shall be a fountain opened to the house of David (the rulers) and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem,' (priesthood and all; for it is like priest, like people) ' for sin, and for uncleanliness.' ' It shall come to pass that, in all the land, saith the Lord, two parts shall be cut off and die; but the third part shall be left therein. And I will bring the third part through the fire, and will refine them as silver is refined; and will try them as gold is tried. They shall call on my name and I will hear them. I will say it is my people ; and they will say the Lord is my God.'—(Zech. xiii.) These are the Elect, whose number shall eventually be proportioned to the exigencies of the case, always regulating popula- tion in the natural order, who will be as seed to reproduce and continue the race, when all forms of evil shall find no place in the Millenium of human life upon the earth; any more than it does upon thousands of other globes which we may be scientifically permittted to hope and believe have never departed from the condition of ' very good,' in which they first left the hand of Omnipotent Holiness. ' The angels who gather the Elect from the four quarters of the earth,' are from the Resurrection or Seventh Heaven, nigh unto Deity, surrounding the throne o.f the Eternal Parentage. These, in their aggregated capacity, are the Christ of God to the illimitable Universe of heavens and earths that fill immensity. For as marbles to the school-boy, so are globes in the hands of the ultimate ' Almighty.' ' All souls,' upon whatever planet they may reside, ' arc mine' saith Deity. F. W. E.