Church and State—No. 2 In our first issue, we commenced a series of papers, being an inquiry into the foundational principles of the civil and religious governments of the United States, and of the United Societies. Extremes meet. The extreme of skepticism towards theological and religious ideas, when interblended with statutory laws and civil institutions, ultimated itself in the United States Government. This has recently been demonstrated, and ably commented upon, by the ' New York Tribune;' showing that the Senate pronounced it a non-sectarian and unreligious government, as follows :— ' A Ray of Light from the Past' ' The theologians who insist that our government rests upon an implied assumption or recognition of the divine authority of the Christian religion, and who wish to make that recognition palpable, by an amendment of the Constitution, will find a hard nut to crack in the following proTision in the treaty of Tripoli, made under the administration of Washington, in 1796, when the fundamental principles of the government, and the ideas and purposes of its founders were yet fresh in the minds of the people. ' ' As the government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion; as it has in itself no character of enmity against the laws, religion, or tranquillity of Mussulman's; j and as the said States never have entered j into any war or act of hostility against any Mohammedan nation ; it is declared by the parties, that no pretext arising from religious opinions shall ever produce an interruption of the harmony existing between the two countries.' 'To this declaration, which bears the stamp of the Senate's approval, is appended the name of George Washington, who held, that his speculative faith entitled him to no privileges, as a citizen, that were not common to all others, of whatever religious belief or unbelief. The Declaration, moreover, for aught that appears, received the assent of the whole American people, as embodying an essential and fundamental principle of the Government. 'Let us not, in the very hour of our rejoicing over the downfall of the civil authority of the Church in the Roman States, countenance the attempt to remove the barriers erected by our fathers against a union of Church and State in this Republic.' And this is a principle essential to its own self-preservation. The mental, intellectual, and spiritual freedom of the human mind in all its phases (when not incarnated in acts to the injury of the same rights in others), was what the revolutionary fathers fought for, and germinally embodied in the United States' constitution. The opposite extremes of Spiritualists and religiously-exercised people, like the French Prophets, the Moravians, and Dunkers ; together with New Lights, Breakers, and Quakers, feared God exceedingly, and were mediums of influence from the spirit land. These often spoke and acted as they were moved upon by the invisible souls of disembodied men and women seeking to work the work of God on earth. Out of these arose Mother Ann and her little company of devoted souls; and through their labors the elements became ultimated and organised in the religious Communism of the Shakers—the United Societies From the first there was a deep sympathy between these apparently opposite extremes—the respective founders of two systems in nowise antagonistic,—which became incorporated in a purely civil and a purely religious government. They were nearer together, and more alike, than either of them understood. Both were infidel to the popular orthodoxy of Christendom, as exhibited in the combined church and and state organizations of the civilized world. They disbelieved alike, and both were terribly in earnest. While the skeptical powers were plighting their lives and faith and sacred honor in fighting the battles of humanity against monarchy—the church and state union— the divine right of kings—with its concom- itants, the religious spiritualists were fighting, in ' battles of shaking ' (often to be heard a mile distant), the anti-Christian theology of a Trinity of masculine Gods ; the vicarious atonement for sin through the material blood of Jesus; the resurrection of physical bodies, ages after death; the eternally-lost condition of all souls, except a few nominal Christians ; the blending together of generation and regeneration, of war and peace, of selfishness and communion of saints. While the Shakers deprecated persecution for conscience' sake, and only to be met with from the priesthood of antiChrist, the skeptics sought, by a constitutional provision, to render it—persecution —legally impossible within the jurisdiction of the United States. Art. 1.—' Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.' Art. 37, First Constitution of the State of New York.—' And whereas we are required, by the benevolent principles of rational liberty, not only to expel civil tyranny, but also to guard against that spiritual oppression and intolerance wherewith the bigotry and ambition of weak and wicked priests and princes have scourged mankind ; the free exercise and enjoyment of religious profession and worship, without discrimination or preference, shall forever hereafter be allowed within this State to all mankind.' Art. 39.—'And whereas the ministers of the gospel are, by their profession, dedicated to the service of God and the cure of souls and ought not to be diverted from the great duties of their function ; there- fore, no minister of the gospel, or priest of any denomination whatsoever, shall, at any time hereafter, under any pretense or description whatever, be eligible to, or capable of, holding any civil or military office or place within this State.' These enactments plainly indicate the character and design of the men who framed them; and, as burnt childen dread the fire, so did those skeptics go, even over the line of equal rights to discriminate against a class of men—Gospel ministers —who, of all others, ought logically, on the assumption that Christianity is par excellence the religion, to be the safest depositaries of civil power. 1O THE SHAKER. It is because worldly, Gentile Christi- anity includes elements that are not in and of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, that its ministers are thus disfranchised, in selfdefence, by the sovereign people. William Pitt, in an essay on superstition speaks of a ' certain unnatural passion which we will call religious hatred,— fixed, constant, deep-rooted, and immortal. All other passions rise and fall, die and revive again; but this of religious hatred rises and grows, every day, stronger upon the mind as we grow more religious, because we hate for God's sake, and for the sake of those poor souls, too, who have the misfortune not to believe as we do: and can we, in so good a cause, hate too much ? The more thoroughly we hate, the better we are ; and the more mischief we do to the bodies and estates of those infidels and heretics, the more do we show our love to God. This is religious zeal; and this has been called Divinity. But remember, the only true Divinity is Humanity.'—London Journal, 1733. Thomas Paine's 'Age of Reason' opens thus :—' I believe in one God, and no more ; and I hope for happiness beyond this life. I believe the equality of man; and I believe that religious duties consist in doing justice, loving mercy, and in endeavoring to make our fellow creatures happy. The world is my country, to do good is my religion,' was this unbeliever's motto. Thus was the American Government established, which was in no sense theological ; but a purely civil government, belonging equally to all its citizens, whatever their beliefs or unbeliefs, from the Atheist to the Quaker. Universal suffrage for white ?nen, and universal liberty for white people, was fully and amply secured. Thenceforth rulers were to be the people's choice and the people's servants ; and not, as heretofore the people's masters. And above all in value was the perpetual right of Constitutional amendment. Jefferson says : 'At our first legislative session, after the Declaration of Independence we abolished the law of Entails and Primogeniture, and divided the lands of intestates equally among their heirs. These laws, drawn by myself, laid the axe to the root of pseudo-aristocracy.' He also proposed a system of free schools, which was too far a-head of the times to be adopted. And, on that account, many forms of evil were reserved to be purged away by succeeding generations, under the power of Constitutional amendments in the good time they saw coming. Prominent among these was slavery and its primal cause, land monopoly, or unlimited landed possessions. There was to be a new heaven, or Church, and a new earth, or civil Govern- ment, wherein should dwell righteousness. We have seen the foundations of both of these laid in the Revolutionary times, and by men and women whose minds were adapted to the work. The removal of the great curse of slavery, so adverse to the genius of the government and to the principles and desires of its real founders, could be accomplished only by a similar class of minds raised up and inspired by those original governmental founders in the spiritual world. And thus was opened the second of the seven degrees in the onward progress of our Government towards a condition of rational and perfect national righteousness. And as Lincoln was the central personage in the great national tragedy which ensued, we will introduce him on the stage and see what is the evidence, and what are the facts. W. H. Herndon says: 'One or two preliminary remarks will help us to understand why he (Lincoln) disagreed with the Christian world, in its principles as well as in its theology. In the first place, Mr. Lincoln's was a purely logical mind; and, secondly, Mr. Lincoln was purely a practical man. He had no fancy or imagination, and not much emotion. He was a realist, as opposed to an idealist. As a general rule, it is true, that a purely logical mind has not much hope, if it ever has faith, in the ttnseen and urJknown. He was terribly, vexatiously, skeptical. ' I became acquainted with Mr. Lincoln in 1834, and I think I knew him to the day of his death. He came to Illinois in 1830, and settled in New Salem, 111. It was here that Mr. Lincoln became acquainted with a class of men the world never saw the like of before or since. They were large men; large in body, and large in mind; hard to whip, and never to be fooled. They were a bold, daring, and reckless set of men. They were men of their own minds—believed what was demonstrable ; were men of great common sense. 'With these men Mr. Lincoln was thrown; with them he lived, and with them he moved and almost had his being. They were skeptics, all—scoffers, some. These scoffers were good men; and their scoffs were protests against theology,— loud protests against the follies of Christianity. They had never heard of Theism, or the better religious thoughts of this age. They riddled all divines; and not unfrequently made them skeptics—disbelievers like themselves. They were a jovial, healthful, generous, social, true, and manly set of people. 'In 1835, he wrote a small work on Infidelity and intended to have it published. The book was an attack upon the whole grounds of Christianity ; and especially was it an attack upon the idea that Jemis was the Christ, the true and onlybegotten Son of God, as the Christian world contends. 'His friend Hill, who had an eye to Lincoln's popularity, who saw in him a rising man, and wished him success, and believing that, if the book were published, it would kill Lincoln for ever, snatched it from his hand and put it into a hot stove. ' When accused of being an infidel, by his political enemies, during a canvass, he never denied the charge,—' would die first: ' Lincoln did not believe in a special creation ; his idea being, that all creation was an evolution under law. He did not believe that the Bible was a special reve- lation from God : did not believe in miracles, as understood by the Christian world. He believed in universal inspiration and miracles, under law. He believed that all things—both matter and mind—were governed by law, universal, absolute and eternal. Law, to Lincoln, was everything. Yet he, like Paine, believed in God and in immortality.'—Index. ' I maintain that Lincoln was a deeply religious man, at all times, and in all places, in spite of his transient doubts, although not a Christian.'—Index. I have reason to know, that Lincoln did not believe largely in God; and that, before his death he became a Spiritualist, and was, like his bosom friend, Stanton, a warm sympathizer with the rational and simple faith of the Shakers. He acted well his part before he left the stage of action. That accounts for the Shakers not being ' wiped out ' during the late war. Inasmuch as Ann Lee and her compan- ions came by revelation to America, having been spiritually informed and fully assured that the revolution would be successful, and that a Gentile Pentecostal Church would be established upon earth, which, like the Jewish Pentecostal Church, would abjure physical sexuality, selfish rights of property, destructive carnal warfare, wasteful pride, and foolish pomp in dress and equipage, or in vain surroundings in natural things ; and would build up community homes on the basis of personal purity ©f flesh and spirit, and holi- ness—the perfecting of the individual character. Disconnected by a discrete degree from the civil government, it is the Church in its true character and order, destined to shine and operate upon the civil government, as the sun upon the moon and earth —the primal source of all vitality and virility, and the Ruler of day and night. THE SHA.KEH. 11 ' The law of righteousness shall go forth from Zion, and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem '—the civil government—which will continue to progress until it shall be tke means of securing all the ' inalienable rights ' to both man and woman, and the necessaries and comforts of life to all the people, each one ' sitting under his own vine and fig-tree, with none,' moved by spirit of war, ' to make them afraid.' For wars shall cease to the ends of the earth, in all nations that will accept the reign and rule of the ' Prince of Peace !' Reorganisation without Disintegration ! ' F. W. E.