BIOGRAPHICAL. Ann Lee [Continued.) For the greater part of nine years did Ann Lee suffer thus—the severest mental agony— though she experienced seasons of relief, during which she was instructed by heavenly visions and divine revelations why God was thus dealing with her; and with this understanding she bore with fortitude the agonies of preparation, that were fitting her as a receptacle and medium for the Christ Spirit. The revelations made known to her, were the necessity of self-abasement, sorrow for, and departure from sin—the antipodes of that in- struction that provides another to die a physical death, to atone for the millions that continue in and unto sin. , Ann realized the full loss suffered by humanity, but was not yet aware of what the foundation of sin consisted ; nor could she yet see any prospect of relief in the preaching or practices of theological teachers, for the salvation of souls from sin here, or for their redemption hereafter. She agonized to know the cause of human woes, and of their reparation. While lying in the Manchester jail, incarcerated for preaching against ' those fleshly lusts that war against the soul,' ' the mystery of iniquity,' as made known to her by directing agencies, she saw, and experienced the man- ifestation of the baptism of the Christ Spirit— the same that made Jesus, the Christ; and the same that will make every man and woman Christ, when prepared; and the manifestations of this' Christ through her, taught many strange things—of the new heavens and earth; of the true Resurrection, consisting of living above the life of generative lusts ; of virgin purity being a component of eternal life, and the impossibility of enjoying the life of the Spirit while engaging in the pleasures of the flesh ! Her testimonies against nature corrupt were the intonations of her directing spirit-agencies, and often brought the deepest embarrassments upon her in their delivery; for she was human, and knew how keenly these testimonies set; but her Christ-duty was superior to human frailties, and she delivered herself 'as one having authority.'* After her imprisonment in Manchester, she was acknowledged as a leader in spiritual things, and was ever after known as Mother Ann. The religious exercises of her band were singing and dancing, shaking and shouting, speaking in strange tongues, and prophesying after the manner of the Primitive Christian Church. From this time, Mother Ann testified by the Christ Spirit, against all lustful gratifications as the source and foundation of all human misery; that no soul could live in the generative sphere, and practice the regeneration of Christ simultaneously; that naturecorrupt was not only unfit for earthly replenishment, but that reproduction, in its most pure, elevated condition, was positively unchristian and uneternal! She delivered her testimony in the spirit of love, but with such heart-searching power, that many stood convicted of the truth, and acknowledged her gospel as correct. In some, the home-thrust truths kindled the most bitter spirit of persecution, particularly among the professors of theology, in whom the lusts of the world, and the religion that sanctioned, and wedded lusts to lusts, were combined. Of her experiences with some of these persecutors, we purpose treating upon in our next, just a century after their occurrence. * * A woman, of Cleveland, Ohio, occupying an elevated position in society, while under the influence of the Spirit, declared that1'we married women, living in the gratifications of the flesh with our husbands, are nothing but legalized prostitutes ;' and when learning what she had said, nearly crazed with mortification, even after realizing the truth of her words.