Religion and Spiritualism. 'A State without a Church.' In the new Era, which opened about the year 1792, two marked and typical characters arose, coming up, or (as it were), being evolved from the general elements of humanity—Ann Lee and Emanuel Swedenborg: Ann as the embodiment of the Religious, and Swedenborg of the Spiritualistic elements. Swedenborg was born in 1688, and died in 1772. Ann was born in 1736, and died in 1784. Thus they were cotemporary for thirty-six years, and she lived twelve years after his death. Ann was born of lowly parentage, in Toad lane (now Todd street), Manchester, England, with no genealogical family-tree known to history or fame; a poor and humble Gentile woman. She was one of the ' common people ' who so gladly heard the teachings of Jesus. From a child, her mind was religiously exercised about right, and wrong, good and evil, holiness and unholiness. She literally hungered and thirsted after righteousness; had deep and powerful convictions of sin, in relation to many things held in high estimation by popular Christians, particularly the use and abuse of the reproductive powers and faculties of human beings. Marriage intensified those convictions, and brought her under great tribulation of soul, which caused her to cry to God for entire deliverance from the thraldom of sin in general. At an early age, she began to have visions, having found an entrance into the spirit world. After some nine years of great spiritual suffering of soul, in 1770, occurred the great event of her life, and of the age in which she lived. Jesus appeared to her in person, and baptized her into and with the Christ Spirit, as John had baptized him. By his ministration, the eyes of her understanding ' were opened ' to discover the ' foundations of the world,' and to see plainly that they were 'out of course.' The primary causes of the alienation and consequent separation from God of humanity were clearly revealed ; and the whole work of redemption, operating through the Four great Dispensations of human salvation, from beginning to end, were made so ' plain' that there was no occasion to ' err ' in coming to practical conclusions. God had set his hand ' the second time to redeem Israel' from the bondage of sin. And the Christ Spirit, through Jesus, said to Ann, '' Thou art the woman of sin' who needest redemption (for she was as are all mankind, ' clothed in filthy garments ' of unrighteousness); repent, confess to some mortal being like yourself, as a witness for God; and then forsake ; and thou shalt preach this Gospel to other souls, that they may follow you as you have followed Jesus, and baptize other souls as you have been baptized with the Christ Spirit.' Adam Clark says : 'In speaking of the second appearance of Christ,—the opening of a new dispensation,—it must commence with some particular individual; in some particular place, and at some specified time.' Evidently, the way to redeem humanity, as a whole, was thus to begin with one, human being, as a nucleus, for Christians to gather to, in the founding of a Gentile Pentecostal Church—a Community of goods,—on the basis of Celibacy and Peace. This was religion—cease to do evil; learn to do well—distinct from mere theology. Religion in this illiterate woman, and in her followers, would create its own theology, as the soul creates and shapes its own body. The principal point of her testimony was in relation to human sexuality. While Ann came from the lower strata of society, so far as literary and scientific attainments were concerned, Swedenborg came from the upper classes. His father was a bishop ; and the family was ennobled by the Sovereign of Sweden—Queen Ulrica Eleonora. ' Swedenborg's parentage and home,' says his biographer, 'were happy omens of his future life. He was brought up with strict, but kindly care; was educated by his father in all innocence and scientific learning; and enjoyed the opportunities afforded by the sphere and example of family virtues, accomplishments, and high station, with which he was surrounded.' These were great advantages, and calcu 18 THE SHAKER. lated to prepare him to associate with the noble, the great, and the learned of ' this world.1' In this respect he was the antipode of Ann Lee. Yet there were points of similarity, as when he says, ' from my fourth to my tenth year, my thoughts were constantly engrossed by reflecting on God, on salvation, and on the spiritual affections of man.' (Swedenborg addressed the understand- ing with logic, and ministered convincement. Ann addressed herself to the heart, and ministered conviction.) 'I often revealed things, in my discourse, which filled my parents with astonishment, and made them declare, at times, that certainly the angels spoke through my mouth. It was my greatest delight to converse with the clergy concerning faith.' Yet, when eleven years of age, he knew nothing of the 'plan of salvation,' as it is called. His father, being a Spiritualist, was not very orthodox. He writes: 'I am not inclined myself, and would be far from persuading any one to credulity and superstition. But may not the all-wise God, in all ages, think it necessary, by extraordinary instances, to fix upon the minds of mankind some signal impressions of his over-ruling power, and of the truth of his holy Gospel?' This was very significant for those times ; and such a father could not fail to impress his son as a Spiritualist. It is said to be darkest just 'before the dawn; and the ' darkness which had covered the earth ' and the Churches—'the gross spiritual darkness which covered the whole people ' —was never more dense than at that Epoch. In Rev. xviii, it is said, ' I saw an angel come down from heaven, having great power, and the earth was lightened with his glory.' Swedenborg was the leading medium of this angel to the in- habitants of earth. ' He was the most transcendent human being that has ever yet shone upon our dark (Gentile) world. Even in science and philosophy, he nobly strode a century before his time. He was a man, take him for all in all, the most nobly gifted of any of the sons of earth, both on the side of nature and of spirit. This opening of the spiritual, was Sweden- borg's tendency from the first. He expected the kingdom of God to come upon him in the shape of clear principles deduced from all human knowledge; a scientific theology, resting upon nature and revelation, interpreted by analogy and synthesis, from the ground of a pure habit and a holy life. His ascent from the natural to the spiritual was step by step from the deep mines and rudiments of the mineral kingdom ('he was known as the Assessor'), passing gradually upwards through the mysteries of organic nature to the human soul itself.' ' His discoveries and teachings in geology, mineralogy, botany, natural history, animal and human physiology, chemistry, crystalography, mathematics, mechanics, astronomy, and natural philosophy, show how deeply the world is indebted to the labors of this ' great humble man,' in whose works can be found the seeds of principles of all that is known of the essences, forms, powers and uses of universal matter ; and how far he was in advance of Bacon, Newton, Laplace, Kepler, Herschel, Cuvier, or any other man, as a theorist and author, yet free from all jealousies and animosities growing out of any of them, as to who should be the greatest in the kingdom of Nature. It was said of him, that ' He set one foot of the compass of truth in God, and with the other swept all creation, both animate and inanimate, as seer, theologian, and philosopher of spirit.' ' These are high claims; but he was the angel of Spiritualism, and the true prototype of Spiritualists; as Ann was the ' angel seen standing in the sun (Rev. 19: 17), crying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of heaven, come and gather yourselves together unto the supper of the great God, that ye may eat the flesh of kings, and the flesh of captains, and the flesh of mighty men, both free and bond, small and great. And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles by Spiritualism, before him, with which he deceived them that received the mark of the beast, and them that worshiped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone.' And she was a true type of ' the remnant that was slain by the sword of him that sat upon the horse, which sword proceeded out of his mouth;' and was the testimony of the Christ Spirit against 'fleshly' generation, and all the doleful works of darkness; from which, neither Swedenborg nor his followers have as yet been delivered. Spiritualism is the mother of the sciences, and the esse of all theology. Swe- denborg personified the spirit and truth of the first Gentile Christian Church, including the imperfect theology of the Apostles, and of their Greek and Roman Catholic successors, and claims that Jesus personally appeared in vision to him. There was truth in his claim to be the messenger, or harbinger, of the descent of the New Jerusalem Church on earth. ' In 1767, our author was still in Stockholm, observing with care the effect produced by his writings ; he being then 79 years of age, thus replied to the question, How soon is the New Church to be expected ? ' The Lord is preparing, at this time, a new heaven of such aa believe in him, and acknowledge him to be the true God of heaven and earth; and also look to Him in their lives, which is to shun evil, and do good; because from that heaven shall the New Jerusalem mentioned in Rev. 21: 2, descend. I daily see spirits and angels, from ten to twenty thousand, descending and ascending7 who are set in order. By degrees, as that heaven is formed, the New Church likewise begins and increases. The Universities in Christendom are now first instructed, from whence will come viinisters ; because the new heaven has no influence over the old clergy, who conceive themselves to be too well skilled in the doctrine of justification by faith alone.' ' Is not this testimony and witness of Swedenborg (whom Ann declared to be her John the Baptist) transcendent!)' interesting ? in view of the testimony of Mother Ann and her virgin followers,— the Shakers,—that the time had folly come for the second appearing of Christ, that the reign of the beast and of Jiis image—the Catholic and Protestant world —in combined Church and State governments, and involving the power of religious persecution, by the sword in the hands of civil rulers, ended in the final success of the American Revolution, and the establishment of a new earthly or civil government by skeptical powers that had grown out of the beast, on the basis of pure materialism ; which government excluded the priests of all religious denominations from civil power, and declared entire liberty of conscience, in matters of theology, from the Hindoo to the Atheist; treating with all human beings simply in relation to their civil rights ; and excluding theology from the Constitution of the United States. And, in 1793, the Gentile Pentecostal Church of 'all things common '—the Shaker Order—was founded in New Lebanon, N. Y. Here are two witnesses to the same thing: the creation in this, and in the the spirit world, of a ' new heaven and a new earth;' a new Church, which is not of this world, and will not fight; and a new civil government without a Church. Thus the dissolution of the old order of Church and State Governments has commenced—the beginning of the end of the old world. Swedenborg says: 'All confirmations in things pertaining to theology are, as it were, glued fast in the brain, and can with difficulty be removed; and, whilst they remain, genuine truths can find no place.' ' Besides, the new heaven of Christians, THE S H .A. K E R . 19 from whence the New Jerusalem from the Lord will descend (Rev. 21:1 and 2), is not yet perfectly settled, '—Letters to Dr, Beyer. A practical life of righteousness, by characters formed after the pattern of Jesus, was the only means by which God could work the work of redemption among the human race on earth, and finally create, in the spirit world, a ' New Heaven,' having for its foundations the New Church on earth ; and having for its founders souls who, while in the body, had accepted the testimony of Mother Ann. Inasmuch as it is not known that Swedenborg was acquainted with Ann Lee, or her testimony, his witness is the more wonderful in its character, and astonishing ifl its accuracy!! ' In every view of mankind, and in each fresh system of doctrines which pro- fesses to apply itself to the wants of an age, the subject of marriage can hardly fail to have an important place. In many systems, indeed, it furnishes the experimentum crucis, and at once decides their pretensions.' This is emphatically the case with the Shaker system, which claims to be (and really is) the Resurrection Order, and above the marriage relation. ' The author affirms, upon a union of experimental and rational evidence, that sex is a permanent fact in human nature ; that men are men, and women women, in the highest heavens, as here on earth; that it is the soul which is male or female ; and that sex is thence derived into the mortal body, and into the natural world. Therefore that the difference of sexes is brighter and more exquisite in proportion as the person is high, and the sphere pure. M The distinction not only reaches to the individual, but it is anatomically minute besides: every thought, affection, and sense of a male is male, and of a female is feminine. The smallest drop of intellect or will, is inconvertible between the sexes; if man's, it can never become woman's, nor vice versa. ' The sexual distinction is foundec upon the two radical attributes of God upon his Divine Love and his Divine Wisdom, whereof the former is feminine and the latter is masculine.' John the Baptist never approximatec nearer to Jesus, than did Swedenborg to Ann; for this is simple Shakerism in its rudimentals, that God is dual—male anc female; that the Christs are dual; anc that the second manifestation of the Chris was in a woman, for the reason above assigned—difference of sex. the 'wilderness' (see Rev. xii.) 'Make straight paths' for the coming female Messiah. For, like John, he only taught human beings to return to the paths of virtue from which they had strayed; to turn the hearts of the parents to the children, and the hearts of the children back to the Apostle Paul, and his Gentile associates. How different the case with Ann, who opened a radically-new and living way. While the followers of Swedenborg are known by their complex system of theology ; in their lives they are like all other men and women of the world, in respect to generation, nutrition, and property; the disciples of Mother Ann—' the virgins, her companions, who follow her'— are led unto the King, Jesus, by the Christ Spirit; and, after a hundred years of isolation and obloquy, are known as laving solved the problem that men and women can be ' neither male or female ^eneratively ; but are one in Christ Jesus,' and live a pure, Christian life; and that, too, under greater temptations than ever Jesus or his Apostles, or any of the celibate Orders under the first appearing of Christ to either Jews or Gentiles were subjected to, and stood the test. For the ' stars of heaven '—celibates—still ' fell to the earth as figs from the tree, when shaken with a mighty wind.' See Dixon's ' Spiritual Wives.' All human beings, of all nations, sects, tongues, and races, whatever their theology, and whether rich or poor, learned or unlearned, fall under the power of the same passions and emotions, from the Esquimaux to the Swedenborgian; and still seek indulgence through a perverted use of the powers and faculties of their own being. The Shakers are the only exception to this rule; for only they deny themselves of lust, in all its imperious craving, whether in eating or drinking, or in the exceedingly perverted order of reproduction. 'My kingdom is not of this world,' said Jesus ; ' therefore my servants will not fight.' Yet Swedenborg had no testimony against war, or any other of the ruling lusts of mankind. Still he ' lightened ' the earth with the glory of his knowledge, scientific and spiritual; he walked in kings' palaces. The kings and queens, and nobles of the earth—the higher classes of society—were converted to Spiritualism through his agency; while his daughters, the Fox girls, were ministers to the 'common people, who have heard them gladly;' they having been the mediums of great power in converting materialists, skeptics, infidels, in and out of the Churches, to a belief in the realities of The Resurrection Order, founded by \.nn is raising sex up from the physical &gt;Iane to the Christ, spiritual plane, where ;here is no ' marrying nor giving in mariage.' And, while Mother Ann appreciated Swedenborg, and understood his mision better than he did himself, Ann and ler mission were not at all apprehended )y Swedenborg. He acknowledged that le daily saw thousands of the angels human souls) descending and ascending to and from the earth. ~\ye say they visited Mother Ann, to whom many of them confessed their sins. For she affirmed just as did Swedenborg, that she was 1 more familiar with the souls of men and women out of the body than she was with those who were in the body; and that she frequently heard them confess their sins.' Here was the dividing line. For, while Swedenborg knew that a new heaven was jeing founded, he knew not by whom; nor did he know of its fundamental princi3les; nor how much himself and his fol- lowers would have to drop and shake off, in order to find an entrance thereinto. For they also belong to the old generative heaven and earth, which are passing away: for Swedenborg never ascended above the beavens of the first Christian Church, composed of Gentiles, in the spirit world and upon earth. But he understood far better than Ann, naturally, what is known as the circle of sciences, the 'Arcana' of Nature; Swedenborg being the body, and Mother Ann the soul of the coming order—Spiritualism and Religion. Nor does Swedenborg appear to have ever learned the radical distinction of the two Christian Churches—Jew and Gentile; nor the fact of the existence of the Jewish Pentecostal Church in the spiritual world, —the home of Jesus and his Apostles,— as a sun to this earth, spiritually; nor that that Church embodied a distinct system of natural truths (as Moses declared) pertaining to man's earth life;—nutrition, generation, agriculture, chemistry ; indeed all the sciences along in their order, as they have a practical relation to man as a religious being, who is bound in all things to do right; and that in doing right, all causes of suffering (bodily diseases included) would be banished from that portion of humanity. Though Swedenborg's ' knoivledge on earth was marvelously increased; ' and holiness was still more marvelously increased through the sufferings and travail of soul of Mother Ann; for, although he was a good man under Christ's first appearing among the Gentiles—was the Gentile Jesus; and, as such, made it possible foi the manifestation of Christ in a female,, being her forerunner,—a voice crying in 2O THE SHAKER. the unseen world ; and thus has the spirit of Spiritualism been 'poured out upon all flesh.' Even handmaids and servants see visions, as did Swedenborg; and men prophesy, as nominal Christians and the followers of the Swedish seer have never done; for, actually and practically, the Swedenborgians have no more spirituality than have the average of common Spiritualists. Yet, while the followers of Ann Lee are also undoubted Spiritualists—believers in spiritual manifestations, the immor- tality of the human soul, the intercommunication between the visible and invisible worlds—they ' have no confidence in the flesh; ' but, for their justification, rely upon living lives of pure Christianity, similar to that of Jesus and the Pentecostal converts. In conclusion, it may be observed, that there was one point of distinction and most marked contrast, in the different and opposite effects produced by the testimonies of Swedenborg and Mother Ann upon 'the world.' While Swedenborg personally retained its ' friendship,' was the welcome and honored guest of European Sovereigns and their courts, and a favorite of the Swedish nation, particularly of the nobles and religious hierarchy ; Mother Ann excited the furious rage of the Clergy, and the dragonenmity of the high, professing Christians of all denominations, without exception. And in proportion to their religious zeal, did they think that they were doing God's service, by pouring out of their mouths, a flood of slanders, to carry away the woman and the remnant of her seed—the Shakers. But 'the earth opened its mouth, and swallowed up the flood'— which ' earth,' being the Materialists, and infidels generally, who hated Christianity as a generative theology, because it was constantly whoring after, and committing adultery with the State, then using it as a cat's paw, with which to hunt and punish heretics, by horrid inquisitions! The Materialists having separated, effectually and eternally, Church and State in the government of the United States, let not the Clergy impiously seek to join together what God, through them, has put asunder. ' Eternal vigilance,' on this subject, ' is the price of the liberty' of conscience. F. W. E.