BIOGRAPHICAL. Ann Lee (Continued.*) Mother Ann was once dragged out of meeting by a mob, and cast into prison in Manchester. Her cell was too small for her to straighten herself. She remained here four- teen days without other nourishment than a little milk and wine mixed and passed to her through the stem of a tobacco pipe, by inserting it into the key-hole. When taken out of prison, her enemies were astonished to see her walk off, apparently hearty. At another time she was taken by a mob upon the highway and ordered to advance; she did so, and was kicked every few steps for two miles, and for variety knocked down with clubs. A nobleman, living at a distance, was so strongly wrought upon by some unknown power, to go abroad, where, or for what, he did not know, but ordering a horse, he rode as if to save his own life, came upon the mob, reproved and dispersed them, and restored Mother Ann to her friends. Being accused of blasphemy, she was taken before four ministers of the English Church with a view to obtain judgment against ier, that would excuse her persecutors for putting into execution their threats — branding her cheek and boring her tongue with a hot iron. Being called upon by these clergymen to speak in tongues, she told them she could not without the help of God. That help came and she spoke for four hours. The clergymen being learned linguists, stated that she had spoken of the wonderful works of God in seventy-two languages I They advised the mob not to molest her; but they, more enraged than ever, determined to stone her to death. Taking her and a few of her companions into a valley ouside of the town, they threw stones at them, yet without effect. Quarreling among tnemselves followed, and they abandoned their wicked design. Mother Ann said : ' While they were throwing stones, I felt myself surrounded with the presence of God, and my soul was filled with love. I knew they could not kill me, for my work was not yet done; therefore / felt joyful and comfort- able while my enemies felt confusion and distress.' From one of her own brothers she received shocking abuse, by his beating her until he was exhausted; when, calling for drink he repeated the assault with the other end of the staff until it was splintered. She testified she felt no harm from the strokes. Fleeing from a mob, she went out on a pond of ice and laid down, remaining there all night, not suffering any inconvenience therefrom. Her persecutors often met with sudden deaths; one, while on his way to get a license from the king to banish her; others became fearfully convicted of their doings, and desisted; so that for two years before leaving England they enjoyed their faith in peace. On the 19th of May, 1774, Mother Ann, with eight followers, took passage for America in a condemned sea-going vessel, the Mariah, Captain Smith, ot New York. Mother said: 'I knew by revelation that God had a chosen people in America; I saw some of them in vision, and when I met them in America, I knew them. I had a vision of x\merica: I saw a large tree, every leaf of which shone with such brightness as made it appear like a burning torch, representing the Church of Christ which will yet be established in this land.' The Captain of the vessel was greatly offended at their religious exercises, and forbade their recurrence; but they, disregarding him and his threats to cast tham overboard, went forth in dancing and shouting, when the Captain proceeded to carry his threats into execution. A storm was raging; a plank loosened by a heavy sea caused the water to rise rapidly, regardless of all the pumps in use. The crew quailed; the Captain, alarmed and pale as a corpse, told all of their inevitable fate. 'Captain,' said Mother Ann, 'be of good cheer; there shall not a hair of our heads perish; we shall arrive safe in America. I saw two bright angels of God standing by the mast, through whom I received this promise.' Then came a great wave, striking the ship, forced the plank back into its place. After this, the Captain gave full permission for them to THE SHAKER. worship as they pleased, and treated them with kindness; declaring, in New York, if it had not been for these Shakers, he never would have reached America. They landed in America, August 6, 1774. Not long afterward Mother Ann and company collected at what is now Shaker Village, seven miles north-west from Albany, New York. Accessions were soon made to their faith, and with increase of numbers came tribulation and persecution. The war of the Revolution was in progress; j they were charged with being unfriendly to the Cause, because they would neither fight nor swear allegiance. They were imprisoned; still their numbers increased; many uniting and confessing their sins through the bars of the prison. They were separated : some sent towards Poughkeepsie with the intention of banishment to the British army, but failing here, they were lodged in jail at Poughkeepsie. Gov. George Clinton released them, and they returned to Shaker Village. In May, 1781, Mother and a company left Watervliet on a missionary tour to the Eastern States. They made many converts and established new societies in Massachusetts. They again became the subjects of persecution, and the most dreadful abuse was inflicted. Clubbed, whipped, stoned, dragged about the streets by the arms and the hair of their heads, pulled down stairs by their feet, and otherwise shockingly maltreated, because of their testimony alone. Their lives were often threatened, and were it not for some overruling power, they never could have survived the attacks of their persecutors. Dreadful judgments fell upon their enemies, and it became a proverb that ' the Shaker drivers are all coming to naught.' Mother Ann departed this life at Shaker Village, Albany County, on the 8th day of September, 1784, in her 49th year. Christopher Love, who was beheaded under Cromwell, prophesied that ' Out of thee, 0 England, shall a bright star arise, whose light and voice shall make the heavens quake, and knock under with submission to the blessed Jesus.' To whom could this apply ? We purpose, in our next, to pen some of the sayings of Mother Ann. *