Shaker Communities Are they Charitable Institutions for the Body, or for the Soul ? So long as Shakers were known to the religious world as a band of superstitious fanatics, who condemned marriage per se, and danced on the Sabbath, it treated them with ridicule as law-breakers, or with silent contempt. When influential and highly educated men and women belonging to the popular de- nominations of Christian sects,—Baptists, Presbyterians, Episcopalians, Methodists, etc.,—and not a small company of the priests, ' were obedient unto the faith,' and put it into practical operation by (where it involved no dereliction of duty, or violation of contracts previously formed), sundering all the ties that bound them to ' this vain, this wicked, world '— those of consanguinity, property, and marriage ; and these founded societies in different States, they ascended above contempt, and 'a great persecution arose.' At first, this took the form of personal abuse, and often destruction of property combined with it. Their motives were impugned, and impossible crimes laid to the charge of Ann Lee, and the leaders generally. All manner of evil was said, and often sworn to as truth, until the powers of the Judiciary were evoked to prove these imaginary crimes, and punish the authors and perpetrators thereof. Lawsuits were instituted to prevent the hold- ing of property ' in common,' and thus break up these society-deranging establishments. In process of time ' these Shakers having become reputedly rich, are considered also to have become respectable, and are voted a place among the Christian sects; a prominent position being assigned to them in the theological world, no less than that of having ' modified the religious thought of America.''—Dixon. A new danger besets them; that of popularity, and the 'friendship of the world.' Living necessarily in large houses, to accommodate large numbers, the wondering public, not considering how many 'families of five' reside and have their homes in one of these great unitary dwellings, which to them look so grand and so much like some individual rich man's mansion, speak one to another: ' Are not these Shakers always neat and clean in personal appearance ? Is there not ever the glow of content upon their countenances, indicative of well-supplied physical wants-, and comfortable, social conditions? Do they ever run in debt ? or do any of their members ever end their days in a poor-house ? Certainly they must be rich; for what constitutes riches, if it be not a permanent and ample supply of food, raiment, and lodging? ' ' And now that we, the discriminating public, have ridiculed, contemned, calumniated, lawsuited—persecuted—these Shakers into an American institution, that will neither run out at our bidding, nor be anything but respectable on its own basis; and now, that they have become an object of general curiosity to the political economist, the socialist, the co-operative people; to the moralist, with his ' social evil ' problems; to the advocates of Woman's Rights, who desire a mixed government of male and female elements, and that taxation and representation should be united; to physiologists, who seek to save bodies first, and souls afterwards, if they need it; to Spiritualists and theologians generally, and to religionists in particular, who behold with awe and reverence the re-incarnation of the Christ Spirit—a veritable Primitive Church—furnishing to the P^uropean tourists much of the staple of their books of travel in the United States of America ;—the momentous question arises, what are these Shakers for? and to what use can we put their successful industrial establishments ? ' And the answer comes back spontaneously from all people who ' have the poor always with them,'—turn them into eleemosynary institutions !! they will, as such, exactly meet the wants of the age in which we live. The aged and infirm, who belong to wealthy families; the merchant who has failed in business, and lost hope in the struggle for pre-eminence ; the lone widow, the orphan children, and poor relatives, generally, who are a burden to their friends; how convenient it will be to have them taken into these charitable, public institutions, where they will receive more than parental and filial care from the religious, the good, the Christian people 'called Shakers.' Here follows a specimen letter of the many we receive, omitting the name and place of the writer : 'Feb. 8, 1871. 'F.W.Evans—Can you extend the hospitalities of your society to a married woman and her two girls, aged seven and three years ? The mother is educated, intelligent, and virtuous ; but is sick with consumption, and cannot do much work. Her husband is so lazy, that he has compelled his sick wife to chop wood, and make the garden; and consequently, as they have no means, she is about to be consigned to the charities of the town. ' If you are able to offer a home to this unfortunate woman, without separating her from her children, please address, with particulars—Mrs. --------; and likewise notify me. ---------.' To this appealing letter we returned the following answer, characteristic of our usual replies to such applications: ' Mount Lebanon, Feb. 12,1871. 'Respected Friend—The case which you present is not one that we could do anything with, for several reasons : First: This is not, as many suppose, primarily, an eleemosynary institution for the relief of physical, human suffering. There are institutions especially devoted to that object, and they are above all praise. Second: The woman is not legally divorced, and we do not part man and wife [nor 'forbid to marry'] : the law of the land must do that. Third: This is strictly a religious order; a home for the souls of seekers after righteousness,—those who are not, and cannot be, satisfied with the righteousness of worldly Christians, who ' marry and give in marriage,' hold private property, and ' fight' about it and their husbands and wives. ' We seek the best (physiologically) the world can produce—those who are ' compelled,' by the wants of their souls—to come, with the intent and hope of making them better. We can take a limited num- ber of children of good parentage, who have had a moral and religious training, when old enough to understand somewhat 26 THE SHAKER of our faith and principles—twelve years and upwards,—preferring them at eighteen or twenty-one, when they are free men and women. Respectfully, 'F. W. Evans.' This answer did not give entire satisfaction to the parties applying, as witness the following extract from a subsequent letter: 'Imagine Jesus at table, and refusing food to a woman because she had a husband, and not suffering her little children to come unto him because their mother had not a divorce. I am aware that there are charitable institutions 'beyond praise,' but not beyond censure. They do not furnish country air, fruits, cleanliness, employment and home, such as are to a considerable degree found in your societies ; and, thinking of the future of the little ones, I thought they would be safest among you. Let me give you this advice, as a lady: Be charitable outside of yourselves ; build a workshop, a hospital, a school-house for non-Shakers, and thus show the world that you can spend money for the good of others. 'I am, very sincerely, the well-wisher of you and your associates.' Now we know what the Shakers are for. Each society is to build workshops, and manage them so that the poor can earn a living, and the public be relieved of the English question, 'What shall we do with the pauper baby?' and with the pauper question generally; 'for, even in famine and captivity, they (the public) will still get children,' without any rational forethought or insight into their future. Each society is to build a hospital, and nurse the victims of small waists, thin shoes, idiotic, ball-room head-gear, anc fashionable air, food and medicines, thai the public conscience may be at ease, knowing how the simple Shakers are living upon, and suffering for, their sins. And next, they may erect and officer school-houses for non-Shakers the more readily, as now we are likely to have ' A Law for the Protection of Minors,' termed by the Tribune, ' Norton's Inquisitoria Bill.' And this will amply protect sucl children from any mistaken ministratioi on the part of the Shakers, of their hereti cal, unorthodox, and unpopular theology or even of their religion, 'which is con trary to all nature; ' but of whose tempo ral ' fruits ' the public are desirou enough to possess themselves. This is what the Shakers are for: t provide a home for the body, if they d not prove to be so ignorant, and sue' ' obstinate heretics,' that they canno comprehet-d their mission in and to ' th world ' who 'marry and give in marriage.' It appears, upon record, that Jesus did ebukc those who followed him, not b*eause of his miracles—his soul ministraions—but for the incidental li loaves and ishes ' with which he had fed their bodies. And the ' little children ' who constitute j leaven, are (in their characteristics of inocence and dependent love of truth) such s have become little children. ' Except e receive the kingdom (which in the later day was to be established upon earth) s little children ' just born into the atural world receive external things from natural mother, and then successively rom a father, and brothers, and sisters, hey should in nowise enter therein ; and not that little children (who are simply used as a figure) literally are subjects of a heavenly order, until as men, and wonen, they, by their own free agency, ravel into it. If ' the kingdom ' were j composed of ' little children ' physically, ;hey would outgrow the ' kingdom ' when hey come to be men and women. The suggestion of the above letter writer to the Shakers is not a bad one, at all. [t is questionable whether we ourselves lave not become somewhat mixed in our deas of charity, confounding the body and soul together; the Lord's poor, and ' the world's' poor. There is no law against love and good works—against charity to the poor and afflicted of this world. But, what Believr ers are able and willing to do for nonShakers,' let it not be done by 'taking them into the number ' who, from Christian faith, 'have all things common,' and thereby attempt to make Shakers of them. But rather, build work-shops, wash-houses, hospitals, and school-houses, or help to support those that are already built. ' Hanging a man ' is not a worse use to put him to, than converting a Shaker Society into a world's charitable institution for the relief of the poor. It would be a desecration, and a double wrong; first, to the real Shakers, by compelling them to associate with paupers, and then to the poor, by ' compelling ' them to become Shakers (if that were possible) in order to have a home for their bodies. Let there be a separation. 7