To My Youth—Mo. 1 By the good providences of God you have a privilege to see and hear of, and practice Chris- tian principles. There are many persons educated in schools and colleges, and called Christians, who preach and pray, and yet have not begun to practice the first Christian principles; indeed, have not j^et begun to practice the first just, natural principles—that is, to get an honest living with their own hands. Your opportunities to become truly learned, greatly exceed theirs; and if you receive the principles and truths of the gospel—the glad tidings that Christ and Mother brought—and put them into practice in your every day life, in all your goings forth, you Avill become truly learned, and finally, you will be assured that in Christ Jesus is hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge. My object in writing to you is not to open up any branch of knowledge, but to point where some of the treasures of wisdom and knowledge may be found. The Old Testament is a wonderful book—it contains a system of law adapted to the natural man, which exceeds all other systems of human law; and portraiture of human character, so truthful, and applicable to human conditions, that even after the lapse of three thousand years, they are still fresh, new and instructive. In the above respects, the Bible is without a parallel among books—it is above and beyond them all. And of the New Testament, the parables alone are caskets of knowledge, to say nothing of the great leading principles which underlie Christianity—lived out by the Saviour and opened in his teachings. What can be more comprehensive, or fuller of sim- plicity than Christ's interview with the young man who came to him, and kneeling, asked, what shall I do to inherit eternal life ? In a few words he conveyed to the young man a knowledge of the work necessary to be done as a preparation to entering his kingdom—to keep the Moral Law—that is, do nothing to injure others, and give his all and himself to God; then he would be in a condition to learn of Jesus. The reading of the parables as presented in the Scriptures, is very much like unto a rich man having a casket of precious things, who comes along and shows you a nice box; he opens it, and every little compartment is stored with jewels; he shuts it up and takes it away with him, and you are none the richer for what you have seen. So of the sayings of Jesus ; you may read them, and get an outside understanding of them, but if you do not practice, nor square your life by them, you will not be any richer in heavenly things. Jesus spake from the life he lived; hence, he was able to say, 'the words that I speak unto you they are spirit and they are life.' Now, if you will make his life your life, so in your degree, you will be able also to speak from your life. But if you fail to do so—have not the life of Christ in you, you will be able to speak of natural things only, for out of the contents of the heart the mouth speakcth. It may be observed here, that all human beings have in them a two-fold life—an inward or spiritual life, and an outward animal life. Before I close, I will say a few words on this subject. In the meantime, I will open one of the caskets. On the outside is written the following words: 'I will open my mouth in parables, I will utter things which have been kept hid from the foundation of the world'— the natural man. Parable first: A sower went forth to sow his seed, and as he sowed, some fell by the way side and was trodden down, and the fowls of the air devoured them. And some fell on stony places, and forthwith the seed sprung up because there was but little earth, and when the sun shone, the plants withered. And some fell among thorns, and the plants were choked. And some fell on good ground, and brought forth, some one degree of fruit, and others, a greater measure. When Jesus had opened this casket, he said, 'he that hath ears to hear let him hear.' He then shut the casket up and took it away with him, and left the multitude to think about what might be the meaning of the parable. No doubt, you would like to know the reason why Jesus did not explain it to them. He would have been well pleased to have done so, but he considered their state of preparation to hear his word and wisdom, forbade committing further knowledge to their keeping. And with pleasure he turned to his disciples and said, 'blessed are your eyes, for they see, and your ears, for they hear.' 'Hear ye therefore the parable of the sower.' And he began to open to them its interior meaning', which }tou may read by turning to Luke 8:5. But before he began, he said, ' Many prophets and righteous men have desired to see what you see, and hear what you hear, and have not.' To the language used by Jesus in explaining the first part of the parable, I would draw }rour attention. ' Those by the wayside are they who hear; then cometh the devil and taketh away the word out of their hearts.' Now, how did the devil manage to take the good word out of their hearts ? They gave way to lightness—'the fowls of the air devoured it.' Here we see, that giving way to lightness in sacred things, is an act of the Devil. Young persons are greatly exposed to receive from others, this spirit of lightness; to many, it is just as natural to be light as it is to breathe, or in other Avords, they willingly work the work of the Devil, and minister the same spirit of lightness to others, and think nothing about it; and that is the way the Devil wishes his work to be done; do it, and never think about it afterwards. Christ, knowing how exposed souls are, said, ' Watch and pray that ye enter not into temptation,' that is, into the spirit of the Evil One. The Devil has the easiest access to young people through the avenue of lightness ; they think there is no great harm in it, and will actually sing the songs of Zion in a vain, careless sense. When a soldier is placed on guard, it is his duty to watch and see that no enemy goes over the line or gets a foothold in the camp. So of all the thoughts that enter your heads; except you gather and keep the gift of self-examination, you will find that the Devil will enter your premises every day, and instead of you being a guard to keep out evil, you will be an avenue to receive and admit it. D. F.