The Religion of the Revolutionary Fathers In early childhood — almost in infancy — when the mind is plastic and confiding, I wrent to meeting. The meeting was in a barn, still standing, near the 45th parallel, on the High- gate side of the line, between what was then Elder Thomas Best's and Colonel Lake's. The preacher, in demonstrating the necessity for deferring the final judgment to some remote period, used the following argument: ' It cannot be ascertained, at death, the amount of good or evil that a man has done. For instance, there is Father Wesley: it may take thousands of years to determine the amount of good he. has done. On the other hand, there is Tom Paine : it may take as many thousand years to calculate the vast amount of evil he has done.' Of course, I took it for granted, that Father Wesley, if not the best, was next to the best, man that ever was; and that Tom Paine must rank next to a certain unmentionable character, of which or whom the preacher made frequent mention. First impressions, especially in theology, remain, till driven out by sternest logic. While still a child, of some ten or twelve summers, my father, from one of his frequent visits to his brother, Captain John Prentiss, of Rutland, Vermont, brought home a book, entitled ' The Jeffersonade; or Democracy Unveiled: by Dr. Caustic.' This I read. 29 3O THE SHA.KER. Jefferson, in his ' Notes on Virginia,'' written while Governor of Virginia, said : ' It matters not to me, whether my neighbor believes in one God, or twenty. It neither picks my pocket, nor breaks my leg.' Jefferson wrote the Declaration of Independ- ence, and it was unanimously adopted by the Continental Congress, with slight variations. When something over twenty years of age, a gentleman from Albany gave me a pamphlet purporting to have been written by Thomas Paine. How dared I to read it ? I did read it, and then threw it into the fire. The pamphlet, written in America, was addressed to the masses of Europe, with the intent of lifting them from the thraldom of superstition, that they might begin to be men. He dealt in great plainness of speech, with what he seemed to regard as the unwarranted assumptions of the clergy; told, at considerable length, what he did not believe. Then he said, ''Perhaps some of my readers would like to know what I do believe. That there was such a man as Jesus of Nazareth I verily believe; and that he was the most perfect example of righteousness this world ever saw, I also believe. And, if they who profess to be his followers would pay more attention to following his example, and make less noise about it, I believe it would be infinitely better for the world of mankind.' Some years later, I met with my father, who was deeply religious and an admirer of Father Wesley. I ventured to question him on what seemed to me an incongruity in my early-imbibed notions of Tom Paine, as compared with the sentiments expressed in the pamphlet. I said to him, 'Do you know anything of Thomas Paine ?' He said, ' Yes; I was well acquainted with him. He was Washington's private secretary; and, while I was in the Life Guards, I used to see him every day.' ' Well,' said I, ' what can you say of him ?' This was the first time I had ever moved the question. I regarded it as a delicate subject; and my father seemed so to regard it. After some deliberation, he said : 'Well, to do him justice, if I say anything, I must say he Was the best man in America. He did more to achieve our independence than any other man, except Washington. And I don't know that I do right to make that exception. For when, after repeated disasters, we were retreating south, pursued hj a wellfed, well-clad, superior force (it was the darkest time of the war), Washington said to his Secretary : ' Paine, what shall we do ? This army is the only hope of the country. Here we are, in dead of winter, unclothed, unfed unshod; the men leave the prints of their bare and bleeding feet on the frozen ground; their term of enlistment is about to expire; and I have not the heart, under such circumstances, to ask them to re-enlist. What can we do ?' ' After solemnly reviewing the situation, Paine replied, 'If you will form the men into ¦ a hollow square, around that stump, we'll see what can be done.' The men were formed; Paine mounted the stump All eyes were upon him. The men had often seen him, but had seldom heard him; for he was a man of few words. Paine, carefully and solemnly surveyed his audience. There was silence audible. He spoke. His words were highly charged with electric fire. Thus he began : ' ' This is the time to try men's souls! The summer soldier and rotten-hearted villain that noiv deserts his country's cause deserves the curses of his fellow-citizens.' ' When his oration was ended, the soldiers, almost to a man, re-enlisted. They had received Paine's inspiration. A new soul was in them. They assaulted and carried the Hessian camp. The tide of war was turned, and success followed success. Cornwallis surrendered ; the war ended; the men, unpaid, went home to provide for their little ones as best they could; and Paine's reputation, like that of public benefactors in general, was committed to the tender mercies of—not the wicked, of course not — the clergy.' ' Independence is my happiness; I view things as they are, without regard to place or person. My country is the world; my religion, to do good.'—Paine. O. P.