The Church of Christ What is the church of Christ ? The apostolic term, which is rendered church in our English version of the New Testament, is ecclesia, which signifies, sometimes, a collection of believers in Christ in any one place, and sometimes, all the believers, wherever located. In ancient Athens, the term was applied, commonly, to the assembly of citizens for the transaction of public business. The ecclesia included only the freemen of Athens; hence, by a very appropriate transfer, it was applied to the Assembly of Christians, who were all regarded as one, and entitled to equal privileges in the church. In respect to all essential rights, no association of persons has ever existed in which was greater equality than in the church of the apostles' day. In this respect, there was neither Greek nor Barbarian, bond nor free. The Greek word, ecclesia with slight changes, has been retained by the Latin nations of Europe. In the Italian language, it is chiesa; in the Spanish, ighsia, and in the French, eglise. But the Teutonic or Germanic nations have taken their term for the church from another Greek word, kuriakon, an adjective, which, taken with the agreeing noun, soma, signifies the Lord's body, and, with doma, the Lord's house. Hence, we find in the German language, kirche, in the Danish and Scotch, kirke and kirk, and in the English, church. The Apostle Paul, who, in common with most Asiatic writers, had a fondness for the use of metaphors, sometimes represented Christians in their collective capacity as an edifice. ' That thou mayest know how to conduct thyself in the house of God,' he wrote to Timothy; then, in immediate juxtaposition, he used three other similar yet appropriate figures, ' which is the ecclesia or assembly of the living God, the pillar and foundation of the truth.' Again, in addressing Christians, he said, ' Ye are the temple of the living God.' But his favorite figure was that of the human body, which probably as aptly illustrates the real, living church of Christ as any figure that can be empk^ed. 'God has appointed him (Christ), pre-eminently, the head of the ecclesia, which is his body, the fullness of him who fills all things among all.' ' For as the body is one, yet has many members, and all the members of this one body, though many, are but one body, so also is Christ'—that is, Jesus Christ and his church,—'for by one Spirit we have all been baptized into one body.' The figure has been so amply enlarged by the apostle that one can hardly fail to comprehend its full force. He has presented to the imagination a living, active being, composed of various parts, yet all actuated by an impulse; the head devising what is deemed needful for the entire body, and each part acting in harmony with the whole, so that whatever is done by each, contributes equally to the welfare of every other. That which characterizes this being, is the spirit with which it is animated. Its fulness or completeness is from the Infinite Beintr who fills all things. That Beine; is unchangeably the same—Eternal Love. The body that is actuated and governed by Love, evinces it by harmonious action within itself— there can be no division among its various par Is. The figure means this, or it means nothing. Hence, the propriety of these words of the apostle,—' If any man has not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his.' By no effort of the imagination can we include in such a body opposing elements which array the members against each other. We may use other figures, if we choose, to express the various opposing elements that exist among mankind; but how they can be admitted as appropriate to a hoAy moving under the impulse of divine love, and governed by it in all its actions, it would be difficult to tell. Not only must the apostle's rhetoric be changed, but human reason must be reconstructed. Let it be granted that human nature has been such in all ages, that wars and contentions have been unavoidable, yet, why not assign to these their true origin ? If human passions are stronger than God's grace in Christ, yet it was never admitted by the apostle. The Christian's course has been represented by Paul as a warfare, it is true, yet such a warfare as is not inconsistent with the figure of a united body, a well-constructed and beautiful mansion, or a temple which is the glory of the whole earth. So he has represented it as a race, but only such a race, as that in which the prize—the crown of immortal glory—may be gained hj every one who enters upon the race-course. Not so with those who ran in the Grecian stadium. It maybe asked, 'Are you aiming to prove, from a mere figure of speech, that the mighty hosts which have come down to our times through the ages, with the standard of the cross conspicuously elevated above every battallion, every division, and every army, do not really constitute the body of Christ ?' The figure certainly proves this, if these hosts have all along been contending with each other with 'carnal weapons of warfare' as wrell as with 'the sharp sword that goeth out of their mouth,' instead of using those weapons that are 'mighty through God' to destroy sin in themselves. That the history of the past as well as the present condition of the nations show this, every one may see who casts but a cursory glance over both. The ' God of all peace ' as well as of love, rules the body of Christ. It requires no great force of logic to show what must be the result of such rule. But if the figure of speech is not clear enough, then let us take simpler language equally apostolic writh the figure. ' Whosoever doeth not righteousness is not of God, neither he that lovethnot his brother.' ' Let us not love in word, nor in tongue, but in deed and in truth.' ' He laid down his life for us, we ought also to lay down our lives for the brethren.' These words are explicit enough to show that those who make war upon each other, instead of loving and laying down their lives for each other, do not constitute the body of Christ, whatever else they may be. These words of Jesus Christ to his disciples, though expressed in a figure, are sufficiently clear to show of what characters only his church is composed :—' I am the vine, ye are the branches. He that abideth in me and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit. If a man abideth not in me, he is cast forth as a branch that is withered.' The life of the vine and its branches, as well as that of every plant in the vegetable kingdom, is maintained only so long as they adhere to that which supplies the vivifying sap. Christ abides in God, His life is the life of God—eternal love—and those who are united to him also partake of the same life. There is no other alternative,—either make the tree good and its fruit good, or the tree corrupt and its fruit corrupt. The church of Christ, then, consists of those persons, wherever they may be, who are so united to him that his life, which is the highest element of life in the universe—divine love— pervades their being and has a controlling influence upon their entire conduct. In this sense the oft-repeated expression, ' there is no salvation out of the Church,' is true. There is nothing else that will save one, in the broadest and highest signification of salvation, but that which unites him to the divine life, and when he possesses this within himself, he is an integral part of that body in which is the divine completeness. Christ's church has also been represented as a kingdom. This was the prevailing form of government in his day, and that under which the Messiah's government was prefigured by the Jewish prophets, so that it was almost a matter of course that he used such an illustration. But in our democratic age, the figure is less agreeable to the taste than some others. It conveys an idea of too much pomp and splendor. There is too great a distance between ruler and subject. We can scarcely get a glimpse of the meek and lowly Jesus amid the glitter and show of palaces, thrones, and countless attendants, and through the smoke of the adulatory incense. However attractive and venerable it has become by reason of its existence of ages, yet, 'Come from the four winds, 0 breath,' breathe upon and dissolve forever this scene of oriental enchantment! We like better the gentle shepherd leading his flock through verdant pastures and by the side of still waters. If we wished to indulge the feeling of reverence, then we would enter the magnificent temple, -where God dwells and walks among his people. But the figure of the family admits, if not as great a variety and splendor as that of the kingdom, yet more naturalness, more attractiveness to the soul in its gentler and kindlier moods, and is really more in accordance with the spirit of divine love and tenderness that dwelt in Christ. Male and female are each representative of distinctive features or principles in Deity, and as these are one in essence and co-equal in office in the Divine Being, so are they to be, and should be regarded in Christ or in the church. In the family of Christ are Father and Mother. They have their offspring, those who have been born into the higher life of divine love. These are brothers and sisters, possessing equal rights and privileges. There are. in this family, no rights of primogeniture. There is no oldest son to claim all the dignities and in- herit the estate, while the rest are dismissed to the plebeian ranks. There is reciprocal love between parents and children and between brothers and sisters, for love is the clement of their existence. They have unlimited wealth— 'durable riches of righteousness; ' 'all things are theirs, whether things present or things to come,' and they are to remain theirs throughout 'the aoe of ages.' Wm. H. Bussell