Anastasis This word, which is rendered resurrection in our English version of the New Testament, has two important meanings attached to it by Jesus and the Apostles, and these so intimately connected that the use of one immediately suggests the other. One signification is, c new, spiritual life, which succeeds the sensuous life in the Christian believer; and the other, an endless existence. In fact, when the term is applied to Christians, the two ideas, usually, are completely blended. We see how closely connected these were in the mind of Jesus, from the words he addressed to Martha, who was bewailing the death of her brother. 'Jesus said to her, 'Thy brother shall rise again—anastesetai.' Martha said to him, 'I know he will rise again in the resurrection in the last day—en te anastasei en te eschate hermera.' Jesus said to her, 'lam the resurrection and the life; and whoever lives and believes in me will never die.'' The same union of the two ideas is also observed in the reply of Jesus to the Sadducees, who denied that there was to be any anastasis—any rising to a future life. Which of the seven brothers, 'they ask, is to have the woman whom they each married, if they all live hereafter ? The answer is, ' Those having been deemed worthy to obtain that life and the resurrection from the dead—tou aionos ekeinou kai tes anastaseos tes ek nekron—neither marry nor are given in marriage; nor can they die any more.' These two meanings we find also blended in the Apostle Paul's argument in reply to those persons in the Corinthian church who denied the resurrection of the dead. ' There is a sensuous body—soma psuchikon—and a spiritual body.' u The first man is from earth, and the second is from heaven.' 'As ice have borne the image of the earthly, we shall also bear the image of the heavenly.' ' When this mortal shall have put on immortality, then will be fulfilled the recorded saying, 'Death is swallowed up in victory.' ' These two thoughts, it is safe to say, are the prominent ones in the mind of Jesus and of Paul whenever they allude to a future life. Life in God, the heavenly life, is the resurrection, and that is to continue forever. So completely does the *dea of the Divine Life fill their minds that it is as though there were no life in the human race where that is not—all else is death. The Apostle Paul represents himself as eager to rise out of this state of death. ' If by any means I may attain to the resurrection from the dead,' that is, from among those who are dead. All who are destitute ftf this spiritual, heavenly life, are the dea-l. It matters not whether they are in or out of the physical body. This spiritual life is .he life of the last day, the day of the Messih, the eternal age; and this he was striv&gt;» % with all earnestness to gain. It is worthy of notice that, in his argument for the resurrection addressed to the Corinthians, he speaks only of Christians as actual subjects of the resurrection. From this fact some have drawn the conclusion that a part of mankind, in the view of the Apostle, are to be annihilated, or else to remain forever without hope of everlasting life. This is because they have supposed the Apostle to be speaking of an event that is to be accomplished in a brief period of time, and not to continue throughout the Messiah's reign until his work shall be completed. A proper attention, however, to the course of his argument will satisfy any one that no such idea can be deduced from it. Having given his proofs of the appearance of Jesus among the living after his crucifixion by the Jews and the Romans, he exultingly exclaimed, 'Now has Christ been raised from the dead, the first of the sleeping ones. For, since death has intervened through a man, resurrection, also, has come through a man; for, as all die in Adam, so all will be made alive in Christ; but every one in his own order; Christ, first, then those who are Christ's in his corning—en te parousia autou. Then—in due course of time—comes the end—the completion of his work—when he shall have destroyed all rule, and all authority and power opposed to God's. For he must reign until he put all enemies under his feet. Death, the last enemy, shall be destroyed.' It is to be observed, that the Apostle declares all will be made alive, but they will be made alive in Christ. None but Christians are subjects of the resurrection, in the essential, sublime sense of the term, yet none are excluded from the privilege of becoming such. This he puts beyond a doubt by the sweeping declaration, 'All will be made alive in Christ,' in which the all that are to be made alive in Christ are contrasted with the all that die in Adam. He speaks elsewhere, it is true, of those who are to be punished in the time of Christ's coming, but the penalty meted out to them is just that which their offenses merit, according to the age in which they live. It is the diken olethron aionion, a term similar to that which Jude employed when speaking of the guilty inhabitants of Sodom and Gomorrah —the diken puros aioniou—the penalty their offenses demanded in that age. Death and hell are to be destroyed; and, unquestionably, the penalties resulting from violated law, which are more severe the greater the light which one sins against, are means which the Being of Infinite Love uses for the destruction of these enemies of everlasting righteousness. There can be no escape; the penalty is just as certain to follow crime a» day to follow night. And as transgression of the divine laws has been, in one way or another, universal amongmankind, there was no impropriety in the Apostle's regarding all as in a state of death, while he proclaimed a way of deliverance from it for all men. The mode of deliverance is not an arbitrary one; not that of a partial, fitful, passionate being, nor of one who takes pleasure in displaying his power so as to overwhelm with terror and amazement the human soul, and to confound the sense of right and justice implanted in man. God works so as to confound the plans of the proud and self-sufficient, yet always so that his methods of working commend themselves ultimately to the highest reason of his creatures. The Apostle Paul speaks of the resurrection as occurring in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, and yet it is evident, from his statement that each person is to be raised in his own order; that he refers only to the commencement of the work in the individual soul, which may, in fact, be as sudden as the language represents, and jet not occur, in many cases, until after a long preparation in the person for it. His own conversion to Christianity was remarkable for its sudden- ness, and yet he represents himself as striving to the utmost to attain to the resurrection from the dead. ' I have not yet gained, I am not yet perfect, but I am pursuing so as to gain the prize of my high calling.' The resurrection, then, in its essential nature, may commence in this state of being, and in the case of the Apostle, it did so commence. It was to him the introduction to a condition of happiness of which, while he adhered to his Jewish religion, he had no conception. It was a sun, illuminating his entire spirit. It was the rain which waters the tender plants of the new, spiritual life, causing them to grow and become strong. It was the inspiration of divine truth within himself, which made him the effectual preacher of righteousness wherever he went. It was the opening of heaven to his internal view, showing him the heavenly messengers descending and ascending, earthward and heavenward; showing him also, Christ himself, who stood by him and encouraged him in his efforts to advance his cause, and inspired him with strength and courage to bear the numerous persecutions to which he was subjected. The resurrection was to him a spiritual, heavenly life, whose characteristics were joy and peace, gentleness, kindness, and the ardent and abiding love of one who has been baptized into the element of love, in the place of pride, selfwill, hatred and malice; unwavering faith in the infinite goodness of God that purposes and plans the welfare of all his creatures; the substitution of new and living hopes for old prejudices; the breaking down of old barriers that had been interposed by ignorance and folly between different portions of human beings, enabling him to love as ardently and work as earnestly for his Gentile brethren as for those of his own nation. This to him was a present resurrection ; and so he represents it in his epistles to Christians. ' If ye, then, are risen with Christ,' he wrote to them, 'seek those things which are above, where Christ sits at the right hand of God.' And yet it is plain, from his own words, that he regarded the resurrection, in its fullest sense, as something far beyond anything he had yet experienced. He was looking forward to a grand consummation of hopes that he had been led to form. There -v?as a prize at the end of his course which he purposed to gain, a crown of righteousness which, as victor, he expected to wear. 'When Christ, who is our life, shall be manifested, ye also shall be manifested with him in glory.' This glorious manifestation w?x to be the fulfillment of his hopes, his complete deliverance from the state of death in which he still found himself, though he had been elevated already ' to sit in heavenly places in Christ.' That was to be not only freedom from the power of sin, but from the liability of ever again falling into sin. 36 THE SH^KEH. In addition to this expectation of a glorious deliverance from the death of sin, there was an assurance in his mind that this blessedness was to continue forever. ' For me to live is Christ, and to die is gain. I have a desire to depart and 6c vrith Christ, which is far better.' His song of triumph, at the close of his argument for the resurrection, is not only that of the assured victor over sin, but also of one who expects forever to wear his triumphal crown:—'0 death, where is thy sting? 0 Hades, invisible world of the dead, where is thy victory ? Thanks be to God who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ! Victory now, over that which gives to death all its force and bitterness—sin; so that we are elevated completely above it, living lives of purity and practical righteousness in spite of the enemies by whom we are daily beset! Victory in certain prospect over all the foes we now have or may yet have to encounter, until we shall, each, be able to say, ' I have fought the good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith,—henceforth the crown of everlasting life is mine!'' Wm. H. Bussell