Is War Compatible with Christianity? How strange, that in the nineteenth century of the Christian era, there should be a doubt upon this subject! but, inconsistent as it is, a majority of the professedly followers of the 'Prince of Peace ' would, no doubt, answer unhesitatingly in the affirmative. How often in religious tracts and biographies are soldiers taken as models of piety and of exemplary Christian conduct, and among their other virtues they are often described as being very much attached to their profession ! their horrible trade of blood, masked with the name profession ! How often is a beneficent God invoked for a blessing on the murderous weapons of war! Across the Atlantic we behold one of the fairest countries of Europe devastated by a most needless and cruel Avar, where two millions of men endeavored to destroy each other by every means which ingenuity could devise; and the melancholy results of the conflict are now seen:—a desolated country,—towns laid in ashes—thousands upon thousands of men slaughtered in the prime of life; with hundreds of thousands of wounded and disfigured human beings; together with an immense burden of debt that will weigh heavily on their descendants for ages. Friends of humanity, listen, for a voice of woe is heard through the land! The weeping of desolate widows! The wail of the bereaved mother in her agony of grief,— and the pitiful sobs of orphan children ! Even the victors, who, by the chance of war, are spared a desolated and ravaged country, bear a heavy share in its miseries: four hundred fathers killed in one regiment, in repulsing a sortie from Metz, leaving 1,070 orphan children, tells a mournful tale. The Teacher, whom these warring nations profess to follow, said: 'Love your enemies.' ' Bless them that curse you.' ' Do good to them that hate you.' 'I say unto you that ye resist not evil.' 'If a man smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.' Instead of doing this, they aim the deadly riile at a brother's heart,—plunge the cruel bayonet into his breast—mow their brethren down in ranks with the ponderous cannon-ball, or cast their mangled bodies on the blood-stained ground with their worse than diabolical .shells. What a commentary on human consistency is a battle-field,—a Christian (?) battle-field! where enlightened (?) men professing to follow the gentle and loving Jesus of Nazareth, meet in hundreds of thousands to tear each other limb from limb, like wild beasts! What a picture! it makes the Angels weep! But, some will say, ' It cannot be helped; it is impossible to avoid it.' Did Christ teach im- possibilities ? It has been avoided, and it can be avoided. The example of William Penn and his peace-loving Quakers, for 70 years in Pennsylvania,—where the government was sustained without any weapon more dangerous than the constable's staff, and during which there was not one drop of Quaker blood shed, surrounded as they were by powerful tribes of what have been called, ' treacherous and merciless savages ; ' while the neighboring colonies were the theatres of Indian wars and THE SHAKER. 37 bloody massacres—defiantly contradicts the assertion! Neither soldiers nor savages will fight an unarmed peaceful people: Tecurnseh when asked why he did not attack the Shakers at Busrow said: ' What! attack a people who will not fight ? It would be a disgrace to the name of an Indian ! ' Witness again the instance recorded in history, when Alexander, incensed at the Jews for refusing to violate their oath to Darius by furnishing food for his army, marched to Jerusalem, with the intention of chastising them severely. They went out to meet him unarmed, dressed in white, with the high-priest, Jaddus, at their head. What a change was wrought in his conduct! After treating them with the greatest kindness, paying marked respect to their highpriest and exempting them from the payment of the seven years' tribute, he left them in the most friendly manner. Non-resistance, as has been demonstrated in this and thousands of other instances, is practical, politic, humanitarian and Christian; war, on the contrary, is unwise, impolitic, unchristian and diabolical. We appeal to you, friends,—brothers and sisters of our great human family—to unite your influence to banish from the earth this great curse of our race! Let all nations see in the calamities of unhappy France, the fate that has, or will, sooner or later overtake every warring nation. Let all who profess Christianity, see if their practice will bear the only test of discipleship, as given by its founder. ' By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples: that ye have love one for another;' and let those who would continue the barbarous anfi-christian practice of war, hear his last warning, which has been fulfilled among the nations of the earth from that day to this: ' They that take the sword shall perish by the sword.' W. C., Mt. Lebanon