My Shaker Home i In a hamlet, remote from the thronged thoroughfares, Where business and pleasure with folly abound, I dwell in retirement, and breathe the pure airs That flow from the mountains which circle me round. My home is so pleasant, contentment draws near, i. And bids me rejoice in its pleasant retreat So closely allied to that heavenly sphere, Where discord no more may her tauntings repeat. No edict from monarch nor empress I dread, In a President's frowns nothing piercing can see ; Christ, in his true order, I own as my head, And love is the magnet which captivates me. To the goddess of fashion we never bow down, Thus saved from the trouble her votaries share, A cap, smooth and modest, a neat tidy gown, With kerchief and collar, my Sisterhood wear. Our shoes are for comfort, and made to the feet, Not so small to compress them and freedom destroy; Yea, our understandings would be quite a treat, To such slaves of folly as ' Miss Afong Moy.'* Not with jewelled fingers our work we perform, And pendulums hang in our clocks, not our ears, No pearls, nor yet ribbons, our persons adorn, They are deemed quite as useless as crocodile tears. 4 Our costume throughout is well fitted for those Who prize health and comfort, 'bove fashion or pride, And find in a neat humble garb, more repose, Than the gay, pimping lady, whose heart is outside. What can adorn woman like virtue and love ? A heart full of kindness and heavenly grace, These deck her with jewels and charms far, above All that art can devise for the form or the lace. 5 O let me be clothed in garments of these, And thankfully toil in my plain Shaker dress ; For Wisdom's bright treasures which give the heart ease, And clothe me in raiment of true righteousness. I'll toil for these blessings, these jewels of love, Ills patiently suffer, that cannot be cured, From under the cross never seek to remove, To be by the world, or its follies allured. *A Chinese woman who exhibited her small feet in this country some years since. B. K., Canterbury, N. H.