Right and Light The First Cause of all causes we call God; by descending terms, Father and Mother; Being and Will; Truth and Love; I am and I do ; Spirit and Matter ; Religion and Science. The religious instinct is inherent in the human race. A recognition of God is the fountain of goodness, and source of truth. The desire to be and do good, is religion. The desire to know how, why, and when to be good, is theology. Spiritualism is the soul of all systems of philosophy. The rudest of races have their philosophical theologicol cosmogony; and some of the most civilized and cultured of the races have not been exceeded, in absurdity, by the most savage, in their theories of creation, the being and attributes of God, the nature and destructibility of matter, etc. This is under the general law, that 'light is sown for the righteous—the doers of right; and darkness of the understanding for the violators of law, physiological and spiritual.' It is a historical and present fact, that a highly-civilized nation, like the French, are, to a large extent, seeking happiness through the exercise of the same passions, and by the excitement of the same senses, that it is sought for by the Hottentots. ' In Paris, pleasure, or more properly, sensuality, appears to be carried to its highest possible summit.'—Swedenborg. The nobility and serfs of Russia, if not equally sensual, in the use of their absorbing and procreating powers, the balance is in favor of the serfs, who, by poverty and the necessities of existence, are kept in a more simple physiological condition ; their passions not being inflamed by abnormal excitants, in drink and food; while the nobles are as full-fed horses, each one neighing after his neighbor's wife—the abuse of nutrition and reproduction. It has come to pass, that while in the wisdom of God, ' the world by wisdom '— material and sensual theology—' knew not God,' it has pleased God, by the foolishness of preaching, and the ministration of the Spirit of God, acting upon the same senses that evil acts upon, has saved them that believe, from the indulgence of gluttony and drunkenness, and from fruitless sexuality, which has been more emphatically the work of darkness, whether by the married or unmarried, as it is the most concentrated form of human evil. The priests of Nature—Pythagoras, Diogenes, Plato, Seneca, and the Stoics, enjoined self-control, and, to a great extent, self-denial of the senses, as did the Avaters, like Confucius, Buddha, Zoroaster, Jesus; they touched each other. The material worlds ! the spiritual worlds ! Why, is it not all spirit, in dif- ferent stages of unfoldment, from the stand-point of Deity ? All spirit, more or less externalized, down to the earths, which are first, gas and ether, then granite, rock and diamond. All matter, more or less attenuated, sublimated, etherealized, up to the lowest spirit sphere, and thence up to the heaven of heavens. Jesus inherited physiological and moral conditions derived from a long line of self-controlling, self-denying ancestry, con- creted into an organized body like the Essenes, who, throughout the Jewish history, did not eat animal food; nor did they fight or marry. This gave Jesus an advantage over all other human beings, Adam and Eve not excepted: because their innocence and goodness was that of the baby-hood of the race. As a child, his aspirations were upward, towards the seventh heaven. A comparatively-few of his countrymen and women, of the Jews, approximated the high religious status to which he attained. It should be distinctly remarked, that it was in goodness, rather than in intellectuality—in religion rather than in theology, that he excelled. ' Whence hath this man this knowledge, seeing he knoweth not letters,' plainly indicates that he belonged to the order of human beings who were called to externalize God on this earth in their lives, rather than in deep, great, and grand philosophical and scien- tific theories, explanatory of the mysteries of creation to the human understanding. His work was to make human beings good and true lovers of God, and companions of angels ; as social beings, to learn them to love one another with a pure heart, fervently; to pray, rather than study. This was religion; and 'none but a good man can be a true philosopher.' When Paul came up, who was also of a good philosophical and intellectual stock, and had been educated in all the learning and culture of the Jews, he taught theology—the science of the religion of Jesus. It was an effort of the human mind to comprehend the height and depth, and length and breadth of the work of human redemption, and to systematize and explain it logically. During the first three centuries, the religious organizations having all things common, created by the holy Christ Spirits acting upon the emotions and affec- tions, and operating in the hearts of the lovers of righteousness (not mere lovers of knowledge), stood the test of internal corruption and outward persecution ; but they finally succumbed, and a Gentile bishop led the Jerusalem Pentecostal Church : a fit type of the ' man of sin,' who was to inhabit the most holy temples in the Gentile world for twelve hundred and sixty years of educational preparation of its heathen people to receive the Christ of God in the female Order, through a female Messiah, as the Jews had received him in the male order through Jesus—a male and female Christ manifested through male and female human beings. During the reign of Anti-christ, Spiritualism operated to create a mixture of elements. Hebrew, Christian, Heathen, Mahommedan, and everything in heaven and on earth—all the spheres being confusedly blended together—the relation of the natural and spiritual worlds was abnormal, represented by three unclean spirits, like frogs (amphibious) proceeding out of the mouth of the dragon—heathenism ; of the beast—the Catholic, Protest- ant, and Greek Churches ; and of the false prophet—the heretics and witnesses: false miracles, false relics, false confessions and absolutions; false piety, which thought killing was doing God service ; false marriages, doctrines of devils; false everything. Whoredom, adultery, fornication, are terms plentifully used by divine religionists, to represent the commingled wickedness of these so-called Christian Churches. ' Babylon the Great, the Mother of Har THE SHA.KER. lots—Whores;' by which obnoxious terms, the reforming daughters of the Roman and Greek Churches, and State Governments, are not inaptly designated. As in the days of Jesus, the Essenes— the ancient Quakers ; and the Sadducees— the ancient Materialists—alone escaped his denunciations; so, in our own time, the modern Essenes—true Quakers; and the modern Sadducees, organized into the American Governments, in our day, of all others, go the most unrebuked by the 'seed of the woman'—the followers of Ann Lee,—who are bruising, in themselves, the head of the sensual powers and passions of Christendom, the lust of sexual indulgence; the nude statue and black crooks of this ' Murder of the Innocents ' age, which has legalized monopoly of the life elements; thus making war and the destruction of embryonic human beings a society necessity, in order to hold in check population, which continually presses on the means of subsistence in cities, towns, and villages. It is said, that the private character of Swedenborg, from youth to manhood, was altogether irreproachable. He opened the portals of the invisible world, which the Protestants had closed, to keep wicked men and women from coming back to them, as they had been in the habit of doing under the Catholic rule; so that they were like people who shut the door against their enemies, by refusing to admit even their friends, the angels. Never was the simile of the ladder which Jacob saw, so appropriately illustrated as in the case of this seer. He was a believer and follower of Jesus in his first advent upon earth. He began, as Assessor of Mines in Sweden, and went up the ladder of the sciences to the great First Cause. Like his ante-type, John the Baptist, he lived a celibate life. 'He complains that his scientific labors were not appreciated ; that his productions are looked down upon, by a number of political blockheads, as mere scholastic exercises, which ought to stand back, while their presumptuous finesse and intrigues step forward. He said the beginning of nature was identical with the beginning of geometry.' ' He discovered the science of crystallography, or law of crystals. Every metal has particles of its own, of a peculiar form; the same being true of all mundane substances, from the rocks to the most etheralized elements. The various shapes of these atomic crystals cause the different tastes, smells, and feelings which attach to them. He appears to have labored to apprehend the origin and arrangement of matter in the earths, and also, to apprehend the nature and condition of the intelligent atoms which compose their social organizations, and are the inner worlds, so far as he found entrance thereinto. He affirmed that the object of his mission was, to ' demonstrate immortality to the natural senses:' that is, Spiritualism. His prevailing idea was, that external objects were the product of internal powers and and forces.' 7