The Social Evil ' And now, also, the axe is laid unto the root of the trees.'' John, 3:10. It was the peculiar mission of the first founders of Shakerism to bear testimony against the ' social evil,' in all its phases, legal and illegal, and in all its relations and bearings in human life; hence, it was reported that they condemned marriage; but this was a mistake—they only condemned the abuses and evils cloaked under it, holding it to be exclusively a civil right, and not a Christian institution. And when it was incorporated into the Christian system, in the outer court, in the Apostles' days, it was considered more of an innovation than from divine authority— hence, it was said: ' Brethren, the time is short that remaineth; that both they that have wives shall be as though they had none.' America is destined to take the lead in all the reforms of the 19th century. Through the power of the invisible, operating through a visible agency, great and mighty things have been accomplished, and still greater things remain to be met and overcome. Seeming im- possibilities belong to the past and not to the present age of the world. Various opinions are entertained by reformers as to the best manner of disposing of the ' social evil.' It seems to be a principle inherent in human nature, and been handed down from time imme- morial ; like some old chronic hereditary disease, hard to eradicate, and too delicate a subject for public discussion. Yet, reformers say something must be done, and this false delicacy must be laid aside before science can be brought to bear successfully against it. True ! But, we say, the reason why reformers in the past have not been able to reform the world, is, because they have not been sufficiently radical on this point. Now we propose to begin at the root of human depravity, and put away the cause, that the effect may cease. ' And now, also, the axe is laid unto the root of the trees,' etc. Man in scripture is com- pared to trees and known by his fruit; and it may be that we have all, in the past, eaten apples very improperly. Trees are in the plural and implies both sexes, because both sexes are involved in the social evil. Perhaps there is no sentiment more common concerning its origin, which is implied, if not expressed, than the fact, that had it not been for the transgression of Adam and Eve, in the Garden of Eden, we should not have been found in this fix; or, in other words, the social evil would never have existed. The cause of the 'social evil,' and the root of human depravity is traced back to Adam's transgression; to a lawless principle, which was never essential to the reproduction of the human race—the excessive indulgence of which, is the great problem now up for discussion. In scripture language, the principle is called by different names; 'lust,' 'flesh,' 'old man,' 'forbidden fruit,' 'man of sin,' 'son of perdition,' 'carnal mind,' 'devil,' 'dragon,' 'evil,' 'which the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with ;he brightness of his coming,' etc. (2 Thes. 2:8.) Which are all synonymous in their signification. But the great question is, what shall we do with it ? This is the problem :— How shall we eradicate it without destroying the human race? Science cannot doit; if it ould, it would have been done long ago. Philosophy cannot do it; it has tried, and proved a failure. But science and philosophy, combined with practical obedience to law and order; can do it; it has been done. What has been done can be done again. It is of so long standing and so incorporated into the very heart and core of humanity, that we admit the difficulty. The principle in and of itself is lawless—is not subject to any law, neither indeed can be, when left uncontrolled by a superior and higher power. The principle is bad — it is wicked in the extreme!—it has been tried before the High Court of Heaven, and found guilty of the most abominable crimes; the earth, itself, bearing witness against it; and the sentence pronounced by the Court and Judge of all the earth, is, death. It is doomed to crucifixion, by a daily cross and self-denial; that is, total abstinence; starving it to death by inches, until the principle is entirely eradicated from the soul. This can be done without extinguishing the human race, by recognizing two orders of people, viz.: the natural order, and the spiritual order— separate and distinct. These two orders comprise the whole family of man, and admit of different grades and degrees. Each order is governed by its own laws. Two great problems have been solved in the United States within the last century, viz.: the actual practice of a 'virgin life,' and 'community of interest,' without the aid of nunneries and monasteries; where the sexes enjoy social and daily intercourse, and preserve their chastity from year to year, and have for the last seventy-five years. They prefer keeping the higher law. This was so new and strange at first, that the world did not believe that this profession of life could be actually produced and carried out. Elder F. W. Evans, of Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., one of the most progressive minds of the age, in a letter to North Union, dated May 25th, 1868, said: 'For the first fifty years, the question of there being a resurrection order on the earth, and quietly living pure, celibate lives, was always met with the scoffs and jeers of the world, with the charge that they did not so live; that ended the argument. ' Thus the world called in question the fact of any living lives of chastity. Eighty years have passed away, and that fact, now, is no longer called in question. Hundreds of men and women have lived together, maintaining a close, social relation, upon the basis of pure celibacy, for eighty years in succession, known to the thinking, philosophical mind as a prob34 THE SHA-KER. 35 lem not to be (but is now) solved. This fact, Henry Vincent will make known on his return to England.' J. S. P., North Union