Plain Talks—No, 2 Our warfare and weapons are not carnal; but spiritual and mighty when exercised with earnestness and wisdom. We are bold adventurers in a most extraordinary endeavor— overcoming the world ! We have taken issue with the world; and against its allurements we mean to wage the most unrelenting warfare —knowing no such word as failure. The world, against which we turn our efforts, is composed of 'the lusts of the flesh, of the eyes, and the pride of life ! ' We are charged with being contracted in our religious life working only to the overcoming of the lusts of the flesh. We know this to be the root of the great tree of evil; and had better work eternally here, than attempt to kill the tree of evil by pruning among its branches. We find, that success in battling against the lusts of the flesh assures us of that peace which humanity, generally, know not of; nor can they know until, beginning as children in the school of Christ, they learn that A, B, C is self-denial to their animal appetites, that have made their souls so dyspeptic that the least morsel of truthful testimony against a carnal, fleshly life., afflicts them like a vomit, and they pour forth the vilest thoughts, feelings and persecutions against the mediums of this testimony. Thousands, while knowing the lusts of the flesh to be their greatest enemy, implore of the Shakers not to destroy this god of sensuality. We find that sensuality does not pay, physically nor spiritually; and that it is very unchristian in its mildest attacks—as observed in marriage, etc. We do not abhor marriage— we get along with it in our warfare against fleshly lusts, just as our great Captain did—by letting them severely alone! We ask of Christians to do no better with them. And here the argument comes in: ' It is natural to desire marriage ! ' So it is; and our choice is to aspire above earthly desires, to inaugurate on the earth 'thy kingdom come,' which shuts out marriage, private property, and their consequences—misery, disease, war and famine; these are of the world and belong not among the resurrected ! Truly, we have taken an advanced step in a life of purity—under the self-denying restraints of a celibate life—while living as spiritual Brethren and Sisters in a common household— God's spiritual house ! And while the unselfdenying would feign disbelieve in our accomplishment of this, and picture to themselves the horrors of ' the eunuch for the kingdom of heaven's sake,' we assure them there is a continual increase of comfort on our journey through life; that we never suffer anything, in. consequence of self-denial, that will compare with their self-indulgences, even of the first nuptial evening—and then, how different the results of their sufferings and of ours ! This brings an increasing purity, eternal in character; that brings with it disgust, disappointment, bitter anguish and soul-defilement, that grow not less with increased indulgence, but constantly make wide the gulf between their souls and God ! ' Oh, for a closer walk with God ! ' ' Neanr, my God, to thee!' And while, as before intimated, some choose to disbelieve our position in life, as regards our testimony against all fleshly lusts, in whatever form of indulgence, we mean to advance still farther in the work of self-denial, and leave all who love the world still farther in the rear. ' Away from the world of fleshly lusts! ' was the first of seven trumpets; six more are to sound; and the worldly will observe true Shakers engaging in advanced works of self-denial—progressing ' from faith unto faith.' Wre view the habits of a worldly life—intemperance in fleshly lusts, in eating, drinking, swearing, tobacco-using and fighting—to be the refusal of the soul to increase in godliness ; no- thing can suppress these; but something can supplant them. And that religion is a false and worthless one, that does not present its subjects with substitutes for these, that speak of eternal enjoyment; that does not supplant them with food that stops that yearning for something—which something is spiritual advancement, and the true remedy, resurrection of life, and in our ways of life,—living as Christ lived; who neither lived in those lusts which the world glory in; was not a tippler; was never seen with cigar, pipe nor quid; would not fight; had good health—the result of temperance in all things. We admit the world of humanity, generally, to be in our advance on the outward run; but, on the home-stretch, we feel ourselves nearer our Father's and Mother's home. *