Humility—No. 1 Every virtue has its foundation in the truth and reason of things; and Humility, with all other graces, must rest on this immutable basis. A certain divine being asked which was the most excellent of the Christian graces, answered ' Humility.' Being further interrogated which was the next, again replied ' Humility; ' and being a third time pressed with the question, still answered 'Humility.' Intending thus to intimate that humility must be the constant temper and mental condition of the Christian ; and that without it, all other graces are incomplete. Humility arises from a true sense of our own condition and the real relation we stand in to God and our fellow beings; and as it admits of no assumptions of excellence we do not possess, neither does it consist in any degradation of ourselves below what is strictly true. All degradation below what is real and sincere, is mere mock-humility. It is pride in disguise desiring to be considered a paragon of that lowly virtue of which it is destitute. In vain shall we search the scriptures for one self-degrading expression that Jesus ever made, though he declared himself to be meek and lowly in heart; his humility arose from the perception and acknowledgment of the great truth, that of himself he could do nothing. It has been thought by some, that humilty arises from a proper sense and acknowledgment of our sins; but this cannot be true, since the most glorious and perfect natures are always the most humble. Jesus, though the most perfect of men, was the most humble, and his humility arose from a clear perception of his entire dependence upon God, and a cheerful submission to the divine will. If humility be predicated on a sinful state, then can this divine virtue have no place in the hearts of the just; the saints must be destitute of it; it can have no place in heaven. If humility be an immortal virtue, and of perpetutal obligation, based on the entire dependence of all created intelligences on their Creator, then may saints and the highest archangels will be humble, and eternally so. All aping of simplicity or pretensions to a childish state, which it is impossible we should really possess, is so far either from simplicity or humility, that it is downright duplicity. To perceive the propriety of humility in the intellect without desiring it in the heart, is like mentally perceiving the necessity of food without having an appetite for it. By boasting of our deserts we intrench upon our humility. The being unjustly disgraced is not exactly humiliated, but it may assist us to be humble. Seeing it is our duty to do all the good we can, we cannot merit praise; we have but ''one our duty. Praise belongs to God. How foolish is pride! How vain is ambition ! How absurd for nothings to contend which shall be the greatest! Praise may do for children, and all who seek it may be counted such. Men know that it neither belongs to them nor becomes them. Men may condemn and contemn, but he that has a pure conscience will not be disturbed, unless he be still under the influence of that vile affection which cannot be satisfied with ' the honor that cometh from God only,' but earnestly craves the honor of mortal worms like himself. In proportion as any one is dead to self, and to the desire of the honors of men, in the same proportion is he regardless of the unjust censures of mortals. He that is greatly disturbed at the reproaches of men, will, if he examine deeply into his own heart, find that he is either more or less obnoxious to censure, or too much alive to self, and eagerly coveting the applause of creatures, rather than the approbation of God, in his own conscience. Seek no greatness but to be great in thy conceptions and love of the one only Infinite and Eternal Good. It is a greater blessing to be censured when innocent than to be praised when undeserving. You say you was equally faithful with your brother, yet he was praised, while you was neglected. Be thankful it was so. You desire to be humble. Praise might puff' you up. How happy was your escape ! What have you to complain of? Did you act from a sense of duty and to please God ? If so, your consciousness of having done your duty is a sufficient reward. If you are not satisfied with that, you may detect in yourself the sordid motive of working for human applause. If you act from the base motive of obtaining the praise of men, disappointment is the best thing that could befall you. 'How can you believe, who receive honor one of another?' All the blessings I enjoy flow from the all- bountiful giver of every good, unmerited by me. This must be so, unless. I can make it appear that my talents are self-created—selfderived, and not the gift of God the Creator. Of what can I boast ? What can I claim for my services ? Wrhen I have done all that is commanded, what can I say, but that I am an unprofitable servant ? I have only occupied the talents that wer» given me. How fond we are of fame, and yet what is it ? A mere modification of air, so articulated as to inflate us with the notion that we are, what we are not. A good character is not merely a good name in the mouths of others, but a good nature in ourselves. He that has the peace of God in his soul cannot be rendered unhappy, though all men call him a demon; but he that is unreconciled in heart will be wretched, though all men call him a saint. R. W. P., U. V., Ohio