Tobacco It is nearly thirty years, since an inspirational testimony from the heavens was deliver- ed to the Societies of Shakers, against the use of tobacco, swine's flesh, and alchohol; the latter being permitted to be used discretionately, by direction of physicians only. Our people were generally tobacco users; pork and cider were common at every meal; yet they were abandoned and by many, never indulged in afterward, though some had been habitual users of pork, alchohol and tobacco for upwards of thirty years. There never was a time in our history, when the same testimony against tobacco was more needed, though but few of the old Believers use it; and they sorrowfully. It is a lamentable fact, that two thirds of all persons asking admittance to our Society, are habitual users of tobacco in one or more forms! And what are we to do ? We cannot yet feel, that because of its use, thejr should be denied the privilege of confessing and repenting of still greater sins—'the lusts of the flesh, of the eyes, and the pride of life'—acknowledging, that the use of tobacco is a barrier, to speak mildlj^, to the overcoming of the sins of the world. Prominent mind among us do not fear that our testimony is ai all too strong—nor that we shall need to back down from any position we have taken; even while we admit its use with adults having formed the habit, under protest, and denying the right of minors to engage in it at all. The argument that all nations practice it, is one that we will withstand; and nothing will con- vince us that it is respectable, nor any so respectable, as if they did not use the weed. The finer sensibilities of our nature sicken at the thought that our clean, consecrated dwellings, should ever again be polluted with the fumes or saliva of the tobacco user. There is a moral responsibility resting on us, to be exemplars to mankind, by a continuance in self-denial to this bewitching narcotic. Once wre were as deeply in love with it as any outside of our Society are, or can be. We well remember our social smokings,—when, with our well-filled clay pipes of home manufacture, we would make the air blue with the fumes of the weed! Who wishes the return of those seasons ? We accept with joy the light that science has shed upon the subject— that it has, as usual, taken the hand of our religion, declaring tobacco no less respectable than rum, and that it is a moral and spiritual degenerator, and a physical disorganize!1. The writer of this was a rank tobacco user, but has long since abandoned its use; and all honor to those who have done likewise. We cannot be saviours to others in this, nor in any other respect, until we first are saved. It is to be hoped that we will not be hypocrites, by practicing what we preach against, as we commonly fault Christendom generally. We have proclaimed against the lusts of the flesh and of the mind; against rum, pork and tobacco; and if we engage therein, do not let us seek to hide them under Christian colors. W. R-----s, Union Village, O.