Henry C Blinn to the Young Accepting the kind offer of ' The Shaker,' we have joined company with those who are interested in the 'Juvenile Department.' Kindly thank you, dear Editor, for bearing us in remembrance. We find our spirit closely conjoined to yours, in the hope that our little paper may be a home educator; hence the necessity of a department for the young, one where the children and youth will be as well represented as are the theologians in other sections of the paper. A thorough understanding of the elementary principles, is the securing of a good foundation upon which to build a permanent superstructure While our superiors are earnestly contending for the faith and devotedly advocating their religious views, we may be as acceptably engaged on the subject of good behavior and moral deportment. We should not only be interested in these for our own especial benefit, but at the same time for the blessing it confers upon others. ' Suffer little children to come unto me,' is the voice of parental care. The spirit of this should indelibly form its impression upon the mind. Good children. Virtuous youth. With what satisfaction we are led to express these titles of affectionate regard. We are influenced to this, in part, from the manifestation of the good spirit that dwells with you at the present time, and also, from the anxious hope of what you may be in more mature years. Now, the question arises, whose names'shall we write under the above titles ? Shall it be the boy or girl who does not use vulgar or improper language ? Shall we write the names of those who 'never told a lie,' or of those who have never taken anything from father, mother, brother or sister, without their consent ? Poor children! we fear the names would be few, indeed, if you submitted to this examination. What shall we do ? Well, all my young friends may consider themselves as the ones addressed. Not only those who have been called good and virtuous, but we will also include that class who may not have earned a public expression of this title. The 'best boy' or girl may hare done wrong, a few times, while the ' worst boy' or girl have no doubt been credited with one or more kind and generous acts. A close selfexamination into the motives which influenced you to do, or not to do, can be the only test of your goodness. Do as well as you have learned, and you will find many willing friends to assist you. When we say that it is easier to be good, than it is to be wicked; that it is easier to tell the truth, than to tell a falsehood; that it requires no greater effort to speak a kind word, than it does to speak an unkind word, we simply tell you what experience has taught many who have gone before you. Try it. Be kind to he aged, and be respectful to all. Always speak the truth! No matter what you may liave done! Never conceal it under false stories. Speak the truth! One misrepresentation will lead the way to another, and every false word arries you farther and farther from a correct statement, and you are less able to acknowledge the truth by an honest confession. By all means, speak the truth! In connection with the above, we find this, generally, to be the case. Those who tell falsehoods will steal! If you would sustain a good character, never take that which does not belong to you. If you wish to. possess it, ask for it. If your request is not granted, you may be disappointed, but if you have any respect for yourself, or love for your friends, do not steal! False and wicked stories will grow from it, which may not only injure you for the society of the good, but may at the same time bring hours of sorrow to those who have taken a deep interest in your welfare. If you have ever told that which is untrue, honestly confess it before your father or mother, or before those who are acting as your guardians. If you have ever taken that which did not belong to you, return it to the owner, if possible, and then make an honest confession of it, and promise never to do so again. Be very careful of your words and actions, lest jon acquire these bad habits and lose the honor of a good name. Beware, young friends, of the first temptations to do wrong. They may lead to a ruinous practice. H. C. B.