Shakerism and Spiritualism in their Moral Aspects All religions that have attained great proportions, if perhaps we except the Confucian system of China, have had their original base in some sort of spiritual manifestations. Both profane and ecclesiastical history sustain us in this position. Believers have had experiences relating to Spiritualism extending over more than a century ; for our visible founder, Mother Ann Lee, was a visionist, and wonderfully endowed with spiritual gifts. Studying the histories of nations and religions, it becomes clear to us, that com- municating spirits were, in the past, as in the present, good and bad, orderly, disor- derly, and even demoniac. This with us has been a matter of prayerful consideration. As a body of people, we have never exercised these gifts for idle curiosity or worldly gain. Spirits, entrancing, or otherwise controlling certain of our brethren and sisters, in several of our Societies, many years before the famous Rochester disturbances, distinctly informed us that the spiritual manifestations which we had enjoyed (during a period of seven years), would go out into the world, even to the outer court of the Temple of Humanity! These heavenly intelligences further prophesied what the result of this wide-spread, promiscuous spirit-intercourse in the world would be; and these prophecies are being continually verified. Under the providence of God, by the law of eycles, prophecy is allied to cause and effect. And having, for several years, been anxiously expecting the breaking-out of those spiritual manifestations, we, upon the first hearing of the Rochester rappings, appointed a committee to visit the Fox girls in New York city, paying our dollar a-piece for admission. This committee at once recognized the presence of spirits, and believed it to be the prelude to extensive manifestations of different kinds, and so reported upon their return. Subsequently, we witnessed the astounding manifestations then occurring in the family of Dr. Phelps. In brief, for the last twenty years and more, we have seen very much of these manifestations in the outer 50 THE SHAKER. court; have been attentive readers of the spiritualistic journals and books; and were visited by the late Secretary Stanton, Dr. Grey and Judge Edmonds, of New York, and many others of the most distinguished spiritualists in the country. Therefore, when we read of spiritualists failing to organize—of their disintegrating elements and tendencies, and their frequent descent into the 'snare of the pit,' we are in no way surprised, knowing that there will yet be greater and more fiery discussions in the camp ; and many ambitions will meet with a worse than a Sedan defeat. The angels are separating the ' chaff from the wheat.' The three unclean, amphibious spirits ('like frogs') which issued from the mouths of the three great powers — Paganism, Catholicism, and Protestantism—are already in the land. Selfish, disorderly Spiritualism is the parent of Free-loveism, of inordinate, unclean affections and carnal relations, under the instigation of demons—' spirits of devils.' Comparatively, few spiritualists seem to understand the situation; some, however, are seeking a higher plane, and a more religious life; and quite unknown to themselves, are affiliating with the purer principles and practices which characterize our Shaker Communities. In a late anniversary address, delivered in New York, on the 81st of March, by Judge Edmonds, we find this significant paragraph: ' From us, the physical manifestations -which once so powerfully excited our wonder have almost entirely departed. Their office was to establish the reality of a spiritual life, and the fact of communion with it. That office with us has been performed. That work is done; and henceforth the appeal is not to our senses, but to our intellects and our hearts; to the reason which God has given us, and to the spirit of devotion—at once the attribute and the badge of our immortality—which He has implanted in us. 14 Our duty is plain and simple. It is to receive, to digest, and to comprehend the revelations which are proflered to us of the existence and the actualities of the future life; to receive and realize the great principles which are to fit us for that life, and which can make it to us a source of happiness, or otherwise.' That Spiritualism as an organic movement is making no progress, but rather declining, is as evident to Spiritualists as to ourselves. There are various reasons for this: In the majority of places the management of spiritualistic institutions (Spiritualists themselves being authority), is in the hands of self-seekers; and Spiritualism has fallen into questionable company. Pretension, noise, and confusion, are the stars in the ascendancy. As the tree is known by its fruit, may we ask what these twenty-three years of Spiritualism have done for the world ? Has it discovered a single new truth capable of demonstration as such ? Has it initiated and carried out any new reform movement ? Have mediums excelled all others in the purity of their lives ? Have rich Spiritualists built homes for orphans, retreats for the aged, asylums for the deaf, dumb, and blind; and Bethels for the destitute? Has their morality, generally, excelled that of their neighbors who profess the various sectarian religions ? That ' free-love ' passion prevails extensively among mediums is proven often by the testimony of mediums themselves. Go to New York, Boston, Chicago—any of the cities—and ask the leading Spiritualists to give you, according to their best knowledge and belief, the moral standing, as regards purity, chastity, and celibacy, of the mediums in their immediate vicinity. Are they truthful, temperate, and chaste ? is the first inquiry of the good man and the philanthropist. What is the moral influence of Spiritual- ism—how does it affect character? how have controlling spirits affected the mediums long under their influence ? These are practical inquiries. Believers have but little sympathy with many of the doctrines published in the spiritualistic papers. They are sometimes unreasonable, and often untrue, besides being expressed in a manner coarse, dogmatic, and irreligious; some are glaringly atheistic. The editor of the ' Religio Philosophical Journal,'1'' a spiritualistic weekly, printed in Chicago, in writing up his ' Search after God,' flatly denies the existence of any Supreme Being. These are his words : 'Man. and not God, was connected with the organization of matter into worlds and systems of worlds. A large portion of mankind attributes the creation of this earth and the other planets to an infinite, omniscient, omnipotent, God. They have no foundation whatever upon which to predicate such a supposition. * * * What! Man make a planet; launch into the regions of space a comet; or organize a system of worlds for the unlbldment of other races of human beings ? Yes; we say, emphatically, Yes, and care not a straw for the denial of others. Worlds and systems of worlds bow to the nod of man. Point me to anything in Nature that was made by God. Individualized man is the moving cause of creation. Do we declare that man conceived, made, and launched the earth into the regions of space ? Most assuredly we do. We propose to prove that an infinite God is an impossibility. All the Gods we have found, are myths. No omnipresent God made this earth.'' ' Man make a planet! Yes—we say emphatically, Yes,' writes this editor. As it is generally admitted that the heathen gods were once athletic men, we wonder that the writer, considering how fearfully the world is given to ' wine and women,' did not tell us that this planet was created by Bacchus, the drunken, free- love hero of antiquity. Such verbose dogmatism, and arrant atheism, as make up the warp of these wordy articles is deplorable. These atheistic Spiritualists would do well to remember that Plato, Socrates, Jesus, Kepler, Newton, Locke, Hume, Macauley, Leibnitz, Swedenborg, Voltaire, Thomas Paine, Buckle, Joan of Arc, Ann Lee, and the good of all ages, were Theists—believers in God. Accounting for the creation of man the R. P. Journal of May 22, 1869, says: ': Within man is the action of Nature's forcesIn nature there are sixty-eight primal elements—thirtyfour positive, and thirty-four negative; or thirty-four female, and thirty four male, which, after courting for millions of years in the mammoth, in fishes, in reptiles, and various other animals, were brought together in harmonious action or were wedded together, and the result was ' man.''' This explanation disposes of not only all Bible accounts, but also Darwin's ' Origin of Species,' Sixty-eight male and female elements ' courting' a few millions of years in the stomachs of 'mammoths ' and slimy 'reptiles,1' were finally ' wedded,' and ' man ' was. Hereafter, let all scientists hold their peace. Not mentioning the doctrine of il Whatever is, is Right,' so common among Spiritualists, many of the teachings which appear in their journals, are positively demoralizing, giving those so inclined a plausible pretext for indulging in sensualism and all kinds of Free-love gratifications. In the copy of February 20, 1869, of the above-named journal, the editor teaches, that 'Virtue, serene and happy, one of God's most beautiful flowers, blushes when she hears her Father traduced and vilified; and though her eyes are brilliant, and her countenance all aglow with innocence, she has sense enough to know that Vice, traduced, vilified, scorned, looked at with supreme contempt, spat upon, is her sister, and she loves her, recognizing that she, too, is a jewel in that beautiful casket which God himself created. She does not scorn her— no, she would not—she dare not. She loves her. Pure affection, unsullied innocence, a part of the Great I Am, loving her sister, Vice. Strange, bewildering conclusion! Within, without, all aronnd, we feel the presence of angelic influence. Virtue, pure, angelic, no 1 ; Vice, diseased, unclean, and repulsive—they meet and caress; they love each other. * * * Virtue is one condition ; Vice another; both equally commendable in the sight of God, when he considers the cause that created both respectively; yet one not as lovely or beautiful as the other. * * * In licentiousness we find an outcropping of the God element in man, not for the gratification of that element. Oh, no! but for the purpose thereby of inducing certain conditions that would place it in harmonious relations. Scout the idea as you may; deem it absurd, if you wish; say, 'Fanaticism run wild,'' if you choose; still the God element in man will constantly work for conditions suitable for its nature, whether in the field of Virtue or Vice.' The term 'God element' plainly implies Materialism ; hence it would be more proper to term the ' Harmonial Philosophy ' the Material Philosophy; but what is the tendency of this spiritualistic teaching, that ' Virtue is the sister of Vice ? ' that Virtue and Vice meet and caress? that they love each other? and are 'both equally commendable in the sight of God?' and, further, that 'licentiousness is an outcropping of the God element in man?' Saying nothing of the celibacy of THE SHAKEE. 51 Believers, who ' stand on Mount Zion;' in the Resurrection life, it seems strange to us, that clean people anywhere can encourage such teaching; and stranger, that the ' Banner of Light ' could endorse and extravagantly praise this II. P. Journal, and personally laud the editor. The following occurs in the R. P. Journal of March 6, 1869 : 'In the inebriate, in the licentious, the essence of the 'God is love.' glistens beautifully, though only seen by angels'eyes; and the day is not far distant when its rough exterior shall be washed away, and its heavenly brilliance will be visible even to our eyes. Man does not stand in the relation of a subject to God; but as a part and parcel of him; owing no allegiance but to the God element of his nature, and worshiping no God except by obeying the promptings within.' In the paragraph quoted above this, the editor tells us, that ' We find an outcropping of the God element in the licentious;' and, in this last paragraph, he assures us that ' Man owes no allegiance but to the God element of his nature.' We have only to say, that we hope this class of Spiritualists practises better than these journals preach. As a body of Believers, seeking to live as Jesus lived, by dying to the earthy, that we may live the heavenly life, we make but little pretension to mere literary or scientific accuracy; but, be it far from us to ever publish, as original, such matter as is contained in the above-quoted paragraphs. With this kind of Spiritualism, Believers cannot have the least fellowship. It is from beneath, ' earthly and sensual:'' the life lived is the test. Some Spiritualists, however, are among the excellent of the earth; they are not far from the kingdom of heaven—not far from becoming Shakers, though calling themselves Spiritualists. We speak of the masses of Spiritualists, and ask, in all sincerity and humility, if their lives are as pure and godly as those of Believers; or even as pure and orderly as those of Swedenborgians and Unitarians ? Does not irreligion and a scoffing spirit prevail extensively among the devotees of Spiritualism ? 'A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit.' In our view, then, Spiritualism is one of the elements of Babylon—Christendom; and belongs to the image of the beast— Protestantism. It is the ' Angel of Light ' re-establishing the communication between this earth and the general spirit world; which, for reasons set forth in previous articles, the early Protestants, as a matter of protection, had broken off. The Shaker Order, standing in the name, i. e., character, of Jesus and Ann, on the foundation of spiritual celibacy, has power with Grod to govern all spiritual manifestations, and to incorporate Spirit- ualism as one of its elements, assigning it its proper place—the Church of God in its day of manifestation; and to its right use—the saving of human beings from causes of unhappiness, and leading them to a joyful recognition of, and baptism into, all Scientific, Moral, and Spiritual Truth.