Life in God—No. 2 In the innumerable objects which meet our senses, the best exponent, or representative of the Supreme Being, is the Sun. It is a ruling physical power, around which other bodies of less magnitude circulate and congregate; seemingly dependent on him, for their periods and places in the heavens. Without the permeating influence of light and heat, human beings and the lower orders of creation could not exist; and they are equally dependent on the same source for the vegetable products on which they subsist. Thus on the sun there is a necessary dependence for life, and the continuance of being for animal and vegetable life, whether in the atmosphere, water, or on the earth. Taken as a whole, as far as our observation extends, there is a perfect adaptation between the Sun, and the beings and products of earth. In the structure of the human organization, how wonderful and beautiful are the adaptation of light to the structure of the eye—the most marvelous piece of mechanism — through which, man is made acquainted with the surrounding concomitants of earth; the sun itself; the solar system; and lastly, with its companions of the universe. Continuing the concatenation, by induction, we are carried through the universe, the workshop of the Great lYorkinan, to the Supreme Architect. For, there can be no design without a designer, whose wonderful intelligence and creative power have planned, and put into successful operation, these astonishing combinations of mind and matter ! For there can be no design or adaptation, for specific purposes, without intelligence. Nothing in vain: A complete whole ! Having taken a superficial glance at the wonders, let us take a more specific view of the astonishing connection between the sun and the human organ of light: The rays of light coming in straight lines pass into th© eye, after coming many millions of miles, through a transparent medium; bringing with them the sun himself, together with his innumerable blessings! For, wtatfee* the smt accompanies the rays of 2igh;t and heat, or remains in his place, in the center of the solar system, the effect comes down to, us in his majesty.; and the influences and grand desiga are accomplished! We see the sun, feel his geniali inftueee, and know that he is present with. us,, giving and sustaining life, in his deputed agency! But of the eye, how admirably beautiful and efficient the contrivance; a IMg mirror to admit the creation of God ! The images of surrounding objects come with imperceptible speed, in the pencils of light, which far surpass electricity! Yet, we know the goods have come, for they are safely stored in the warehouse of the human mind; but without thediscriminating influence, at the entrance of the port, in the form of a lens, all the merchandise brought to us, would be stored in utter confusion ! We should be unable to distinguish the moon from a star; a man from a horse, etc.; but this lens makes every object show itself, and pay duty 52 THE SHA.KER. before passing into the warehouse of the human sensorium. But to speak more scientifically : the lens has the power of separating the colors by refraction, leaving only enough to represent the animal or tree, and reflecting these colors on the animal or tree, so as to make it specific, and give identity; then the object passes upon the optic nerve, or retina—the white blackboard—and there is a positive horse, and oak tree, to the human understanding. We recognize these objects, but are utterly unable to see the hand, brush, or pallet impainting the wonders of nature! We may now consider the office and structure of the organ of hearing, or, rather, make a guess at the miraculous performances connected with the human ear! Passing in, by the orifice of the ear, we find at the end a thin, clear membrane, in the shape of a watch crystal, and looking like one, with the round to the portal; under it there is a nerve called the auditory nerve; it is about the size of a babe's little finger, reaching out of the brain, and nearly touching the crystal drum; sound presses the drum down on the auditory nerve; the nerve conveys the impression to the brain, and the mysteries of thought are formed or elaborated in the human mind ! Between the ear and the surrounding atmosphere, there is an inseparable connection: like light, the atmosphere comes full freighted with innumerable objects in the form of sound, and passing in at the orifice of the ear, form in the mind all the complicated ideas of the living, outward world of want, pleasure or pain, and myriads of ideas, which can come in no other way at the time. The inspired Orator, in the dark, may pour into our souls a volume of sound, which will make every fibre in our bodies tremble like a leaf. After the blindness of St. Paul, he heard the sound of his Saviour's voice, which renovated his soul, and made him a new man .' And the voice of Ananias gave him more pleasure, and heartfelt satisfaction, than all his previous knowledge: he had heard the voice; it was enough! But of the marvelous and inscrutable contrivance, for the separation of sounds, so as to give the innumerable sensations of music their different chords and parts, we may not pretend to a discrimination ; much less to give an idea of the intonations of the human voice in all the vicissitudes of changing life, infused into the tympanum, the nerve of sound in connection, and it again with the brain, and the brain with the mind, thought and intelligence. The living voice of human beings, of beasts, birds and insects, all come to the human intelligence, on the undulations of the atmosphere, all riding on the wind into the human port, and knock for entrance, and the porter receives their cards or device, and reports to his Lord, as the case may be. But the question arises, how does the discrimination of the living auditory know each succeeding new-comer and his intentions ? The mysteries of feeling, tasting and smelling are equally inscrutable! Now, let man pass into himself, by any oi the senses, and tell his fellows how this complicated machinery operates to give man all iiis knowledge of physics, metaphysics; including the knowledge he has obtained or conceived of the Great Prototype, and his revelation to Iiis children. Is it possible that nonentity, or no cause, should be the cause of all these wonders ! If we are to suppose, in the precincts of eternity, an epoch without mind or intelligence, it is to deny intelligence altogether. Matter, whether created or eternal, is without intelligence; it can have no design; no organization; neither wisdom nor power inherent, for any rational creation. ' The fool saith there is no God.' Men, who have denied the Eternal, and groping in worse than Egyptian darkness, talk to us of the first great principles coming into congruity, adaptation, and organization: But principles are nothing, only as they are the inherent emanations of a being of intelligence and design. Computation, or the combination of numbers, cannot obtain without the mathematician; he combines numbers, and gives them their utility and powers, here in time. But where is the man of elementary and chaotic combinations, for the production of divine intelligence, and the wonders of the universe ? Let him produce some of the wonder-working machinery, under the illuminations of his phosphorescent chandelier! Veritas