Declaration and Caution to the Public BY THE UNITED SOCIETIES CALLED SHAKERS Whereas, circumstances have occurred and may again occur whereby the public are liable to be imposed upon by persons professing to act as authorized Agents for the Society of Shakers in some of its branches or families, who presume to make contracts, and obtain money, or other property on credit, from persons, or companies who may suppose the Society to be responsible for the fulfillment of such contracts. Therefore, the duly constituted Authorities of the several Shaker Societies, throughout the land, do hereby give notice to all whom it may concern, that, in accordance with principles taught by the first founders of this Society called Shakers, the members thereof shall owe no man anything but love and good will, and pay this debt as often as the slightest opportunity serves. This principle is comprised in the written Covenant of the Institution, and confirmed and established by the agreement and signature of all its members; by which no individual is authorized to contract any debt, in the name of the Institution, or any business connection which can, by any means, render the Society responsible for their transactions. Nor will the Society be under obligations to liquidate any demands, of Notes, Bonds, or any other security or obligation given in its name, incurring debt for value received, either by the trustees thereof or of any other individual; but such individual or individuals shall be held responsible for their own transactions. Notices of these principles have been several times published, in the name and by the authorities of the several branches of the United Society called ''Shakers.' But, it appears they are not so extensively known as they ought to be, to prevent frauds, and impositions of that nature. It is therefore expedient again to give this public Notice, in the name, and by the Authorities of the United Societies, with a request that it may be extensively published, for the information of all, who may, at any time, be concerned in dealing with Members, or professed members of this Community. Subscribed to by Presiding Ministry and Trustees of all the United Societies of Shakers, who are in Covenant Relation. May 23, 1871. JsOTE.—Any debts which may have heretofore been incurred by any official Agents of the United Society in any of its branches, the beneiits whereof have been received and acknowledged r&gt;y any family or Society of this Institution, if paid at all, as a matter of justice to the creditor or creditors who may have been ignorant of the laws of the Institution at the time such debt was contracted; or in lenity to the contractors of such debt, will be paid only under the protest of the United Society, through its Authorities, as in contravention of its laws and constitution. Ministry of New Lebanon, N. Y.