To the Afflicted Child of adversity ! we who are saved from the miseries and uncertainties of the outer life, would speak to you words of hope; would say to you, ' Fear not the rough surge which bears your frail bark along the dark waters of sorrow ! Every stormy tide, and every sterile path over which you journey has some fertile margins on which may grow a few plants of virtue. There is some good in every heart, and that good the angels will never forsake. Look for it, cherish it, and in its measure it will be like the arm of God to sustain you. Friends may depart to join the invisible host; you are not bereft; they still guard you. Loved ones may turn traitors, yet blessed is the heart that can say in the spirit of true forgiveness, ' They were not always false; it is human to err. I am not perfect.' ' The soul that thus receives sorrow is not blighted, but chastened; its tears are drawn from the pool of humility, whose waters are purifying; and that soul will not waste the daivn of the day in recalling the night-dream of grief; but it will awake to hope and energy. Its wounds will be healed, and beauties will appear instead of scars. Thus God helps those wrho help themselves. The sorrowing are not forgotten; their afflictions are known, their prayers are heard, and relief is sent most directly through their own co-operation with the ministering powers. It is never too late for effort. The change that we call death, which is certain to every human being, will afford opportunity to finish whatever may be left undone here, or to turn into a new course. However winding may be the stream of adversity, it has its source in sin ; and sin is only abolished by self-denial. Sin is the element of Babylon, and the voice of the spirit is constantly calling to all suffering hearts that are seeking truth, ' Come out of her, my people, that ye be not contaminated with her wickedness, and that ye receive not of her punishments!' and your days of bitterness will end in bliss, for there is no adversity in Heaven. H. R. Agnew