Christian Communism Is nothing more nor less than li the Kingdom of Heaven,' of which so much has been pro- phesied. And that kingdom is described by the simile of a net, which fishermen had cast into the sea, and drawn, filled with (not all good fish that would answer the expectation of the fishermen, but) a promiscuous multitude of such as the sea contains. Well trained, ex- perienced fishermen know where to go, and in what waters to ply their vocation, to secure the greatest proportion of the fish they want, and the fewest and least dangerous of those which are of no profit. And as often as the net is cast, follows the selecting, separating process, which returns back into the sea the notwanted, undesirable result of the haul. The best of fish are unfit for use until death has occurred, and a cleansing process has been passed through, after which, their former life in the ocean is an impossibility ; they are on land, and landsmen appropriate and use them up. They at least will never again multiply, nor replenish the waste waters of the great sea, in which they had their origin, and wherein they experienced their former life. Signs of life in the fish, upon a supper table, would be no more horrible and disgusting to the invited guests, than are manifestations of 58 THE SHAKER generative life in young, or old men and women in a Christian Community. Whilst, ' blessed are the pure in heart who therein see God.' Much as the moreprogressed minds of the world desire community life, having failed to actualize it in severity-sis attempts during the last fifty years (see Noyea), there is 'no form or comeliness in a Christian Community that they should desire ft.' It excludes and takes the life of the natural, procreative man and woman, which they find in 1 the waters, or sea, where the whore sitteth, and which are peoples, and multitudes, and nations and tongues,'—all the human inhabitants of this earth being by the Spirit included under one gigantic figure. There is latent in the soul of every man and woman a spiritual or angel man or woman. Like Paul, the whole race, as a race, have been pressing on, ' if by any means they might attain to the Resurrection' from the ' dead sea' of generation; and ever and anon this spiritual yearning has cropped out a Reformer, a Philosopher, a Prophet or Prophetess, with their dream of a 'good time coming' in the distant future, their felicitous Arcadia, or unattainable Utopia, or their vision of a Millenium; indistinct and undefined glimpses of a spiritual state and life on this earth—the Resurrection Order as an answer to the God-inspired prayer of 'Thy kingdom come,' wherein their daily bread and water would ' be sure,' without the daily drudgery and degradation to which the great mass of humanity are subject, and only to be escaped by self-denial in the new life to be attained in ' Christian Communities,' as schools, which are educating immortal souls for a life that is eternal. F. W. Evans