Progress With old and young, the questions often arise: What constitutes a state of blessedness ? What character is the most acceptable to the Great Originator of human souls, and the most con- ducive to the happiness of sentient beings endowed with intelligence, and possessing the germs of an immortal life ? The Apostle Paul gave many wholesome instructions, some commandments, and some permissions. His mission was to the people; and he strove to meet all classes—the Jew under the law, and those who were without law; to the weak he adapted his teachings, fed them with milk; for they could not digest the strong meat which he gave to those who were more spiritually progressed; his object was to benefit all. Shall we be willing to take our place with the weak, and hide beneath the permissions which the Apostle gave to the Gentile Christians of his day, instead of girding ourselves about with every truth, and making haste in the upward path of progression, though it may take us away from every earthly idol ? Progress is stamped upon everything ; knowledge is constantly increasing in things pertaining to the earth-life. If we possess an innate power to add to our knowledge in natural science, why should there be a limit to spiritual growth and development ? Why is it that so many give tacit assent to the stereotyped proprietor of the pulpit, and unmistakable support to the style of architecture expressed in steeples? to the artistically-stained glass through which to dimly light the Church ? indicating the status of those who say, Lord, Lord, but whose soul language is, ' Subdue the light; let it not shine too vividly for the weak vision, and let the Word be tempered with scholastic platitude, and fall on us as the snow-flake on the running water-stream, so as not to interrupt our course in securing earthly emoluments and delight;' though, oft, deep tones from each neighboring cemetery are heard, How short lived! how corruptible 2 But few minds, comparatively, have been exercised upon the subject of Regeneration versus Perpetuity of the Kace. The generative plane, when under the guidance of wisdom, and subject to the highest reason, may be viewed as the rudimental, or natural, having in view its use—replenishing the earth. But, as J. M. Peebles has said, ' There should be a mount of ascension—a spiritual birth to each brainorgan—a heavenly polarity—before physical death.' //. W. Beecher says, 'It is better to be born right the first time, than to depend upon some spasmodic revival—an occasional wave of spiritual life, for the better regulation of the being, feeble, and often transient, in its descent.' And, as the Swedenborgian, Dr. Giles, says, ' Try to work through the misty, shadowy veil of the flesh.' Malthus, by mathematical and geometrical conclusions, makes out, that 'it is impossible for the earth always to contain and afford subsistence to its inhabitants, if they so abnormally continue to increase.' And many are brought to look favorably, and even kindly on war, disease, infanticide, etc., as means by which an ungodly race may continue to exist, and find room to come to, and go from the surface of mother earth. A. J. Davis says ' procreation is not compatible with spirituality.' From his high, intellectual stand-point, the progressive spirit would become absorbed and incorporated with an element of light and knowledge wherein the animal or procreative life could not exist; and he invites men and women to ' come out of their little enclosures of pigs, potatoes, progeny and pence, and take a flight to the mount or summit wherefrom they could behold the harmony and beauty of God's creation, which in a lower altitude can not be seen. The knowledge of this higher life will test the stamina of all applicants for progress. Should this process prevail, the earth will cease to satisfy or supply the spirits thereon. Doubtless, millions of years may roll by, ere this condition will become universal; but, as progressionists, we should approximate thereto; for we are destined to exist in another sphere; therefore, let that sphere be one of superior delights and loves. Let us, from this exalted position, aim for the higher life, where the sphere is more universal, and the element more genial; where we can behold the passing away of the sublunary orb itself, which will cease to exist as a separate body in the planetary system actually passing away ; attracted to and by stronger bodies, it will ultimately be ab- sorbed and incorporated into another system, and in a way and manner not understood by the orthodox theologian. Earth shall be no more! ' ' Science, by the aid of revelation from the spirit spheres, has opened a more philosophical and peaceable way of disposing of and settling this matter, than the old oft-repeated pitiless story of burning and annihilation; thus exterminating mother earth and her inhabitants.' ' The spiritual aspirations, and soul wants of the age, call for a broader, a more liberal view of Heaven; a more expansive and profound idea of intelligences above and around us, and of their mission to the earth sphere.' Such are the thoughts of many; and we are happy to announce to them, that there is a heavenly order established on earth—a second Pentecostal Church—where the character of Jesus is not only admired, but imitated. As he was holy, harmless and undefiled, so are they in the Second Christian Church who follow him in the regeneration. White-robed Angels are again seen on the mountain of purity, and again is heard, in accents of love, ' Come up higher.' Angelic beings, male and female, sound forth the heavenly invitation from the immortal spheres, ' Come all who will: the wine, milk and honey are free. Come and buy unalloyed, pure gold without money and without price.' Jane D. Knight