Labor is Worship Pakt First. It is supposed by many who seem to be superficial readers of the New Testament, that the founders of the Order introduced hand labor as something new into the Christian Church as a principle of duty for all. Others believe that we carry out rigidly for worldly gain, members being subjects of toil and leaders standing exempt. We will endeavor to show that in diligence we strictly follow the example of Jesus, the Apostles and the Primitive Church, who established the principle, that work is Christian worship. The argument is to be scriptural and nothing more. The Parents of Jesus were laboring Jews. When he was entering the field of labor as an inspired teacher, the inquiry was raised by those who heard him, ' Is not this the carpenter's son ? ' &amp;c. Jesus required by law to learn a trade. Under the statute of Moses, tradition says, every father rich, or poor, was required to see that his sons learned a trade. After the affair with the doctors at the temple, ' He came to Nazareth and was subject to his parents,' til thirty years of age; in which time Joseph evi dently instructed Jesus in his own occupation for when he began to preach they inquired 'Is not this the carpenter?' &amp;c. TTie habitation of Jesus. The day after John baptized him, he was jassing, and the Baptist exclaimed: ' Behold the Lamb of God!' &amp;c. Again, the next day he stood with two of his disciples, and calling their attention to him, uttered the same sentiment, and the two followed him. He turned and asked ' What seek ye ? ' They isked, 'Where dwellest thou?' He answered, ' Come and see.' They obeyed and bl-lowed him and abode with him that day. Others were invited to his dwelling, who jecame his disciples. Here evidently Nicodenus came to him by night. Now, by what means was this simple home supplied with its daily needs ? This was the starting of the first Christian community; the outgrowth from it was the calling of the twelve, the gathering at Pentecost, the Church, at Jerusalem and ;hose among the Gentiles. So the latter Church started under Mother Ann. A powerful inspiration attracted deeply religious inquirers to her; the outgrowths from this are the present Churches in America. The Disciples when called were working men. Their industries were fishing, gathering taxes and other labors. A Church that is to live by its own industry should have such pioneers to start with. For the scriptures show positively that this requirement was laid upon all the Christian ministers, even upon Paul, who was brought up at the feet of Gamaliel the most learned of the Apostles. The first American believers in this Order were out of just such society. All ordained Apostles required to labor for their daily bread. After the crucifixion, Jesus appeared to them at the sea of Gallilee while toiling at their nets. After they had advanced far into their min- istry, Paul declared, ' God hath set forth us the Apostles (he excepts none) a spectacle to the world, angels and men. Even to this present hour we hunger, thirst, have no eertain dwelling place, and labor, ivorking with our hands,' &amp;c. He does not say that they chose this condition, nor that povertydrove them to it, but that God (through Jesus) laid it upon them, that as a pattern, they might be set forth a spectacle to be looked upon by the heavenly orders, the Church and the world. The same life of honest toil was exacted of all ministers, elders and people in gathering and starting the Church of Christ's Second Appearing, Mother Ann setting the example, living up to her own motto at all times—' hands to work and hearts to God.' They required the same of their Churches. Paul held it as a principle and proved it by his works, that he who opposed honest labor was an enemy to the Christian faith. He says, 'When we were among you, we commanded if any would not work neither should he eat. Neither did we eat any man's bread for nought, but wrought with labor and travail night and day that we might not be chargeable to any of you : not because we had not power, but to make ourselves an example to you to follow us.' How could Paul preach down indolence and ease to others, if he refused to labor himself ? They had affectionate brethren and sisters, quite wealthy, which they could lean upon and could receive donations for support, but they prized a Christ-like example above all this. Like their Master they never required of others what they were unwilling to do themselves. Notice the reproof of Jesus to the Jewish Priesthood against shirking the duties of life ;hey well understood. He said: ' The Scribes and Pharisees sit in Moses' seat; they bind leavy burdens upon men's shoulders, grievous to be borne, which they will not move themselves with one of their fingers.' Paul ai.d ;he twelve had seen and heard this. Now would Jesus cry out against an evil which he oracticed himself? From the time that this Church was established our leaders have taught members to follow them as they followed the leaders of both dispensations of the gospel, in honest labor. Hand labor introduced into the Gentile Churches. When Paul came to Corinth he was impressed to tarry there, sow the seed of faith and reap a harvest of souls. It was not his first business to seek out some place of ease in some metropolitan hotel, but true to his faith he sought some humble workshop where he could go to work with his hands. ' When Paul came to Corinth he found a certain Jew named Aquila, with his wife Priscilla, and he came to them; and because he was of the. same craft, he abode with them and worked, for by occupation they were tent makers.' Paul had now entered his field of labor right, and could pray for others; he toiled on through the week, 'and reasoned in the Synagogue every Sabbath day.' ' Being in the way, the Lord blessed him and delivered him from persecution. He converted Crispus, the chief ruler of the Synagogue, with all his house, and many of the Corinthians hearing, believed.' All came out true, 'For he continued there a year and six months.' By following strictly the example of Jesus, Paul was clothed with great power to control and admonish his followers. He found they were wealthy and worldy, sunk deeply in the sins of the Gentiles, and he walked among them with great self-denial, charity and circumspection. When his labors in the spirit became so extended that his own hands failed to supply his wants he said: ' When I was with you and wanted, I was chargeable to no man, for that which was lacking the brethren from Macedonia supplied.' Thus in times of need Ministers of Christ divided the proceeds of their labor with each other. The first Believers in Shaker faith provided a home to which others gathered: they preached to them the gospel, and united with them in toil and labor, and imparted to them their substance. Gentile Churches follow the example of the Church at Jerusalem in hand labor. When the Apostles established the Church at Jerusalem, they followed strictly the teachings and example of Jesus, that when the gos THE SHAKEE. 59 pel spread among the Gentiles, they could present to them his true life and doctrines. In exhorting the Thessalonians to a strict Christian course, Paul says: ' Ye remember, breth- ren, our travail; we would not be chargeable to any of you. Ye become the followers of the Churches, which in Judea are in Christ Jesus.' Thus the Apostles appeared among them as Christian teachers, toiling for their daily bread just as they did in the Churches at Jerusalem, and these stood in the very life and testimony of Christ Jesus. It has been so with the Shaker Church from the beginning. When their Missionaries have planted other Churches, the same spirit of honest toil which exists in the Church at New Lebanon has ever been required of all, as an important part of the Christian faith. Wm. Leonard