Harvard reports one death... Harvard reports one death, Maria Barrett , aged 88. A large and commodious barn has been built at the ' North.' 'If we have any monotony, it is broken once a month by the appearance of the ever-welcome ' Shaker.''' Shirley reports many deaths of prominent individuals in their vicinity, but have not been afflicted themselves. The substitution of cement aqueduct for the lead pipes of old, has much improved the quality of their water. The Hospital took fire from a defect in the chimney ; damage slight; but now the same stands greatly improved. Union Village, O., is enjoying a refreshing season of spiritual things in some portions of its domain, the effect of sincere prayer ou the part of its good people. The New Creation is a new monthly, published at Omaha. We are unable, as yet, to know its true intent, but, judging from its remarks upon the Shaker Church, in the July No., we are inclined to believe that it means to experience what persecution is, by upholding the true issues of life; by despising the shame of the popular masses, and inculcating the necessity of a purer life than orthodox Christians, socalled, now live. Its life is useless unless it strikes deeply. ' We declare as by the spirit of the Lord, among the seven representative churches of Asia, which are made manifest at Christ's second coming in the hearts of his elect, all of which the spirit rebuked for their sins, while commending their graces, save tioo. one of Which was called the 'Church of Philadelphia,' that the order of Shakers represents this church, which by name signifies (Phila-Delphi) the love of brother, or brotherly love, as distinguished from sexual love or the love of kindred, of which Christ demanded a full and complete sacrifice. We declare that the Shakers alone have fulfilled as an order or church, in the lead of woman, t\\\sfull condition, fulfilling the words of Christ, 'Who is my mother and who are my brethren ? He that doeth the will of my Father in Heaven, the same is my mother, my sister and my brother.' They have left houses 'ami lands, fathers and mothers, brothers, sisters and children, husbands and wives, for the kingdom of heaven's sake. They alone us an order have laid the ax at the root of sexual corruptions, or at the roots of the corrupt trees which have sprung therefrom. They alone have sacrificed the strongest impulses of a corrupt and lustful nature, as did their mother Ann. They have made themselves a sign to this lustful and adulterous gene- ration, the generation of the flesh, sacrificing fleshly love and taking in its place brotherly love. They alone have therefore gained the character of the Church of Brotherly Love, the Church of Philadelphia.'—New Creation.