Bread The following article from the conservative Scientific American, is valuable from the source of its origin, as showing a steady growth of common sense on that very common subject — Bread. Something about Bread. 'A subject that interests everybody is that of bread-making, and as a general thing there is too much popular ignorance respecting it. In the process of grinding wheat for superfine flour, the outer shell, composed chiefly of gluten, being tenacious and adhesive, comes from the mill in flakes with the bran, and is sifted out, while the starch is pulverized and constitutes the fine flour. Thus the starch, which is the chief element in fine flour, is saved, which contains no food for brain and muscle; and the gluten, containing phosphates and nitrates which furnish support for brain, bone and muscle, is cast away wdth the bran, and is fed to horses, cattle and pigs. And this is the kind of flbur that makes nine-tenths of the bread in the American cities, besides all that is used in cakes, puddings and pastry. A method of making bread from whole wheat, without previously grinding it into flour, has been devised by a Frenchman named Sezile. A Healthy Bread. The most economical and best bread, especially in cold weather, when a hot fire is constantly kept, is what is sometimes called gems, or unleavened biscuits. For this purpose a group of cast iron pans or cups two and a half by three and a half inches each, all made in one cast-, ing, is used. These pans are set on the top of a hot stove and allowed to become almost smoking hot wThen buttered for use. Then with cold water and milk, half-and-half, or with cold water alone, and the colder the better, mix and stir quickly, with a stiff spoon, as much Graham or unbolted wheat-meal as will make a thick batter or thinnish mush; and when the pans are hot, fill them quickly with the thin dough, and let them stand a minute on the stove before putting into a very hot oven, wrhere they should remain twenty or twenty-five minutes until done. If the mixture be neither too thin nor too stiff, and the pans and the oven be hot, you will have twelve as light and wholesome biscuits as any epicure could wish to eat. They may be eaten smoking warm from the oven, as they contain no poisonous chemical elements like yeast bread, which requires cooling to be rid of. They are good cold, or may be warmed in a steam kettle. Anybody, however unskilled in cooking, can learn to make these, light and nice every time. Nice, fresh wheat-meal, very cold wetting quickly done, writh a very hot place to bake them, will insure the best of 'luck ' always. These, like all other Graham bread, should be fresh every day. For growing children, and those people who work or think, and especially students and sedentary persons, there is no other bread, and scarcely any other single article of food, that equals it. Let the poor who cannot afford to lose fourteen per cent of the grain in the cast-off bran; let those whose bones and muscles are small, tending to rickets and spinal curvature ; let invalids and dyspeptics try it, and they w:ill never go back to superfine bread simply because it looks white and nice, and, when dry, is more pleasant to the mouth than the brown.' We have been in the constant use of whole wheat flour for some thirty years, and have but just attained to a satisfactory mode of making bread from it. Many amongst us eat none but unleavened coarse meal-flour bread; and as they think, with a decided advantage to their health. F. W. Evans