Labor is Worship Part Second. The testimony handed down from Jesus regulates labor in all Christian Churches. Paul says to the Thessalonians, 'We hear that there are some among you disorderly, working not at all, but are buisy bodies. Now such we command by our Lord Jesus Christ (by his authority), that with quietness they work and eat their own bread.' Paul was a regular member of the Church at Jerusalem; he knew the order which Jesus had revealed to the twelve to regulate temporal and spiritual things. What he hadlearned there he taught as true Christian theology. If work was not required of all able to perform it, would Paul have dared place Jesus as the author of it, and pronounce those disorderly who did not practice it ? If it were not bo, would he have ordered the Church to cut off those who refused to practice it, rich or poor ? How could there have been equity in that Church more than in the Shaker Church without such a rule for all ? With them as with us, the quiet were busy bodies and mischief makers; authors of strife and discord. Industry enjoined as a means to extend Charity. Paul on labor was universal; to the Roman brotherhood he writes: '* Be affectionate one to another with brotherly love; in honor preferring one another. Not slothful in business; fervent in spirit, serving the Lord; distributing to the necessities of the saints ; given to hospitality.' Taking the above as the test, can an indolent professor serve the Lord ? Can he be fervent in spirit I From bis own industry he can neither distribute to the necessities of the saints nor perform true hospitality. The Shaker Order proves that as self-denial of spirit, works the soul gradually into the heavenly state, just so, by consecrated physical labor we accumulate means to help support the Church and perform all deeds of Christian liberality and charity. The primitive Church commanded to secure means by labor, to pay all just debts. Paul says to the Church, ' We beseech you, brethren, that ye study to be quiet, and to work with your own hands, as we commanded you, that ye walk honestly toward them that are without, that ye lack nothing.' The apostle here instructs the Christian to peaceably mind his own business; be honest in his dealings; pay all his just debts; to be industrious and diligent to enable him to do so and stand independent. Mother Ann and her successors said, ' Do not overreach in business; right all wrongs, and pay all just debts.' This is the true believer's ground; his theology on the virgin life; confession; restitution; penitence and consecrated inheritance; and a Church thus cut off from the world, must have the great principle of honest toil and joint labor to carry out these, and other Christian principles, and exist in competency. Paul parting with his Gentile Brethren. The time arrived that Paul was to bid farewell to the Gentile Churches. He was followed by many leading Elders and others, to the place where he was to take passage. He went to Ephesus and called the Elders of that Church also, to exchange the last friendly greetings. These pillars of the faith had seen him from the commencement of his labors among them, had witnessed his patience in persecution, trials among the false-hearted, and his long-suffering among weaker members of his floek. He met them at the celebrated city Miletus, which lay twelve or fifteen leagues from Ephesus. Here, with many warnings, he showed them the probability that after his return to Jerusalem they would see his face no more. They knew that without price or being a burden, he had committed the gospel to their trust, for which they were to be responsible. In recalling the fruits of his labor he said: ' I have coveted no man's, silver, gold, nor apparel. Ye know that these hands have ministered to my necessities; I have showed you that so laboring, ye ought to support the weak; and remember the words of the Lord Jesus, ' It is more blessed to give than to receive.'' The apostle was in an' enviable condition to balance accounts. His poverty and hand labor, connected with his gospel life and ministry, clothed him in raiment clean and white. If any could present a Christ-like standing, and feel his dignity of it, it was Paul at Miletus in the presence of his brethren. How tender must have been the parting scene, 'when they all wept and fell on his neck and kissed him, sorrowing most of all for the Words, that they should see his face no more.' Scenes lik«this we have witnessedwhen the faithful have been taken away; their just life, virtues, and consecrated toil have so long proved to all their devotion, that like Paul's brethren we have sorrowed most of all, that in this world we should see their faces no more. The Restoration of Dorcas, The restoring to life of Dorcas, by Peter, was his greatest gift. This honor was not reserved for some great teacher or renowned apostle, but for an obscure Sister of Charity, who appears to have purchased material and made garments with her own hands for the destitute. When Peter arrived at that house of mourning, many stood by weeping; and pointed to the works of her hands. The restoration of this disinterested saint, to her labors, sets the broad seal of God's approbation upon consecrated labor in the most beautiful form it could have been handed down through centuries. Conclusion, We are not informed who fabricated the story that poverty caused the hand labor of the apostles ; that when the Churches became wealthy, salaries were substituted for toil. But we do know that the foregoing statements of the first Christian teachers, emphatically contradict it. Their example in this matter was indispensable, as clearly as any other in the Christian faith. This duty carried out, removes want, poverty, indolence; and fills the Church with peace and plenty. It is the great roller, which levels all ranks and distinctions, to one condition. It is the parent of honesty, justice and charity; it opens wide the door to contentment, health and happiness. Wm. Leonard