To the Juvenile Class The different stages of human existence may be compared to the seasons of each year— Spring, Summer, Autumn and Winter. The skillful agriculturist and horticulturist understand the appropriate work for each of the seasons as they roll around. Spring is the proper time to prepare the soil for the reception of choice seeds. The earth itself contains seed which will grow without cultivation, and bring forth fruits and flowers. Some of the various kinds of fruits which grow spontaneously, are good and useful for food, both for men and birds; other kinds, which look very inviting, are poisonous and very hurtful. So of wild flowers and plants; some contain deadly poison, although they may be beautiful in appearance, while other kinds emit a sweet perfume, and the aroma is healthful. But cereals, and the choicest fruits and flowers, are produced by skill and labor. After the soil is properly prepared, the wise and careful husbandman deposits the good seed in the earth, where it is kindly nourished, warmed and enlivened by the sun's rays, and moistened by the dew-drops and gentle showers. Thus nurtured, those seeds germinate, and the little roots being weak and tender, they work their way down into the soil to get a strong hold there; while the delicate tendrils climb upward.into the sunlight and unfold their leaves, which are full of little fibres, resembling the veins and pores of the human body, which open their mouths to inhale the pure atmosphere and drink in the sweet dews of the morning. With intense interest the agriculturist watches the growth of the good seed, and also watches, with a jealous eye, the appearance of every wild plant, or weed, that he may without delay pluck them up so that they may not choke the better seed, which should occupy the whole ground and have room to expand and grow, nourished by the full strength of the soil. Even then, if the sun refuses to shine, or the clouds withhold the rain, those choice plants or vines become enfeebled, and wither, droop and die. But, aided by those essential elements, and the nice implements which art has produced, he toils hopefully on, and by midsummer he begins to reap some of the fruits of his labor. The gathering in of a bountiful harvest is a joyful task, although somewhat laborious. With an eye to the future, day after day he toils on and gathers the ripe fruits, each in their season, and stores them carefully away; and, by the time that Spring, Summer and Autumn have passed, his garners are filled. And when the cold bleak winds of winter come riding along in their chariot, and the fleecy snows cover hill and dale, and ice-bound rivers and lakes are seen on the right hand and the left, this wise tiller of the soil is ready to wrap himself in his mantle and gather to his warm fireside to enjoy the fruits of his labor in the midst of peace and plenty. In my next I will show the analogy of the seasons with the life we call human. A. Doolittle