Steamer Atlantic, White Star Line, September 3, 1871 Editor of The Shaker : It is Sunday at sea. The mimic bell has summoned the passengers to the saloon for divine worship. Bibles, prayer-books, hymnbooks, are strewn around loosely upon the table. A pulpit is improvised—all is ready. The English clergyman, richly vestured, ap- pears, to read the service. The measured mechanical music now reaches our ears. Is this serving God ? Does God require any such cold, formal service ? Would not feeding the hungry, clothing the naked, and educating the masses in the principles of justice, equality and charity, be infinitely more acceptable in the sight of God and angels ? Elder F. W. Evans, ourself and a few others retired —retired as a protest against making the Eng- lish church service a sort of religious steamboat 'church and state ' institution on board the White Star line of steamers. No American, touched with the fires of freedom, or thoroughly alive to the genius of this progressive age, can for a moment encourage any thing that tends to a church and state estab • lishment—the entering wedge of which is the strenuous effort now being made by sectarists to put ' God,' the trinitarian God, into the Constitution. This done, and the Declaration of Independence becomes a nullity, and religion degenerates into theology, bigotry and persecution unto death. 2%is done, and farewell to freedom of speech and press—farewell to that freedom which now grants to all the organizations, orders and denominations of the land the privilege of worshipping God after the 'dictates of their own conscience.' The virus of churchal sectarism is as poisonous to-day as in the sixteenth century. Let Americans be on their guard. English Lands. Travel in any direction from London by the interlacing railway conveyances, and you involuntarily pronounce England a garden. Industry has seemingly carried cultivation to perfection. There is a neatness, a thrift in the agricultural districts seldom seen in America, where lands are cheap, and where wide prairies are waiting to respond to plow and sower. Though meadows, hedge-rows and waving harvest-fields charm the eye, the soul is burdened with the knowledge that only the few own the soil. Land monopoly is the rule in the British kingdom. Few seem to ponder upon the fact, that the right to life presupposes the further right of each indi- vidual to sufficient soil to sustain that life. The land-holders in her 'Majesty's realm' are rapidly decreasing. It is said, and without contradiction, so far as we know, that a hundred and fifty'' persons own to-day onehalf of the land in England; while twelve proprietors hold, and professedly 'own,' nineteen and a-half millions of acres in Scot- land. Magnificent mansions, elegant parks, and vast deer forests with odious game laws, abound for the comfort and amusement of English noblemen, while the starving poor beg for bread. London journals reported one hundred and fifty thousand paupers in the city alone, last March. It is also estimated that there are a million more women than men in England. Poverty and dissatisfaction are on the increase. Elder Frederic bore a strong testimony, in all his public meetings that we attended, against the terrible condition 'of things in Britain—the land of his birth. Is not America, England's younger brother, imitating her in sundry wicked schemes of land monopoly? Capital is continually concentrating, and, through cunning and cupidity, banking institutions, railroad corporations and land monopolies are becoming fearful engines of power, making the rich richer, the poor poorer. When, oh ! when, will selfish, land-grabbing Americans feel the heaven-voiced principle of equality—feel the pentecostal fire—feel the descending baptismal flame—and verify the conviction by this apostolic practice : 'And they that believed had all things in common ' ? ; The English Mission. A long time ago, we read the great speech of Elder F. W. Evans, made at the Rutland Convention, in. Vermont. Some six years since, I met him in New York. Handing me several Shaker works to read', he utterly astounded me with his perfect familiarity with spiritualists and spiritualism. He had been converted from cold materialism to a knowledge of the future existence through his own personal mediumship. He further sur- prised me by relating wonderful manifestations he had witnessed in their communities, and through our media who had fled at different times to their societies for rest and mental recuperation. This interview interested me in Shakerism, its testimonies in favor of pres- ent inspirations, communications, peace principles, temperance, etc., etc. Work with all true workers for reform, has been my motto for years. Denominational names are but 'tinkling cymbals.' To this end, those joint conventions of Spiritualists and Shakers were held last winter in Cleveland, and Troy, N. Y., to the satisfaction and mutual profit, we believe, of both parties. Elder Frederic's first London meeting was held in Cleveland Hall. The audience was composed mostly of Spiritualists and Secularists. Mrs. Emma Hardinge was present, and expressed herself highly delighted with his radical, utterances against orthodox theologies and monarchical governments. He also publicly testified to the facts of Spiritualism. The great meeting was held in St. George's Hall, Langham place. W. Hepworth Dixon, Esq., author of 'New America,' 'Spiritual Wives,' etc., occupied the chair. The large hall was densely packed before the hour for service. After the lecture commenced, a continual stream reached the outer door, and then left, unable to gain admission. There were pressent, members of Parliament, distinguished journalists, prominent Darwinians, clergymen, Spiritualists, Secularists, social reformers. The music was excellent. And never have we seen greater attention paid to a speaker than to Elder Evans upon this occasion. The 'Spirit of the Lord was upon him.' Occasionally there was a dissent; as, for instance, when he advised the English to dispense with the 'bishops and noblemen constituting the 1 House of Lords,' and put women in their places!' He further shocked them when declaring that the repenting, warring ' God of Israel' was nothing but a tutelary divinity— and that the seventy communities of Shakers in America were so many communities believing in present revelations and spirit minis THE SHA.KER. trations. As a whole, the audience was charmed with the simplicity, sincerity and solid logic of the speaker. Mr. Dixon did himself great credit as the presiding officer. To James Burns, editor of Medium and Human Nature, and publisher of spiritualist literature in London, belongs the honor of getting up this and a series of meetings for the Elder in the provinces. At several of these gatherings he presided as chairman, making at each an appropriate opening address. Friend Burns is an inspired man, with great versatility of talent, and Mrs. Burns is truly a 'helpmeet.' They have two rosy-cheeked boys, perfect specimens of health, that never tasted of meat nor medicine in their lives. A Grove Meeting. It was our privilege to be present at the first large open-air demonstration of Spiritualists in England. The meeting was held at Bowling Hill, near the city of Bradford. Those gifted in calculation, estimated that there were two thousand present. It was a grand spectacle. Mr. Burns, elected president by acclamation, made the preliminary speech, earnest, eloquent and catholic. Elder Frederic, ourself and others addressed the hungering crowd. It was a grand success. At the second session, after the Elder had given a detailed account of his conversion from Robert Owen Materialism to Spiritualism, he elaborately elucidated the leading principles of Shakerism. The interest was intense, and the questions interesting. The Elder showed great wisdom in answering them, Take these as samples. ' If Shakers do not marry, now do they increase their communities ?' ' By gathering in from the world those who have ripened up for the sickle—ours is the harvest order.' ' But did not God in the beginning of creation command men to multiply and replenish the earth ? ' ' I do not know, not having been there at the time; and then, other than the instincts of the earthly nature, a special command from God to insects, beasts and men to ' replenish the earth,' would seem quite useless. They certainly do such business now without any direct command from God.' 'Well, if all should turn Shakers, would it not run the world out ?' ' I apprehend no immediate danger of all men turning Shakers -—the cross is too great and the life is too self-denying. And, as for running the world out, the tendency, considering fceticide, abortions and illegitimate offspring, seems to • run' in a different direction at present. But, if the world should be 'runout,' the calamity would not be very serious, inasmuch, as upon the Darwinian basis, there are plenty of monkeys in Asia and Africa to get up a new race ; and this might be an improvement! ' ' But you oppose marriage.' ' Nay, friend, not marriage per se. The marriage relation is legitimate on the earthly plane, for reproduction, as Moses taught. But ours is the resurrection order—a degree above—and bears the same relation to the world that the spirit bears to the body.' My work in England was mostly of a business character, relative to the publication of Higgins' 'Anacalypsis,'new edition of 'Jesus myth, man or God,' and the gathering of facts for the European department of the Year-Book of Spiritualism for 1872, Perpetual Communism. Without pronouncing judgment at this time either for or against the ascetic orders of the ages, I confess myself astonished, after reading the histories of the East, at the silver threads of celibacy and communism that run like crystal waters through all the nations of antiquity. Jamblichus, writing of Pythagoras' visit to Italy, says : ' More than two thousand, in the firs-t public discourse of Pythagoras, were arrested by his doctrine, who, together with their wives and children, forming an immense auditory, and having founded the community called Grcecia Magna, received from him laws and ordinances, which they regarded as maxims of divine authority, and whien' in no instance they transgressed, but which the whole assembly with one accord obeyed; being admired and proclaimed blessed by all around. They had their goods in common.' (2)e Vitcb Pyth., c. 6, p. 22.) The learned Philo, writing of the wise men of Egypt, observes that 'The object of these philosophers is manifest from the title which they assume. The men, and even the women, call themselves TherapeutvE, that is, Healers, and this with propriety, as professing a medical art superior to that practised by mesi of the world; The1 latter profess to heal only the bodies-,, while the former cure the souls of men, when seized by disorders, when occupied by lusts or by an innumerable multitude of oth«;r vices. The persons who profess this art, embraee it not from, education, nor from the persuasions of others, but because they are seized by the love of Heaven. Thinking themselves already dead to the world, they desire only a blessed immortal existence. They fix their habitations oo the outside of cities, in gardens and villages, seeking retirement, not, I conceive, from religious hatred of mankind, but to avoid a pernicious intercourse with the world. This society now prevails throughout the habitable globe, the members thinking it their duty to share with Greeks and barbarians the consummate blessings they enjoy. They have a sacred apartment in which they perform the mysteries of a holy life. Into this place they bring neither meat nor drink, nor anything but the laws and divinely inspired oracles of the prophets. The idea of God is ever present to their thoughts. Many of them deliver magnificent visions, suggested by their sacred philosophy in the home of repose. Their clothing is plain and simple. They eat no food more costly than coarse bread, regarding plenitude as prejudicial to both body and mind. They practice great humility; and, holding all things equal, each seeks another's good.' The Jewish historian, Josephus, writes thus of the Esseneans : ' They cherish mutual love beyond other men. They reject pleasure as evil; and look upon temperance and a conquest over the passions as the greatest virtue. There prevails among them a contempt of marriage ; but they receive the children of others, and educate them as their own. * * * They despise riches, and are much to be admired for their liberality; nor can any be found among them who is more wealthy than the rest. It is a law with them, that those who join their order should distribute their possessions among the members. They wear white apparel; and neither buy nor sell among themselves. They avoid oaths—teach the immortality of the soul, and hold forth the rewards of virtue to be most glorious. * # # ijhg course of life they pursue is exempt from change or the caprices of fashion, and they bear some resemblance to the communities said to subsist among the Dacians.' The Hindoos had their Rajahs, the Egyptians their Therapeutse, the Syrians their Esseneans, the Greeks their Pythagoreans, the Romans their Anchorites, and the Mediaeval ages their Hermits. These often fled to deserts to escape persecutions. Finding solitude sweet,they remained. Athanasius, Basil, Chrysostom, Gregory of Nazionzen, Jerome, Augustine, Evagrius, Cassians, and others of the first centuries, encouraged or practiced lives of retirement—lives of self-restraint, celibacy, poverty, and the exercise of charity and good deeds towards all men. When the principles of self-sacrifice, benevolence and mutual love abound among individuals, races and nations as reigning forces, then will dawn the Republic of Plato, the Arcadia of the poets, the Eden of tbe bards, and the happy-valleys of the seers seen in visions. These golden days are coming. The peace echoes of the Quakers, the reform principles of these seventy Shaker communities, the radical teachings of Elder Frederic, the daring enunciations of William Denton, the brave utterances of Lucretia Mot't, the pathetic pleadings of Mary F. Davis, the eloquent orations of Eaima HarcHnge, and the stirring appeals of other great-hearted philanthropists and speakers, are harbingers ofthe millennial era^ Each religious cycle yields its harvest sheaves. But before the victory, before the shouting of the 'harvest -home,' comes another outpouring of the Revelator's 'vial of wrath.'' Crucifixions precede transfigurations as do thunders the storms that purify the air. A religkvus-politisal war-cloud is gathering in the distance. Only the ministry and mediation of spirits can arch this cloud with the rainbow of peace. Let Shakers, Quakers, Secularists, Spiritualists and Liberalists all form a solid phalanx to meet the emergency, using 'spiritual weapons' for the pulling down of strongholds and the upbuilding of the temple of truth. J. M. Peebles