Life in God Intelligence and Love are the primary attributes in the Godhead; all others are subor- dinate, and move in harmony with these. Without supreme intelligence, the universe of mind and matter could not exist. No other attribute is adequate to the comprehension and execution of the stupendous whole ! Remove intelligence, and what remains ? Love is the feminine in God, the Mother of all their children in the universe. Wisdom is the appropriate use by the Supreme, in tbe design and creation of the universe of mind and matter. Power is only the inherent force of God in creation. Judgment is only the Omniscient exercise of the divine mind and will. Love is the attraction of mind and matter, and binds the stupendous whole—the universe of God. Remove love from the human soul, and what remains to time and the children of earth ? We should immediately fall asunder and become extinct. Between supreme intelligence and love there 74 THE S H .A. K E H . 75 has been an eternal union, co-existence, mutual recognition of excellence, and immutable purpose in the grand, design—Perfection absolute ! Love is the magnet of creative intelligence, and dra^s her children to herself, and the embraces of each other, and contiguity in the proCreative union ; without love, the sexes are a nullity, and an unmeaning distinction of creation. We can only reason by the powers of body and mind given us; these powers acting on the objects of time, and, by analogy, necessarily rising to a higher source, give us our ideas of ourselves, and of a Supreme intelligence. We find ourselves in this lower sphere, male and female, a perfect adaptation of the appropriate, productive power, and thelove principle, or passion in co-operation. By analogy, we ask, are (there) Father and Mother in God ? As we are only recipients of their gifts, could they impart attributes not contained in themselves ? The whole creation, as far as we comprehend it, is male and female, and the female as Mother, and centre of influence in the family ! Come, ye savans of the earth, these are facts, and logical deductions; we ~ask you to fairly examine the same, and publish to the world your conclusions. On this subject we have the testimony of the holy Saviour, in these words: 'Have ye not read, that He who made thema£ the beginning, made them male and female, and said, for this cause, shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife, and they twain shall be one flesh: wherefore they were no more twain, but one flesh.' l What, therefore, God'has joined together, let no man put astmder.' Mark.' In the procreative union they are one; so pronounced by God, and so confirmed by the Son. The teaching of the holy Saviour, not only acknowledges, but confirms the Mosaic account of creation, as male and female, and also their likeness to the Godhead : ' And God said, let us make man in our image, after our likeness; and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, etc. So God created man -in Mis own image, in the image of God created He him; male and female created He them: and God blessed and said unto them, be friutful and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it.' This is the record of the Bible, as plain as the English language can make it, as expressed by God himself, that God is male and female; and that Adam and Eve are one, the express image of them or him, as you please. Those w-ho believe the sacred record, are as sacredly bound to receive His testimony! There can be no shadow of doubt or turning ^ it is yea, amen! Three males in the Godhead are a monstrosity, and repugnant to every feeling in humanity.! A barrea conglomeration of unproductive elements. The holy Saviour never told his disciples that there were three male persons in His Father, and that He was one of them. But this Trinity is a most mortifying and degrading image, in the Christian (?) galaxy; borrowed, yea stolen from Oriental mythology. Go into the Hindoo temples, and you will there find his catholic majesty, and the Hindoo worship nearly verbatim to that of the holy See. The Hindoos, Tartars and others say, the west inherited or borrowed Catholicism of their oriental brethren; theoatholics deny the charge, and say, the missionaries carried the sacred dogma to the heathen nations; but every oriental scholar knows tshat the gods belonged originally to the east, and-that the west is the dupe of paganism. The missionary Hue, on his way to China, tarried over winter in the Tartar city of Lassa. Here he made the acquaintance of a young Tartar prince, and spent most of his time in converting the young nobleman. In the spring before his departure, Hue thus addressed his young friends ' I am about to depart on ray mission, and wish to have a memorial of my labors. I think ycra are fully prepared to enter upon the solemn rites of our sacred religion; I propose baptism.' Said the prince, 'Stop, my worthy friend, you are quite too fast; I have listened to you attentively all winter, and perceive, to my astonishment, that our theologies are identical.' ' 0, well, well,' said Hue, ' our missionaries have been here, and taught you these sublime truths.' ' Quite too fast again,' said the prince; ' Whatever of religion, law, physic and the sciences you have in the west, all are oriental, and the east are your teachers.' So Hue departed on his mission., ' a wiser if not a better 'man.' Wm. Redmon U. Village