Why I am a Shaker A friend asks : ' Why are you a Shaker ?' jJnswer.—Because I have resolved to be an honest man — a Christian. Jesus was the first Christian. By precept and example he pointed to a more excellent way than was marked out even in the Jewish economy, which was far above heathen idolatry. When I was awakened to see my loss from God, through a departure from his laws, I sought to become a Christian. I looked to the Churches to find the good Shepherd who feeds his flock, for my soul was hungry. But I could not find him ; nor hear his voice. I then looked to find his footprints, that I might know whither he leadeth his flock to rest. The ministers of the popular churches told me that I 8O THE SHAKER. was a Christian. But my conscience said, Nay! Jesus Christ, the great examplar, said, come out from the world and be separate; be pure, be just, be holy; renounce war, and those lusts which produce war. ' As ye would that others should do to you, so do ye the same to them.' I knew that I could not be a full Christian unless I followed the example of Jesus Christ, and lived, in word and deed, as he did; and my conscience reproached me, and was my accuser day and night; for I was so very unlike the Pattern, who was a celibate from deep principle; this I was not. He utterly condemned war; I did not. He said, ' Whosoever shall do the will of my Father who is in Heaven, the same is my relative — my mother, or sister, or brother.' The ties of consanguinity (not the principles of pure celibacy) formed the bond which held me. The Spirit, through Providential agencies, led me to the Shakers. I found them to be a community of people living as did the Pentecostal Church, ignoring war and private property, loving their brethren and sisters as themselves, and abstaining from all sexual and sensual gratifications ; indeed, living pure virgin lives. ' By their fruits ye shall know them.' Here were the fruits. As an honest man, I cast my lot with them. They taught me to confess and forsake all sin ; to right every wrong; to cleanse my heart from all impurity, and to 'go and sin no more.' TTiis is why lam a Shaker. Adam Georgeson', Canaan, N. Y.