Inspiration A very interesting study, to the observer of Nature, is the combination of its various ele- ments, whether spontaneous or artificial. The solid earth itself, with its ocean and its atmosphere, is the result of this union of elements. One combination produces the delicate plant with its exquisitely beautiful flowers, and another the stately tree—the glory of the vegetable realms. One, the sparkling gem ; another, that which gives us the material for our most durable and magnificent edifices. One furnishes that which is agreeable to the sense and productive of health and vigor; another, that which is every way disagreeable and even destructive of life. Separate these into their constituent parts, and the beauty, the fragrance, the solidity, and even their foul and destructive characteristics disappear. The grand truths to be deduced from these facts are, that the various results which are effected in the material world are all owing to the different combinations of its elements; that these combinations and their results are all under the control of the Divine Mind; are partly within the power of created beings at the present time; and, in the future, so far as they affect man's condition, will be wholly under his control. For, it is not to be supposed that our chemists have arrived at all the ultimates of things in their various analyses of Nature, though they have resolved substances into more than sixty of, what they call, primates or elements . And even Huxley, with his newly discovered protoplasm, is likely to be surpassed by future analysts. Seasoning from what has already been discovered by man in the realms of Nature, it is not contrary to the deductions of sound logic to believe that hereafter he will so far penetrate into what are now its secrets, as to be able to give unerring rules for the maintenance of physical health, and, as a necessary consequence, such as shall have an important bearing upon the moral status. Much has already been done towards ' a consummation so devoutly to be wished;' but the manifest uncertainties in our various schools of medicine declare how very far we are yet from that most desirable state of things. And the numerous schools for moral health show that there is, at least, among the masses as much uncertainty respecting the true mode of the soul's salvation as of that of the body. And yet, we have all learned something. We have learned that there are certain influences to be shunned if we would maintain physical health, and others to be earnestly sought after. There are those, also, that affect the moral well-being, equally to be avoided, and others, again, to be ardently desired. 'Evil communications corrupt good manners,' because, like the atmosphere charged with elements that enter not into its constituent parts, they insinuate themselves into the moral system and deposit there what does not belong to the soul. We may shun all these. We live in a physical atmosphere liable to be corrupted by various influences, but we may build our residences above them, so as to be beyond their reach. We are in a world, also, whose moral atmosphere is tainted by various hurtful things, but we may choose that portion of it which is far away from their contaminating influences. The prophetic language of past ages corroborates this. 'It shall come to pass in the last days that the mountain of Jehovah's house shall be established in the top of the mountains,' far above the moral miasmas of the marshes below, where the pure breath of heaven completely fills field and forest, avenue and dwelling. The angel that talked with the prophet Zeehariah made this declaration: ' Jerusalem shall be inhabited as towns without walls,' or, literally translated, as country villages; evidently a literal and truthful prophecy of the actual dwelling places of ' Jerusalem which is above;' above the old one with its narrow, filthy, disease-producing streets, and its lofty, war-enticing walls, and above everything that is low in its moral and spiritual condition. 'I,' says Jehovah, 'will be a wall of fire round about, and will be tiie glory in the midst of her.' He is her protection both from external foes and internal vices, better than walls of stone and gates of brass. The Divine Breath goes through her fields, her streets and her dwellings. It makes music in her groves, moves in her waving grain, and manifests itself in the beauty and fragrance of every flower that greets the eye. Entering into the innermost spirit of every one enrolled as a citizen of fhis Jerusalem, and working outwardly, it brings everything within him into the completest harmony with the whole. 'Every divinely inspired scripture is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness, that the man of God may be perfect.' He in whom God breathes the divine life, may impart that life to others, and even his writings, though subject to numerous copyings and translations, will have an influence for good on all after generations, so that the apostle has justly styled such, ' God-breathed scripture.' This inspiring influence is not confined to the books of the Bible, whether Catholic or Protestant, but is discovered, also, in the writings of many others, by those whom the Divine Spirit illuminates. This life-giving breath was that which inspired John Wesley on that memorable occasion when, listening to the reading of Luther's scripture comments, he felt a strange glow in his heart. It was this which gave him ' thoughts that breathed and words that burned,' and made him so efficient in turning others to righteousness. If, however, he had given more heed to the word that spoke within him than to those written by Luther, he would have effected a more thorough work than he did; though, it is true, Luther's theology could not shut the divine teachings wholly from his soul. This, also, dwelt largely in George Fox, as a fire within him, constraining him to cry aloud and spare not the vices of his age. This pure breath of Heaven became the permanent life of Mother Ann when she had wrought out her redemption from the lower life; and, in the possession of this, she could say, ' If there is anything within me contrary to God, I do not know it.' This was recognized by many of her devoted children as soon as they came into her presence; was felt in her singing, in her words of encouragement, and in her reproofs of sin. This must be the life-element of the Christian, THE SHAKER. 77 which shall purge from his entire being whatever does not belong to the life of Heaven; must create within him new desires and dispositions that will, in the end, infinitely surpass the best which he possessed previously. When this is effected within him, then is accomplished in him, in its highest sense, the divine fiat, ' Behold, I create all things new! ' Wm. H. Bussell