The End of the World This subject is being agitated at the present time with increased animation. 'The World's Crisis' is positive of this event occurring within five years.; when the earth will collapse, and Jesus make an appearance to save Second Adventists from the otherwise general destruc tion. We have before us a pamphlet,* written with much sincerity, and compiled with much mathematical ingenuity, declarative of the destruction of the physical world in the year 1873. We are believers in the ending of the * ' The Midnight Cry !' by Barbour, world, and of the appearance of Christ's Spirit; and make no objection to the times that have been set; but of choice would name 1871. We have a hopeful faith that the world will end in 1875 ; also in 1873 ; and nearer still, the present year of 1871! The world to which we refer is the world of sin; others allude to the physical earth. The result of our opinions, would be perfected Christian characters, by being those 'upon whom the ends of the world have come,' as really to-day as two or four years hence. The result of Miles Grant's opinions would be the resurrection of dead bodies ; weeping, wailing and gnashing of teeth on the part of the multitude, while a few would rise to ineffable glory in perfected physical trim. If the world is to end, we say let it end to our largest Christian profit; at the expense of our pride; our lusts; to the destruction of all that makes us unlike our pattern—Jesus, who became the Christ. Our earth is too pretty to be destroyed ; but our evil dispositions, made up of the world, are only worthy of annihilation, and the quicker they merit their just dues, the better for the individual and the race. Our beautiful earth will continue to revolve, we believe, a few centuries longer; but the work of purging from our souls '' the beggarly elements of the world' should commence at once; let these come to an immediate ending. The elements composing the world which should end, are ' the lusts of the flesh, of the eyes, and the pride of life ; ' and 'be of good cheer,' said Jesus, 'for I have brought these elements to an end.' Putting an end to the world, after the manner of Jesus, causes the dead to rise—the dead in sinful works; for they cease their sinfulness and are resurrected to the life of the righteous. The Adventists are looking in the clouds of earth for the coming man; while they should seek among the clouds of heavenly witnesses, the truth, that the second appearance of Christ will be through the feminine order I But why dwell upon the second appearance of Christ, while so few are assured that Christ has made a first advent ? The first appearance of Christ to any individual will have the effect of saving him from his sins; not from the penalty of past sins, but from the necessity of transgression in the present and future. How many experience this salvation? to just so many has Christ appeared, no more. And none can realize the second advent of this blessed Spirit, until they have experienced the baptism of the first appearance, which will put an end to the world of sin, ere the second advent can take place. All will yet experience the end of the world. All will be visited by the Spirit of Christ. But these occurrences will not happen simultaneously to all. Some have already put an end to the world in themselves, and are experiencing the blessing of Christ's Second Appearance ! Others are ripening up to be harvested from the world, by the harvestman —Christ; then will they willingly forsake a worldly life; all that composes the practice of 'the children of this world' will be brought to a speedy close. Here is the hope of the people called Shakers—having ripened up to the necessity of living angelic lives, they are those ' upon whom the ends of the world have come;' and they look for the continuance of their organization, to those whom the Spirit of Christ will similarly affect. But the people generally, at present, seem too devoted to the pleasures of a worldly life, and are quite unwilling that these should end. Elder Grant, while looking for a general smash-up in 1875, is quite unwilling to become ' a eunuch for the kingdom of heaven's sake' before that time; and we will have patience with him, and all other Adventists, if, upon the non-appearance of Jesus; the continuation of the earth in its course; the willful adhesion of dead bodies to their graves, and the absence of a general conflagration, they will come to the common-sense conclusion, that what they are earnestly looking for with their natural eyes, will occur only in a spiritual manner and be spiritually discerned. Many arrived at this conclusion after the failure of 1843; and are among the staunchest supporters of the principles of the Shaker Church to-day. They have since seen the earth, and earthly pleasures pass away with a great noise; they have heard Gabriel's trumpet sounding the 'come up higher' invitation; they were dead in trespasses, and were raised up to the mount of salvation ; and when they realized their mistake they sung, as all sincere Adventists are destined to sing: ' Adieu, adieu, vain viorld, farewell I I find no rest in thee ! Thy greatest pleasures form a hell Too dark and sad for me! Alas, alaa! I have too long Preferred thy sinful crowd ; I've listened to thy siren song 'Till mercy called aloud ! 'Adieu, vain world, I say once more j I'iti bound for Canaan's land j I see a happy world before, Prepared at God's right hand! On life's tempestuous sea I sail, Where countless billows roll; Yet Christ, my pilot, will not fail,— With him, I trust my soul. 'He can command the roaring tid«, And silencie all my foes; With courage, safely I can ride Through every wind that blows; And as I daily homeward steer, Toward the sweet land of peace, 'this iVorid does less and less appear, And all its charms decrease t 'While shining millions, sailed before,— Who've gained the port above, Found nothing in old Babel's store, That they could prize or love ; That everlasting glory bright, Will tarnish all below; Just as the sun's meridian height Forbids the stars to glow i' *