Freedom What is Freedom and where is it to be found ? Our fathers fought for freedom. We inherited it; are said to be the free-born sons and daughters of America. We certainly are inspired with a love for freedom, and consequently have acquired a strong detestation of bondage. But liberty, true liberty, is not attained by the sword. Though our country may boast of freedom, yet are the. people free ? Are they not fettered down to earth by passion, pride, envy, revenge, and evils too numerous to mention? Can we boast of liberty when we are not able to govern ourselves ? Jesus said : ' Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make jrou free.' Cowper, in some of his inspired writings, says : 'He is a free man whom the truth makes free, and all are slaves beside.' This has been a subject I have considered attentively from my youth up. It seems really lamentable that in these professedly free United States, after the struggle there has been to emancipate slavery, that it should still exist in our midst, wherein all might and should be free. I hate slavery. I read in one of my school books, words like these: 'And even now in some parts of united America, women are but little better than slaves.' How shocking! And again: 'Man tarnishes his name and brightens it again; but if woman chance to swerve from the strictest rules of virtue, ' Ruin ensues reproach and endless shame, And one false step forever blasts her fame; In vain with tears the loss she may deplore, In vain look back to what she was before, She sets like stars that fall to rise no more.'' Is this right ? I think not. It is not so in Christ's kingdom. Jesus said : ' He that is without sin, let him first cast a stone.' And to the woman : ' Go and sin no more.' If it is so in the kingdom of this world, I do not blame the women for wanting more rights. Certainly all now have a right not to tarnish their name ; and I would that they all had the grace and dignity not to do it. I am sensible that I live in a very enlightened age and country, and do feel a strong sympathy with those of my sex who would be glad to live lives of purity, if they could find the requisite protection. I believe there are many refined ?young females who would wish to live virtuous lives devoted to God, if they knew of a way. To all such I would say there is an asylum—I have found it, and have for many years breathed its pure air free from all contaminating influences, surrounded by dear brethren and sisters who are ever willing to strengthen and encourage, not draw down, and back, but onward and upward. This haven, and this relation, The Shaker will point you to. Laura A. Prentiss