'Owe no Man,' etc. ' I do not know that I owe any man a dollar!'—Edward Fowler. ' Once it was the custom for each individual to^repeat, from memory, 'some regulation of the family or society, when all had gathered for worship. The ministry were not excepted. We were all anxious to know which rule Elder Ebenezer Bishop (then the presiding Elder of Believers) would repeat, supposing it would be the most important spiritual requisition. All were disappointed when he repeated, ' Believers must not run into debt!' But circumstances have since proved the wisdom of his choice, as touching both the temporal and spiritual prosperity of our people.'— Chauncy Miller. ' I have been in the Trustee's office for many years, yet I never gave my note to any one, and I never will.'—Simon Atherton. ' Of all afflictions, being in debt is the worst. I make it a rule to pay my employees in full once a month, whether they want their wages or not.'—Benjamin Gates. ' I endeavor to keep my accounts in that manner, that the whole could be straightened and balanced with an hour's notice.'—Levi Shaw. ' Hand in hand, with the injunction that we must not run in debt, should be an injunction not to live, nor desire to live, beyond our means.'—Galen Richmond. The above, as may be seen, are the remarks of some of the most prominent members of Shaker Society to-day, doing business as Trustees. ' That child around, and taking notes, and faith he'll print them,' will surprise these members somewhat, but he, nevertheless, feels honored by the testimony he has unobservedly obtained, and in being able to record for the benefit of others their sage counsels. Undoubtedly, the column could be many times filled with like matter, all tending to advise : 'Look before you leap,' and 'Dip not out more than gets in, else you will come to want.' Carelessness on the part of Believers has caused them to swerve somewhat from the rule enforced by that good Elder in an easterr Society, who would not permit the Trustee to mingle with the rest in worship, because he had failed to pay two or three shillings due on a hogshead of molasses he had brought home Suppose the same rule were now in force, how many ti'ustees would be in durance ?