The Omnipresence of Deity Alas, how weak, short-sighted, and inconsistent are we! We may say we feel the )ower of God within us, but would be shocked to hear one say, ' I feel God within me.' It will do very well to say that no soul can be saved without the operation and indwelling of the spirit of God; we should be startled to lear one say he could not be saved without the indwelling of God in his soul. So, we lesitate not to admit that God is Omnipotent —Almighty, but we can scarcely grant the possibility of his ubiquity. We must fix him a ocal habitation, give him a form, and take from him Infinity. Nevertheless, we may be assured that wherever the power of God is elt or perceived, there is the God of Power, since it is as absurd to suppose the power of God without God, as to suppose God without power. Where the spirit of God is, there is God, for God is spirit; and it would be as absurd to suppose the Spirit of God without God, as to suppose God without Spirit. It is a mere figment of the fancy to suppose that the Spirit of God is something distinct from God, and is as absurd as to consider the mind or spirit of man something distinct from man. The phrase, 'Spirit of God,' may be defined as God's influence, and it is mostly applied to the manifestation of Divine power in individualized being—an inspirational saving influence of God in the soul of man. As to the Omnipresence of God, which is so much more difficult for some to perceive than his Omnipotence, it will be found that the latter cannot be rationally conceived to exist without the former. It must be admitted that where God is there is power, and because his presence is infinite, his power must also be infinite; and it is for this very reason that his power is infinite, because he is everywhere, there ready to do what he sees should be done. ' The eye of the Lord is in every place, beholding the evil and the good.' (Prov. xv., 3.) Again, His Omniscience can no more be rationally admitted without supposing his Omnipresence, than can his Omnipotence. Inasmuch as he is everywhere present, he in every place sees and knows all that exists or takes place, and happy is he who believes that nothing, the most minute, can take place without, at least, his notice. ' The very hairs of your head,' said Jesus, ' are all numbered, and not one of them falls to the ground without your Heavenly Father's notice—not one sparrow falls to the ground without your Father.' How could he have taught the ubiquity of God in stronger language ? How, more clearly and cogently, could he have set forth the infinity of his power and providence, his goodness and government even in the most minute things ? Happy are they who heartily and habitually believe in this Omnipresence and infinite goodness of God, the Heavenly Father and Mother, and who are reconciled to everything which He permits .; who see his footsteps in every thing without them, and feel Him ' working within them to will and to do of his own good pleasure,' being conscious that they are daily and faithful co-workers with him. By Father and Mother, I do not mean two distinct persons or beings in Deitjr, but that in the one THE SHCA.KER. 87 Infinite Spirit or Divine Essence, there exists the attributes of Father and Mother, just asmuch the one as the other. But Father and Mother are the names of relations, not of esserices, and belong to that class of things which logicians call accidents. They are accidental qualities or titles. This by-the-by. We will proceed with our main subject, the Omnipresence. If it is difficult to conceive the ubiquity of Deity, how shall we comprehend his eternity ? How shall we grasp the tremendous thought that ' He inhabiteth eternity !' (Isa. lvii., 15)—that all time, all being, and all possible events, past, present, and to come, are alike intimately present with him, so that he 'inhabits,' dwells in, and comprehends the whole as fully and clearly as the least parts—that, as he inhabits and fills infinite space, so he as perfectly inhabits and comprehends the whole infinite duration ? Yet all this is but a faint and inadequate idea of his infinity. Our ideas on this subject must always be imperfect, and can only amount to this, that after extending them to the utmost bounds of thought on every side, there is still something to be added—an infinity of greatness and glory beyond, that a finite mind can never reach. Yet even such inadequate thoughts of Deity are profitable and consoling, when we consider that this incomprehensible infinity of power and goodness stands pledged for the protection and final happiness of all who put their trust in him and obey his laws. Into what insignificance and nothingness we little wrorms do sink, with all our boasted greatness! Surely, if God were anything less than infinite we should be entirely overlooked. But while the thought of his infinity humbles us in the dust, it consolingly assures us that we cannot exist without his special notice and regard. For if we should conceive of the least animalcule or atom existing somewhere in the universe out of the reach of his knowledge and notice, we should instantly destroy the idea of his infinity, yea, of his existence, because if one animalcule or atom can exist without his creative and sustaining power, thousands more —yea, all the animals and atoms in the universe can exist without him ! Thus, the necessity of God's infinity rests on the same foundation as that of his existence, and we cannot overturn one without destroying the other. R. W. Pelham