Materialism The influence of Spiritualism, and its widespread action, is, indeed, one of the wonders of the nineteenth century. And, while it is a fulfillment of past predictions, it is also a prophecy that the face of modern civilization will undergo a change. Several years (about 1843) before the advent of the ' rappings,' I heard the following prophecy uttered: ' That which you have witnessed (Spiritualism on a small scale among the Shakers, will break forth among the world.' This prophecy struck me wTith much force, for I saw in its fulfillment, revolutionary results. It has been, and is being fulfilled to an overflow beyond measure. The mission of Spiritualism thus far has been to arrest materialism, and to disintegrate old organizations and ideas. All attempts by spiritualists to organize, have made bad worse. In the present phase of Spiritualism, there also is a prophecy, namely: ' That as a wave of spiritual light has reached rudimental humanity, so it will be succeeded by a wave of light and warmth combined, producing religious conviction, which, in its results, will be organizing. The elements with which to organize are plentifully strewn all over the realms of sentiment and intelligence. Prominently among these will be new religious formations ; the organization of labor, and its results; physiological matters, referring themselves to the right use of the generative and nutritive functions. Also, governmental adaptations, taking cognizance of property in, and the distribution of, land, with the abolition of usury.* Getting into debt makes a man a slave; and taking usury makes a man a robber, abstractly. Quietly standing amid the din of human thought, is the Shaker form of human social life—'not numbered with' the nations'—a Peak, isolated and alone. Its foundations not resting on mere human animal emotions, but on their denial, as a substratum, to be overlaid with humandivine emotions, as a new base of action. Human reproductive emotions are the foundations of all forms of social life; domestic happiness and embroilments rest there also. Hence the wisdom of watching the heart, the emotions—with all diligence—for out of them are the issues of hate and war, as well as of love and peace. One of the prominent sentiments of society at present is in the direction of a permanent amelioration and elevation of humanity as a whole. Governments that rule by might and power, force and fraud, as do lions and tigers, are less and less acceptable. The power to obtain and possess wealth, by merely lending *The law of Moses required an equal division of the land to the Jewish people. It also made provision for such of them as might be too poor to cultivate their lots, for it, in the name of God of Israel, called upon the more wealthy of the people to give, or lend, to their poor brethren all they might be in need of for that purpose, without asking or receiving either iisury or increase. And, moreover, if (through poverty or misfortune) any of the poor were unable to discharge the debt before the end of the sixth year, they Avere, in the seventh (or Sabbatical year) to be freely and entirely liberated from all and every demand of their creditors. What a brilliant contrast is herein presented between the Mosaical and the (as it is very improperly called) ' Christian' modes of providing the means of subsistence for the poor! money without creating any wealth, is too palpably iniquitous to be recognized under any other.denomination than that of Satanic. The antagonism between the accumulated products of labor and the laborer, shows such a devia- tion from the rule of right as justifies an assertion to which I have to plead guilty, ' That humanity is now comparatively in hell.' All over Christendom war establishments exist to kill and destroy, associated with extensive efforts, at home and abroad, to preach a gospel of peace, mercy and love, which is comparatively heaven yet. This is so outrageous and unnatural a mixture, that there can be no wonder in truthful men and women spurning with contempt such a combination, and looking elsewhere than to the meeting-house or the churches for hope and peace. Such a state of things so long continued has brought forth the infidel dogmatic materialist. He is the product of the absence of the divine in ' the powers that be,' coupled with doings which violate the common sense, as well as the higher instincts of humanity. That form of materialism which ignored spiritual facts is to me the most illogical of all isms, because spiritual entities and their forces are the most material of all things, and are eternally manifesting themselves in tangible creations or effects. Our world is a world of effects modified by conditions; the unseen world is the world of causes—of spiritual intelligent forces. The most repugnant form of materialism is found in a praying, fighting, singing Christianity. To all doubters I would say, ' Doubt, but be honest;' yet, do not allow doubting to make ruts, lest the wheels of progress should get bemired, and new and open ground could not be reached. A few days ago a person said to me, ' I am a materialist; wrhat my five senses can take cognizance of, I can believe.' He then began to decry Spiritualism as a humbug. To prove it so, he and some friends formed a circle, and the table began to move; a bulky person placed himself on the table, and still the table moved. His idea is, that the force that moved the table was confined to those in the body. I then began to analyze and illustrate somewhat as follows : It was not the bodies of those who formed the circle that moved the table, but an unseen impalpable force in pos session of the circle. I then drew his attention to the indubitable evidences of spirit entity. I asked him if he ever had seen a dead spirit ? implying, that as spirits in the body (taking him on his own ground), being in possession of an unseen impalpable force, when out of the body, would not be destitute of the same attribute. Spirit is force organized. Force is eternal, and that power which renders force subservient to intelligent will, could not be less than eternal. He related the following : ' He had a friend engaged in carrying (by water) butter to market. At a distance of more than a hundred miles, he saw his friend's vessel go to pieces ; in a fewr days he had a letter informing him of the loss. I remarked that he was in possession of another sense in addition to the five.' 86 THE SHA.KER. A person well known and of good standing among his friends, had spent the best part of his life an invulnerable materialist; and had shown his great devotion to truth by much doubting. This, with its associate caviling, had made some ruts in his mind. Spiritualism came in his way—in his family, if I don't mistake. On its appearance, he met it with his old tactics; but the manifestations came so thick and strong that the old ruts caved in, and he appeared in print, declaring his conversion and adhesion to the truth of disem ¦ bodied spirit-entity. Robert Owen, the social reformer and materialist, was met in the same way, and with the dignity of a true man, and the simplicity of a child, he accepted Spiritualism as a substantial reality. The many proofs of spirit-entity have so thinned the ranks of the whole class of earthly materialists, that a corporal's guard is about all that is left of them. One fact .dissipates the whole fabric of their doubts and negations. I consider anti-religious materialism as only a passing phase of abnormal spirit-life, induced (as above stated) by long-continued outrages against the common sense and higher instincts of humanity which, by its love of truth, has providential^ operated to destroy the system that gave it birth, a system falsely called ' Christian,' but which (its professions and practices considered) is really the most Satanic the world has ever beheld. I have been asked, 'What is your idea of God ?' Upon this subject I have but few words to offer. I am capable of thought and of organizing thoughts, and of manifest- ing them in external forms. I am child enough to believe that I had a father and a mother; and that there is a Great Central Father and Mother of us all, who are capable of thought, and of organizing thoughts, even as I am, and of manifesting those thoughts by creations so grand and good, as to impress me with wonder, admiration and awe. They are not far from any one of us. I will follow on to know them. I am thankful for the 'express image' of their Divine attributes, as manifested through their first-born Son and Daughter from the human family—Jesus of Nazareth, and Ann of Manchester, which manifestation, with increase, is still continued through their successors in Christ—the Shaker Church, of their own establishing. These I will follow, to them I will gather, as to the properly anointed Shepherds of those whom Jesus Christ designated a 'little flock.' ' Come !' and (with me) learn of them, for thejr are 'meek and lowly in heart.' They seek not their own but others' welfare. Daniel Fraser, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.