Are the Shakers Ascetics? In all ages, mankind have felt the desire to appease an offended Deity ; for men have erred since the early days of earth's history, and consequently felt the sting of remorse and unhappiness, the natural result of violating God's laws. And as most men will relent and forgive an injury, when approached humbly and sorrowfully by the offending party, so men, in their short-sighted conception of the Eternal, have thought to propitiate Him, and regain their own peace of mind, by vows and sacrifices, or the observance of an ascetic life. Others, again, stimulated, doubtless, by a pious longing after holiness and purity, proposed to subdue the inherent inclination to evil, and the inordinate desires of their minds, by seclusion, fasting, the recitation of long prayers, bodily torments, and the abjuration of every comfort or innocent pleasure! They are called Ascetics —persons who, secluded from the world, live a rigid and austere life, and employ their time mostly in devotions and mortifications. Are the Shakers Ascetics ? This epithet is not uncommonly applied. Let us look at their everyday life, and thereby see whether the name ' Ascetics ' property belongs to them. Do they live secluded from the world? Decidedly they do, in a certain sense. They claim to live in retirement from the world, in a life of self-discipline and preparation for a future state. There are no high, cloister walls around their buildings, and no dark courts lead to their dwellings ; but God's bright sunlight is invited everywhere, to cheer with its rays, this simple and unassuming people. The visitor or traveler will not find the forbidding words, No admittance,' written on any of their gates or doors, but meets with a kind and hearty welcome, with an invitation to examine and judge for himself; while hardly a day passes by in which hundreds of strangers do not come through their farms and villages. The hermits of old retired from the world, and buried themselves in the inaccessible wilderness, and many a weary and sad heart now, will retire behind the gloomy walls of a cloister. They were and are Ascetics. Are Shakers? They retire from the wrorld so far as not to take part in political movements, which certainly tend to abstract the mind from higher and purer pursuits ; nor in the usual pleasures of the world —the principles that make the world (see John ii. 15, 16)—considering them as not consistent with a life devoted to spiritual progress. They have separated from the principles of the world, but do not live in seclusion; they shun the evils of the world, and all which leads to worldliness, but do not shun its children, in whose souls are the images of God ; they come in contact with those who are of the world, but live not according to the demands of the world—are they, therefore, Ascetics ? Is their life rigid and austere ? It may appear so to the egotist or the devotee of pleasure, but not to the philosopher or Christian. The ancient axiom, ' The fewer wants, the more happiness,' is still true. All the riches in the world will never suffice to supply the wants of a depraved appetite, for every sensual gratifi- cation excites a desire for new indulgences of a more refined kind, and in proportion to their fulfilment, the passion demands those that are more extensive and luxurious. 'Shakers,' or ' Believers,' enjoy the products of nature, with which they are amply supplied, and use all the comforts and conveniences which the fruits of their industry permit. They live not in luxury, but in comfort; not in extravagance, but in sufficiency. And is their manual labor hardship ? Labor is pleasure, if performed moderately, and for a good purpose; it has a salutary effect upon body and mind, and no one among them is required to work beyond his capabilities. An evidence that their daily life is far from being austere, is afforded by their records of mortality, which prove a greater longevity among the Shakers than any other class of people. True piety will not show a solemn, Puritanic THE SHAKER. countenance, but will enjoy a hearty laugh, a mirthful and agreeable conversation. And let any visitor call at a Shaker village, and he will not meet many faces of a forbidding or downcast aspect, but the peace within will show itself in the serene and happy countenances of those who have devoted their lives to purity and soul-development, and who feel that they are at peace with God, and beloved by their companions. Do Shakers employ their time mostly in devotions and mortifications ? Their devotional formalities occupy a very small portion of the day, for labor is prayer, and useful occupation more acceptable in the sight of heaven than the recital of long and meaningless prayers. But they most emphatically claim that their lives are spent in mortification, not of the body, but of the carnal will. ' Know thyself,' was written, as the essence of wisdom, on the portals of the temple of Ephesus; and ' Know thyself,' and 'Conquer thyself,' is written now on the standard of Believers. To subdue themselves, and even eradicate that which 'the still small voice' condemns, and to restore the soul to its native purity, as a fi-t emblem of its Maker—to replace in their minds the spiritual instead of the sensual, is their aim and daily labor. Can such an end be reached without a struggle ? without mortification ? God alone knows the fierce combat that has raged in many a soul aspiring after holiness; and often He alone has seen the silent tears, and heard the suppressed sobs of many a weary traveler towards His kingdom of eternal rest; and He alone knows the agony whieh the demand, 'Conquer thyself,' often extorts. And were it not for His help, who would succeed ? But success is certain. His help, and the observance of the eternal truths established in the Church of Christ's Second Appearing, will enable every soul to conquer the enemy within, and then the state of happiness will commence, and the soul will find heaven on earth. Then the words of Christ will be fulfilled ; ' Every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands for my name's sake, shall receive a hundred fold, and shall inherit ever- lasting life,' and peace, comfort and bliss will dwell in abundance in the soul, which will then receive a forshadowing of the eternal, heavenly joys. There cannot be victory without a combat, nor holiness without struggles and mortifications of the carnal mind. Ascetics mortify the body; Shakers mortify the principalities of evil. But let Shakers be called Ascetics, or fanatics, or a deluded people—it will not alter the truth. There is only one way to salvation, and every soul, at some period of its existence, either in this world or in the world to come, will havetoenterit—the way that Jesus taught in the words : ' Forsake all, and follow me.' God speed the day when the light from above will shine on repentant and sorrowstricken souls ; when His angels will point out to an anxious and burdened multitude the true and only way of salvation from evil: Confessing and forsaking sin, and living alife of purity, humility, and unselfishness ! A. Wager. Union Village, O.