The Last Night of Jesus on Earth. Beautiful for situation; As Jerusalem of old, Is the Lord's new habitation, Where His truth and power unfold. Built of His eternal treasure, Is the City from above ; Vainly would our spirits measure Half its glory, peace and love. We. whose hearts and homes are lighted With the radiance of His face, Know that bloom will reach the blighted, As the sun the darken'd place. Here, among the hills and mountains, Revelations v?e can gain ; Drink from spiritual fountains, Ne'er to thirst for earth again. Here the future is unfolded: From the shadows of the past, From wild chaos, God has moulded Beauties that will live and last; And His power is not diminished, Greater wonders He will do, Ere His work on earth is finished, And all things are made anew. Hope, with joyous, starry pinion, Speeds into the coming day ; Love goes back, through time's dominion, On the pilgrim's rugged way— Love goes back to him who sorrowed O'er the wicked and perverse, Back to him who toil'd and suffered, To destroy the Eden curse. Love, like Mary, bows and listens When the multitudes are taught; In her eyes emotion glistens When the miracles are wrought. What, to her, is learning's station, With its pompous iron sway ? Better far the soul's salvation, Spoken of in simple way. Parables, from nature taken, Illustrate the law divine, And the honest soul awaken To the truths that round it shine. Still the world will kill the lowly ; For it loveth but its own, Hearts that would be pure and holy Still the press must tread alone. Jcsns gave his life for others ; None could minister to him, Though he fain would make them brothers, Yet their spirit-life was dim ; All they knew he had imparted, Streams their source cannot supply ; They were faithless and faint-hearted, When the darkened hour drew nigh. When the last sad meal was ended, And the solemn hymn was o'er, They the mountain slope ascended With a grief unknown before. All their love to Mm had centered ; They had known him as a man ; But theirTjearts had never entered Into God's deep, holy plan. When his grief he cvnild not smother, Pressed on him with heavy weight; They were striving with each other, Who among tttem should be great. They were children, and he led them } Their affections round him grew : Carefully he taught, and fed them In the life and spirit new. Oft he gathered them together, To baptize their souls in flame— They, like lonely, desert heathen, Knew not whence the spirit came. Theirs was fervent, human feelingTender sympathy and love ; God was to his soul revealing Elements they knew not of. Every human creed must perish ; Fairest flowers will fade and part; And the closest ties We cherish Break and wreck the trusting heart/ Let this lesson ever waken Strength within the struggling soul: Principles are never shaken j God has kept them tf us and Whole. They will grovt and brighten, ever, 'Neat.h the Angels' chastening rod ; They will form our home forever— ' Stones ¦' approv'd and blest of God. O my spirit, thou art lifted With a burst of holy song ; And thy inmost sight is gifted With a vision, sought for long. What, to thee, is earthly trial ? O, behold the heavenly state ! In the clouds of self-denial, Toil, and for fruition waft, Numbered not with ariy nation, Israel, here shall dwell alone ; But his glory and salvation Shall throughout the earth be known ! Cecelia De Vere