Growth Our entrance into this world is not accompanied with minds stored with problems, mathematically solve 1, nor with consciences graded to the admeasurement of what is right or wrong. We enter this sphere with innate faculties capable of progress ; the unfolding of which is very gradual. As infants, we see colors, hear sounds and observe forms; but not until the faculties have been educated to distinguish the colors, classify the sounds, separate form from size, and size from weight, do they become any more beneficial to ourselves or others, than the precious ore imbedded in the extra- neous shale of the earth. This must be mined ; subjected to the processes of crushing, washing, smelting, etc., before the gold can be of service to any, or fitted to be moulded into the multiform uses of gold. But the gold is none the less gold, when mixed with quartz, than in its service tc the most noble enterprises. The untutored child of nature, who, knowing only those needs which at the moment press upon him, makes no provision for the future, more than the raven for its food; yet there is in him an inherent consciousness of a higher power than himself; he ' sees God in storms, and hears him in the winds; ' when necessitated to retire without his usual meal, it is the punishment of the Great Spirit for his wrong doing; but when there is plenty of game, food in abundance, then are the gods pleased, and the heart of the savage made glad; and here we see untrained intuition. Making the distinction between right and wrong, being an intellectual process, is perfect or imperfect, correct or incorrect, according to the degree of the mind's education into the divine lihgt. To humanity is granted a knowledge and power that are denied to the brutal. These are used almost without limit, for the benefit or harm of the race; not merety that portion of it cotemporary with ourselves, but affecting the posterity of ages yet to come; and we find the blessings and iniquities of ages past acting on the platform of earth to-day ! Is it generally considered how much we encourage the growth, or retard the progress of the Millennium to our fellows or successors ? and when the great law of compensation is enforced, how shall we stand affected ? There is in man the will and power to be kind, or to do harm. In his depraved condition, he retaliates wrongs done him, and apparent wrongs to his friends ; distributing animosity, not only to the actual assailants, but often to the innocent relations. The first process of elevating such degraded humanity, is to enlighten it. If a man is physically diseased, then give him physiological and hygienic instruction and treatment to meet the case. If morally wrong, let him feel the administration of justice, and taught the golden rule. If spiritually degenerated, like the gold amid the accumulated quartz, let there be a process of separation, of burning the dross, until the gold only shall remain ; and this can only be done by the action of the divine elements on the individual, as operates the sun and rain in the production of ' first the blade, then the ear, then the full corn in the ear.' Religious life is not perfected at a bound, nor by momentary conversion. Generations will pass, and the individual of to-day will yet see a way of progression. Moses was a school- master, and taught his people of righteousness on the earthly plane. Subsequent prophets foretold a glorious and more perfect day, when the knowledge of the Lord should not only enlighten us as to things of earthly righteousness, but to encompass the whole man, ' as the waters cover the sea; ' and this knowledge is found illustrated in the character of Jesus— the Christ —who was the first individual who put an end the world in himself. In him, we find the fully-developed spiritual man. In him, may be seen the elements of eternal life! In us, may be discovered ' the pearl of great price,'—eternal life—covered up with much earthly quartz; and the soul's dissatisfaction will search out the gem, and then, when found, will we sell all the quartz of an earthly life, and buy the new field of life, that alone contains our redemption ! H. B., Watervliet, N. Y.