Salutatory To the Public:—Knowing it to be duty, to do all the good we can to our fellow travelers on the journey of life, withholding the knowledge of no good thing—impressed with the conviction, that there lies within our power the possibility of doing more good than heretofore; and being urged continually, by friends of reform, to communicate to the world of mind our ideas of life and happiness as viewed from the Shaker platform, are the reasons for our taking the bold step of appearing before you, as solicitors of your attention to the columns of The Shaker. Claiming no distinction on the grounds of erudition, but, bowing beneath the rebuke of learned criticisms, we mean to tell you from our humble position, where, in our understanding, lies 'the pearl of great price,'—Christ, or the kingdom of heaven on earth; thus explaining the peculiar testimony and life of the people, called Shakers. The policy of The Shaker will be, to treat of a more excellent way of life, than is the ordinary practice of the multitudes. It will be devoted to the cause of religious truths ; devoid of speculative theories of a theological nature. It will aim to illustrate life, in accordance with God's pleasure; and in conformity with the operation of that 'quickening spirit,' that resurrects souls above the plane of earthly selfishness, where the spirit of mine is cast out, and the Pentecostal system of community of goods is in full exercise. It will be the aim of The Shaker to keep before the public mind the necessary distinction between life on the earthly plane, however proper, and the heavenly, or angelic life, however humble. It will not fail to contend that the celibacy of the Angel plane, is a necessary component of eternal life, and practiced with propriety on the earth, by those who love to think of its reality in the heavens; while admitting the propriety of marriage and procreation by those who have not risen sufficiently in love with the Christ life. It will advocate peace ; deprecating, and expressing disbelief in the necessity of wars, whether of households or of nations ¦—Christians never did, never can fight. The Shaker will ever meet correspondents, in its various communications upon ' Does Christianity admit of private property?' with a negative answer, from the most advanced reasons of a spiritual life. Its freedom from the arena of political parties will conserve the righteous idea of those whose name it bears. It will sketch, biographically, the founders and early communicants of the Society; and illustrate life, as it is enjoyed by the Society at present. The poetical sentiments of society will find an exponent in The Shaker; while 'Answers to Correspondents ' will receive due attention. It will advocate temperance in all things; and urge reformation and resurrection from the earthly, sensual life, to a life ' eternal in the heavens.' Friends of reformlovers of wisdom—servants of God—aid us; bless our efforts to do good. Extend the cause of Christ to the notice of your neighbors; and let us all seek to walk 'the way,' learn 'the truth' and live ' the life '—being imitators of the beautiful Jesus— Christ.