Christian Distinction—No. 2 Self-denial is one of the fundamental laws of growth for man on the primeval, or earthly plane of his existence. Not entire abstinence iom enjoyment, but such abnegation as shall ^reserve all his faculties inharmonious balance. There is a constant tendency in human nature ;o run to excess, so that one needs to keep a perpetual guard over himself. Sometimes he is attracted by the charms of sensual indulgence, and again by what he regards as the pure pleasures of intellectual gratification. He may have become so absorbed in intel- lectual gratification] he may have become so absorbed in intellectual pursuits, as to neglect bis physical and moral natures. It is no excuse that the pleasures of sense plead so powerfully for indulgence ; nor, that the more refined enjoyments of the intellect ask for an unrestricted field for action ; nor that the moral powers, under the delusive plea of serving God assert their supremacy; and their especial right to exclusive indulgence. Intoxication is the word to be applied to all this one-sided self-indulgence of whatever kind. There is no place for indulgence in God's service; every talent must be made to perform its proper and necessary part in the work of life. ' Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might.' 'Apply thy heart unto wisdom,' for, ' that the soul be without knowledge it is not good.' ' Keep thy heart with all diligence, for out of it are the issues of life.' These injunctions of Sacred Writ are binding on all men, under all circumstances, just so far as those circumstances allow of their observing them. Their observance is necessary, in order to keep us from running into excess of any kind, as well as to avoid the other extreme of evil—a barren soul. If dissipation, whether of the senses, of the mental faculties, or of the moral powers, is an essential injury to the individual, so are uncultivated, unfruitful faculties. Desolation and death are the results not only of excesses in the use of God's blessings, but of neglect to improve them. In contradistinction to all those whose lives are given to sensual indulgences and whose thoughts are engrossed with earthly things, the genuine Christian lives constantly under the influence and direction of the Divine Spirit, and hence his affections are placed upon heavenly things, rather than upon things of the earth. ' Our citizenship or community,' (according to the original,) 'is in the heavens. As individuals our names are enrolled with those of the city of God, the heavenly Jerusalem, and as a body, we are one with that community in the heavens; our life is the same as their life, our interest the same as theirs ; our loves, our aspirations, our efforts are all tending God-ward as well as theirs; hence, though living upon the earth, we are not of the earth, but really of the heavens. It is true, our present state is one of humiliation compared with what it shal! be, but we are looking for the Saviour who will change this state of things in due time, by the inward operations of his Spirit, so that we shal become, in all respects like his church in glory.' There is an interchange of expressions made by Jesus Christ and the apostles, hat is deserving our consideration. Jesus directed his disciples to pray: ' thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth, as it is in leaven.' Again he said, ' No doubt, the kingdom of God has come unto you,' and, 'the kingdom of heaven is within you.' The apostle Paul said to Christians: ' Ye are come to the City of God, the heavenly Jerusalem, to an innumerable company of angels, and the spirits of just men made perfect.' The coming of the kingdom of God to us, and our coming to the heavenly Jerusalem, then, are convertible expressions. There is implied, something more than being admitted at some indefinite time in the future to the privileges of citizenship in the heavenly state. The community of believers is already in the heavens, and the life of the heavenly world is theirs now. That being the case, their affections cannot be placed on things of the earth; hence the grief of the apostle on account of those who were sensual, instead of being spiritual; they had in reality severed their relation to Christ and his kingdom. Instead of being dead to sin, and alive to God, they were dead in sin; they had no communion with beings of the heavenly state; the angels of God did not associate with them as with familiar and congenial spirits, as they did with Jesus, the Apostles, and all who lived truly Christian lives. There is hardly anything in the Apostolic writings more evident than the fact of the intimate connection between the body of Christ on the earth, and his body or church in the heavenly world. They are represented as being risen with Christ, sitting together in heavenly places in Christ, and as having Christ formed within them the hope of glory. God's fullness, or complete spiritual possession, was said to be in Christ; the same term was applied to his Church. There was a oneness between him and them as between him and the Father. It is true, the church was expecting another manifestation of him, but it was only a manifestation differing in degree, and not in its essential nature. Christ had already come as a Saviour from sin; they were looking for him a second time, yet that was to be 'without sin unto salvation.' 'We know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him.' Salvation from sin, or from the tendency to transgress God's law of love, was the characteristic work of Christ's first manifestation ; a complete deliverance from the nature that is subject to trials, and liable to fall into sin, is the glorious and crowning work of the second. 'Ye were sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise, which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession.' It was, then, no unmeaning, or self-exalting language that the apostle addressed to the church at Philippi, when he exhorted them to be 'joint imitators ' of himself. For he, himself, followed Christ in his entire life. If Jesus suffered humiliation, so did he; if Jesus underwent severe trials, he partook of the same, being in weariness and painfulness often;' if Jesus labored incessantly for the welfare of others, Paul also showed that he was actuated by the same benevolent motives, by his abundant labors in 22 THE SHA.KEH. behalf of others. Jesus, for the joy that was set before him, endured the cross, despising the shame; Paul, also, forgetting the things that were behind, pressed toward the mark, for the prize of his high calling in Christ Jesus. 'Let as many of us as are perfect,' said he, ' be thus minded ; let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ.' The exhortation then, to follow himself, was most befitting. It would lead them from this state of humiliation to glory, an object worthy of their highest aspirations. By imitating Paul they would become united to him in spirit, as he was united to Christ, and as Christ was united to God and the whole heavenly host. Thus, they would be made partakers of the life of all—their love, their peace, their joy, and their exalted blessedness. Being imitators of him, they Avould be saved from the evils that were in the world through lust, would keep themselvs unspotted from sin, perfecting holiness in the fear of the Lord. The Spirit of Christ that was effectual to purify them from evil inclinations, was also efficacious to create and maintain in them all, pure af fections. They lived in harmony with each other, and the same power that wrought in them their kind feelings toward each other, also enabled them to conduct themselves honestly and peacefully towards those without their body. Hence, they avoided all occasions of dispute with others as far as pospible. And though they suffered persecutions, they bore all with the same equanimity that Jesus did under similar circumstances. There is no fact better substantiated by history, than that of the peaceable behaviour of the early Christians towards their most bitter opponents, and their refraining from wars and con- tests of every kind, even though they were carried on by those governments of which they were regarded as the subjects. The very genius of their religion required it; and the Divine Spirit of Christ wrought in them an aversion to wars, and enabled them to bear whatever persecutions might arise in consequence of their refusal to engage in them. It is true, the philosophy of their day as well as much of that of the present time, has ascribed their power of endurance amid the severest sufferings to the obstinacy and the sustaining power of fanaticism. That was to be expected from its entire ignorance of the sustaining power which the religion of Christ afforded to its faithful martyrs. If their citizenship was in the heavens, their life should be in accordance with that fact. As a matter of course then, they owed no allegiance to any government whose spirit was in direct contrast to that of which they were the accepted citizens. It was very natural that their enemies should ascribe their avowal of allegiance to Christ to obstinacy, superstition and fanaticism, yet that did not alter the facts in the case. The faithful adherents of Christ, claimed to know what they maintained with so much earnestness ; and their opportunities of knowing were certainly superior to those of their adversaries, whose bare assertions many have been disposed to regard as philosophic truth. The Church of Christ, then, in the apostles' day, was a community separated from the common practices of the world; from its wars and contentions of every sort; from its ambitions, its tyrannies, its slaveries, whether of body or soul; from its monarchies, its aristocracies, its democracies, or whatever form of worldly gevernment. It was also distinct from the very spirit and life of the world. It had renounced all sensuality, whether in the form of gluttony, of drunkenness or of licentious passion, and every thing that was contrary to divine purity and love ; and if any adhered to it who were not of this character they were such as excited the tears of the apostle for their lack of the genuine spirit of Christianity. It was a community sui generis—peculiar to itself, existing upon the earth amid its various governments, and yet having its citizenship in the heavenly world ; acknowledging Christ as its head, and his laws as the supreme rule of its life; whom they were expecting to make a second manifestation to themselves for the purpose of completing the work of salvation he had begun in them, and fitting them for an entrance into the society and blessedness of the church in eternal glory. The Church of Christ in the present day should be no less separated from those things which the apostolic church shunned, than they; and it would not be unreasonable to suppose, that, if possible, it should be more so, after the lapse of so many centuries. It should have greater power of the Divine Spirit to effect a greater work of salvation ; more intimate union and communion with the heavenly hosts, whose life of love, of peace and harmony, should pervade the entire body of the church on earth, animating every member to the completest activity and consecration of every faculty, physical, mental, and moral, to the sole work of Christ— that of establishing the kingdom of heaven everywhere upon the earth, and fitting it for its ultimate destination in the heavens. W. H. B., Groveland, N. Y.