To My Youth—No. 2 Without watchfulness and self-examination, you cannot progress a single inch—without self-examination you will stumble as you go every day; not only so, but you will be a stumbling block in the way of other souls. A lack of the gift of self-examination is the reason why young people need to be examined by others. They do things from an inward pressure of evil. Against this pressure a cross has to be borne. And that is the reason why Jesus taught hi3 disciples to bear a daily cross; and it is just the same with you to-day as it was with the young disciples in Christ's day. And when he warned his disciples to watch and pray, he, in the course of his labors, added another word—pray and faint not—do not give up to the enemy. One of the reasons why youth do not examine themselves, is, because they do not want to change. They want to remain the game kind of persons they have been—to follow their own natural way, and not God's way. Now that will never do—Jesus .and his followers changed—turned from their own ways— came not to do their wills. The youth who stands stiff in his own will is not in a fruitful condition. Another reason why youth do not like to examine themselves, is, they do not like to read the record of their own doings as written on their memory—do not like to look at themselves, because they have been yielding here and there, from the path of right, and so have been co-workers with Satan, and bo much under his power, as to be afraid to say to him, 'get thee behind me, Satan;' have not simplicity enough to tell themselves and their parents the truth, and so shame the Devil. In examining natural objects, men are not content with their ordinary vision ; they use helps—examine things microscopically, and are much pleased to have the microscope open up something they could not see with their naked eye. Now, how is it possible for any person to know himself, if he will not examine himself with his own eyes. Those who do, will have the help of other eyes, that see clearer and further than their own; in this way ' God helps those who help themselves.' But those who have eyes and see not, shall wander—stumble and fall in the dark—the darkness of their own will. It may be asked, how can the gift of selfexamination be gained and maintained ? The answer is, by continually exercising it on all you do, by night and by day. Persevere therein, till it becomes pleasant—becomes a delightful duty. Then you will know for yourself, experimentally, and truly, that 'Christ's yoke is easy, and his burden light.' I omit saying anything further on this interesting parable ; exercise your own mind upon it, and gather information from others on the subject. And when you get through with this parable—this beautiful casket, there are others equally beautiful. There is the casket of the Fig Tree; of a grain of Mustard Seed; of a little learen; of the Prodigal; of the unjust Steward; of the Beggar and the Rich Man; of the Man who thought too highly of himself; of the unjust Judge; of the Man who went into a far country; of the Man who planied a vineyard; of the Woman and the lost money; of the lost Sheep; of the Tares; of the Shepherd and the sheepfold; of the net and the Fishes, and the Casket of the Pearl of great Price. Every one of these caskets contains gems illustrative of the kingdom of heaven; where lust has no place—even the uncleanness of marriage is not permitted. Blessed are those who have a part in that kingdom, never to go out. I will now say a few words on the two-fold life in man. Jesus said, 'flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of heaven.' Now, all the animal creation are flesh and blood; and are brought forth through the action of the propensities; and we, in common with the lower animals, have the same kind of life, and the same propensities; therefore, that life can have no part in heaven. Intellect, in connection with our animal life, does not make it any better, nor change its nature. In addition to that life, we have another life—a life, that the word of God can quicken; but no mere animal can be so quickened. The Apostle said, 'Ye hath he quickened, who were dead in trespasses and in sins'—hath he quickened into a higher life, who were wont to live in the lusts of the flesh and of the mind. And again, 'if ye live after the flesh ye shall die; but if ye, through the spirit, do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live.' 'And as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God,' and no longer the sons of Adam. The testimony of the gospel which you hear from time to time, is the testimony of life to the inner man; and no soul can ever be quickened, except in obedience and subjection to it. You ma)' gather from these few words an understanding which life is acceptable to God, and from you to your Brethren and Sisters, and which life is not. Remembering at all times, that ye cannot serve two masters. Which will ye serve? Carnal, fleshly nature, or will you strive and pray that you may be quickened into a newness of life; and living the life of the Angels—maintain your virgin characters—that never need to change to be eternal in character ? D. Frazer