Light and Right Health. 'It may be both interesting and profitable to notice the views and habits of Swedenborg, in relation to physiology— laealth. ' Seership, as a general rule, is coincident with abstemiousness, which is the directest means of putting down the body, and (by the law of the balance) lifting up the soul; and, where seership is thus of itself, it leads to new demands from the soul, or new exigencies of temperance. We might instance the Hindoo seers, as examples of these remai'ks; or we might support them by numerous cases occurring in Europe, and even at the present time; not to mention that the germs of the experience are within every man's knowledge.' As the man depends so much upon the dinner, and the dinner upon the appetite and the self-control, it is advisable to know what was the diet of a man so industrious, peaceful, and deep-eyed as Swedenborg. The following is his account of his first baptism into the spiritual world : ' 1 was in London, and dined late at my usual quarters, where I had engaged a room, in which at pleasure to prosecute my studies in natural philosophy. I was hungry, and ate with great appetite. Towards the end of the meal, I remarked that a kind of mist spread before my eyes, and I saw the floor of my room covered with hideous reptiles, such as serpents, toads, and the like. I was astonished, having all my wits about me, and being perfectly conscious. The darkness attained its height, and then passed away. I now saw a man sitting in a corner of the chamber. As I had thought myself entirely alone, I was greatly frightened, when he said to me, ' Eat not so much.' My sight again became dim; but, when I recovered it, I found myself alone in my room. I went home, and the following night the same man appeared to me again. This time I was not at all alarmed. The man said, ' I am God, the Lord, the Creator and Redeemer of the world. I have chosen thee to unfold to men the spiritual sense of the Holy Scriptures. I will myself dictate to thee what thou shalt write.' The same night, the world of spirits—hell and heaven—was convincingly opened to me, where I found many of my acquaintance, of all conditions.' Again, he says: 'In the middle of the day, at dinner, I heard an angel saying that I should not indulge the belly too much at table ; and there clearly appeared to me, as it were, a vapor exuding from the pores of my body like a mist, extremely visible, which fell towards the earth where the carpet was, upon which the vapor, being collected, was changed into various little worms under the table, which burnt, or flashed off, in a moment, with a noise or sound. Seeing a fiery light in this vapor, and hearing a sound, I thought that thus all the worms that could be generated from an immoderate appetite, were ejected from my body, and thus burnt, and that I was then purified from them.' From this time his diet became a constant harmony and preparation of his eership. Sandel says, 'He was never ill; lie always enjoyed most excellent health; having scarcely ever experienced the slightest indisposition, except when in states of temptation. Health is the ground which great persons cultivate, whereby they exchange the light flying hours into golden usage. To them it is industry represented in its power,—the human riches of time. The minute-glass runs sand of centuries, when great ideas are in healthful moments. So it was with Swe- denborg. The powers of his mind were matched with extraordinay strength of body. Health, in its whole sense, is happiness. His life, in all respects, was one of the happiest that ever fell to the lot of man. He says, 'I have had joys and happiness such as no other man, I suppose, has felt in the universal world; and these both were more and more exquisite than any mortal can imagine or believe.' ' His biographer says, ' It appears that he abstained from animal food from dietetic considerations. At the same time. there dwelt in his mind a vegetarian tendency, pointing towards the future, or at least, what is the same thing, crying out. from the past. He writes on the subject* in his 'Arcana,'as follows: 'Considered apart, eating the flesh of animals is somewhat profane. The most ancient people never, on any account, eat the flesh of either beast or fowl; but lived entirely upon grain, especially on wheaten bread, on fruits, vegetables, and herbs, and various kinds of milk, butter, etc. It was unlawful for them to kill animals, or to eat their flesh. They looked upon it as bestial, and were content with the uses and services that animals afforded them. But, in process of time, when men became as cruel as wild beasts, yea, much more cruel, they began to slay animals, and ate their flesh ; and, in consideration of this nature in man, the killing and eating of animals were permitted, and continue to be so.' ' God. His first spiritual command of ' Eat not so much,' was placed over the portals of his study. His childish supposition, that God had appeared to him in person, was THE SHAKER. 39 owing to the gross physical condition of his body, the consequent dullness of his faculties, and his low spiritual state, at that early period of his experience,—a fallacy common to the seers and prophets of all ages, from Adam to Moses; from Moses to the modern spiritual mediums; and from those mediums to the instruments in the early Shaker spiritual manifestations. Subsequently, Swedenborg, like his brother, John the Revelator. became disabused, and declared that ' God cannot be seen in person by mortals on earth, or in the heavens.' He says, 14 there were angels who were sent to men, and who also spoke by the Prophets; but what they spoke was not from the angels, but by them; for their state then was such, that they knew no otherwise than that they were Jehovah. But, when they had done speaking, they presently returned to their former state, and spoke as from themselves.' This is a true principle; and no human being, Jesus not excepted, has ever seen Deity. Swedenborg further says, ' The Patriarchal Prophets, Psalmists, and Evangelists, are not holy men ; they are not even venerable, for the most part; but the voice of sacred history itself generally assails them: their names are unknown in heaven. There are no saints with earthly names; but only sinners, scarlet more or less. God's is all the glory. Abraham, Moses, David, John, are plain mortals, like ourselves, entitled to no great consideration, when their office is laid aside, and their divine insignia put off. The men after • God's own heart' are only so for a time and a mission. Every one is after God's own heart for the functions that he does best; holiness is not involved. The 1 chosen people of God,' were the worst of people: for redemption begins at the bottom.' FRAGMENTARY IDEAS. Stability of the solar system.—' Though the solar system is liable to certain mutations, in the form and eccentricity of its orbits, of very long periods; yet its orbits return again exactly to what they originally were, oscillating between very narrow limits.' 'At once, by a single effort of his genius, worlds innumerable, in congregated spheres, were beheld in harmonious operation, without end or limit. The boundaries of the Universe, so to speak, became to man at once illimitable; and the scattering goodness of the Divine hand, strewing mercies and blessings amongst unnumbered worlds hitherto unseen and unknown, and unconjectured, was a scene worthy of the Almighty.' ' The most glorious and magnificent region in the material Universe,—the heaven of heavens,—formed, as Swedenborg expresses it, of innumerable heavens in congregated spheres beyond or outside our own, was displayed, first to the intellectual, and subsequently to the ocular vision, when one universal blaze of glory burst forth on an astonished world, who beheld the Almighty traversing the in- numerable spheres with the same flowing richness, beauty, and care, as is so conspicuous on this atom of a world upon which we dwell.' Thus, witnesses for the day, were Swedenborg and his followers, the Spiritualists. For long ages, the human race had been religiously impressed, but their rational faculties had been 'held in durance vile.' Man hungered after knowledge which 'State and Church' had withheld, by taking away the key of science, and substituting therefor, the senseless dogmas of superstition. Light broke upon the religious world through Swedenborg. Right began to be established in the religious world through Mother Ann. In due time, these are now being conjoined together, and they are building up, or as Swedenborg expressed it, are ' forming the new Heaven '—the New Church— that will not lust after tin adulterous union with the State—the New Earth—nor seek to put together what. God hath put asunder. Septimus