Prayer Most prominent among all the subjects engrossing the minds of professing Christians is that of prayer. What is it? Whence its origin? What the benefits to be derived from it ? Prayer has been defined as the heart's sincere desire, uttered, or unexpressed; the motion of a hidden fire that burns within the breast. Jesus advised, for prayer, to enter into the closet, and shut the door; and one of his disciples said: ' Pray without ceasing.' If these injunctions were literally obeyed, the closet would be our abiding place, and prayer our constant employ; in which case, somebody would soon be hungry, with nothing in the larder to appease that hunger. But, if prayer be the heart's sincere desire, we may prajconstantly and work perpetually; for it is action, at last, that gives vitality to our desires. The grocer who called out to his clerk to sand the sugar and water the vinegar, and come up to prayers, might make money, and use words, but could hardly be said to pray, within the meaning of either Jesus or his disciple. The hosts of professing Christians who enter their synagogues, or places of worship for prayer, enrobed in gorgeous apparel of silks and satins, to pour forth in studied language a form of words, grammatical and rhetorical, agreeing with the gold, diamonds and rubies that adorn their persons, occupying the first seats, have their prayers hindered by the strong contrast presented by the rear ranks of the same congregation—the soiled and threadbare vestments, the haggard and toilworn countenances of the widow and fatherless, who are suffering for the common necessaries of life! Should the spirit of God give form to the prayers uttered, and render it into actions, this unchristian inequality would end in brothers and sisters loving each other as themselves; if prayer is desire, if what we desire, we will; and what we will, we do. If by the closet, the Saviour meant the heart; and by the door, the mouth, heart-felt silent prayer would be the result; then we should enter our hearts, and shut our mouths. If we pray, 'Our Father and Mother, God, who art in Heaven, thy Kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is done in Heaven,' how great the thought! how often it is lightly considered and conveniently passed over. Query upon query crowds upon the mind : Are there ' in Heaven ' manufactories of firearms and all the implements and horrid machinery of war, demonism incarnate ? Are there arsenals, wherein to store them? Do they manufacture powder ? and have they magazines for the storage of the same ? Have they military academies 'in heaven,' where all the latest and most improved styles, plans and tactics of popular murder are taught ? Are there colleges for a privileged few to be educated and fitly prepared as hireling priests to bear the testimony of Jesus, enjoining his disciples to love each other, and to lives of virgin purity and spotless innocence as was his own ? Do they have distilleries there, to produce ' the ardent' with all its varied ' compounds ?' Is there smoking in heaven, among the saints, and angels, seraphs, and spirits of just men and women made perfect? Do the shining hosts worship and chew, expectorate and sing psalms together ? Do they raise the filthy swine, free-soilers, to roam at large and root up the golden pavements, or to spoil the rich verdure of those 'pastures ever green,' that the saints may be enriched by the sale of their dead carcasses ? It is said that they neither marry nor are given in marriage in heaven, and that the rich do not there oppress the poor! This may be called an external view of heaven; but what, or where is the external, that has not its origin with the internal? The pharisee said: 'Go, and be thou clothed, fed, and comforted;' but that prayer did not exist in his heart; neither did it manifest itself in any outward act. Again, we are enjoined to pray: ' Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us.' How is this prayer practically carried out in this our Christian (?) country ? Is there not far more of the eye for an eye, and tooth for a tooth system exercised, than that of turning the other cheek when one is smitten; or, of rendering good for evil in our every day practice—which ? Recurring to the invocation, ' When thou prayest,' etc., we may remark, that every person, having had experience as a Christian, knows that there are ' times and seasons' when the soul feels especially drawn out in prayer—when terrestrial things become matters insignificant, and unworthy of a place in the heart's affections—when, lost to things of time, the troubled soul finds rest in prayer, and that solace which thoughts of God alone can give. Sweet and precious are those bliss- ful seasons, when in the closet of the heart we can breathe forth the gushings of a sorrow- stricken spirit. And very pleasant are the seasons set apart for our assembling together in prayer, blending and commingling our spirits in our united capacities. How comforting then, to be baptized by the divine unction, and to have our united body magnetized, so to speak, by the electric current as it flows from the divine fountain, and unites us soul to soul. father, Mother—God—grant us more of this blessed spirit—the power and essence of prayer—that we may know and do thy holy will as it is done in Heaven ! E. E. F., Wt, 0.