'Running the World Out.' Shakers — Salt. The two most stereotyped objections to the rationality and perpetuity of the Shaker Order are, First: That if celibacy be a normal principle, all people are under obligations to adopt it; that if it be right for one, for a thousand, it is right for ten thousand, for everybody. Second: That if mankind should hereafter, at any time, so adopt it, the world would run out—the human race would cease to be upon this earth. The foundations, very extensively laid in the theological education of religious people in Christendom, upon which rest these' objections to a religious celibate life, are the subjoined ideas:— First: That, in the spirit world, there are but two receptacles of the souls of all earth's inhabitants—one heaven, and one hell, the antithesis of each other. That there is no evil in heaven, nor in those who, as soon as they are out of the body, go there. That there is no good in hell, nor in any one who (after they cease to breathe the earth's atmosphere) enters it. Second: Not the solid facts of human experience, which constitute character, will determine to which of these two extreme places the disembodied soul will go ; but the belief, or disbelief, of some abstract dogma, having in itself no in- trinsic good nor evil, and of no practical use nor consequence to either the individual or the race. Third: Of the six hundred (more or less) sects in Christendom, each one supposes itself to be the one true way to tieaven; and supposes that all who die outside of its pale will go to the other location. Practically, they are all one way. In dogmas they differ; in works, which go to the formation of character, they are one; and, after death, they will all go to 'one place'—Hades, the place of departed spirits—the first spirit world; and will from thence descend, or rise, according as their works have been, without any reference to their theology, until they find their proper heaven, or hell. There is one thing in which these theological sects are all agreed,—'the works of the flesh,'—the practice of generation, and its inevitable concomitants, or fruits— marriage, selfish property, war, creating rich and poor, bond and free, on the basis of ' male and female ; ' living to eat and drink those things which afford the most present satisfaction, or gratification, at the expense of future sickness and disease; then employing a class of men to cure them of their sicknesses and diseases, by the use of poisons, as the great cure-all, which induce premature death, and pass them into their heaven or hell in the spirit world. Contemplating ShaJcerism, all these unite and say, if celibacy is right, marriage is wrong, and, the Shakers excepted, all will go into hell, and be eternally lost. Jesus said to his disciples, ' Ye are the salt of the earth,' to preserve it from decomposition—putrefaction—and ye bear the same proportion to the mass of mankind, that salt does to the bulk of the earth, or that salt does to the quantity of meat to which it is applied as a preserver. 'There be few that be saved' while in the physical body, and living upon the earth. But those few will be the Saviours of all who live and die in generation, after they have passed through the gates of death into the land of souls. Thus, as 'a little leaven leaveneth the whole lump,' and maketh it all into leaven; so is it the tendency of salt to make whatever it is applied to ' taste like itself'—like salt. And thus, all who become Christians actually—Shakers—on earth, are the first-fruits of what the whole mass of mankind may hereafter become in the spirit worlds; as those who are themselves saved from the lust of generation, the lust of eating and drinking, the lusts of dress and equipage, and the lusts of the mind, in this stage of being, will have to help other souls up to the same plane of existence in the eternal spheres of spirit life. Jesus was eminently a man of principles and not of persons. He would not alternately love and hate the same man or woman, according as they changed their spirit and character, but would hate the corrupted character and spirit. And, when it is shown, from historical data, that the system of spiritual ethics promulgated by him was rather the result of the 'progression of primates ' (as Professor Mapes would phrase it), than a new product of his own individuality; and that Buddha, Confucius, Zoroaster, and Moses, the world's Avatars, had each, in their day and generation, built up a compara- tively perfect system of moral precepts and religious maxims, illustrated by their own lives, which were the exponents of the same eternal principles of truth that Jesus taught and practiced; and as the primrose by the hedge-side can, by judicious culture for successive germinations, be progressed to a double-flowering moss-rose, not easily propagated, so the Shaker Order, being the second appearing of Christ to and in humanity, in its entirety of male and female, is where, for a hundred years, the sexes have lived together as celibates, in a spiritual relation, without faltering or deviation {Dixon's 'Spiritual wives,' and Noyes's Community, or 'Complex Marriage,' to the contrary notwithstanding), as brethren and sisters, just as they expect to live to all eternity; this being eternal life. Of itself alone, salt would make a poor meal for a hungry man or woman; or poor soil in which to grow vegetables. But, applied agriculturally to the soil, or mixed in proportions with other substances, it is invaluable and indispensable. 'I came not,' said Jesus, 'to bring peace on the earth,' to its generative family relations; 'but to set a man against his father, a daughter against her mother;' and to make a man's foes, his generative lusts, and their products, to be 4:2 THE SHAKER. those of his own houshold, when called into the Christ Order and converted; just as salt is set against meat that is on the highway to decomposition. By reason of 'the corruption that is in the world through lust,' the earth, in its proper family relations, is fast passing away, is being burnt up by its own internal fires; and society, to-day, is being threatened with general disintegration, which nothing but an increased and more extended application of Skakerism—the Christ Spirit and principles—can avert! No less potent causes can arrest the downward tendency caused by so many seeking pleasure in unrighteousness, through the highest functions of individual and society life—nutrition and reproduction. The end has come, and 'the earth, and the works that are therein, will be burnt up,' either by the spiritual fires that Jesus kindled eighteen hundred years ago, or by the fires of its own unsubdued passions. So that it is only a question of high-life foeticide, low-life infanticide, or Christian celibacy. A female Saviour—Ann Lee—arises, who makes use, not pleasure—right; not expediency—principle ; sensuous enjoyment, not the object of human existence; seeking, with all the powers of her being, the wealth of others (the Community), not her own; such only are Avatars—Saviours. They are salt, with which to save themselves, and to preserve and protect all upon whom they act, by influence, primarily or approximately. Their followers are the ' Ye ' who 'are the salt of the earth.' ' But, if the salt have lost its savor, wherewith shall it be salted?' Sure enough! If any one turn to the 'weak, beggarly elements,' and so become earth, and not salt, such is good for nothing, but to be returned to the earth as manure, to stimulate the growth of earthly plants. Seceding Shakers perform this use They are preachers to the world, like its own priests, knowing more than they practice, and are to be regathered into the fold at some future day. There is an obtuseness in the public mind upon the subjects of this article which cannot be accounted for, except on the principle that ' the flesh lustetl against the Spiritual Order, even as the Spirit of Christ warreth against the sin of the world, and seeketh to burn them up, and thus save souls therefrom; even as physical fire consumeth matter that i more gross than itself. St. Augustine said, 'Marriage people the earth; Celibacy replenisheth th heavens.' Were all females to be mar ried, and each one to bear six children the earth would soon be overpopulated and were all females to become celibates, lie earth would soon be depopulated. If lai'riage were appropriated to its proper use only—the begetting and rearing of ffspring—celibacy would still be neeesary to check population, and to raise up eed of the Resurrection heavens—a class of Jesuses and Anns, to minister the eternal Order of the Resurrection, or Christ leavens to souls after they pass over the iver, into the land where there are no pomegranates nor figs, and where they will ay, 'There is no bread here; nor is here any water ; and our souls loath this ight bread. 0, that there were a physical resurrection of our material bodies; ind that we were back again on the earth, where we could have our long-accustomed, stimulating indulgences, and not forever suffer this hungering and thirsting after earthly things in this Hades, the valley of the shadow of death to all our earthly enjoyments.' Let the new heaven arise, that it may create and regulate a new earth—a new life! F. W. E.