Salvation We all want Salvation; but differ in opinion what shall be saved in us, and who shall do the work. The most generally accepted idea of Salvation, is something to be effected here- after, by the imputed righteousness of one who was murdered by the Jews for the purpose j for which the Jews are hated and Jesus very much worshiped. This idea does not require us to cease the practice of sin, but to believe that Jesus 'paid it all.' We are arrested by conviction of wrong-doing; under this education, we plead for salvation, no1 from the act of stealing horses, but from the penalty deservedly our due; and just so, the next time we steal a horse. Popular Christianity ttaches, that of ourselves we can do nothing; that we must rely on the death of a certain body, not on his life and example We claim, that Jesus never taught such doctrines, has no fellowship with those who believe them, unless he feels the fellowship of pity. We have a noble example of our dutj as students, accepting Christ: 'Lord, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?' 'Keep the Commandments.' 'These / have kept.' 'Then if thou wouldst be perfect, do as ] have done.' ' But Lord, these are not wha I want to do; nor the practices I want to be saved from; excuse me!' Thus we have in the life of Jesus, an example; and in his teachings what we must do, and not do, to be saved. What would be the effect, if the mora code were enforced xipon all professing salva tion through the merits of Jesus ? Verily, w believe they would be better exponents o Christian principles than now; and enjoy more salvation from the crying evils of th day, than millions of centuries will save them from, while believing that Jesus has taken medicine that will save them from sin, or th punishment of sin. Jesus teaches that th )oon of salvation is obtained by patterning lis self-denial, and by ' Go, and sin no more !' • Those who do the will of my Father, the ame shall be saved.' ' Not every one that aith, ' Lord, Lord;' but those who do somehing,—my Father's will.' Give me a religion that has the power of alvation in it; that is not made up of forms, creeds nor ceremonies, but has in it vitality ;hat yields present salvation. Give me a religion that yields life—eternal ife; not a hypocritical cloak under which I can hide, on the first day of the week, the evil iransactions of the previous six! Give me a •eligion that is the power of God unto salva- ,ion now ; that purifies, elevates, ennobles; that akes cognizance of outward acts; of inward ,houghts; not only at stated periods, but pervades the whole being, from Sabbath to Sabjath; all the weeks of the year; all the years of a life ! And thus is summed up the call of ;he Spirit on every one who 'names the name of Christ' or would live a Shaker life. H. C, Enfield, N. H.