Plain Talks—No, 3 Evading the Cross. As Christian people, we should be as far from acting falsehoods, as believing them. As followers of the Christ Spirit, we should not be guided so readily by the interpretations of apostolic teachings, as by the lives of Jesus, and those true Apostles, who lived as did their master. Life is the exponent of an individual's creed, no matter what peculiarity is noticeable in his prayer. The world at large hate selfdenial; they know that Jesus practiced this exceedingly; therefore the teachings of the Apostles are studiously canvassed, not to evidence the necessity of a full cross, but how individuals may shun the cross, and yet maintain their Christian fellowship ! It is noticeable to every reader of Scripture, that the popular Christianity of to-day will bear little or no comparison to the life of Jesus; that there is no unchristian practice, but finds its apologists in some of the popular pulpits. First, look at marriage : a sacred institution, so-called; but what a breach it immediately causes, between the life of the goodly exem- plar, and him who professes loyalty, but who departs thus from Christian practice. How can Christians follow, where Jesus did not go ? Had Jesus married a wife, reared up a family, gained to himself a property, and maintained these at the expense of his neighbors, then would the popular Christians of to-day be his genuine followers ! Take war: where was there a popular pulpit, but took sides with the combatants in our late war, and justified it, on one side or the other; yet where, in our Exemplar's life, did they get their authority? Had Jesus been a warrior; had he led hosts on to battle and been successful as a wholesale butcher of humanity, then no fault could be found with popular Christians, nor their pastors, for following these in the life of Jesus. But who can wonder that lust is rampant; that war is respectable; that private property is endeared, when the people, generally, eager to evade the crucifixion of their unchristian loves, will spend millions of dollars in educating ministers to interpret to them what Scripture does not mean ? to hide the beautiful, self-denying life of Christ behind an ambush of unmeaning words, and secure to them the license of living the very reverse of him whose honorable name they prostitute ? The light of the Spirit is making these things plain to the hitherto hoodwinked and blindly led, but would-be honest followers; and this light will increase until he who dares preach any evasion of the cross that Jesus practiced, will blush all over at his hypocrisy, and sleeplessly lament his heaven-daring attitude. We honor the Romans for demanding of their teachers, that they shall represent one prominent feature of our Lord's life—Virginity ; while we claim that no cross that Jesus applied to himself, can be evaded by clergy or laity without a denial of the profession of Christianity. 'Follow me,' said Jesus. We bear witness to the progress of the age. Once, and not many years ago, we would have been as our spiritual relatives were, imprisoned, impaled, crucified and burned, for utterances not so plain, yet only as true. *