Thoughts on True Love ' In Christ are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge.' Col. 2:3. Jesus, who was baptized with the Christ Spirit, was our Exemplar. He ministered to his disciples True Love. He taught them how to love and what to love, and what not to love. He said, ' Love your enemies. If ye love them which love you, what thank have ye?' Worldly lovers—those who do not profess the Christian name—can love when their love is reciprocated; this is Policy. But to love our enemies, those who would return cursing for blessing, and learn to pray for those who would thus use us—this is Principle. The one is natural, the other spiritual—the world versus Christianity. The principle of selfdenial runs through all the teachings of Jesus; and the love which worketh no ill to neighbor, friend, or foe, whatever provocation may be given, will fulfill the whole Gospel law; it will cause its possessor to depart from the iniquity of loving falsely, for the sake of emolument, or pleasure, as well as for all unrighteous doings. If our love is centered in God, then we have a basis to rest upon. True love is self-sustained; it is free from guile, and is not mixed with fear, lest some adverse wind or storm should arise that would sweep away its foundation; but perfect love is devoid of fear. 'We can trust it, for it is unselfish; it is not precarious nor circumstantial, like the perverted passion called love. If we are well grounded in the principle of love, we shall never be distressed nor unhappy because we think our friends grow cold-hearted towards us; but, if we feel the tide of love ebbing, then it is well for us to examine our characters, and see if we cannot make ourselves more attractive and lovely, by being more virtuous, striving more to have the image of Christ formed in us. For, if we become his true sons and daughters, he will open his treasures unto us; we may draw therefrom; and the same virtuous principles which made him the chief object of beauty and loveliness among ten thousand, if practiced by us, will produce the same beauty in us. Notwithstanding we are admonished to 'love our enemies, to bless and curse not,' we must not love indiscriminately. We are as expressly commanded to hate, as to love. But we should learn to both love and hate understandingly, and from a good conscience; to love whatever is virtuous, that is healthy for soul and body. Sin is hateful in the sight of God, because it deforms the soul, and destroys its noblest faculties; leads it away from truth, from God, its home. He is the Source, and should be the center of all souls. We should never love nor hate from momentary impulse. Charity should ever be the handmaid of love. If we would judge righteously of others, we must take into consideration conditions of birth, fortune, education. We cannot justly measure all by one rule; the same degree of abstract truth, if applied to some persons, would blight and destroy; while to others, who are prepared by previous culture and growth, it would be a great blessing. Charity would teach us to be gentle to others; not to magnify faults in them, by evil thinking nor speaking; but to be more lenient to the faults of others, than to our own. And if a brother or sister errs, according to our conceptions of right, if we possess true love, guided by charity, we will, in many cases, see that the cause of their failure is the result of false educations, which they had not yet outgrown, rather than willful neglect. Then, how much better to take them kindly by the hand and lift them up into more progressed conditions; show them by example and word, a more ex| cellent way, than to denounce and say, ' stand off; I am more holy than thou ! ' 'Love is the fulfilling of the law.' ' Whatsoever we I sow we shall reap.' If we sow Love, Peace and Charity, we will thereby increase our capacity to love, by enlarging the sphere of our affections ; and as we love better, ourselves become objects more worthy to be loved, and thus we shall attract the good and the pure unto us, and from them reap the desired i harvest. Enfield, Conn.