Fair Dealing ' Render, therefore, to all their dues.'—Paul. Selfishness is a strongly marked trait of human nature. It not only appropriates whatever it can grasp, but refuses to others that which justly belongs to them. Personal freedom seems to it a good, but it is not content with its own; it must deprive as many as possible of their liberties, merely for its own gratification. Wealth it esteems a desirable thing, but far more desirable when it makes the strongest possible contrast with poverty. Honor is an inestimable advantage, but only that sort which inflates its possessor to extraordinary dimensions. Honor that may be possessed equally by all men is to it an absurdity. The degradation of others, the poverty of others, the tears of anguish caused by selfishness, it regards not, only as it may gain some advantage from them. It assumes numerous forms, and decks itself with a variety of costumes, all of which are extremely gratifying to it. In the light of Christ's teaching, what is patriotism, but selfishness under the guise of a principle ennobling human nature ? As often expressed, it is mere diabolism. ' Our country, our wrhole country, and nothing but our country.' Our country, whether right or wrong—still, 'our country.' There is no need of arguing that such expressions are contrary to the precepts of Jesus—all will admit it; but is it not true that these express the real spirit of patriotism ? This will be denied by many who advocate an honorable love of country, and claim nothing for the land of their own birth but wrhat they are walling to concede to others. It may be asked, then, where is their patriotism ? They claim for all equal advantages of whatever kind. Has not their patriotism, then, enlarged itself to the love of general humanity ? When the individual ceases to regard his own pleasures, his own liberties, his own welfare as objects to be sought for, regardless of the rights and interests of others, he loses the character of a selfish person, and has acquired that of general benevolence. Patriotism, when it has passed beyond the bounds of Fatherland, and takes the wide world in its embrace, has lost its distinctive character, and may as well abandon its name. But there are many who find it difficult to see any good beyond the narrowr limits of their own country, or even the particular portion of it in which they were born. Hence arise national and sectional prejudices, the fruitful source of wars. This narrow spirit exhibits itself not only in the national divisions among men, but also in their religious parties. Indeed, it is as strongly intrenched within the walls of the various religious bodies, as anywhere else. These walls its eyes cannot pierce, and it will not renture high enough to look over them, or it might behold without, beautiful landscapes of hill and dale, field and forest, and fertilizing streams, equally attractive with anything it can see within. This spirit is invariably strengthened by sectarian organization. Let it be once embodied, and it gains the magnetic force of the whole body. Organization is understood to be the marshalling of force in battle array ; the building of fortresses on inaccessible heights, not only for defense, but for sallying out on favorable occasions against the enemy. Probably one reason why the Spiritualists have persistently refused to organize into one body, is the fear of shutting in among themselves just such narrow prejudices as they see in the various religious organizations, and thereby perpetuating them. And yet it may be a question whether they have avoided these prejudices altogether by refusing to organize. Would that which does not already exist be included in the body, or would organization create it ? They claim to believe in a God of love, just as Jesus Christ did, yet many of them wish it distinctly understood that they have discarded the Christian name. They believe in immortality, as he did, yet say they are not Christians; they admit the fact of intercourse between beings in and out of the body, just as Jesus did, yet they are not Christians. They claim to have enlarged views of Deity; to believe in the ultimate welfare of every individual of the human family; yet the same views have been held for the past century by Unitarians and Universalists—Christian bodies. They take their name from the fact of their having positive evidence of the existence of the human spirit after the death of the body, and of constant intercourse between the dwellers in the spirit world, and those who still have their residence upon the earth. The same has been maintained |from the beginning by Shakers, who accept the name of Christian because originally it signified a believer in God as infinite love ; in immortality, or the unending existence of all human beings ; in eternal life, or the life of God in the soul of man, as the privilege of all who will seek it; and in holiness, as the only means by which eternal life is gained. If Spiritualists can gain it otherwise, then may they with propriety say they are not Christians; if not, is it exactly fair to discard the name, because under it the worst errors and the basest lives have been cloaked ? Would it not be just as consistent to refuse the boon of life altogether because every blessing which God has bestowed upon man has been perverted ? But Jesus Christ, it has been said, has taught nothing better than other sages, who preceded him by centuries, have taught, and there is no propriety in adopting his name to the exclusion of others; it is. therefore, better to reject them all. Nature's God reveals himself impartially to all, and has not given his truth to the exclusive care of any one. That is so, and yet these truths exist in different persons in vastly different degrees. The life of God in Christ was manifested in a degree superior to that which was in those who preceded him, as his spirit and life evinced ; and such as follow him, in wholly discarding the narrow, selfish life, as he did, attain to the same degree of the divine life that he did. ' All things are theirs.' It is true, the God of impartial love reveals himself to all; it is, then, right to acknowledge him in all. Not in error, nor in vice, which we are all free to combat, but in man as man; in whatever virtuous principle we can discover, whether in the individual or any collection of persons. If all would havemore regard for these, and less for those things which offend their tastes, or, more properly, their prejudices, TH E SH^KEH. 71 there would be fewer wars among the nations, less strife and bitterness among the religious sects, and, in a time not far distant, a degree of harmonious action among all classes that would effect the happiest results. Our ignorance of each other is the cause of many, if not the most of our disputes. Selfish surmisings bring about distrust and enmities. We dare not look each other in the face, hence we cherish respecting each other mere fancies —monsters, in place of the men and women that actually surround us. What though this large body and that, bearing the Christian name, ' have caused it to be blasphemed,' by reason of their violation of the laws of the Divine Master; they have nevertheless done much to benefit the world, and individuals among them all have been noble examples of every virtue. There are multitudes who have never borne this name, to whom it has not been significant of any special excellence, yet they have blessed the world in many ways. Let us exalt what- ever is good, and cease to dwell on the evil, and then shall we more easily ' overcome the evil with the good;' and whatever excellence any of us may have that others have not, will be the more readily acknowledged and accepted. Wm. H. Bussell