Publications, previous to 'The Shaker,'... Publications, previous to ' The Shaker,' issued by Believers concerning their doctrines, Avere issued too soon for the appreciation of the world, and may now be laid aside as historical. Something fresh, like new discourses, from the fountain, is always the more palatable. A great many of our fellow beings are now no doubt looking and wishing for something new and higher than the old standard of theology. I have been astonished (particularly in the time of the war) to hear of individuals who had never seen nor heard of the Shakers. So for the sake of sincere souls we are glad to believe ' The Shaker ' is in season. The information respecting the Shakers in this quar THE SHAKER* ter (Ky.) has mostly been founded on slanderous reports. Light hath need to Come out of the East. May not the Eastern world be properly called masculine ? The theory or germ of all arts, sciences, politics, governments and religions that have issued therefrom, never seem to fully develop until they reach the American (or more justly the Columbian) soil. She (America) will take all theories through the ordeal of righteousness, and if not approved, will by her be corrected, modified or expelled from the natal sphere; so that persecution, the engine of extreme intolerance, never can find an abiding foothold on her soil ' while the world stands.' The fond dreamers of monarchy, aristocracy, slavery, and of vicarious atonement, fore-ordination, election and reprobation, without regard to works; Christians living in sin, and believing in a physical resurrection, are already .disturbed and uneasy in their slumbers by the sound of the gospel trumpet. Think, too, of the foolish theory of being born and regenerated without the co-operation of a Mother ! It is apt to be the case when a child is ignorant of having a Mother, it cannot know much about its Father. All errors are shades or casts of ignorance, and ignorance abides in darkness—sin. Is not Shakerism the only doctrine on earth built on the Spirit, and draweth together and formeth a body ? If this is the case, will not all others divide, subdivide and scatter to the four winds, because of being built on the letter, not on the Spirit ? If the institution of Be- lievers had been thus started it would have gone down long ago. But being neither the planning of man nor woman, it has withstood much prejudice, opposition, persecution, pri- vation, fatigue, hunger and thirst, heat and cold, day and night, adversity and.prosperity. The work is of God, and the eulogy to Him belongs. The ' well done ' is due in glory to God. Man is but a worm of the dust. We believe that a new cycle and progressive step is rapidly approaching, and can welcome the dawn of a brighter day. John Barnett, Pleasant Hill, Ky.