HISTORICAL It will, no doubt, be interesting to many to know of some of the personal trials to which Mother Ann, and her immediate followers, were necessarily subjected. It becomes the faithful historian not to neglect a chapter like the present one. While the Shakers are somewhat noted for their well-loaded tables, choice viands, comfortable buildings, etc., it will do none of us harm to reflect upon the fortitude of those who, ' for their faith, endured all things V * In 1788, being the first year I lived at Watervliet, we were brought under great sufferings respecting our temporal concerns. As money was scarce, Believers in general were brought under sufferings; being inpoor circumstances, and Hot being allowed to run in debt, rendered the procuring of subsistence, for the early part of the season, very precarious. Our principal food was rice and milk; sometimes we wrent to the river to procure fish. Sturgeon, and a few other kinds of fish, were everything of meat kind we obtained fora number of months. We had but little and sometimes no bread, butter, nor cheese, but upon this simple fare we subsisted during the spring and summer. Our employments were principally planting, sowing grain, haymaking and harvesting. All our work was very laborious, and at the end of the season we looked more like skeletons than laboring men, being greatly depreciated in weight. We were so faint for some length of time, that, although we could work, we could not run the distance of twenty rods. Our breakfast consisted of a small bowl of porridge ; supper the same; dinner, a small bit of cake, about two-and-a-half inches square, which Aaron Wood cut up and gave to us; this we ate during the days of labor; on Sabbath we ate very little, if anything. One day, Joseph Preston, and another brother, went to the river to catch herring, and Joseph stated that he was so hungry, that he ate two raw fish as soon as they came out of the water! Many times, in the course of the summer, I thought that if I could only get to my mother's swill pail, I would have skimmed it immediately, and thereby appeased my hunger. We had but little house room, and, of course, had to lie upon the floor, having no convenience for lodging. Fifteen of us laid upon the floor in one room; some had one blanket to cover them, while others had none, and nought for a pillow but a handkerchief, or a chair turned down so as to recline upon its back. In this way we lodged during that season. When our crops began to ripen, and potatoes were eatable, wre began to live better, having a supply of milk to eat with our potatoes, boiled or roasted. The same year there was a famine ia the vicinity of Lake George, and large donations of flour, grain, beef and pork, with other necessaries of life, were sent* to the sufferers by the citizens of Albany; myself with others were hired to convey those donations to Crown Point. One day, when we had almost reached our destination, we stopped at a small hut in the woods to obtain a little refreshment. On arriving at the door, we found it was inhabited by a woman and three little children. Making known our business, she replied : ' I have not had a mouthful of bread, meat nor potatoes in my house for three months.' We asked her what she did subsist upon ? She replied: ' When the briar leaves began to grow in the spring, I boiled them and eat thera with milk, for we have one cow to support us; and this is the way that we have lived for three months past.' When we had finished our journey, and returned with the products of our labors, we bought grain and flour, which was the first of any consequence wre had been able to obtain during that season. The blessing of God began to smile upon us, and our labors yielded more plentifully than we had expected. We began to prosper in temporal things ; to increase in strength of body, and were more able to praise God for his goodness. Father Joseph Meacham would often exhort believers to bear sufferings with patience and fortitude, encouraging, that the time would come, if they were faithful and industrious, that they and their children, would have a plenty, .and some to give to those who were more needy. These wrords have been verified in a wonderful and striking manner. Jonathan Clark, Harvard