Oral Confession Why should I orally confess to man ? is the first and most important question the Christian Shaker is called to answer. On the underlying principles embodied in the right perform- ance of this work, depends the prosperity of the spirit's travel away from the entanglements of sin. As God himself is the breath of life in man, it is evident that all souls have latent within them the motive to begin their progress towards Him, and it becomes the first labor of the teacher of righteousness to inspire souls with the faith that they are the ones called, and promised forgiveness, and they shall have power given to rise in life if they will. ' Come unto me all ye weary and heavy laden, and I will give you rest.' Souls do not rise from a sinful state without a full knowledge of the effect of sin; the avenues of its approach; and a thorough sense of shame at the digression from the state of innocence implanted in their creation. This requires deep thought; conflicts terribly with the passionate element within, until this knowledge is obtained. This is the first, severest and most important phase of confession, without which any verbal statement is useless, liable to be dishonest and undertaken for mere hope of present absolution, yielding no victory. It is this spirit of close self-examination that has enabled thousands of noble witnesses in 70 THE SHAKER. the past and present to contend successfully with evil. To the discerning eye of faith, all the moral virtue, the Christianity and victory over wrong, is the sequence of confession, and without confession of sin there is no real faith in Christ. ' Confess your faults one to another,' indicates the work of the Primitive Christians; 'Now, go thy way and sin no more,' implies that sin had been confessed. Is the artless confession of the child to its mother, 'I stole the apple,' or, 'Father, I did tell a lie,' less binding on the maturer child, who, with greater experience and strength of spirit, should know and shun the evil before him ? If the humiliation is too great, at what price shall we be bought, and what of the fact, ' Except ye become as little children, ye shall in no wise enter the kingdom ? ' Man, being made in the image of God, and receiving a breath of His life, we hope to find in all grades of human development evidence of those laws which ultimately are to govern, and lead to happiness. To instance the invol- untary use of the direct statement of facts, as a medium of healing to the wounded spirit, how often do those who are weighed down with grief or guilt, the consequence of some misstep, seek a near friend to help them bear the trial of soul, and what so likely to soothe the mind with a feeling of forgiveness as this knowledge ? ' I have honestly appreciated my wrong, and confessed the fact, and God has promised to forgive ;' hereby realizing that ' If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.' There is a restraint put upon our desires, by suffering the consequences of violated law, as the sickness and pain inflicted by intemperance; but, does this restraint work a moral elevation above the reach of self-interest ? or, does the spirit's elevation commence where self-interest has finished its work ? We know there is a manner of confession only unto death, in which the carnal mind glories in its shame, or unfeelingly cries, 'Lord, thou knowest I am the chief of sinners,' and sins accordingly. We have also a faith, eternal as the spirit, in a confession unto life, whereby the soul can disrobe from every sinful element; the lusts of the world; its intemperance, ambitions and pride; its abuse of the beautiful, to corrupt it and bring it under bondage to self. This is the gospel that Jesus sent his disciples into all the world to teach; and in the goodness of God we rejoice that in this, our day, He has proclaimed the same testimony again, by the same spirit now making itself manifest in the followers of, or believers in, the mission of Ann Lee, who confess their sins; nor this alone, but do forsake them, thus engaging in the only acceptable repentance. Henry Hollister, Mt. L.