Thoughts by a Shaker Sister David said, MI am fearfully and wonderfully made.' This is true of every man and woman. Our life, in all respects, is a wonder. We live and move and have an existence. We breathe— some unseen power keeps the machinery in motion—the heart beats; the tongue moves to sound forth the thoughts of the brain and feelings of the soul, and the ears of others catch those sounds; tfhus mind meets mind and we impress our thoughts upon others. The eyes, the sole medium through which light is transmitted to the body, are wonderful in their construction. All the members of the human body (if healthy) move in conformity to the will-force, or in nrtison with the controlling governing wheel of the machine; the intelli- gence coming through the brain. We eat, we drink, we wake, we sleep. Who can tell how all the vital forces operate ? and how the subtile agencies are brought to bear upon the human organism, so as to retain the equilibrium, and preserve the harmonious action of all the parts ? We speak of life and death. Life represents action. 'Life is heat; Death is cold,' means decay—dissolution. Does the philosopher, the theologian, or the greatest seer of the ages, understand the modus operandi by which this 'harp of a thousand strings ' is constructed and attuned ? 1 We see an ordinary machine, produced by man's ingemaity or intelligence, and perhaps comprehend how, by wind, steam, or water, as a propelling force, the wheels are set in motion; but the thoughts—the reasoning powers—of human beings, the emotional feelings— feelings of joy and sorrow, of love and hate — who understands their origin, so that they could take us by the hand, and lead us along the path which conducts to the fountain, and reveal the mystery ? 'Help, Lord, for the godly man'—the preserver of the earth—' ceaseth; for the faithful fail from among the children of men.' Whether the above quotation is applicable to our own time, keen observers of men and things, of cause and effect, must decide. One thing is certain; that is, 'Truth,' as applied to practical life, does not, at the present time, 'ride (very) prosperously through the land.' *' All have sinned,' have violated the physical and spiritual laws of their being, more or less; and few indeed do good—do right— according to their highest conception of right. Is there a remedy ? If so, where is it to be found? A crucified Jesus has been preached ; runners have gone up and down through the land crying, 'Lohere! and lo there!' Spiritual teachers and modern prophets have arisen; periodicals and daily journals have become very numerous ; and others are springing into life; and now, by the aid of the iron horse, which wends its way among the hills and valleys with almost lightning speed, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, they are conveyed from city to city, to every hamlctf and nearly every cottage throughout the civilized land over which the cultivator has passed. Knowledge is thereby increased; but 'the wicked continue to do wickedly; ' and true understanding, touching the Christian life, is, to a great extent, hidden from mortal sight. 76 THE SHAKER. Christendom is full of names—sects. Manychurches, with their towering spires pointing somewhere, attract attention from those who are thirsting for the spiritual waters of life, ' as the hart panteth for the water brooks,' and they ask the learned divines, 'Is righteousness, which makcth men and women righteous, practically righteous, found within these courts ?' Their answer is, ' No; we rely on the merits of a crucified Jesus I By his stripes we are healed ! By his righteousness we shall, in the future, be saved I ' The people known as ' Shakers,' have not sought to be numbered with popular Christians —the sects called orthodox. They hare dwelt alone, and have preferred to let works, rather than worldly profession and gorgeous display of Church paraphernalia, bespeak their faith. As birds, they hare fled to the mountains— the highest revealed spiritual truth — and sought cover ' under the wings of the anointed cherub.' There they patiently wait, drinking in inspiration from the celestial spheres, and watch for the bright morning star to arise, the precursor of a new day, when an angel messenger to the present generation will come forth, who will speak unto the Churches and breathe the breath of life into them, and cause them again to 'rise and stand upon their feet'—rebaptize them with the same spirit which first called them into being. They have, for a long time, lain as ' dead bodies in the streets spiritually called Sodom and Egypt'— sensual pleasure, and the darkness arising therefrom—' where our Lord was crucified.' The carnal life is opposed to the spiritual, and always kills the life of God in the soul. When the first angel messenger has performed a work, then another angel will follow, who will testify of the dual God, and the dual Christ—a living, risen Saviour, who will walk with those who are willing to enrobe themselves in linen white and clean—virgin purity. Then the voice will be heard, saying: 'Come up hither '—to the higher life. • Modern Spiritualism is an angel of light, and has wrought a great change in society. Not a quarter of a century has passed since a believer in spirit communings was called heterodox. Revelation was a thing of the past, except in natural science. Not one spirit friend was welcome to bear a torch-light of truth to this sin-darkened world. Spirit influences have now become so strong and subtile, that they have found their way into almost every household, and pierced nearly every circle. It is doing its work— shaking old-established creeds and dogmas, 'confounding the wisdom ' of the hierarchy, and is ' bringing to naught the understanding of the prudent.' In this way, God will pull down what man has builded that is false. Truth alone will stand! All the. dashing, surging waves of error and superstition that may beat against it cannot move it! Truth will live! and all who build upon it will live ! such will behold a risen Saviour, and feel his power. Truth has no bounds ; as it is co-eternal with Deity, so it fills immensity ! Error must fall before it. May God, through the medium of his own choosing, speed the work ! A. Doolittle