Truth, Faith, and Reason Truth and reality must be the basis of all moral excellence and durable bliss. Fiction and false views, like unsuspected counterfeit coin, may appear like reality, and give great present satisfaction, but sooner or later the deception will be discovered, when the sting of disappointment will succeed, and be in proportion to the ever-departed joy. As we rarely or never discover the true amount of large accounts, without carefully considering and adding each particular item, so neither shall we ever attain to truth without patient and careful investigation. We may reasonably suspect the man who requires us to believe without investigation, for, if he be neither dishonest nor designing, he must be under the influence of a credulity that renders his opinions unreliable. He that imposes first on his own under- standing by believing without examination, will most likely impose on that of others, if permitted. He that has thoroughly investigated a subject, and satisfied his own understanding of its truth, far from wishing others to take it upon trust, earnestly desires them to examine for themselves. There can be no permanent happiness, only in conformity to the truth and reality of things; whatever is forced, far-fetched, or false, must ultimately fail. Many assertions do not make one truth. He that does nothing but that which is good, says nothing but that which is true, thinks nothing but that which is pure, need not fear being put to shame. ' All power,' said Jesus, ' in heaven and THE S PI ^l K E R . earth is given me,' i. e., all power—the power of God is pledged for the support of my gospel, the truth which I have taught, for truth is Almighty. God is truth. 0, Heavenly Father, teach. me thy truth ! my desire is to believe all that is true, and practice all I believe. If we cannot bring truth to agree with onr wishes, we must subject our desires to truth. We never act rationally while in our affections we give temporal things the ascendancy over those which are spiritual and eternal. To deceive, and act the hypocrite, costs more than sincerely to be what we pretend. How base, then, is hypocrisy. Universal truth comprehends all the real qualities, relations, and dependencies that exist in and between ail things in the universe. Some smali portion of these have been $is-~ eovered by, o? revealed to, man. For convenience of investigation, universal truth may be divided into two departments, Moral and Physical —the one relating to mind, the other to matter. All truth is precious, but truth in relation to moral subjects is infinitely more important than that which merely relates to the physical, inasmuch as it relates to the present and eternal well-being of infinite millions of immortal intelligences-, Pelham