Salvation by Obedience Obedience to God—obedience to his law—to faith and principle: This has always been required ever since the creation of man, and his being placed in Eden's Garden. It was necessary for the order and regulation of man's doings in the ordinary course of business life. It was needful for man's daily protection and salvation, spiritually. Law, without obedience, is like faith without works— man without soul, or a body without spirit. Obedience is the very life principle of law. The laws of a people, country or nation are of but little value without obedience, for they will be neither enforced nor kept. The law which saith, ' Thou shalt not commit adultery ;' if a man commit adultery, how is he benefited by the law ? He may meet the penalty of the law by chastisement or imprisonment ; but unless his confinement or mfferings by such penalty work repentance, he will again sin when opportunity offers. In tracing back God's dealings with his creature—man—we find the original law de- livered to him by his Creator, when placed in the Garden of Eden, was, ' Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat; but of the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die.' This was God's law or commandment to man in the beginning. Did man keep this law ? Now, this law, whether given to man verbally or written upon his heart—intuitive knowledge— it matters not. He was, doubtless, made able to comprehend it. The breath of the Almighty breathed' into man, by which he became a living soul, endowed him with reason and understanding sufficient to know his duty to his Maker, and what was in that day required of him. By disobedience to law, to the commandment or the knowledge of God implanted in the soul, man lost his union and communion with his Creator, and his right to the Tree of Life, which was also in the garden placed. Shame and dishonor ensued; yea, even death ! Consequently, the disposition in man to hide in the bushes, to evade the countenance of the Almighty. Man discovered his own nakedness. He knew he had transgressed God's law. He was fearful of the consequences— the doom pronounced upon disobedience—the penalty of the law. The promise of God afterwards given to man, that the ' seed of the woman should bruise the serpent's head,' has ever been man's anchor and hope through all time of the past up to the present. And ever since the sad event of the fall, it has been man's duty and privilege, through God's goodness and mercy, to be eradicating from his soul the bane then received by disobedience. Jesus Christ opened the door, and led the way to man's redemption. 'All who will may partake of the waters of life freely.' Man is still left to choose or refuse. ' Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my.yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart; and ye shall find rest to your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.' THE SHA.KER. 83 From the day of the original transgression of God's law, there have always been ministers or teachers of =God's word, those endowed with a measure of ligfetand truth, sufficient to show mankind their duty, and to lead them upward (by degrees) from death to life, if they would yield obedience to the divine truths made known by those empowered to teach. Those who were obedient to the instructions and warnings of Noah, were saved from the mighty deluge which was about to destroy the world. Abram was a teacher of righteousness. His faith and obedience was an example to mankind, worthy of imitation. Obedience to God's laws through Moses, was leading the human race, step by step, higher up the Ladder of Progress, into a knowledge of God's will to man, as pertaining to the work of his redemption from under the curse. It is as impossible for man, in his lost state and condition, to become immediately'reinstated, or joined in full union and communion with his Creator—God— to be redeemed from the fall, all at once, as it is for a chi*d ^The has commenced to learn his a, b, c, in literary knowledge, to become immediately master of the arts and sciences. He has departed from the true knowledge of his Maker, and must retrace his steps, grow into the knowledge of the truth, by degrees, as he has departed from it. For man did not—could not fall into the lowest state of degradation all at once. This immediate conversion and redemption from death to life, without self-mortification, and a daily cross-bearing, is a deception. The im- puted righteousness of Christ, which is said to release converted souls from all responsi- bility and trouble thereafter, on the part of the sinner, is a false covering of the adversary of souls, designed to ease the consciences of men and women, and lull them into sleep and death, deeper than before. ' Except a man deny himself, take up his cross and follow me,' saith Jesus, 'he cannot be my disciple.' Jesus did not effect the great work of overcoming the world in himself, in a moment, an hour, nor a day. It was by daily training from childhood to manhood, up to the time of his Baptism in the River Jordan, and many sor- rowful days thereafter. How greatly wras he tempted, and how severe were his struggles, combatting with his enemy, the Devil (whatever may have been his form or feature) which, according to Scripture account, lasted forty days and nights ! ' The kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the violent take it by force.' Jesus set the example of daily cross-bearing, overcoming evil with good, whenever and wherever opportunity offered. ' Let him that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity.' The law of Moses served as a schoolmaster to lead souls to Christ. In obedience to that law the children of Israel inherited the promised land—a land flowing with milk and honey. If there had been no law or commandment saying, ' Thou shalt not kill; Thou shalt not steal; Thou shalt# not commit adultery,' etc., man would not be culpable for so doing. By the knowledge of the law, sin in revealed. ' Where there is no law, there is no transgression.' ' For sin is the transgression of the law.' Jesus Christ came into the world to put an end to sin, and introduce an everlasting righteousness. This he did by overcoming the would in himself, and setting an example for others to do likewise. 'I am the Resurrection,' said Christ. Man must be resurrected from death and deathly works, into the new life, which is in Christ. He must be born again. This new birth is spiritual, not carnal—not physical. ' Except a man be born again,' said Christ, ' he can not see the Kingdom of God.' This saying of our Saviour was not comprehended by Nicodemus. Our Savior explained it to him more fully. That he must be born of the spirit, and not after the flesh. ' That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the spirit is spirit. . Marvel not that I say unto you, ye must be born again.' Mankind, instead of being led by the spirit of Christ, which worketh by love and purity of heart, are governed too much by selfishness, passion, pride and lust; seeking their own ease and aggrandizement, not God's honor and glory. Trace the travel and progress of the children of Israel from their rise to their fall —from their deliverance from Egyptian bondage to the destruction of Jerusalem; and you will find that in all or nearly all cases, where they were subject to God's word and law to them, prosperity attended; but when they rejected or disobeyed, they were smitten by their enemies, or in some way suffered loss. It reasoned not wTho was ruler, judge or king over the people, disobedience to God's requirements always brought trouble. Kings and rulers may err and deviate to the right and left of the true standard of Truth and Equity, but God's word abideth forever. Principles vary not. While under the law, all must be subject to the law. But when having come out from under the old commandment into the new, or covenant of Grace, the latter takes the pre-eminence—the old is fulfilled—as in Jesus Christ. ' One jot or one tittle shall in nowise pass from the law till all be fulfilled.' Jesus Christ was the end of the law to them that believe—those who walk no more after the flesh, but after the spirit—who follow not the first Adam in the work of generation, but the Second Adam in the work of the regeneration. If we say we have no faith in such a one or ones, or that we have no confidence in the administration of God's law by or through such individuals or persons called to be rulers in the Church or House of God, are we justified in rejecting, or in going contrary to their counsel and instruction ? Such are ministers of God's word or law; and obedience to the law or testimony is required of all under it. If we respect not the person or persons, have respect for God's law, though administered by them. The principles of truth and right should govern us, not passion and partial feelings. Man cannot change principles by misdirection or misapplication of them. Jesus said, ' If a man love me he will keep my sayings.' Many professors of Christianity make great pretensions of their love to God, or love to Christ, who really are unwilling to prove their love by acts of kindness, selfdenial and the daily cross, as Jesus did. They seem willing to name the name of Christ, but unwilling to depart from iniquity. The teachings of our Lord and Saviour were on this wise: ' Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them that despitefully use you and persecute you.' ' Whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.' 'Render not evil for evil, but good for evil.' Here is a new commandment given under the gospel dispensation. It is Universal Love. No more an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, but love and good will toward all men. No more war and bloodshed, strife and contention, selfishness and individual promotion, one rising above another with superior claims and usurpation, but community of goods, united interests, brotherly and sisterly love, justice, righteousness and equity in all things. No special toleration for particular, personal fellowship, or affection for this or that one, but it is all ours—universal brotherhood. Every house set in order must have laws, rules and regulations to keep it so. But wThoever knew one kept in that condition, unless the gift or principle of obedience r signed there? D. A. Buckingham