Were Moses and Jesus Free- Agents ? Who was Jesus of Nazareth ? What was his mission ? Was it possible that he might have failed in performing his mission ? If he had so failed, would the present race of beings have been hopelessly lost, or would there have been another Medium, Teacher, Christ raised up, by the power of the Holy Spirit, to have done the same important work which he performed for humanity ? I wish that I were a thorough historian, a theologian and something of a logician. Then, if I could bring my wayward pen under the rules of rhetoric, I could solve some knotty questions which now I find much more difficult to answer than to ask. I was taught in early life, by a pious, devoted Baptist mother, that Jesus was one of the Gods incarnated in human form; that he was snugly ensconced in the bosom of the All Father before the worlds were framed, and that he was the only son. That this Loving Father, who saw the end from the beginning, did, from all eternity, predestinate that certain portions of the race should be lost, and that at some time he would send this beloved son to rescue a part from utter destruction, and thus manifest his love and justice as also his great mercy. Eeligious teachers give children some hard nuts to crack when they talk to them about predestination and trinity of three male Gods conjoined in one; and full grown children oc- casionally are puzzled to understand how it is, and often find themselves in a maze from which it is difficult to extricate themselves. I have always thought it the wisest way for me to avoid great mysteries, and as much as possible to keep on a plain, even road, where the fool, for Christ's sake, may travel and not err; keeping a good conscience and using what little common sense was given me. Eeason is God's gift to man, and is given for use. A few years ago an intelligent female friend, whose father was an Episcopal clergyman, said to me : ' Oh ! do not try to reason upon the doctrine of the Trinity; that is just the.cause of so many infidels in the world.' I said: 'Is not God the author of reason; and will He require us to believe anything that will not bear the light of reason ? ' She replied, ' It is a true doctrine, but too high for finite comprehension.' We will leave the Trinity and return to the Sonship. If Jesus was the Christ, the only begotten of the Father, who are they who call upon God as their Heavenly Father ? Children by adoption, are they, or is Jesus the Father upon whom they call ? Hardly that; for they say ' grant our petitions for Christ's sake.' When we go back upon Bible history, we see that the Great First Cause who framed the universe, gave the dry land and the sea their bounds, and marked out times and seasons and set the wheels in motion, designed that under law and order there should be eternal growth and progress. Never has the infinite mind lost sight of the universe of its own creating, nor left it without a controlling, moral force sufficient to hold it in its course, and keep it from returning to chaos. Mineral, vegetable and animal life have progressed. At particular periods of time, when growth and development called for higher and more progressed teachers, there have been what we might call especial providences. Teachers and rulers have been raised up to meet the needs of the people for the time being. Then prophets would come forth, and, through inspiration, point them to a greater work, a more perfect day in the distant future, when they should have progressed unto it; a light ahead in the ascending upward scale. Moses was providentially raised up to perform a certain work. He was a powerful minister of physical truth to the Jews—precisely what they needed and must have in order to progress. Now, was it possible for Moses to have proved recreant to that people —the Jews ? If so, would there have been another providential teacher or law giver raised up unto that people, or would the chain of progress have been broken and the machinery reversed ? If there could have been another Moses found, there might have been a little delay, but no failure. So we say, blessed is he or she who, being called and appointed to any I THE SHAKER. 95 work, are found faithful. That depends upon their own volition. If Jesus was a divinely inspired teacher, possessing larger powers of receptivity than any that had preceded him; had risen higher in the scale of purity by reason of his own obedience to laws given through Moses, and also on account of the progressed physical and moral condition of his ancestry, and was thus fitted to receive a baptism of the Christ Spirit that would induct him into a higher sphere of spiritual life, he thereby became the High Priest of a new dispensation wherein the law of an eye for an eye should be annulled by substituting love for force, rendering good for evil. Could Jesus have refused the call and offer of the teachership and inductor of the Jews into this higer law—the new dispensation ? If it were possible, and had thus refused to receive the Christ Spirit which was seeking a medium through wrhich to wrork, could or would that same spirit have sought and found another prepared vessel into which the oil through the golden pipes from the bowl or church in the invisible world, have been conveyed to the people, or would the race have been hopelessly lost? A. Doolittle