Love and Fire Religious revivals are the resultant of the love of God toward humanity. Love is fire, in its ultimate incarnated. 'God is love ;' and this makes God a consuming fire through jealousy. ' I am a jealous God,' hating idolatry and adultery above all things, and always operating to destroy the idols as Abraham destroyed the images of gods and goddesses, which his father made his living by creating. Christendom is 'full of idols;' consequently, when the righteous in a city pray to God, as Lot did in Sodom, they are praying for the destruction of that city, unless timely repentance—a turning from idolatry—averts it. As Jefferson affirms, all great cities are ike caucers of the nation ; being produced by false organic laws, permitting the monopoly of life elements, and destroying the taste of the people for rural pursuits—agriculture in its various branches—it is merely a matter of time when such a city as London will be destroyed, and by what agency. We may hope that it will be through the soil of England being returned to its owners, the people; and that the soil will allure the people from London, leaving it, like Babylon, to 'the owls and bitterns ;' for the prophecy of desolation upon that city is as applicable to all cities as it was to Babylon. The fact that a certain city is destroyed, does not prove that its wickedness exceeded 'above all other cities,' but that it was more ripe, and that the love of God was towards it in an especial manner; and that as it has perished, so likewise will all other cities perish, unless their inhabitants repent. Under the law of ' the co-relation of forces,'' the love of God may be transformed into material fire, sweeping away, as in a moment, the accumulated labors of many generations, who had not wrought in God sufficient to preserve ' their works.' Not that there was no good—no religion— nor yet that there was no natural fire to begin the conflagration at Chicago. In Rev. 9:23, ' Moses and Aaron went into the tabernacle of the congregation, and came out and blessed the people, and the glory of the Lord appeared unto all the people, and there came a fire out from before the Lord and consumed upon the altar the burnt offering and the fat, which when all the people saw, they shouted and fell on their faces.' In this case, there was no physical fire as a nucleus; but when 'Nadab and Abhiu, the sons of Aaron, took either of them his censer and put fire therein, and put incense thereon, and thus offered strange fire before the Lord—' natural fire'—which he commanded them not, ' there went out fire from the Lord, and devoured them, and they died before the Lord.' They lacked faith as spiritualists. How far, and to what extent, do the modern priesthood offer strange fire, when they offer their gifts—sparks of their own kindling—eloquent prayers, and learned essays—fires of ambition, impelled by the love of self—in place of the true spiritual gifts of the primitive church ? Will they not, one of these days, originate a conflagration that will burn up them and their works ? In 1st Kings, 18:34, Elijah said to the prophets of Baal, 'Call ye on the name of your gods, and I will call upon the Lord; and the god that answereth by fire, let him be God; and all the people answered and said : it is well spoken.' ' They, the priests of Baal, took the bullock which was given to them, and dressed it, and called on the name of Baal from morning till noon, saying, 0 Baal, hear us ! But there was no voice, nor any that answered; and Elijah mocked them, saying : Cry aloud ; for he is a god; either he is talking, or he is pursuing, or he is on a journey, or peradventure he sleepeth, and must be awaked. And they cried aloud, and cut themselves with knives as was their manner, till the blood gushed out, but with no avail. When it came Elijah's turn, they filled four barrels with water three several times, and poured it upon the burnt sacrifice and the wood, and the fire of the Lord fell, and not only consumed the burnt sacrifice, but, as in Chicago, it burnt ' the wood, and the stones, and the dust, and licked up the water that was in the trench.' And the people said : ' The Lord, he is the God; the Lord, he is the God;' and the unspiritual prophets were themselves destroyed. This descent of fire frequently occurred during the his- tory of the Jewish nation. This fire would not injure the righteous any more than water would injure fish. 'Who amongst us,' Isaiah inquired, ' will dwell with the devouring fire ? Who shall dwell with everlasting burnings? The Lord descended upon Mount Sinai in fire, and the people were afraid because of the fire, and said: Let us not see this great fire any more.' In Numbers, 35, after the earth had swallowed up the houses and all the men that pertained unto Cova, with their goods, ' there came out fire from the Lord and consumed the two hundred and fifty men that offered incense.' But, of all the prophets of Israel, none exceeded Elijah as a medium of spiritual power over the material elements. 2 Kings i: The king sent a captain and fifty men, to bring Elijah down from the top of a hill on which he sat. Approaching, the captain said (mockingly), ' Thou man of God, the king hath said come down;' and Elijah answered: If I be a man of God, then let fire come down from heaven, and consume thee and thy fifty; and there came down fire from heaven, and consumed him and his fifty. And when a second captain and fifty was sent, being a little afraid, he said: '0 man of God, thus hath the king said: ' Come down quickly.' ' Again the prophet called for fire to consume them, and the fire of God came down from heaven and consumed him and his fifty. And the captain of the third fifty was sent, and went up, and, like the Egyptians, being thoroughly converted to a belief in Spiritualism, fell on his knees before Elijah, and besought him, and said to him, '0 man of God, I pray thee let my life, and the life of these fifty, thy servants, be precious in thy sight. Behold there came fire down from heaven and burnt up the two captains of the former fifties, with their fifties, therefore let my life be precious in thy sight.' This humble and candid confession showed that the fire of the Lord was going back from whence it came, towards the interior of things. It had burnt up unbelief in the 9O THE S H .A. K E H . captain's soul, and become again a spiritual fire of faith and zeal towards God. The angel of the Lord said unto Elijah, ' Go down with him.' The fire had reached the soul of the king also; and ' Elijah said to him : Thou hast sent messages to inquire of Baal-Zebub, the god of Ekron ; therefore thou shalt not come down off that ted on which thou art gone up, but shalt surely die. So the king died, and Elijah was not injured. And Elijah went up by a whirlwind into heaven,' from whence the fire came. It was not his body that went up, but his soul and spirit that had already ascended into the heaven—the paradise of the Jews. Thus did Elijah subdue military power by Spiritualism, according to the true design of the Mosaic dispensation, where the war power was transferred from the physical to the lower sphere of the spiritual world. It is on this wise that war will be abolished, and the millenium inaugurated, in which the nations shall cease to learn and practice it any more. In that epoch, the male and female will be equally represented in the earthly government, which will become the image of the government of the universe. War Raised One Step Higher. The Christ Spirit, with which Jesus was baptized, converted and convicted him first from the Jewish plan of war — the application of physical force — by means of which, he. cleansed the temple of the commercial people who were trading and trafficking under a cloak of religion, calling them ' thieves and robbers,' who were desecrating the house of prayer. This was one step upwards. ' The zeal of the Lord's house had eaten him up.' Further travail prepared him for another step; so that when a village of the Samaritans refused to receive him and his disciples, because his face was set as though he would go to Jerusalem, with whose inhabitants they held no social communion, James and John said: 'Lord, wilt thou command fire to come down from heaven, and consume them, even as Elias did?' Jesus turned and rebuked them, and said : ' Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of,' in respect to the spirit and practice of war. Ye are good Jews, after the pattern of Elijah; but are not yet converted to Christianity, which will save you from destroying your enemies even by spiritual agencies, and even when they arc heretics, and have refused to receive and entertain the Son of Man, havinoturned their backs upon the kingdom of heaven, which had come nigh unto them. 'For the Son of Man has not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them, both body and soul, provided they will obey the truth.' This obedience will never be secured, except through a baptism of fire and love, which shall create, as at pentecost, a genuine spiritualistic, religious revival. F. W. Evans