Appreciation I have been an attentive reader of every number of The Shaker. It certainly has able expounders of our beautiful and soulinvigorating faith, and to this class of writers we need not add more. One after another of the brave veterans of a holy cause —those who might have retired with wellearned laurels, that shed lustre and joy over declining years— have come forth, as to the sound of a trumpet, and with pens that seemed dipped in the fires of truth, and in the light of revelation, are thus proclaiming the pure principles of salva- tion. Noble fathers and mothers ! may God send tlte angels to watch over you, to give light to your dimmed eyes, and strength to your failing hands, that the glorious work of expounding the principles of 'heaven on earth' may not fall into less efficient hands ! We read in the July number an expression that strongly unites in sympathy with its editor in making The Shaker ' a home educator.' I have greatly desired to see this idea advanced, so that those who are children in years, and those who are willing to ' become so for the kingdom's sake,' may find the desiderata that will enable them to become wise in spiritual things. Though not a youth, I am still near enough to that condition in life to know of its attendant temptations and dangers. This age needs just such 'a home educator' as our little paper, to balance its perversions—to rebuke them—for it is an age that is too fast for the culture of virtuous deeds and eternal life. ' Youth is the time to serve the Lord,' a period when the song of life should be as fervent as the little bird's, that seems to sing with all its might, and to the utmost expansion of its little bird's harp : ' Oh God, I praise thee ever !' It is before the young tree has sufficiently developed, to produce perfect fruits, that it requires the most attention. The careful gardener never neglects to train, prune nor graft, nor to protect the young trees from worms, hurtful insects and the ' little foxes that destroy.' Great care must be taken in every department of the juvenile age—physically, morally and spiritually. Much pruning is necessary to prepare souls for the scion of faith, in extreme purity of life, and failure to be thus grafted is despair. Oh, the blasting of bright hopes that make up despair ! For the right culture of youth, is required the sacrifices of noble souls unto untiring zeal in their behalf. And it may be encouraging, for all to know, that such there are; and youthful minds, ' the buds of promise,' who read The Shaker, are not to be neglected. A. M. Wheeler, U. V., Ohio