JUVENILE DEPARTMENT A Dialogue Written for, and rehearsed at an Annual Social Gathering, in Canaan Pine Grove, N. Y., by Ann, Martha, Mary J., Charlotte, Melissa, Margaret, Sarah and Catharine. A.—Beloved Gospel Companions: You will not be surprised if I tell you, that I expect to take solid comfort to-day; an in • crease of pleasure and satisfaction Has attended each social feast in this pleasant grove, where our enjoyment is enhanced by an interchange of thought and feeling, and where we always meet loving friends; noble souls of the prom- ised land; I can but exclaim Avith joy and gladness, it is good to be here ! and I believe that many of my young companions can reciprocate the feeling. Marjr.—I can most heartily, for, On wings of the morning all joyous and strong-, Pure love and sweet union come bounding along, Ready and willing to aid tis at least, By seeking a part in our true social feast. Mar.—(Comes forward with a joyful clapping of hands.) O gladl)' we welcome companions like these! That bring ns the freshness of day's early breezeThat bring us a calmness, cause joy to abound, And cover with blessings this dear hallowed ground M.— Lift! lift now the curtain that veils from our sight The glories immortal in realms of pure light'. O what is the vision onr spirits behold ? Its wonders, its beauties, can never be told ; They are in the future for all who will prize Pure love and sweet union in every guise. s.— Away with all sadness and lay aside care, Rejoice in the present, of every good share— [give, Be filled with that peace which the world cannot And noble enjoyment in which we may live ; For Right, and not Might, is the law of our band, In each blessed gift we unite heart and hand. C.—Cheered by the happy sentiments you have expressed, I would ask a share in your circle of union, hoping to engage with you in an interesting and profitable conversation. A.—You are welcome ! we would not exclude from our midst any of our companions who feel interested in adding to our gift of union. Martha.—As 3rour invitation is universal, with pleasure 1 accept; I have not ascertained the topic of conversation which is to engage our attention ; but will tell you what 1 thought this morning as the sunlight burst in full splendor over the eastern horizon, flooding the earth with its glory, and bathing the landscape in its liquid beauty; my spirit was enraptured with the sight; a thousand visions passed be- fore my mind, visions of real things too; God's glorious works in their infinitude and perfection, presented a theme for reflection and conversation. Mar.—Thoughts similar to these passed through my mind; the earth never appeared more beautiful, the surrounding scenery seemed wrapt in lovliness, a picture worthy of the poet's pen or the artist's pencil. I am glad that you have introduced this subject, and I know we will be pleased with your company. S.—I wish Charlotte was here; I think that she would be interested in (the subject of) Martha's proposition. 4 THE SHAKEE. Char.—I was only waiting for an invitation. M.—Why ! Ann gave a general one. Char.—I wanted a special one; but as you seem somewhat animated and joyous, I readily unite with you in dilating upon the beauties of Creation—vast Creation, which speaks with voice unchangeable of the goodness and Omniscience of the Almighty; just think of the formation of our beautiful earth ! M.—In speaking of the formation of the earth, I feel somewhat interested, as I have commenced reading the Bible, intending to finish it by course; I should like to obtain as correct an understanding of it as possible. We are informed that the heavens and the earth, and all that is contained therein, were created in six days. Martha, do you not think, that days were used figuratively, as expressive of periods of time ? Martha.—I believe it is the conclusion of scientific men that each day was a distinct and separate epoch, and the wonderful geological discoveries that have been made, prove that the earth is much older than we have record of; this assertion they substantiate from the formation of the strata of rocks, and the sub- stances found imbedded in them; many other remarkable revelations have been and are being made in connection with the science of Geology. Mary.—They tell us too, that great changes have taken place since the organization of the world; where rivers once flowed, vegetation now teems; and where were the verdant vallies, now the voice of waters speak. Cities have disappeared beneath the volcano's molten lava, or have been destroyed by the earthquake's mighty shock. S.—Of volcanic eruptions and the earthquake's fearful shock, we need but read the last pages of history to find thereon portrayed, the horrors of their devasting work. C.—' Change is marked on all things seen; we sometimes think and speak of nations, empires and institutions as enduring, and so they seem as we view them for a moment; but they rise and fall as the tidal waves of the Ocean, by medium of an invisible, immutable power which survives through all their changes.' A.—How beautiful is earth ! from its elements of growth are transformed thousands of charming objects which delight our eyes. Witness the vegetable kingdom : in the course of one jear trees increase their foliage, and buds, leaves, fruits, flowers and their seeds are renewed, yielding bountiful favors to man. Char.—One would think, that after so many ages of replenishment, its treasures would become exhausted; but they are constantly renewed from the unseen realm of nature, where powerful agencies are unceasingly, yet silently at work producing the wonderful operations wrought in the material Universe. Mar.—Wonderful indeed are the productions of nature ! Tree's, plants, flowers and grasses (the most beautiful of which are the cereals) all teem with delightful existence, drawing sustenance from Mother Earth, who is faithfu in the renewal of strength and life. S.—When speaking of the grasses, Margarei mentioned the cereals; I should like to know the meaning of the word cereal. Char.—Have you never read of the anciem Gods and Goddesses who were supposed to preside over the destinies of men ? S.—I learned something of the heathen deities in connection with Astronomy, such as Jupiter being the God of Heaven, Mars the God of war, and Neptune the God of the seas. Of the female deities there was Flora the Goddess of flowers; Vesta the Goddess of fire, Astrea the Goddess of justice; and many more; all the planets were named after their imaginary divinities—but I believe, that I never heard of Cereal. 0.—It was Ceres—she was the Goddess of jrain and harvest; and is represented carrying a sickle and sheaf; through her blessing, fields of golden grain were perfected and harvested into their garners as proper food for man; hence came the word Cereal. Mary.—Was Astronomy known to the ancients ? A.—Certainly, and was taught in Egypt, India, Chaldea and Greece long before the Christian era. The first astronomers were shepherds and herdsmen; they were led to the study, by observing the movements of the heavenly bodies, while watching their flocks in the fields. They, however, entertained the erroneous idea that the earth was flat, and that the sun, moon and stars actually revolved round it, as they appear to do every twentyfour hours. Martha.—It was not until the beginning of the sixteenth century, that the true system or theory of Astronomy Avas promulgated by Copernicus, a Prussian Astronomer. This was about eighteen years after the discovery of America by Columbus. Char.—The greatest antiquity boasted of in science is agriculture. History records, that for ages it was the only art practised by mankind. The Chinese, Chaldeans and Phcenecians, held in their highest estimation the art of husbandry. By this science we obtain all that is necessary for food and nourishment. An ancient writer remarked that agriculture was the mother of all the sciences ; for while she flourished the others fared prosperously. Cicero, the great philosopher, spoke of the pleasure he derived from cultivating the land even in his old age. It was not the product alone that delighted him, but the virtue and nature of the soil itself, which, when in its softened and subdued bosom, it receives the scattered seed; it first confines what is hidden within; then, when warmed by the sunlight and its own compression, it spreads, and elicits from the verdant blade that, which, sustained by the fibres of the roots, grows up and develops the fruits of the ear. S.—What can be more beautiful than a field of wheat ready for the harvest ? See how each slender stem gracefully bears the well filled head ! And as you glance across the field, it looks like a summer sea when the breezes are at play, causing the shadowy waves to pass over it. Surely with promises replete for the future is the beautiful field of wheat. Mar.—To observe the progress of life, whether in the animal or vegetable kingdom, is highly interesting to an investigating mind. But here man, with all his science and skill, can achieve nothing; he may plant and water, sut God alone giveth the increase. M.—It is said that industry is the guardian of innocence, and what requires more of the spirit of industry than the tillage of the land ? Or, what labor is in itself more innocent ? It is the first of which we have any account. Adam was placed in the garden of Eden to dress and keep it. The Israelites were commanded not to delay to offer of their first ripe fruits unto the Lord. Three times in a year they were to keep a feast; first, the feast of unleavened bread; second, the feast of the harvest, the first fruits of their labors which they had sown in the field ; third, the feast of ingathering, at the end of the year. Thus down through all the succeeding ages in the history of our race, we find (as Charlotte remarked) that agriculture was pre-eminent as the foundation of man's physical wants. C.—The farmer, of all laborers, is the most independent; on the product of his toils mankind depend for subsistence; 't is his to plow, to sow, to cultivate, and reap the fruits of earth; which alone are the proper building material for the house we live in. For God said : ' Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed which is upon the face of the earth, to you it shall be for meat,' even so to the lower animal creation. Mary—If we could only look back through the dim vista of a century, and behold the changes wrought (by diligence and exertion) on consecrated ground, among these lovely hills, we would be somewhat surprised. Over land once stony and uncultivated, the mow- ing machine now passes smoothly, and the plow upturns the sod of many a field, whose soil in its natural state would yield but scanty vegetable life. A.—'Tis true, our home, now pleasant and comfortable, was once almost in a wilderness state. But how has industry prospered! and now ('neath the sunshine of God's blessing) it teems with vegetable life and beauty, a peaceful and happy abode. Martha—All honor to the farmer! he needs no sculptured work of art to perpetuate his name; the verdant fields bespeak his praise; and the murmuring streams, which course their way through smiling meadows, shall sing sweet requiems to his memory long after he has ceased to sow ond reap. And those extended lines of walls (so nicely laid), will they not stand as monuments to commemorate his life of industry ? Char.—Certainly they will. (7b be continued!)