MISCELLANEOUS Visit to the Shaker Settlement ' Last, but not least, comes up the remembrance of my visit to the Shaker Settlement. That is a leaf in memory to which I shall often turn. I have it all before me now. Its broad acres of rich land; the trees laden with ripe golden fruit,—everything growing in rich profusion that heart could wish for; the substantial pleasant built houses; the cheerful ways of the well-ordered families ; the great broadbacked, soft-eyed cows, themselves partaking of the quiet, gentle ways of their keepers,—the rich, pure milk drawn from their udders by the pretty young Shakeresses; the young brother who passed on before us, showing us his stock (and with an air of pride pointing out his best) with his broad-brimmed hat, fat, rosy cheeks, and bright black eyes,—all these things make a bright picture that will never fade. ' As I passed from one to another and saw the calm, happy look on each; I could not but wonder of their inner lives,—what of their hopes and fears, &amp;c, &amp;c. * * * * ' As these things crowd my mind, the tall, slender figurs of Sister Sarah comes up before me. Her kind, motherly ways gave me the confidence to ask what I would. She told how, at seven years of age, her mother had brought her from the far-off hills of Vermont, and laid her an offering upon God's altar, consecrating her to His service. Fifty years have passed since then, and her testimony now is, 'I am happy.' What a lesson for the worldling ! I scanned that placid face; no mark of discontent was there; no hard-drawn lines had settled round any of the features, but a peaceful, happy expression, telling of the beauty of her life. As I looked at her I wondered if, when fifty-three years of my life had passed, I should be able to bear the same testimony. ¦ And then I said to her : ' Have you never in all these long years longed for the pleasures of the world ?' With an eye beaming with truth fulness and a voice full of sweetness, she said: ' Nay, sister, never.' With this testimony I was led to believe what I had never thought before, that the Shakers are a happy people. All that I saw led me to think it. It is surely no convent life with its rigid laws and penances; no dark vaults or gloomy cells ; no high walls or grated windows. Strong, willing hearts are there, bearing a firm but gentle rule. A ready obedience from all, gives birth to the good order and happiness that are so plainly visible. As I passed through the cool, pleasant rooms, seeing the happy faces and hearing the cheerful voices of old and young, and seeing the wellfilled larders, I thought, ' 0, what a home for the hungry, what a rest for the weary!' I know it is very unromantic to talk of being hungry; but as I am of the earth, earthy, I confess I was able to do justice to the sweet Graham bread and golden butter, the fresh milk, cakes, pies and fruit that were set before us. And then there was such a delicate politeness in the offering of this lunch, almost making us feel that it was by accident, while we knew it was placed there especially for us. After feasting on these good things, we were led back to the reception room by gentle Sister Sarah. I could not but express my thankfulness for the kindness she had manifested and the pleasure I had realized, and looking into her clear, calm eyes, I longed ,or a place in her love and memory; and when I asked her to grant me this boon, bright tears gathered in those soft eyes, and she bent over and imprinted a fervent kiss on my face. I shall never forget the pleasure of those sweet lips; and like the child whom the great Napoleon kissed, must ever keep that spot sacred. I do not know that it was so, but I shall ever cherish the idea that when the dewy tears gathered in those soft eyes and that warm kiss was given, there went up a prayer for my eternal welfare. Be that as it may, I shall ever pray for one who was to me so kind, and I look forward to the time when I shall rest beside the River of Life and hold sweet converse with the gentle spirit of Sister Sarah. Mary Frances Carr