POETICAL Lines, Suggested by a Visit to the Shakers, near Albany BY CHARLOTTE CUSHMAN 1. Mysterious worshippers ! Are ye indeed the things ye seem to be. Of earth, yet oi its iron influence free From all that stirs Our being's pulse, and gives to fleeting life [strife ? ' What well the Hun hath termed i; the rapture of the 2_ Are the gay visions gone, Those day dreams of the mind by fate there flung, And the fair hopes to which the soul once clung? And battled on ; Have ye outlived them ? All that must have sprung And quickened into life when ye were young ? 3. Docs memory never roam To ties that, grown with j ears, ye idly sever, To the old haunts, that ye have left forever Your early homes: Your ancient creed, once faith's sustaining lever, The loved, who erst prayed with you—now may never? 4 Has not ambition's p?ean Some power within your hearts to wake anew To deeds of higher emprise—worthier you, Ye monkish men, Than may be reap'd from fields?—do ye not rue The drone-like course of life ye now pursue ? 5. The camp, the council, all That woos the soldiers to the field of fame— That gives the sage his meed—the bard his name, And coronal— Bidding a people's voice their praise proclaim; Can ye forego the strife nor own your shame ? 6. Have ye forgot your youth When expectations soared on pinions high, And hope shone out in boyhood's cloudless sky, Seeming all truth— When all look'd fair to fancy's ardent eye, And pleasure wore an air of sorcery ? 7. You. too ! what early blight Has withered your fond hopes, that ye thus stand, A group of sisters 'mong this monkish band? Ye creatures bright! Has sorrow scored your brows with demon hand, And o'er your hopes pass'd treachery's burning brand? 8. Ye would have graced right well The bridal scene.—the banquet or the bowers, Where mirth and revelry usurp the hours— 'Where, like a spell, Beauty is sovereign, where man owns its powers And woman's tread is o'er a path of flowers. 9. Yet seem ye not as those Within whose bosoms memory's vigils keep, Beneath jour drooping lids no passions sleep, And your pale brows Bare not the tracery of emotions deep— Ye seem too cold and passionless to weep!