MISCELLANEOUS Visit to the Shaker Settlement ' Last, but not least, comes up the remembrance of my visit to the Shaker Settlement. That is a leaf in memory to which I shall often turn. I have it all before me now. Its broad acres of rich land; the trees laden with ripe golden fruit,—everything growing in rich profusion that heart could wish for; the substantial pleasant built houses; the cheerful ways of the well-ordered families ; the great broadbacked, soft-eyed cows, themselves partaking of the quiet, gentle ways of their keepers,—the rich, pure milk drawn from their udders by the pretty young Shakeresses; the young brother who passed on before us, showing us his stock (and with an air of pride pointing out his best) with his broad-brimmed hat, fat, rosy cheeks, and bright black eyes,—all these things make a bright picture that will never fade. ' As I passed from one to another and saw the calm, happy look on each; I could not but wonder of their inner lives,—what of their hopes and fears, &amp;c, &amp;c. * * * * ' As these things crowd my mind, the tall, slender figurs of Sister Sarah comes up before me. Her kind, motherly ways gave me the confidence to ask what I would. She told how, at seven years of age, her mother had brought her from the far-off hills of Vermont, and laid her an offering upon God's altar, consecrating her to His service. Fifty years have passed since then, and her testimony now is, 'I am happy.' What a lesson for the worldling ! I scanned that placid face; no mark of discontent was there; no hard-drawn lines had settled round any of the features, but a peaceful, happy expression, telling of the beauty of her life. As I looked at her I wondered if, when fifty-three years of my life had passed, I should be able to bear the same testimony. ¦ And then I said to her : ' Have you never in all these long years longed for the pleasures of the world ?' With an eye beaming with truth fulness and a voice full of sweetness, she said: ' Nay, sister, never.' With this testimony I was led to believe what I had never thought before, that the Shakers are a happy people. All that I saw led me to think it. It is surely no convent life with its rigid laws and penances; no dark vaults or gloomy cells ; no high walls or grated windows. Strong, willing hearts are there, bearing a firm but gentle rule. A ready obedience from all, gives birth to the good order and happiness that are so plainly visible. As I passed through the cool, pleasant rooms, seeing the happy faces and hearing the cheerful voices of old and young, and seeing the wellfilled larders, I thought, ' 0, what a home for the hungry, what a rest for the weary!' I know it is very unromantic to talk of being hungry; but as I am of the earth, earthy, I confess I was able to do justice to the sweet Graham bread and golden butter, the fresh milk, cakes, pies and fruit that were set before us. And then there was such a delicate politeness in the offering of this lunch, almost making us feel that it was by accident, while we knew it was placed there especially for us. After feasting on these good things, we were led back to the reception room by gentle Sister Sarah. I could not but express my thankfulness for the kindness she had manifested and the pleasure I had realized, and looking into her clear, calm eyes, I longed ,or a place in her love and memory; and when I asked her to grant me this boon, bright tears gathered in those soft eyes, and she bent over and imprinted a fervent kiss on my face. I shall never forget the pleasure of those sweet lips; and like the child whom the great Napoleon kissed, must ever keep that spot sacred. I do not know that it was so, but I shall ever cherish the idea that when the dewy tears gathered in those soft eyes and that warm kiss was given, there went up a prayer for my eternal welfare. Be that as it may, I shall ever pray for one who was to me so kind, and I look forward to the time when I shall rest beside the River of Life and hold sweet converse with the gentle spirit of Sister Sarah. Mary Frances Carr Duality of the Deity Say first of God above or man below, What can we reason, but from what we know.' On this first principle, we believe it is a self-evident fact that God is dual. Two great principles united constitute Deity. The fact is referred to by the Apostle Paul. 'The invisible things of Him, from the foundation of the world are clearly seen, being under- stood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and godhead.' Rom. i. 20. In the things that are made, or the universe, from inanimate matter up to man, we see the manifestation of two great, fundamental principles, viz: male and female. As God is the cause, of which the universe is the effect, and as every effect is like its cause, and the effect is positively male and female, it logically follows that the cause must be male and female. Thus it is equally true whether we say that God is male and female, or that an infinite perfection of the male and female principles is God. At the creation, God (speaking as we think to his counterpart) said, 'Let us make man in our own image, after our likeness. So God created man in his own image and likeness. In the image of God created he him, male and female created he them, and blessed them, and called their name Adam.' Gen. i. 26, 27. Gen. v. 2. Here we see it took both the male and female principles to constitute Adam, who was created in the likeness of God. Thus it is emphatically stated that God made man male and female in his own image, which of course must be male and female. Every stream is like its fountain, and every kind of fruit like its parent tree. We wish to be understood, Avhen we say that mere physical development but imperfectly shadows forth the great distinctiveness of sex, more radically and beautifully expressed in the peculiar affectional, intellectual, moral, and spiritual natures of each, exquisitely adapting the sexes to each other's association. Could God any more impart the distinct female element to man, unless it was a concomitant part of his own being, than he could impart to man, intelligence, love or goodness, unless these principles existed in Deity ? Think of a God creating man, with the noble qualities of intuition, reason and justice, himself utterly devoid of these principles. Then think of the absurdity of his creating a universe half bearing principle or female, while in his own nature, he embodies only the male principle. Jesus Christ was the first who revealed God as a father. God as a mother, will only be fully1' manifested in his second appearing. Though the term father implies mother; as natural things are typical of spiritual. And Jesus hath said, 'Wisdom is justified of all her children.' Mat. xi. 19. Luke, vii. 35. Wisdom, in those languages, is used in the feminine gender. Therefore wisdom having children is a mother. The same being referred to many times in sacred writ we quote a part. Doth not wisdom cry, ' Receive my instruction and not silver; and knowledge rather than choice gold. The Lord possessed me in the beginning of his way, before his works of old. I was set up from everlasting, from the beginning, or ever the earth was. When he prepared the heavens I was there, when he appointed the foundations of the earth. Then I was by him, as one brought up with him ; and I was daily his delight, rejoicing always before him ?' Prov. via. Here we have it in plain language, that wisdom as the bearing spirit is the mother of all living, co-existent with the Father, rejoicing always before him as one brought up with him. This could not consistently apply to Jesus Christ, as the son of God, as the term son signifies a created being, hence not the first cause, or God; as father, must exist prior to son, and God is not a created being, but existed from everlasting. That it does apply to the Holy Ghost, we fully believe. For in the sense we have quoted Wisdom, we think the terms synonymous. Here we find a consistent way to look through nature up to nature's God. Can there be a more natural or consoling idea than to view God as our Heavenly Parentage, father and mother ? We have had earthly mothers kind and tender to us. Shall we then reject their true type, a Heavenly Mother, and voluntarily cast ourselves on the ocean of existence, half orphan ? We think the prevalence of this semi- atheism accounts in great measure for that deplorable want of wisdom, love and truth among men. For ' He that sinneth against me wronsreth his own soul; and all they that hate me, love death.' Prov. viii. 36. On the other hand, the awful prevalence of sin and corruption is one prominent cause why mankind reject their mother in God. ' For into a malicious soul wisdom will not enter, nor dwell in a body that is subject to sin.' The legitimate tendency of incorrect views on this subject, is to disorganize the whole creation of God. And as the female principle, is not recognized in Deity, of a conse- quence, it is but partially recognized in humanity; so that womanhood finds the curse pronounced upon her, ' Thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee'—Gen. iii. 16,—redoubled, by the ignorance and tyranny of man. I presume our readers are aware that some nations to-day deny her claims to immortality, whose laws T BE E SHAKER. 7 make merchandize of her, a condition m which her highest prerogative is to be a slave. Shocking barbarity! But how much does civilized man improve upon this, while he denies her any rights but such as he chooses to grant ? His conception of how she majr subserve his interest or pleasure may be more elevated than that of the Hindoo or Mussulman, but while he claims the prerogative of ruling her absolutely, for his own pleasure or interest, is not the principle the same ? It is suggested that benevolence and love on the part of man should be sufficient to guarantee justice to woman. Though this were true, still woman has inalienable rights as natural and sacred as those accorded to man. And rights which man by law or otherwise has no right to infringe upon. We are aware that a just conception of woman's true sphere has increased with the progress of civilization, as indeed it always must. But we must not conclude from this that perfection has been attained. Never! until we wash our hands clean from the rust and barbarism of ages of error, and practically confess to the principle that the rights of nature and justice, are paramount to the long established rights of custom or power. My friends ! the right of power is the tyrant that waves his iron sceptre over earth's suffering millions, consigns the destiny of thousands to the nod of one, tramples on the weak and oppressed, and robs the defenceless. The history of woman's unnatural slavery to this principle, is the history of the infamy and degradation of our race, in all ages, and among all nations. The increasing interest in, and agitation of the subject of woman's rights, woman suffrage, &amp;c, are convincing evidence that the waters of truth are troubled, and a living prophecy that progress will be made in this direction. But we believe that woman's true sphere can be fully comprehended only by those who recognize the fact that God is mother as well as father. The promulgation of correct views of deity must ultimately result in the proper elevation of woman, arid of a consequence, the race. And thus through the ushering in of a purer and higher social system of righteousness and peace, we look for the dawn of the Glorious Millennium. C. E. S.