Shaker Sermon—No. 1 BY H. L. EADES, SOUTH UNION, KENTUCKY I begin my discourse to-day with the enunciation of two or three aphorisms; neither of which, I presume, any honest, unbiased mind of ordinary comprehension will have an inclination to gainsay; they consist of a simple declaration of the harmony of truth. 1st. All truths harmonize, spiritual and natural; one truth cannot be opposed to another truth; hence, any two statements or propositions that antagonize or conflict, one or the other, or both must be false. 2d. In the end, nothing but truth will have been or can be advantageous to any soul; hence, it would be wisdom in us to cast off all prejudice and prepossession, and make any required sacrifice to obtain the ' knowledge of the truth,' especially that sacred truth by which we expect to obtain our redemption and the salvation of the soul. It is necessary that some of our discourses should be mainly argumentative or theological, from the fact, that mere declaration of truth, scriptural or otherwise, does not in this day seem to satisfy the inquisitive mind, and people must learn to think correctly before they can either speak or act correctly. 'Well nigh two centuries ago a certain philosopher penned the following: 1st. That a man use no words but such as he makes the sign of a certain determined object in his mind in thinking, which he can make known to another. 2d. That he use the same word steadily for the sign of the same immediate object of his mind in thinking. 3d. That he join those words together in propositions, according to the grammatical rules of the language he speaks in. 4th. That he unites those sentences into a coherent discourse. Thus, and thus only, I humbly conceive, any one may preserve himself from the confines and suspicions of jargon. Were all men to observe this rule, which I most sincerely approve, there would be but little difference among men on any subject; with their terms clearly denned, strictly applied and adhered to, no two really honest men can very widely differ ; each would yield in turn in theology and ethics, just as they are compelled to do in mathematics. Every rational creature will admit that the salvation of the soul is, or should be, paramount to every earthly consideration whatever, and he who fails in the attainment of this, fails in all, and he who is fortunate enough to secure this, lacks in nothing that is worth contending for : ' For what is a man profited if he shall gain the whole world and lose his own soul ? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?' Matt, xvi: 26. Since, then, from these words of our Saviour, a man's soul is of more value to him than all worlds beside, he ought to be willing to forsake the world, with all its habits, customs, maxims, and practices, for his soul's sake. It appears that this globe now contains over 1,000,000,000 souls, and there are 1,100 dif- ferent religions; one creed, if I may so speak, for every hundred millions, differing from all the rest; and, as there cannot be but one right way, a hollow cry comes up from the ' vasty deep,' asking which one of the 1,100 is right; because any line diverging in the minutest degree from the right one viust be wrong, and the further it is traveled the more distant the traveler will be from the right way. Hence it becomes a matter of the utmost importance for each one to know he is right—not to guess at it, but know it. You will ask me, then, if there is any possibility of acquiring this knowledge. To which 1 give an affirmative answer. In the words of the Saviour, as to doctrine, he says : ' My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me. If any man will do his will, he shall knoiv of the doctrine whether it be of God,' &amp;c. Matt, iii: 8. Not guess at it, but know. As to his true disciples and followers, he has given us one criterion or mark—and one only—by which they are to be known—' Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns or figs of thistles ?' But after all this, and without troubling yourselves to look into the different sects for the good fruits, which are the only real evidence, you rest in your easy chair, simply saying you know, The Good must merit God's peculiar care, Yet who but God can tell us which they are ? thus giving evidence of one of two conditions, viz: Your own lukewarmness and lack of interest in your soul's salvation, or your infidelity respecting the existence of any religious body where those fruits can be found ; and some of you, when you have found the fruits and acknowledge them, then fault the doctrine —at the same time acknowledge you do not keep the commandments of God; and it is only such that should know of the doctrines or should presume to judge them. Nearly all men agree that among the thousand different forms of religious belief, some one must be right, and as before said, the consequence is, that every other one that essentially differs, must be wrong, and inadequate to the purposes of salvation. Every religious system has for its foundation or formation, some reference to a Supreme Being or Beings, who is, or are, able to reward them for well doing, and punish them for evil doing; and as this seems to be the beginning of religion itself, I propose to offer a few remarks on this subject. I shall try to remember what I said in the beginning, respecting the necessity of having distinct ideas in the mind, defining terms, &amp;c, for I by no means wish to leave the thoughtful part of the audience, especially, in the dark respecting my own position. Leaving, for the present, all others aside, I bring myself to the ground called Christian, whose religious systems have taken form from this book—the old and new Testaments, and so multiplied are the forms derived from the same reading, that it seems almost to justify the remark, that Faith, gospel, all seemed made to be disputed, And none had sense enough to be confuted. I am not so uncharitable as to conclude that this state of things has arisen entirely from the dishonesty of the race, but rather more from education, prepossession, and a want of distinct ideas, clear definition of terms, and their consistent application. Every critical Bible student cannot fail to have taken cognizance of this truth: that throughout sacred writ, God is spoken of in two senses, the infinite and the finite, or subordinate sense. Thus, whenever God is spoken of as coming, going, traveling personally from one place to another, it then must be under- stood in the finite or subordinate sense; because in this sense he is considered as being less than something else. If he travel, there must be some place where he is not, to which, he is going; hence, he must be circumscribed. We cannot help associating with such being, the idea of extension, figure, size, &amp;c.—such as angel or man. Also, when God is represented as having forgotten something, not knowing, or changing his mind or purpose, it is understood as speaking of God subordinate, not infinite. Of the Infinite, or Supreme Being, it is truly said, 'His purposes alter not —He is without change or shadow of turning.' The same holy writ makes the distinction clear by the saying of Christ, when accused by the Jews of making himself God. He showed them that they were ' called gods unto whom the word of God came.' Moses was God to the children of Israel in this subordinate sense : ' And the Lord said unto Moses, see, I have made thee a God to Pharaoh ; and Aaron, thy brother, shall be thy prophet,' &amp;c. Exodus vii: 1. Joshua was called Jehovah— Elijah, God the Lord, &amp;c. To the careful reader, the distinction is clear. But God, when spoken of as ' the All and in all,' ' in whom we live and move and have our being,' He is then understood as the ' Eternal Unity,' the 'Infinite Jehovah,' and he it is whom we have assembled here to-day to worship, and Him only. Almost without exception, every intelligent, unbiased mind with whom I have come in contact, acknowledges that God, in the supreme sense, is Infinite Spirit—indivisible, immutable, uncaused, selfexistent, omniscient, and omnipresent—filling immensity—the creator and arbiter of the universe, permeating all worlds and all existences at all times, which removes the necessity of his going and coming. But, strange as it must appear, many good-meaning persons, after this admission, stultify themselves by admitting a plurality of supremes or divisibility in the Su- preme, to favor some theological dogma or scheme of redemption they have fixed in their own minds, or others have fixed for them. Tho merest tyro, having taken but his first lesson in inductive philosophy, cannot help realizing the fact that an infinite existence is indivisible. Truth never conflicts. The term infinite signifies without bounds. This seems to be either forgotten or ignored. We say of space that it is infinite, but draw a line through it; we then have two finite spaces, when infinite space disappears. I know it may be argued that a line beginning at a given point and extending in any direction without end, may be called an infinite line, and that this idea might, by parity of reason, be applied to dividing space; 14 THE SHA.KER. 15 and even should this be conceded as sound reasoning, which I deny, the same cannot be applied to an infinite being or existence. Thus, I think it clearly demonstrates that such a thing as an infinite plurality, or plurality of infinites, is impossible. I am aware that we are believed to hold to the dogma of duality in in deity, male and female (!) I will try to clear this point. It is admitted by us all that the attributes ascribed to Deity, some are considered masculine, some feminine; and hence comes the idea of father and mother of the universe. We admit the revelation of these attributes of the Eternal Unity by son and daughter; that is to say, God as Father, or the fatherly character of God was revealed by the Son, Christ Jesus, and God us. mother, or the motherly character of God was revealed by the daughter {Ann Lee). Thus, 'God manifest in the flesh;' not of man only, but also of woman, male and female, constitute the duality of God, and dual only in this subordinate sense. Being equally manifest in and through finite human beings, who are dual, male and female. Thus the apparently con- flicting ideas of unity and duality are reconciled. In this I can perceive nothing irrational, nothing but what any dispassionate, reasonable mind would readily admit. I will, however, very frankly admit, that for any man to declare that God in the highest sense was the Eternal Unity, and afterwards declare that He was the Eternal Duality, or Eternal Trinity (Eternal Three), that such man would stultify himself because either of the latter would precisely negative the former, and we should not know at last what man did believe. These two ideas of unity and plurality in the supreme and infinite sense, would constitute a formidable and an irreconcilable feature in the theology of any man or sect. I fully concur in the remarks of John Locke on this subject. ** Every deity that men own above one is an infallible evidence of their ignorance of him, and a proof that they have no true notion of God (in the highest sense) where unity, infiniity, and eternity are excluded.' But if, as Christ says, 'they were called gods, unto whom the word of God came, that the scriptures might not be broken,' I have no difficulty in applying this high term in the subordinate sense to the Son of God. Nor would I exclude Jeremiah from among the number of the ' prophets of the Lord,' for applying the same high title to the daughter. ' This is the name whereby she shall be called. The Lord our righteousness.' Jer. xxxiii: 16. Perhaps I have drawn too largely on your patience, but I wished to make a fair beginning, to leave no one in the dark, to carp at our doctrines without understanding them We claim that the son and daughter already named now stand at the head of the new creation of God, and we, their children, in the 'unity of the spirit and bond of peace,' are striving to follow their example, by obeying their teaching and walking as they walked and by so doing have found that peace which this world can neither give nor take away and may become ' heirs and joint heirs witl Christ,' who has said: ' Be of good cheer br I have overcome the world;' the 'prince of this world cometh and hath nothing in me; ' ' and to him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, as I also overcome, and am sit down with my Father in his throne.' Rev. iii: 21. These are the great and glorious promises to all who will take up a daily cross and follow Christ in the regeneration ; not generation, but regeneration; not to those who have a blind faith in his atoning blood and still lead a worldly life, but it is to those who 'c walked even as he walked,' and have followed him in the regeneration. And the invitation is now extended to every sinsick soul; to everyone who 'panteth after righteousness as the hart for the waterbrook ' we say come, ' without money or without price,' and 'partake of the waters of life freely,' for now has come salvation, and the kingdom of our God and the power of Christ.