POETICAL Spirit Examination What is in thy heart for God ? Search its depths, and see If them hast a place for Him, Kept in purity. 'Mid the treasures of thy life— Treasures without strife— Hast thou ever for the Lord, A willing sacrifice ? What is iiji thy heart for God ? Are thy joys of earth ? Or hast thou deep happiness Of enduring worth ? And art thou a fruitful branch— Of the living tree, Clothed with innocence, with peace And true humility ? What is in thy heart for God ? Do thy hopes ascend Unto truth, and holiness That shall never end? Is thy love a living fount, Gushing, bright and clear ? Doth the image of the Lord Within its source appear ? All /have I give to God, And his blessed cause ; Praying, that my life may be Guided by his laws. Lead me, holy spirit, down, 'Till I see my loss. Strengthen me, to do the work That cometh by the cross. C. D., Mt. L., N. H. Together we began to tread... During the month of January, 1871, the angels said ' Come !' to two interesting young sisters—Marietta Moore and Mary J. Maffit, of Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Among the treasures of the latter was found the following tribute from one of her companions—Charlotte—whose affection we here make public, without her knowledge: Together we began to tread The consecrated ground; Together entered here, the home, Where grace and truth abound. Together we have sought for faith, Conviction, power, and light; Together asked for angel's strength, To guide us in the right. Together we have toiled, to earn The love that is so pure, Which clothes the soul with patience true All sorrows to endure. But now doth sickness intervene, To part us for a time ; Still we will struggle to possess The angel-life, divine. True love and friendship shall not cease For you, my sister dear; Though you maj'enter into realms, Beyond this mortal sphere— We still will seek, as one in Christ, For purity and grace; For light and truth, our souls to guide— Our errors to erase. And / will pray, and you will pray, That we may brighter grow ; And, while you toil in yonder home, I'll toil in mine below. Now, dear companion, take my love ; I'll help to bear you through ; And spirit friends will bear you hence, To scenes of fairer view.