'If All Should be Shakers.' Are the Shakers running the world out ? The assertion has been made so frequently, that it is a matter of moment to know of its truth. Regardless of the number of population, the Shakers have maintained their testimony of celibacy, since the days of their founder—Ann Lee; with a knowledge, that to ' come down from this cross, might cause all men to believe on them,' yet with the certain presentation, that to do so, would pull from under the Christian character, its prime virtue—its foundation. We are aware that it is the duty of the followers of the first Adam to replenish the earth; in the fullest meaning of that word—to give glory unto God in the perfect fruits of their bodies. We are as fully aware that duty calls on the disciples of the second Adam—' The Lord from heaven, a quickening spirit,' to rise up from the earthly plane of physical production and reproduction, and cultivate a life that has an eternal character. Reproduction is an earthly practice and duty; to those who choose to remain on this low plane, they are welcome to all the pleasure it affords them—the pleasure is earthly, transient, not heavenly, eternal. Connected with the duty of earthly beings, ' to replenish and subdue the earth,' is the requirement that their reproductions shall be an honor to the father and the mother engaged in this earthly avocation ; to be such, it is necessary that parents present to the earth only ' sound minds in healthy bodies;' every chile born and to be born, has this right of demand upon its progenitors. Is tlii demand complied with generally or particularly ? We say not; and if we are right in so judging, the present reproductions of humanity do not replenish the earth, but tend to deteriorate the race— 'run the world out!' But were we al able to produce, through our generations, &gt;erfect specimens of humanity, this would &gt;e no argument that we should engage in t as long and as fully as our ability would permit. The child of nature ceases after a time to be a child, and dons the character of naturity. The child of the Spirit grows out of and above the pleasures snd employments of the child of earth, and finds superior joys in the exercise of its eternal affections. What once appeared as duty, repixjduction, ceases to be such ; and a new element being found, regeneration, a degradation is experienced in retreating back to the elements and practices of an earthly being. ' He that is down,' on the plane of sensuality, ' needs fear no fall from it;' but those who, having tasted of the powers of the world to come, who like Jesus have been taught of a superior way, resurrected thereto, and experience eternal life, oh, what a fall is theirs, to return, like a dog to his vomit, to engage in the practices of a being beneath them ! Marriage is honorable, but not Christian. Marriage is believed by multitudes to be God-ordained for the replenishing of the earth. Let its advocates carefully carry out the provision, in all conscience, agreeably to the Mosaic statutes, then are they good Jews. But there is no law that can make them Christians—even . poor Christians ! If the Shakers, by abstaining from marriage *' are running the world out,' let it run; we think Christianity a preferable institution—as Jesus is more honorable than Adam; and when the charge of running the world out rises in the mind as an argument against Shakerism, let crusaders think how much more populous the earth would be, if all should live the life of that Christian exemplar, saying naught of the poor, despised Shakers. *