MISCELLANEOUS Shaker Sermon—No. 1 BY H. L. EADES, SOUTH UNION, KENTUCKY I begin my discourse to-day with the enunciation of two or three aphorisms; neither of which, I presume, any honest, unbiased mind of ordinary comprehension will have an inclination to gainsay; they consist of a simple declaration of the harmony of truth. 1st. All truths harmonize, spiritual and natural; one truth cannot be opposed to another truth; hence, any two statements or propositions that antagonize or conflict, one or the other, or both must be false. 2d. In the end, nothing but truth will have been or can be advantageous to any soul; hence, it would be wisdom in us to cast off all prejudice and prepossession, and make any required sacrifice to obtain the ' knowledge of the truth,' especially that sacred truth by which we expect to obtain our redemption and the salvation of the soul. It is necessary that some of our discourses should be mainly argumentative or theological, from the fact, that mere declaration of truth, scriptural or otherwise, does not in this day seem to satisfy the inquisitive mind, and people must learn to think correctly before they can either speak or act correctly. 'Well nigh two centuries ago a certain philosopher penned the following: 1st. That a man use no words but such as he makes the sign of a certain determined object in his mind in thinking, which he can make known to another. 2d. That he use the same word steadily for the sign of the same immediate object of his mind in thinking. 3d. That he join those words together in propositions, according to the grammatical rules of the language he speaks in. 4th. That he unites those sentences into a coherent discourse. Thus, and thus only, I humbly conceive, any one may preserve himself from the confines and suspicions of jargon. Were all men to observe this rule, which I most sincerely approve, there would be but little difference among men on any subject; with their terms clearly denned, strictly applied and adhered to, no two really honest men can very widely differ ; each would yield in turn in theology and ethics, just as they are compelled to do in mathematics. Every rational creature will admit that the salvation of the soul is, or should be, paramount to every earthly consideration whatever, and he who fails in the attainment of this, fails in all, and he who is fortunate enough to secure this, lacks in nothing that is worth contending for : ' For what is a man profited if he shall gain the whole world and lose his own soul ? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?' Matt, xvi: 26. Since, then, from these words of our Saviour, a man's soul is of more value to him than all worlds beside, he ought to be willing to forsake the world, with all its habits, customs, maxims, and practices, for his soul's sake. It appears that this globe now contains over 1,000,000,000 souls, and there are 1,100 dif- ferent religions; one creed, if I may so speak, for every hundred millions, differing from all the rest; and, as there cannot be but one right way, a hollow cry comes up from the ' vasty deep,' asking which one of the 1,100 is right; because any line diverging in the minutest degree from the right one viust be wrong, and the further it is traveled the more distant the traveler will be from the right way. Hence it becomes a matter of the utmost importance for each one to know he is right—not to guess at it, but know it. You will ask me, then, if there is any possibility of acquiring this knowledge. To which 1 give an affirmative answer. In the words of the Saviour, as to doctrine, he says : ' My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me. If any man will do his will, he shall knoiv of the doctrine whether it be of God,' &amp;c. Matt, iii: 8. Not guess at it, but know. As to his true disciples and followers, he has given us one criterion or mark—and one only—by which they are to be known—' Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns or figs of thistles ?' But after all this, and without troubling yourselves to look into the different sects for the good fruits, which are the only real evidence, you rest in your easy chair, simply saying you know, The Good must merit God's peculiar care, Yet who but God can tell us which they are ? thus giving evidence of one of two conditions, viz: Your own lukewarmness and lack of interest in your soul's salvation, or your infidelity respecting the existence of any religious body where those fruits can be found ; and some of you, when you have found the fruits and acknowledge them, then fault the doctrine —at the same time acknowledge you do not keep the commandments of God; and it is only such that should know of the doctrines or should presume to judge them. Nearly all men agree that among the thousand different forms of religious belief, some one must be right, and as before said, the consequence is, that every other one that essentially differs, must be wrong, and inadequate to the purposes of salvation. Every religious system has for its foundation or formation, some reference to a Supreme Being or Beings, who is, or are, able to reward them for well doing, and punish them for evil doing; and as this seems to be the beginning of religion itself, I propose to offer a few remarks on this subject. I shall try to remember what I said in the beginning, respecting the necessity of having distinct ideas in the mind, defining terms, &amp;c, for I by no means wish to leave the thoughtful part of the audience, especially, in the dark respecting my own position. Leaving, for the present, all others aside, I bring myself to the ground called Christian, whose religious systems have taken form from this book—the old and new Testaments, and so multiplied are the forms derived from the same reading, that it seems almost to justify the remark, that Faith, gospel, all seemed made to be disputed, And none had sense enough to be confuted. I am not so uncharitable as to conclude that this state of things has arisen entirely from the dishonesty of the race, but rather more from education, prepossession, and a want of distinct ideas, clear definition of terms, and their consistent application. Every critical Bible student cannot fail to have taken cognizance of this truth: that throughout sacred writ, God is spoken of in two senses, the infinite and the finite, or subordinate sense. Thus, whenever God is spoken of as coming, going, traveling personally from one place to another, it then must be under- stood in the finite or subordinate sense; because in this sense he is considered as being less than something else. If he travel, there must be some place where he is not, to which, he is going; hence, he must be circumscribed. We cannot help associating with such being, the idea of extension, figure, size, &amp;c.—such as angel or man. Also, when God is represented as having forgotten something, not knowing, or changing his mind or purpose, it is understood as speaking of God subordinate, not infinite. Of the Infinite, or Supreme Being, it is truly said, 'His purposes alter not —He is without change or shadow of turning.' The same holy writ makes the distinction clear by the saying of Christ, when accused by the Jews of making himself God. He showed them that they were ' called gods unto whom the word of God came.' Moses was God to the children of Israel in this subordinate sense : ' And the Lord said unto Moses, see, I have made thee a God to Pharaoh ; and Aaron, thy brother, shall be thy prophet,' &amp;c. Exodus vii: 1. Joshua was called Jehovah— Elijah, God the Lord, &amp;c. To the careful reader, the distinction is clear. But God, when spoken of as ' the All and in all,' ' in whom we live and move and have our being,' He is then understood as the ' Eternal Unity,' the 'Infinite Jehovah,' and he it is whom we have assembled here to-day to worship, and Him only. Almost without exception, every intelligent, unbiased mind with whom I have come in contact, acknowledges that God, in the supreme sense, is Infinite Spirit—indivisible, immutable, uncaused, selfexistent, omniscient, and omnipresent—filling immensity—the creator and arbiter of the universe, permeating all worlds and all existences at all times, which removes the necessity of his going and coming. But, strange as it must appear, many good-meaning persons, after this admission, stultify themselves by admitting a plurality of supremes or divisibility in the Su- preme, to favor some theological dogma or scheme of redemption they have fixed in their own minds, or others have fixed for them. Tho merest tyro, having taken but his first lesson in inductive philosophy, cannot help realizing the fact that an infinite existence is indivisible. Truth never conflicts. The term infinite signifies without bounds. This seems to be either forgotten or ignored. We say of space that it is infinite, but draw a line through it; we then have two finite spaces, when infinite space disappears. I know it may be argued that a line beginning at a given point and extending in any direction without end, may be called an infinite line, and that this idea might, by parity of reason, be applied to dividing space; 14 THE SHA.KER. 15 and even should this be conceded as sound reasoning, which I deny, the same cannot be applied to an infinite being or existence. Thus, I think it clearly demonstrates that such a thing as an infinite plurality, or plurality of infinites, is impossible. I am aware that we are believed to hold to the dogma of duality in in deity, male and female (!) I will try to clear this point. It is admitted by us all that the attributes ascribed to Deity, some are considered masculine, some feminine; and hence comes the idea of father and mother of the universe. We admit the revelation of these attributes of the Eternal Unity by son and daughter; that is to say, God as Father, or the fatherly character of God was revealed by the Son, Christ Jesus, and God us. mother, or the motherly character of God was revealed by the daughter {Ann Lee). Thus, 'God manifest in the flesh;' not of man only, but also of woman, male and female, constitute the duality of God, and dual only in this subordinate sense. Being equally manifest in and through finite human beings, who are dual, male and female. Thus the apparently con- flicting ideas of unity and duality are reconciled. In this I can perceive nothing irrational, nothing but what any dispassionate, reasonable mind would readily admit. I will, however, very frankly admit, that for any man to declare that God in the highest sense was the Eternal Unity, and afterwards declare that He was the Eternal Duality, or Eternal Trinity (Eternal Three), that such man would stultify himself because either of the latter would precisely negative the former, and we should not know at last what man did believe. These two ideas of unity and plurality in the supreme and infinite sense, would constitute a formidable and an irreconcilable feature in the theology of any man or sect. I fully concur in the remarks of John Locke on this subject. ** Every deity that men own above one is an infallible evidence of their ignorance of him, and a proof that they have no true notion of God (in the highest sense) where unity, infiniity, and eternity are excluded.' But if, as Christ says, 'they were called gods, unto whom the word of God came, that the scriptures might not be broken,' I have no difficulty in applying this high term in the subordinate sense to the Son of God. Nor would I exclude Jeremiah from among the number of the ' prophets of the Lord,' for applying the same high title to the daughter. ' This is the name whereby she shall be called. The Lord our righteousness.' Jer. xxxiii: 16. Perhaps I have drawn too largely on your patience, but I wished to make a fair beginning, to leave no one in the dark, to carp at our doctrines without understanding them We claim that the son and daughter already named now stand at the head of the new creation of God, and we, their children, in the 'unity of the spirit and bond of peace,' are striving to follow their example, by obeying their teaching and walking as they walked and by so doing have found that peace which this world can neither give nor take away and may become ' heirs and joint heirs witl Christ,' who has said: ' Be of good cheer br I have overcome the world;' the 'prince of this world cometh and hath nothing in me; ' ' and to him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, as I also overcome, and am sit down with my Father in his throne.' Rev. iii: 21. These are the great and glorious promises to all who will take up a daily cross and follow Christ in the regeneration ; not generation, but regeneration; not to those who have a blind faith in his atoning blood and still lead a worldly life, but it is to those who 'c walked even as he walked,' and have followed him in the regeneration. And the invitation is now extended to every sinsick soul; to everyone who 'panteth after righteousness as the hart for the waterbrook ' we say come, ' without money or without price,' and 'partake of the waters of life freely,' for now has come salvation, and the kingdom of our God and the power of Christ. 'If All Should be Shakers.' Are the Shakers running the world out ? The assertion has been made so frequently, that it is a matter of moment to know of its truth. Regardless of the number of population, the Shakers have maintained their testimony of celibacy, since the days of their founder—Ann Lee; with a knowledge, that to ' come down from this cross, might cause all men to believe on them,' yet with the certain presentation, that to do so, would pull from under the Christian character, its prime virtue—its foundation. We are aware that it is the duty of the followers of the first Adam to replenish the earth; in the fullest meaning of that word—to give glory unto God in the perfect fruits of their bodies. We are as fully aware that duty calls on the disciples of the second Adam—' The Lord from heaven, a quickening spirit,' to rise up from the earthly plane of physical production and reproduction, and cultivate a life that has an eternal character. Reproduction is an earthly practice and duty; to those who choose to remain on this low plane, they are welcome to all the pleasure it affords them—the pleasure is earthly, transient, not heavenly, eternal. Connected with the duty of earthly beings, ' to replenish and subdue the earth,' is the requirement that their reproductions shall be an honor to the father and the mother engaged in this earthly avocation ; to be such, it is necessary that parents present to the earth only ' sound minds in healthy bodies;' every chile born and to be born, has this right of demand upon its progenitors. Is tlii demand complied with generally or particularly ? We say not; and if we are right in so judging, the present reproductions of humanity do not replenish the earth, but tend to deteriorate the race— 'run the world out!' But were we al able to produce, through our generations, &gt;erfect specimens of humanity, this would &gt;e no argument that we should engage in t as long and as fully as our ability would permit. The child of nature ceases after a time to be a child, and dons the character of naturity. The child of the Spirit grows out of and above the pleasures snd employments of the child of earth, and finds superior joys in the exercise of its eternal affections. What once appeared as duty, repixjduction, ceases to be such ; and a new element being found, regeneration, a degradation is experienced in retreating back to the elements and practices of an earthly being. ' He that is down,' on the plane of sensuality, ' needs fear no fall from it;' but those who, having tasted of the powers of the world to come, who like Jesus have been taught of a superior way, resurrected thereto, and experience eternal life, oh, what a fall is theirs, to return, like a dog to his vomit, to engage in the practices of a being beneath them ! Marriage is honorable, but not Christian. Marriage is believed by multitudes to be God-ordained for the replenishing of the earth. Let its advocates carefully carry out the provision, in all conscience, agreeably to the Mosaic statutes, then are they good Jews. But there is no law that can make them Christians—even . poor Christians ! If the Shakers, by abstaining from marriage *' are running the world out,' let it run; we think Christianity a preferable institution—as Jesus is more honorable than Adam; and when the charge of running the world out rises in the mind as an argument against Shakerism, let crusaders think how much more populous the earth would be, if all should live the life of that Christian exemplar, saying naught of the poor, despised Shakers. * It is no more than bare justice to say, that we are indebted to the Shakers... 'It is no more than bare justice to say, that we are indebted to the Shakers, more than any or all other social architects of modern times. Their success has been the ' specie basis' that has upheld all the paper theories, and counteracted the failures of the French and English schools. It is very doubtful, whether Owenism or Fourierism would have ever existed, or if they had, whether they would have moved the practical American mind, if the facts of Shakerism had not existed before them. While we say the Rappites, the Zoarites, the Ebenezers, Owenites, and even the Fourierists are all echoes of the Shakers, we must also say that the Shakers are the far-off echoes of the Primitive Christian Church.' — J. H. Noyes A Concise Statement {Concluded.') They that believed in Christ's gospel, and were obedient to that form of doctrine which was taught them ; by denying all ungodliness and worldly lusts; and became entirely dead to the law by the body of Christ, or power of the Holy Ghost, were in the travail of the resurrection from the dead; or the redemption of the body. So that they who took up a full cross against the world, flesh, and devil, and who forsook all for Christ's sake, and followed him in the regeneration, by persevering in that line of obedience to the end, found the resurrection from the dead, and eternal salvation in that dispensation; but as the measure of that dispensation was only as water to the loins, the mystery of God not finished ; but there was another day prophe- sied of, called the second appearance of Christ, or final and last display of God's grace to a lost world: in which the mystery of God should be finished as he has spoken by his prophets since the world began : which day could not come, except there was a falling away from that faith and power that the church then stood in; in which time antichrist was to have his reign, whom Christ should destroy with the spirit of his mouth and brightness of his appearance : which falling away began soon after the apostles, and gradually increased in the church, until about four hundred and fifty-seven years from Christ's birth, or thereabouts, at which time the power of the Holy People, or church of Christ, was scattered or lost by reason of transgression: and antichrist, or false religion became established. Since that time the witnesses of Christ have prophesied in sackloth or under darkness; and altho' many have been faithful to testify against sin, even to the laying down of their lives for the testi- mony which they held, so that God accepted them in their obedience: while they were faithful and just to live or walk up to the measure of light and truth of God, revealed or made known unto them, but as it is written, that all they that will live godly in Christ Jesus, shall suffer persecution : and so it has been, and those faithful witnesses lost their lives by those falsely called the church of Christ: which is antichrist; for the true church of Christ never persecuted any; but were inoffensive, harmless, separate from sin : for the true church of Christ taking up their cross against the world, flesh, and devil, and all sin, living in obedience to God, they earnestly contend for the same. Therefore it may be plainly seen and known, where the true church of Christ is : but as it is written, antichrist or false churches should prevail against the saints and overcome them before Christ's second appearance, 2 Thess. ii, 3. Let no man deceive you by any means, for that day shall not come except there come a falling away first; and that man of sin be revealed, ths son of perdition, Rev. xiii: 7. And it was given unto him to overcome them, and power was given him over all kindreds, tongues, and nations; and this is the state Christ prophesied the world of mankind should be in, at his second appearance, Luke xvii. 26. And as it was in the dayofNoe, so shall it be in the days of the Son of Man, verse 30. Even so shall it be in the day when the Son of Man is revealed : plainly referring to his second appearance to consume or destroy antichrist, and make a final end of sin, and establish his kingdom upon earth: but as the revelation of Christ must be in his people, whom he had chosen to be his body, to give testimony of him and to preach his gospel to a lost world. 4th. The fourth dispensation or day is the second appearance of Christ, or final, or last display of God's grace to a lost world, in which the mystery of God will be finished and a decisive work, to the final salvation, or damnation of all the children of men : which according to the prophecies rightly calculated, and truly understood, began in the year of our Saviour Jesus Christ, 1747. See Daniel and the Revelations. In the manner follow- ing, 1st. To a number, in the manifestation of great light and mighty trembling by the invisible power of God, and visions, and revelations, and prophecies which has progressively increased, with administration of all those spiritual gifts, that were administered to the apostles at the day of pentecost : which is the comforter that has led us into all truth : which was promised to abide with the true church of Christ unto the end of the world, and by which we find baptism into Christ's death; death to all sin, become alive to God, by the power of Christ's resurrection which worketh in us mightily; by which a dispensation of the gospel is committed unto us ; and woe be unto us if we preach not the gospel of Christ. For in finding so great a salvation and deliverance from the law of sin and death in believing and obeying this gospel which is the gospel of Christ, in confessing and forsaking all sin and denying ourselves and bearing the cross of Christ, against the world, flesh, and devil. We have found repentance of all our sins; and are made partakers of the grace of God wherein we now stand : which all others in believing and obeying, have acceptance with God, and find salvation from their sins as well as we; God being no respecter of persons, but willing that all should come to the knowledge of the truth, and be saved. Thus we have given a short information of what we believe of the dispensations of God's grace to mankind, both past and present: and in what manner the people of God have found justifi- cation or acceptance with God, which was and is still in believing and obeying the light and truth of God, revealed or made known in the day or dispensation in which it is revealed: for as the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness, and unrighteousness of men, who hold the truth in unrighteousness or live in any known sin against him; so his mercy and grace is towards all them that truly fear him, and turn from all their sins, by confessing, forsaking, and repenting, which is the way and manner in which all must find the forgiveness of their sins, and acceptance with God thro' our Lord Jesus Christ, or finally fail of the grace of God; and that salvation which is brought to light by the gospel. But to conclude, in short, as we believe, and do testify, that the present gospel of God's grace unto us is the day which in the scripture, is spoken or prophesied of, as the second appearing of Christ to consume or destroy antichrist, or false religion, and to make an end of the reigning power of sin (for he that commiteth sin is the servant of sin and Satan) over the children of men : and to establish his kingdom, and that righteousness that will stand forever: and that the present display of the work and power of God, will increase until it is manifest to all; which it must be in due time: for erery eye shall see him ; and he will reward every man according to his deeds : and none can stand in sin or unrighteousness, but in that righteousness which is pure and holy; even without fault before the throne of God which is obtained by grace, through faith in obedience to the truth of the everlasting gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ, in denying all ungodliness and worldly lusts; by confessing all sin, and taking up the cross of Christ, against the world, flesh, and devil. 'J. M., 1798.'