A Dialogue Written for, and rehearsed at an Annual Social Gathering, in Canaan Pine Grove, N. Y., by Ann, Martha, Mary J., Charlotte, Melissa, Margaret, Sarah and Catharine. (Continued.') M.—Tn connection with our subject there are three words I would like to ask the meaning of; they are Agriculture, Horticulture and Aboriculture. Mar.—I should think you would know the meaning of Agriculture, as we have dwelt on that subject some time. M.—I want to know the direct significance of the term in connection with the others. Mar.—Agriculture is the broad term for the cultivation of the farm. It is the art of tilling and manuring the ground; and consisting in sowing, mowing, reaping, &amp;c, also the management of different soils, and the cultivatioi of forest timber. It is said that the highes encomium that could be given to a man o Rome, was, that he cultivated his own spot o ground well! The most illustrious among hem applied themselves to it, and their dictaors were taken from the plow. C.—Horticulture is simply the art ofculti'ating gardens. Mary—Aboriculture is the art of cultivating rees and shrubs. S.—As you have introduced the subject of Aboriculture, I would be pleased to know omething in reference to trees; I could scarcely tell the names of those under whose oroad canopj^ ^e are now so nicely sheltered (looking up), but, I believe I do know the beautiful maple, the stately pine, and a few others. A.—It is necessarj^, not only to know trees by their leaves, but by the formation of their bark, their texture, grain of their wood and ;heir uses. Char.—I think that Sarah will have to ap3ly to Mary for information, as she, unlike ner companions, always lived on woodland, where she undoubtedly acquired a knowledge of trees which we have not. Mary.—'Tis true, that, Away from artificial life— Far from the city's din and strife, I had a home 'mid forests grand, The beauteous works of nature's hand; There 'neath the leafy bower I often strayed, And some acquaintance with the trees have made. Xor is my homeless beautiful now, although more in the region of cultivation ; and I purposely selected some leaves, which I will present to see if any or all could tell the names of the trees from which they were gathered. (They are passed around, the names are all told). S.—I do not know all of them, but recognize the leaves of the fruit trees. M.—I know more of the leaves, than I should of the wood, if you had brought specimens. Mary.—We will no doubt feel an increasing interest in the study of aboriculture, and may pursue it to some extent, in examining trees and shrubs. A.— Very litt'e I know on the subject, but an interest is being awakened in my mind, especially as our home is becoming more and more beautified, by the increase of forest and shade trees, which have been set out within a few years. Our Union Grove seems to be an object of admiration, so rapid is its growth under the care and culture of its guardian. Martha.—It might properly be called an Arboretum ; but we prefer calling it by the simple name of Union Grove. I have been located on the cast side of the dwelling ever since the first saplings were set out (bean poles we called them), so meagre was their appearance, and even thought it would be a good plan to set some scarlet runners around them to relieve the monotony of the scene, anc then it would be a point of economy in saving the gardener's labor ; at the same time using the soil, for we were certain that the trees would never come to anything! But good Elder Frederick Evans never entertained such an idea; he set them out to grow, and grow they did, luxuriantly ! Bathed in the morning sunlight, watered by frequent showers, and under careful cultivation, they have attained a surprising growth, being interspersed with a variety of fruit and forest trees equally thrifty. I almost imagine, sometimes, that a miniature Eden is before me. Contemplating the scene one beautiful Sabbath morning, I penned the following lines, which (if you would like to hear them) I will ask Margaret to read. All.—(We would.) Mar.—I can repeat them— (She repeats)—' I have watched, with interest, the growth of yonder tree, since first transplanted, a sapling, from its native forest. It was set with care in its new abode; down in the soil its fibrous roots struck deeply, and coursed their way around the crevices of rocks and through the fallow ground. Nurtured by frequent showers, the broad, free sunlight and a healthy atmosphere, its branches spread with rapid growth, and each successive year increased to profusion the richest foliage. Oft has the pruning knife, in the hands of the careful cultivator, lopped the surplus twigs, that it might attain symmetr}r of form and strength of limb. Xow, how beautiful to behold ! supple in every part, yielding to the gentle zephyrs, each leaf with graceful motion moves; or 'neath the power of the mighty wind, its strongest branches bow submissively. Amid its leafy bowers the songsters of the woods carol their sweetest notes, to cheer the heart and gladden the pathway of life. 0 home of mine! how many joys surround thee. I thank God that my soul has been transplanted from without the wilderness of nature into thy blessed soil, and, as the material elements cause the growth and development of the natural plant, so may the rains of heaven, the sunlight of truth, and the spiritual atmosphere of purity and love, cause my soul to grow and expand in the divine life.' Char.—You have portrayed the beauties of the hillside vividly. Its infancy contrasts strangely with that grand old forest above it; I know it presents a most, enchanting, lovely sight. But, Martha, I am astonished—I thought your ideas were more general; but, from your remarks, I conclude that you have confined your observation to one treeonty. I should be glad to see the tree that has called forth such rich effusions as we have been favored to hear.' Mar.—I should, too. I have never been able to ascertain which one it was. Martha.—That wras but expressive of the whole scene, and I have gathered leaves of the various trees composing the grove—fifty varieties—and have learned most of their names; these I have brought for our pleasure and instruction. (A folio is now exhibited with leaves arj ranged in order, and names attached. They are examined by the company with remarks on their beauty, the fineness of their texture, the variety of forms, shades of color, &amp;c.; they then are set aside for future examination.)