Selections An English journal, descanting on the various degrees... ' An English journal, descanting on the various degrees of connubial bliss, states that the official record of the city of London for one year stands thus : Runaway husbands, ..... 2,348 ¦: wives, ...... 1.132 Married parties legally divorced 4,175 i; ' living in open warfare 17,345 Married parties living in private misunderstanding ........13,279 Married parties living mutually indifferent, 55.34C ' ' regarded as comfortable, 3.175 ' ' nearly happy, 127 ' ' perfectly nappy, 13 Comments.—Where offspring is the result of such wedlock, may we look from it an improvement upon the conditions under which it was conceived, born and bred ? London is not an exception to the general conditions of married life. Something is wrong, or we should have better fruits from this idolized, worldly institution. Would it not be well for religious organizations to discuss the questions : ' Is marriage a Christian institution?' 'How does marriage compare with that life, eternal in the heavens, now practiced by the children of the resurrection?' 'Is marriage engaged in by members of the churches for its holiness, oi for certain selfish considerations ?' 'Are virgins like, or unlike, the company standing with the Lamb on Mt. Zion ?' Is marriage eternal, or what shall we do with it to inherit a life that is eternal ?' Whoso seeks to save... Whoso seeks to save the generative life and rela tions, will lose the.eternal life of Christ; whoso lose that, has an assurance of this. * I do not believe the Shakers live... I do not believe the Shakers live as purely as they rofess,' said a visitor. 'Why not?' asked an at«ndant. ' Because I don't think I could live so myelf!' We have an earthly nature... We have an earthly nature and a spiritual nature ; ;his is eternal, that is transient; one prompts to the jropagation of the race of earthly beings ; the other lrges the propriety of resurrecting the inclinations, o live as the Angels do—the life of ' the children of ;he resurrection.'