JUVENILE DEPARTMENT Dialogue (Concluded.') Char.—I think that those who reside on the east side of the dwelling are favored, being in such close connection with the grove ; and as we have learned that vegetation imbibes carbon, and exhales the life-giving element so necessary for our existence, I think that in the enjoyment of such salubrious breezes which are wafted so frequently from the hillside, you ought to be remarkably healthy. Mar.—Health is the blessing we seek, and I am thankful that we are not bound by the fashions and customs of popular society, so that we cannot have free use of the elements of existence—air, light and water; they are to be had without money or price, but no wealth can reclaim health once lost. 0.—I often think, as I cast my eyes on the trees, particularly those recently, set out by Elder F. W. Evans, in the grove, in the dooryard and orchard, not forgetting our favorite Norway spruce, so nicely inclosed within a neat, octagonal picket-fence, how unselfishly all his labors seem to be performed for the general welfare, and to the end that our home may wear the aspect of comfort, both within and without, and become more attractive and beautiful. And have we not, in our older brethren and sisters, a practical demonstration of the valued precept of Mother Ann Lee : ' To do all our work as though we had a thousand years to live, and yet as though we were to die to-morrow ? ' For we know that the worth of the greater part of their labors can never be realized by them in this life. S.—What you have said is true; and I have thought many times, that each breeze that plays among the trees, and each sweet songster that warbles its early matin and evening lay in the future, would be as voices of thanks and blessing to him who reared while young, each tender tree that now forms this sequestered spot. Martha.—I have a few sentiments which I extracted from a book, a short time since; as they are quite applicable to our subject, I would like to read them. All.—(We will be pleased to listen). (Martha reads:) 'There is something noble, pure and simple, in a taste for the cultivation of forest trees. It argues, I think, a sweet and generous nature, to have a strong relish for the beauties of vegetation, and a friendship for the hardy and glorious sons of the forest. There is a grandeur of thoughi connected with this part of rural economy It is worthy of liberal, freeborn and aspiring men. He who plants an acorn, looks forward to future ages, and plants for posterity. Nothing can be less selfish than this. He cannot expect to sit in its shade and enjoy its shelter; but he exults in the idea, that the acorn which he has buried in the earth, shal' grow up into a lofty pile, and shall keep on flourishing and increasing, and benefiting mankind, long after he has ceased to tread his paternal field.' S.—That is interesting, and as it refers more particularly toforest trees, I would now ask if evergreens shed their leaves every year. Martha.—The fir and pine, and usually all cone-bearing and resinous trees shed their leaves annually; but as the new ones appear before the old ones decay, the tree is always green. Mary.—Leaves have not that brilliancy of color which flowers have; but the beauty of the blossom (like most external beauty), fades, while the less showy leaf remains fresh and verdant after the flower has passed away. C.—Evergreens are beautiful, preserving (heir color throughout the year. I have heard that tiny fir trees push their tardy growth above the perpetual snow that covers the northern regions. It must be a lovely sight, when contrasted with the clean white snow. A.—Indeed it must. A fact has occurred to my mind, which is wrorth mentioning here; it is said, that under the wonderful, magnifying power of the microscope, the most perfect works of art appear quite imperfect; wrhile in Nature's productions, however magnified, no blemish is found; her charms are ever supreme to the works of art. M.—Have any of you ever studied Botany ? and what is the true signification of the word ? S.—Botany is that branch of natural history which treats of plants and their classifications. Mar.—I commenced the study of botany when quite a child ; and found that it opened before my mind, a vast field of interest. The endless variety of plants, with their multitudinous, beauteous forms, with leaves of finest texture, all dyed in the sunlight's varied hues, comprised a theme for study. It was said of Linnasus (the Swedish botanist) that he was so thoroughly versed in the science, that he needed no time-piece to tell the hour of day—he knew it by the opening and closing of flowrers, and the various changes that took place in his plants. S.—The folding up of leaves at particular periods, has been termed the sleep of plants. This may seem a singular term to be applied to plants, but a celebrated Botanist said: ' This folding up of leaves may be as useful to the vegetable constitution, as real sleep is to the animal.' Almost every garden contains some plants in which this phenomenon may be observed; perhaps we have all noticed the Morning Glory, Four O'clock and Sensitive Plant. C.—The most common plants on wrhich we tread, may be teachers of wisdom to us; for, when closely examined, we find in them that beauty of form and texture, which no artist could picture or poet describe. Neither can man with all his science, cause them to grow; then we look to the God of nature and exclaim : ' To the beautiful order of thy wTorks may wre conform the order of our lives !' Mar.—Should we not delight in the works of God, and in the perfection of beauty shadowed forth in all created things ? Martha.—There is nothing in which the goodness of God is more apparent, than in the inspiring flood of beauty wThich is continually poured out upon the earth. Char.—Among these beauties are flowers. It is a pleasing thought to know, that every 23 THE SHAKER. spot of earth is supplied with vegetation, appropriate and ornamental; scarcely a place is incapable of supporting vegetable life. In the desert, even, a few plants are found and its sandy waste is dotted, here and there, with date and palm trees. Thus, vegetation becomes victorious. In springs, rivers, waterfalls and seas, vegetable life accumulates, and on the margin of lakes and ponds, we often find the most beautiful of all flowers—the Water Lily. The shattered forests of the tropical climes are rich in fruits and flowers. We roam through the massive woods and frequently meet flowers wild and beautiful, growing without culture ; but lovely in themselves, because they bespeak the innocence of their creation. It is sad to think that aught so fair and lovely should be despoiled, by having a language attached to them that is corrupt, and by those who should possess feelings superior to what are bestowed on these emblems of virtue, which are designed to beautify and adorn the home of mankind. Too oft are they the medium, through which passions base and wild find an outbreak. Too oft have they by the aid of man drawn woman from chastity, and her superior powers and intellectual faculties have been perverted by the signification borne in these innocent fruits of nature. But let us turn from this sad picture, and glance at their variable life. A.— Their's is surely a changeable one. In spring, we hail the green grass, which is soon interspersed with the bright Dandelions and Buttercups : flowers wild and beautiful dot the woodland, hills and meadows, and bedeck the verdant vales, as sweet opening notes to the rich anthem which nature chants till harvest time. Then summer comes, with its more ostentatious flowers ; the Violet cannot endure the scorching heat, but passes with the balmy spring. Then we have the Rose and Pink and a variety of sweet flowers, which grace our mother earth; but these cannot alwaj^s last, for Autumn soon steps in, and with its chilling blast destroys the tender plants, and flowers come into the passing scene. Mary—But in our hearts, flowers can always grow; through Summer's scorching heat and Winter's icy reign, lovely flowers may always thrive as emblems of a holy life in Christ. M.—Charlotte spoke of flowers as being corrupted; 'tis true they have been used as a medium through which the sensuous could speak vile passions, yet flowers of themselves are innocent. The testimony of eternal truth, falling on the ears of the carnally-minded, would supply material to feed the sensual appetites; while to the spiritually minded, it would be pure, living bread—something for the immortal soul to feast upon. Flowers stand in a similar relation to mankind. The worldly-minded too often use but to abuse them, but they never were intended for such a purpose; they can be, and are, by some, used for a higher object. To me they are the emblems of heavenly virtues, purity, meekness, innocence and love. These form and beautify the spiritual character. A.—In whatever light they may appear to us, or however strong may be our attachment to them, I hope that we will not for a moment plead for their cultivation to the greatest extent merely to gratifjr our natural taste. A few sweet-scented flowers are not objectionable, but their culture in the extreme requires much time and attention, and would be the means of drawing the mind and feelings away from the more practical duties of life. ' Flowers must be redeemed from the blighting influence which pervades their sphere before they can be introduced among us to any marked profit.' M.—With your conclusions I fully accord, and have been interested in, and edified by, our conversation. Martha.—I hope that none of us will be destitute of the adorning of heavenly virtue, for we are surrounded by influences which tend to elevate the mind, and bring the soul in rapport with the higher spheres. It is our privilege, while young, to store the suscep;able garners of the mind with that knowledge which will endure forever. For it hath seen wisely said, that ' Nothing seen is permanent ; from the dust atom to the world, all is mutable—passing aioay is the mournful ?arewell of the visible Universe.' (Closing hymn sung by the company.) HYMN OF PltAISE In harmony with nature's voice, we'll chant a hymn of praise, [n our Creator's works rejoice, and glory in his ways. Our hearts are now attuned to sing the glories of the year. Praise to the source from whence they spring, Our life to bless and cheer, our life to bless and cheer. The blessings of this social feast, As a rich boon are given ; Among attractions not the least, To lead our souls to heaven. O happy home ! relation dear ! With these onr hearts are blest, Praise, love and thanks we render here, This hallowed day of rest. N. F., Mt. Lebanon