POETICAL 'The Shaker.' Hail! hail, thou welcome messenger of truth— God speed thee, and sustain thee, thou art forsooth Answer to long, long years of earnest x&gt;rayers And supplication to God that somewhere, Or somehow his holy truths we should declare. Thy sacred pages yet will light unfold, Moro precious to a sin-enrsed world than gold, Diamonds and rubies; all the gems of earth Fall before thee—of more intrinsic worth Thou art by far. Thou art a chast'ning rod Wielded in the mercy, truth and love of God. That all may read and understand the Truth From hoary-headed sage to prattling youth, That whoever will, may come and be partaker Of heaven's choicest boon, we send The Shaker, Which will reveal the new and living way, From darkness to an effulgent day. The mission of Tins Shaker to fallen man [Ann, Is, God's love revealed through Christ and Mother To teach mankind that nnto him is given To do God's will on eai'th, as done in heaven, To break the shackles, let oppressed souls free, Proclaim abroad the glorious jubilee. [sword To unsheath the bright and glittering two-edged Of Gospel Truth, the spirit and power of God ; To enlighten souls, convict them of their sins, And make them feel and knoto 'tis Truth that wins Aye, Truth alone will stand, all else will fail, 'Tie God's decree that Truth shall yet prevail. O speed, speed on thou sweet angelic sound, Convince the skeptic and the wise confound; Strengthen the weak,—confirm the strong To battle for the right, and to subdue the wrong. Teach all mankind this Truth to fully know, That in the depths of earthly hearts do grow Germs of unrest, and, all learn this, would You feed on heavenly manna—Angels' food, And be forever happy, then be good,— Take up thy cross and follow Christ the Saviour, Serve God with thy whole heart, also thy Brother Love as thine own self; and, wouldst thou at last A home in heaven secure ? All that thou hast, Forsake ; houses and lands, children and wife, Brothers, Sisters, Father, Mother, thy life— Thy carnal life surrender, lay it down If thou wonldst reign with Christ and wear the crown Of Everlasting Life prepared for those Who've conquered sin, and all their inward foes. Aye. friend, know this, and do this Truth believe, That Christ lies not, nor yet doth he deceive ; Would'st thou be his, and enter heaven's door, Sell that thou hast and give it to the poor ; All selfishness be wholly laid aside And all thou hast be willing to divide. By this we do not mean that we must hate The person, or the thing—the selfish state The carnal mind, that loves a selfish few, This is the meaning, the good and true Are all of God, and we must love them all; These are universal—belong not to the fall,— These are Christ's conditions, none else will do, For those who would the narrow way pursue. Yea truly, 'tis a straight and narrow road That leads the Pilgrim home to heaven and God, No vulture's eye hath e'er this pathway seen, Nor lion's whelp hath ever trod therein; No ravenous wolf or other beast of prey Can walk this pure and holy, heavenly way, That leads the soul to Life, and to eternal Day. Many shall be called—the Chosen few— 'Tis they alone who daily will pursue The strait and narrow way, forsaking all For Christ's sake and the Gospel; who will fall Upon the rock, and there will broken be, And from all dross and sin be purged free, Who'll wash their robes in Blood, that of the Lamb, Through living works come up, the great I AM Alone to serve ; who'll strive to know and do His holy will, the narrow way pursue, Whose every breath to Father, Mother, Son, Is, Not my will, but thine O God be done. E. E. F. My Shaker Home i In a hamlet, remote from the thronged thoroughfares, Where business and pleasure with folly abound, I dwell in retirement, and breathe the pure airs That flow from the mountains which circle me round. My home is so pleasant, contentment draws near, i. And bids me rejoice in its pleasant retreat So closely allied to that heavenly sphere, Where discord no more may her tauntings repeat. No edict from monarch nor empress I dread, In a President's frowns nothing piercing can see ; Christ, in his true order, I own as my head, And love is the magnet which captivates me. To the goddess of fashion we never bow down, Thus saved from the trouble her votaries share, A cap, smooth and modest, a neat tidy gown, With kerchief and collar, my Sisterhood wear. Our shoes are for comfort, and made to the feet, Not so small to compress them and freedom destroy; Yea, our understandings would be quite a treat, To such slaves of folly as ' Miss Afong Moy.'* Not with jewelled fingers our work we perform, And pendulums hang in our clocks, not our ears, No pearls, nor yet ribbons, our persons adorn, They are deemed quite as useless as crocodile tears. 4 Our costume throughout is well fitted for those Who prize health and comfort, 'bove fashion or pride, And find in a neat humble garb, more repose, Than the gay, pimping lady, whose heart is outside. What can adorn woman like virtue and love ? A heart full of kindness and heavenly grace, These deck her with jewels and charms far, above All that art can devise for the form or the lace. 5 O let me be clothed in garments of these, And thankfully toil in my plain Shaker dress ; For Wisdom's bright treasures which give the heart ease, And clothe me in raiment of true righteousness. I'll toil for these blessings, these jewels of love, Ills patiently suffer, that cannot be cured, From under the cross never seek to remove, To be by the world, or its follies allured. *A Chinese woman who exhibited her small feet in this country some years since. B. K., Canterbury, N. H.