POETICAL 'The Servant of the Lord must be Gentle.' 2d Tim. 2:24. Gentle words and gentle actions, Tokens of a tender heart: When to all they render kindness What rich blessings they impart! Thus, when clouds of sorrow lower, And the soul is bow'd with care, Gentle words with magic power, Strengthen us to trials bear. Let us cultivate those virtues Which adorn and beautify ; Clothe the soul with heavenly graces And to angel3 bring it nigh. Peace and love, and tender kindness, Breath'd around us as we go, Scatter all the selfish blindness Which prevents pure love to flow. L. W., Whitewater Inspiration of the Sunlight O beautiful sunshine ! Iioav brightly thou'rt beaming, So warming and cheering I love thy pure light ; Messenger welcome, o'er earth thou art gleaming, Dispelling the darkness and gloom of the night. 2. Thy glory awakens a feeling of gladness,— A happy emotion springs up in my heart! Beholding thy beauty, devoid of all sadness, To me thou doth unbounded pleasure impart. 3. Bright orb of our system, in glory excelling, Dispenser of light, and of warmth to the earth ; Roll on in thy pathway, -forever thou'rt telling 'Twas God, who created and gave thee thy birth. His Infinite Power, Creation discloses ; His works so majestic in grandeur are spread Within nature's bosom, in silence reposes The wonders of ages, so awful and dread 1 5. Rich treasures, yet buried in ocean and cavern, In wilderness places, and deep, fruitful soil; In valleys, on mountains, in deserts all barren, Only awaiting discovery and toil. The bright sun of Science in splendor is rising— Now piercing the clouds, long obscuring its ray ; Gray mists are dispersing, and oh, how surprising The light that is ushering in a new day! 7. Strong demons of gross superstition and error, Which long having held many souls in their grasp, Deprived of authority, shrinking with terror, Recoil from the light, like a poisonous asp. In death-robes its victims hath Ignoranc* shrouded, In cloisters and prison-walls.long were they bound; While priestly dictation their vision beclouded, No passage for light to their dungeons was found. 9. But, thank God ! the fetters are now being broken, And thousands rejoice in their happy release ; All hail the glad tidings ! and welcome each token Preparing the nations for truth's great increase. 10. When Freedom shall triumph o'er earth's vast dominions, And high shall be earned the standard of right, The angel of love will unfold her soft pinions, And guide honest souls that advance in the light. 11. All hail, then, the morning of true Resurrection ! The sunbeams of glory descend to the earth ; O blessed enjoyment! O happy reflection I With angels we gather a substance of worth. Martha The Weaver I've laid my web for life, And now I'm left to fill it; With care and daily strife, Or ease, if I so will it. An even thread, and strong, WiD weave me sure protection; A ' linsey woolsey ' one Will break, and cause vexation. And when the work is done, 'Twill make my seamless garment; Or, clothe my soul upon, In sad and sackcloth raiment. M. W.