AGRICULTURAL By some, it is thought, a few columns of our paper can be profitably devoted to Agriculture, Horticulture, Mechanics, etc., though we are not among the number, we open to those who are anxious, and ask future writers to send only good, practical hints in the fewest possible words. * Stirring the Soil Essential to Plant Growth The season of preparing soils for the growth of plants, and putting the seed into the ground being passed, the prospective crop must now depend not merely on the season (though a good season is essential to a good crop), but largely on the cultivation of the plants. When a boy we worked in the garden, and nine summers of our minority were devoted to the culture, principally of culinary vegetables, medicinal plants, and roots; grape vines, and the seeds of culinary vegetables! Our leader was a reader and admirer of William Cobbett (the English gardener, farmer, lawyer, author and statesman), and we were constantly taught to be trying Oobbett's plans of gardening, as well as to devise originals toexcell Cobbett if possible; and, sometimes we did excell him; and some- times we found, by experience, that we were ignoramuses, relative to the economy of plant growth. But we succeeded in learning how to raise some plants, to say the least of it, to excellence, if not perfection; among these, we will name cabbages, onions, cucumbers and many others. Brigham Young makes it a first lesson in Mormon religion when the Believer has migrated to Utah, to learn to raise a cabbage. The lesson is a good one, and we will give our 56 THE SHAKER. version of it. Premising, that all plants derive most of their nourishment from the atmosphere, until they begin to perfect their seeds, then they draw from the soil. But to our lesson: How to raise a cabbage and an onion. First, The plants should be sown in a bed of fine, rich loam; after coming up, thinned to at least one inch apart; second, before transplanting, which should not be done until the plants are six inches high, and stocky, water the plants until the soil is quite wet; select a moist atmosphere to remove the plants in; having, in all cases freshly and deeply stirred the soil with plough or spade, take up the plants with a trowel or shingle, lifting them carefully with as much earth as possible clinging to their rootlets; dig a hole with the tool, much larger than the root is to occupy and set in the plant, filling around the root with fine fresh earth; press lightly around the roots; after a few days' standing, hoe the ground about the plants; if the weather is very dry, every morning, when the dew is on the plant, as the roots drink in aerial nourishment as well as the broad leaves. We have known the finest cabbages raised in this way, even in very dry seasons, when cabbages not thus treated, but hoed only three or four times during the season, made no heads at all! Never hoe cabbages, in very hot and dry weather, after the dew is gone! Dig around a cabbage deeply; but never stir deeply the soil about an onion; simply scrape the surface of the soil, and keep clean of weeds. Of course, if you are no novice, you will never sow onions on coarse, hard, lumpy, wet soil; nor on any soil which is not very rich; as well plant beans in lake Erie! The very frequent stirring of the soil is also essential to raising good vines, as cucumbers and melons; and the best crops are raised on a heavily manured sod, inverted just before planting, and thoroughly pulverized with the harrow. As the seed of plants draws most of its nutriment from the soil, good, full, plump seeds cannot be grown without strong soil, or much manure; thrifty plants may be produced, but not good seed ! The gist of this lesson is, first, that soils, like the haves of plants, drink in plant nutrition from the atmosphere, if stirred frequently and kept loose and friable; second, that the mouths of the rootlets drink up this nourishment from the atmosphere under these circumstances, as the leaves do the dews. fieans.—Never hoe them when the dew or rain is upon them nor when the soil is wet; it burns them like a fire. Stir the soil often when the soil and plants are dry. A field of beans last summer planted on poor soil without manure, had no hoeing, excepting one row; the crop was small, but double on the hoed row, than on either side. What was the cause ? Somebody ought to tell us this in coming numbers of the paper; and, dear Editor, they should tell us too, that each and all kinds of manure are not equally well adapted to each and all kinds of plants; they should tell us, that, while horse manure, and the droppings of fowls are good for corn and cucumbers, they are not so good for Asparagus, as the manure from horned cattle, and why. There is much dear Editor that 'The Siiakeb, ' might teach on agriculture, and agricultural chemistry, the adaptation of soils and manures to plants; the preparation of soils for plants; the management of manures. This article though it breaks the ground in the Agricultural field of ' The Shaker ' is not written as a model, but to open the field for better and more work. G. B. A., Mt. L. Agriculture The important and exhaustless subject of agriculture necessarily has large claims on our attention. Though one man may not exactly follow the plans of another, to achieve success as the conditions are rarely alike. A slight difference in climate, soil, markets, etc., determine to a certain extent our varied modes of operations. And perhaps, more than all, the knowledge, the executive ability, and means, wanting to secure the desired end. Therefore, may we not with profit make suggestions and experiments, and give practical results, and thus add to the store already acquired and stimulate farther inquiry ? Since ' he who makes two spears of grass grow where only one grew before is a public benefactor;' let us all strive to that end and profit by the best experience and bring to our aid a ready and willing ally—Science. Suppose we discuss the question of large farms and earless culture versus small farms and high cultivation? Let us contrast ' Farmer Slack with Farmer Thrift.' An interchange of thought and experience will be of great benefit to the agricultural interests. The law of gravitation confirms the all pervading declaration, that as mortals our duty is upon the earth to which we are wonderfully adapted; though the fountains whence we draw our spirit is from above. And besides the command, not in the Bible alone, but in that other and more audible scripture, the objective and silent teachings legibly written on every living thing, to ' multiply and replenish and subdue the earth' into usefulness and beauty. Then let us study the most feasible and effectual means to ' multiply ' vegetation and 'replenish ' the worn-out earth with renewed vigor and 'subdue' its spontaneous productions to comfort, convenience and use. Since we take our domestic animals from their native climate to serve us in a forced artificial mode of living, should it not become our duty to provide for their comfort as well as our interest and profit ? A reply to a few leading questions may interest and benefit all. No one objects to the fair exchange of knowledge. 'I willingly exchange uay ignorance for knowledge.' I trust that at least one well filled column will be devoted to this subject of primary and vital importance. May we have the pleasure of hearing from all, from Maine to Kentucky. E. Myrick