Dear Shaker : —I wish to say a few words to some one, whomsoever it may concern; but hope it may be one, who is not over 20 years of as;e,-—on the subject of human advancement to better and higher conditions. I hope, also, hereby to elicit a kind response from any one of youthful years, who may deem this worthy the notice of a reply. I think there is a natural and irrepressible desire in every one, regardless how wicked and degraded, to better their conditions, in some way, physically, mentally or spiritually. Indeed, most persons in their moments of sober reflection, wish they were, or could be improved in all directions. Perhaps, there is no human being in existence, who does not possess this instinctive desire to progress. It is more than probable that, upon this little spark of deific goodness in the soul, depends the only hope of salvation; that is, an ultimate development in perfect holiness. Some persons of a very low, and unfortunate organization, may pass many years without discovering to themselves, or others, this in- stinct of progress; but it is no less in existence, and only needs to have its lips touched by a coal from the altar of heaven's inspiration, to resurrect it into palpable consciousness and activity. How this was brought about in my case, while I was quite young, I will try to describe in this article. I was neither very good, nor very bad, in my youthful days; but frequently my attention was called to some particular virtue, trait, or characteristic of progress and improvement, in some person, which I felt I was in want of. If such persons had a sweet, pleasant way of inculcating the advantages of possessing such good quality, or trait, I immediately fell in love with the beauty and propriety thereof; and if they still further exem54 THE SHAKER. 55 plifted the sweetness, and heavenly worth, of such good virtue, then I was quite captivated thereby, and would resolve immediately to adopt into my practical life, such valuable and soul-renovating treasure! I remember of reading the life of Francis Lewis Carnaro, an Italian nobleman, who excelled in the virtue of Temperance, as well as many other excellent qualities of character : 0 how I was charmed and delighted with his experience! and how strongly I resolved to be temperate! He had a beautiful way of show- ing up the advantages of a temperate, peaceful life. I read Dr. Franklin's inimitable 'Biography,' and how I wished I could follow along in his footsteps of industry and economical ways. Again, I recollect, once, when about 14 years of age, and although so young, under many heavy trials and temptations to a sinful life, of unmanly passion and pleasure, that I chanced to go to one of the families of Believers, more advanced than the one I lived in, on some little errand. As I approached, I saw a Brother stirring hay, in the dooryard. I passed at some distance from him, and without speaking; but I distinctly recollect what were my thoughts, at the time: 'This good Brother has fought the good fight, and the conflict is over! The evening of his days is being spent in peaceful meditations upon all those earlier trials, sorrows and victories of youth, which, though bitter to bear, are so sweet to remember ! He can now safely and serenely repose on the green shore of the sea of life, and listen to the far-off' booming of the thunder, and the roar of the billows, and fearful surges of sorrow and temptation, which with him are over, and gone forever! How sweet! How peaceful! What a good thing- it was that he made the passage safely. He is now at rest, while I am so tossed and terrified by the storms and tempests of passions unhallowed, and constant temptation to sin, that I am more than three-fourths of my time in uncontrollable sorrow and tears, and constant struggles to ward off the terrible catastrophe of a final surrender to actual, hopeless perdition! ' These were my solemn reflections; but notwithstanding the dreadful weight of tribulation I was then under, the sight of this good old veteran, in his clean shirt, dark pants and blue satin vest, filled me for the time, and for a considerable period after, with a great calm; his sphere, and serene spirit psychologized me for several days—nerving me to still greater exertions, if possible, to make my calling and election sure; and culminate, as I felt he had done, in complete victory and peace ! And, my young friend, though I do by no means feel boastful, nor egotistical, yet for your encouragement and comfort, allow me to announce to you, that I am now occupying the same position, on the same green, peaceful shore, that my veteran exemplar occupied, when I passed in sight of him, forty years ago. And if these thoughts, and these little reminiscences of my past actual experience, will do you any good, I shall be glad of it. Remember, I am praying for you all the time, that beyond and above all other considerations, you may somehow find ample ability to live a pure, sinless life; and that your solemn journey toward a higher, holier plane, may culminate in Everlasting Peace! Yours affectionately, O. C. Hampton