JUVENILE DEPARTMENT Dear Shaker : —I wish to say a few words to some one, whomsoever it may concern; but hope it may be one, who is not over 20 years of as;e,-—on the subject of human advancement to better and higher conditions. I hope, also, hereby to elicit a kind response from any one of youthful years, who may deem this worthy the notice of a reply. I think there is a natural and irrepressible desire in every one, regardless how wicked and degraded, to better their conditions, in some way, physically, mentally or spiritually. Indeed, most persons in their moments of sober reflection, wish they were, or could be improved in all directions. Perhaps, there is no human being in existence, who does not possess this instinctive desire to progress. It is more than probable that, upon this little spark of deific goodness in the soul, depends the only hope of salvation; that is, an ultimate development in perfect holiness. Some persons of a very low, and unfortunate organization, may pass many years without discovering to themselves, or others, this in- stinct of progress; but it is no less in existence, and only needs to have its lips touched by a coal from the altar of heaven's inspiration, to resurrect it into palpable consciousness and activity. How this was brought about in my case, while I was quite young, I will try to describe in this article. I was neither very good, nor very bad, in my youthful days; but frequently my attention was called to some particular virtue, trait, or characteristic of progress and improvement, in some person, which I felt I was in want of. If such persons had a sweet, pleasant way of inculcating the advantages of possessing such good quality, or trait, I immediately fell in love with the beauty and propriety thereof; and if they still further exem54 THE SHAKER. 55 plifted the sweetness, and heavenly worth, of such good virtue, then I was quite captivated thereby, and would resolve immediately to adopt into my practical life, such valuable and soul-renovating treasure! I remember of reading the life of Francis Lewis Carnaro, an Italian nobleman, who excelled in the virtue of Temperance, as well as many other excellent qualities of character : 0 how I was charmed and delighted with his experience! and how strongly I resolved to be temperate! He had a beautiful way of show- ing up the advantages of a temperate, peaceful life. I read Dr. Franklin's inimitable 'Biography,' and how I wished I could follow along in his footsteps of industry and economical ways. Again, I recollect, once, when about 14 years of age, and although so young, under many heavy trials and temptations to a sinful life, of unmanly passion and pleasure, that I chanced to go to one of the families of Believers, more advanced than the one I lived in, on some little errand. As I approached, I saw a Brother stirring hay, in the dooryard. I passed at some distance from him, and without speaking; but I distinctly recollect what were my thoughts, at the time: 'This good Brother has fought the good fight, and the conflict is over! The evening of his days is being spent in peaceful meditations upon all those earlier trials, sorrows and victories of youth, which, though bitter to bear, are so sweet to remember ! He can now safely and serenely repose on the green shore of the sea of life, and listen to the far-off' booming of the thunder, and the roar of the billows, and fearful surges of sorrow and temptation, which with him are over, and gone forever! How sweet! How peaceful! What a good thing- it was that he made the passage safely. He is now at rest, while I am so tossed and terrified by the storms and tempests of passions unhallowed, and constant temptation to sin, that I am more than three-fourths of my time in uncontrollable sorrow and tears, and constant struggles to ward off the terrible catastrophe of a final surrender to actual, hopeless perdition! ' These were my solemn reflections; but notwithstanding the dreadful weight of tribulation I was then under, the sight of this good old veteran, in his clean shirt, dark pants and blue satin vest, filled me for the time, and for a considerable period after, with a great calm; his sphere, and serene spirit psychologized me for several days—nerving me to still greater exertions, if possible, to make my calling and election sure; and culminate, as I felt he had done, in complete victory and peace ! And, my young friend, though I do by no means feel boastful, nor egotistical, yet for your encouragement and comfort, allow me to announce to you, that I am now occupying the same position, on the same green, peaceful shore, that my veteran exemplar occupied, when I passed in sight of him, forty years ago. And if these thoughts, and these little reminiscences of my past actual experience, will do you any good, I shall be glad of it. Remember, I am praying for you all the time, that beyond and above all other considerations, you may somehow find ample ability to live a pure, sinless life; and that your solemn journey toward a higher, holier plane, may culminate in Everlasting Peace! Yours affectionately, O. C. Hampton Henry C Blinn to the Young Accepting the kind offer of ' The Shaker,' we have joined company with those who are interested in the 'Juvenile Department.' Kindly thank you, dear Editor, for bearing us in remembrance. We find our spirit closely conjoined to yours, in the hope that our little paper may be a home educator; hence the necessity of a department for the young, one where the children and youth will be as well represented as are the theologians in other sections of the paper. A thorough understanding of the elementary principles, is the securing of a good foundation upon which to build a permanent superstructure While our superiors are earnestly contending for the faith and devotedly advocating their religious views, we may be as acceptably engaged on the subject of good behavior and moral deportment. We should not only be interested in these for our own especial benefit, but at the same time for the blessing it confers upon others. ' Suffer little children to come unto me,' is the voice of parental care. The spirit of this should indelibly form its impression upon the mind. Good children. Virtuous youth. With what satisfaction we are led to express these titles of affectionate regard. We are influenced to this, in part, from the manifestation of the good spirit that dwells with you at the present time, and also, from the anxious hope of what you may be in more mature years. Now, the question arises, whose names'shall we write under the above titles ? Shall it be the boy or girl who does not use vulgar or improper language ? Shall we write the names of those who 'never told a lie,' or of those who have never taken anything from father, mother, brother or sister, without their consent ? Poor children! we fear the names would be few, indeed, if you submitted to this examination. What shall we do ? Well, all my young friends may consider themselves as the ones addressed. Not only those who have been called good and virtuous, but we will also include that class who may not have earned a public expression of this title. The 'best boy' or girl may hare done wrong, a few times, while the ' worst boy' or girl have no doubt been credited with one or more kind and generous acts. A close selfexamination into the motives which influenced you to do, or not to do, can be the only test of your goodness. Do as well as you have learned, and you will find many willing friends to assist you. When we say that it is easier to be good, than it is to be wicked; that it is easier to tell the truth, than to tell a falsehood; that it requires no greater effort to speak a kind word, than it does to speak an unkind word, we simply tell you what experience has taught many who have gone before you. Try it. Be kind to he aged, and be respectful to all. Always speak the truth! No matter what you may liave done! Never conceal it under false stories. Speak the truth! One misrepresentation will lead the way to another, and every false word arries you farther and farther from a correct statement, and you are less able to acknowledge the truth by an honest confession. By all means, speak the truth! In connection with the above, we find this, generally, to be the case. Those who tell falsehoods will steal! If you would sustain a good character, never take that which does not belong to you. If you wish to. possess it, ask for it. If your request is not granted, you may be disappointed, but if you have any respect for yourself, or love for your friends, do not steal! False and wicked stories will grow from it, which may not only injure you for the society of the good, but may at the same time bring hours of sorrow to those who have taken a deep interest in your welfare. If you have ever told that which is untrue, honestly confess it before your father or mother, or before those who are acting as your guardians. If you have ever taken that which did not belong to you, return it to the owner, if possible, and then make an honest confession of it, and promise never to do so again. Be very careful of your words and actions, lest jon acquire these bad habits and lose the honor of a good name. Beware, young friends, of the first temptations to do wrong. They may lead to a ruinous practice. H. C. B.