Agriculture The important and exhaustless subject of agriculture necessarily has large claims on our attention. Though one man may not exactly follow the plans of another, to achieve success as the conditions are rarely alike. A slight difference in climate, soil, markets, etc., determine to a certain extent our varied modes of operations. And perhaps, more than all, the knowledge, the executive ability, and means, wanting to secure the desired end. Therefore, may we not with profit make suggestions and experiments, and give practical results, and thus add to the store already acquired and stimulate farther inquiry ? Since ' he who makes two spears of grass grow where only one grew before is a public benefactor;' let us all strive to that end and profit by the best experience and bring to our aid a ready and willing ally—Science. Suppose we discuss the question of large farms and earless culture versus small farms and high cultivation? Let us contrast ' Farmer Slack with Farmer Thrift.' An interchange of thought and experience will be of great benefit to the agricultural interests. The law of gravitation confirms the all pervading declaration, that as mortals our duty is upon the earth to which we are wonderfully adapted; though the fountains whence we draw our spirit is from above. And besides the command, not in the Bible alone, but in that other and more audible scripture, the objective and silent teachings legibly written on every living thing, to ' multiply and replenish and subdue the earth' into usefulness and beauty. Then let us study the most feasible and effectual means to ' multiply ' vegetation and 'replenish ' the worn-out earth with renewed vigor and 'subdue' its spontaneous productions to comfort, convenience and use. Since we take our domestic animals from their native climate to serve us in a forced artificial mode of living, should it not become our duty to provide for their comfort as well as our interest and profit ? A reply to a few leading questions may interest and benefit all. No one objects to the fair exchange of knowledge. 'I willingly exchange uay ignorance for knowledge.' I trust that at least one well filled column will be devoted to this subject of primary and vital importance. May we have the pleasure of hearing from all, from Maine to Kentucky. E. Myrick