POETICAL The Backsliding Christian TO THE RESCUE. Unbidden views hefore mine eyes appear, Of wasting dignity, and shameless fear ; My vision pains, with sinking vital fires. And quailing firmness that strong hope inspires. My throbbing heart is chilled, I've pallid cheek, My nerves the influence catch, and seem all weak ; My bosom heaves convulsively, to find A cowering courage and demented mind. Integrity seems palsied by the woefnl shock Of faith's abettor, stranded on a rock ; Those patriotic fires that steel the brow, Seem faintly burning, or but smouldering now ; And resolution, ousted from her fortress goal, Leaves her shorn Sampson, a Delilah's fool; Bereft of strength and blinded by the foe, The pillars of the temple now, are razed low. The temple lost, no living sacrifice Is now presented, and no incense rise ; No altar consecrated to the sacred vow— No service dedicated to the God of Heaven now. And love to God, that searching, heavenly flame, Seems evanescent, cool, or meanly tame, The doors of inspiration snugly shut and barred, The soul, a famished visage, deeply marred ! Now, low ambition's regnant in the soul, Fan and refresh the devastating coals ; And worldly flames the holy life destroy ; And lust of pelf, the meaner powers deploy ; Ignoble motives steal the halcyon hours, And rob the soul of her angelic powers; And now, degraded by the world's pursuit, She doffs the Angel form, and dons the brute. And, wretched outcast from the tree of life, Divorced from God, man seeks a sensual life ; And now to pleasure gives the wasting strength 'Till ruin summons him as her's, at length ; Oh, horrid destiny ! replete with woe, A Heaven lost and earthly blessings too, Life spent, the naked, wretched, beastly man Of ruin's army, leads the horrid van ! In this most woeful state of fell dispair, Time, and its treasures vanish into air ; The soul is warned eternity to meet, And there, in judgment, read life's soiled sheet; Then, oh, the anguish pouring on the soul, Whom sin hath crippled, and whose life controlled— In judgment lone, she meets the direful lot, '' Depart, ye cursed, for I know you not! ' No sophists here, the dread decree may thwart; No analeptic give, to ease the smart; Who, on the rock, might there been broken found, Lies now beneath it, and '' to powder ground ! ' Now, what availeth infidel belief? Now, what philosopher can give relief? Now, where the charm in worldly pleasures' dye, To woo the soul and captivate its eye ? Dread moment! Lord, be merciful, we pray ! And may e'en justice, now, thy love display— And, when by sufferings all the debt is paid, Lord, grant the famished soul some heavenly aid— O gather home, this desolated flock, And give them water, from thy living rock ; And when, by judgment's fires, they're pure and free, Some Angel send, and gather them to thee. Not for thy honor, but, for mercy's weal, Impart thy love, these bruised reeds to heal; And though of glory, they're entire bereft, For Heaven's sake, O let not one be left To chill the nerves of heavenly minstrelsy Or blight the record of'humanity ! A ransom give to all this babel throng— [long! So shall our love, our thanks, and praise, to thee be- G. B. A., Mt L. Sweet Innocence Sweet Innocence, of beauty rare ! What virtue can with thee compare ! Who can behold thy glory bright, And not embrace thee with delight? O blessed virtue—richest grace ! How brilliant shines thy lovely face ! O could vain mortals know thy worth, And seek thee, in the days of youth. Through every stage of human life, Thou canst appear for man's relief, And greatly wilt thou beautify The soul, that dost on thee rely. We view thee oft in infant state, In child-hood—and, on youth to wait,— But, as wild nature bears the sway We see thee drawing far away. Too oft, in social life, we find A stranger thou, to youthful mind ; And as in years they riper grow, Thy kind address they scarcely know. Oh, sad mistake ! Oh. blinded youth ! How little dost thou sense the worth Of this most precious gift of heaven, Which, to the child of grace is given. No ornament of nature's birth Can e'er compare with thee, in worth : And where thon gainest full control, Thy glory bright will crown the whole. In thee, all other virtues bloom, Diffusing round their rich perfume, Which intermingle with thy own, As in a child of grace is shown. Oh Innocence ! Thou sweetest charm ;— Thou canst the cruel tyrant calm !— The proud, the haughty, and the wild Must bow to thee, thou lovely child : Yea, monarchs, kings and princes, all Must reverence thee—before thee, fall;— And, as thy Christ-like hand is sought, All worldly charms are brought to naught. D. A. B. Tattling And floats upon the atmosphere And plants its noxious presence, where The choicest fruits are growing ; Just so the idle tattler's tongue, Doth work its impious way among The pleasant walks of old and young, And.vilest seeds are sowing. The man who has no higher aim, Than that which satisfies the beast, Must, as a man, be very tame, And pitiable, to say the least.