Humility—No. 2 Why art thou displeased with the censures of men, or elated with their praise ? Thou art just what thou art; praise makes thee no better, nor can censure make thee worse. Oh Flattery! base flattery ! Thou art universally despised in word; but deep down in the hidden recesses of the heart, every one secretly cherisheth thee : Yea, thou art swallowed with avidity and goeth down like oil. Strange that a worm should like to hear himself pronounced an Angel! He that speaks degrading^ of himself and of his performances is quite likely fishing for praise; and they that are wise will not catch at the bait. There are many who are well pleased with offices and titles of distinction, but those who eschew them, do not wish to be thought incapable or unworthy. However mean we may feel in ourselves, we do not like to have others think us so. It is a great Christian attainment to become so dear to self, as to love to be contemned, and to rejoice when all men speak evil of us. If thou hast an enemy, consider diligently his reproaches, and thou mayest be much instructed; he will search out thy faults more faithfully than many friends. Thou livest very abstemiously and on coarse fare. Dost thou therefore think thou deservest extra reward ? Verily such as thou hast is quite as good as thou deservest—should a dependent, a pauper, talk of compensation. A very common motive for speaking of the demerits of others, is to set one's self forth to greater advantage. How selfish and contemptible ! Who so desires to be delivered from pride, must avoid every means of indulging it. Antiochus Epiphanes boasting himself against God, and assuming to himself divine honors, was smitten with a noisome disease which terminated in his death. Before he expired, he was brought so far to his senses, as to exclaim : ' It is meet to be subject to God; and man, who is mortal, should not think of himself proudly as if he were God.' 0 when shall I see the great and wonderful work of God on the earth? just as soon as thou canst apprehend that His work consists in little things. Will nothing satisfy yon but converting worlds ? You shall be content to plait straws. A wise man said, 'An empty spirit God will fill.' We cannot be filled with God till emptied of self; we cannot be emptied of self, till we deny self, and in deep humility and self-abnegation find a complete death to a selfish nature. We need not be deceived and think self is dead when it is not; for as long as we can perceive within us an aspiring disposition, self-will, self-seeking or the least movement contrary to the will and order of God, we may be assured that self is yet alive. That which hath in it the power of motion undoubtedly hath life. ' The cup that my Father hath given me,' said Jesus, 'shall I not drink it?' Again he said to Pilate, 'Thou couldst have no power at all against me, unless it had been given thee from above. Thus showing his full faith that his heavenly Father was the source of all power—the controller of all wants, and that he must humbly and patiently submit. cc Though Jesus was a son, yet learned he obedience by the things he suffered.' Shall the servant be greater than his master ? Nay, verily; yet every one that is perfect shall be as his master. 0 when shall I learn to rejoice in tribulation and to take joyfully every thing that goes to break up and destroy the kingdom of self within me, and make room for him to reign whose right it is ! The kingdom of self, is opposed to the kingdom of God; and His reign cannot be perfected within me till self is completely subjugated; let the word be given : ' Joshua, arise and begin to contend with him in battle.' 0 that the true Joshua may arise in my soul and drive out the old inhabitants of the land, that the kingdom may be the Lord's. If we truly desire humility we must at least abstain from all occasions of pride and ostentation. Should a woman dress herself in all the trappings of fashion, and then go through divers bodily gestures to shake off pride, who would believe in her sincerity ? How inconsistent to dress in fine and costly apparel and then get on bended knees to pray for humility. The ancients, when they desired to humble themselves, rent their garments, put on sackcloth and sometimes strewed themselves with ashes. Fine houses, costly equipage, and fine dress, all tend to destroy humility, exalt the sense, and bring the owners into unison of feeling with Nebuchadnezzar when in the pride of his THE SHAKER. 53 heart he exclaimed: ' Is not this Great Babylon that / hare builded ? 0 that I were wholly released from desiring the praise or dreading the dispraise of men; then I would be truly devoted to do the will of God. By how much thou lovest the honor of men, by so much thou art the veriest slave; a slave to the most inexorable tyrant. Because thou ha,st found the honor that cometh of men to be capricious, and not worth seeking, thou shouldst not therefore become reckless to virtuous actions, but shouldst the more diligently seek that honor which comes from God only. It would be unjust as well as unreasonable to forsake God and virtue on account of the faults and frailties of men. So far as thou discoverest in thyself a feeling of disregard to the way of righteousness, when stung with the ingratitude and unjust censures of men, from whom thou hast expected esteem and approbation, so far thou mayest be certain that thy motives have been selfish and impure. He that freely gives up ail, that he may enjoy God alone, having nothing left that men desire or can take from him—nothing for which to contend—will have abundance of peace. 0 Heavenly Father my soul is blessed ! I feel satisfied with thy goodness! yet suffer me not to indulge in any self-complacency. I know that if I am full, it is out of thy fullness; if I am strong, it is in thy strength; if I am ¦rich, it is in the enjoyment of thy bounty; of myself I continually tend to nothing. My strength is weakness; my fullness is but an efflux of vanity, and my riches but a store of diversified evils. He that seeks to honor God in all he does, will be satisfied with an approving conscience though all men rise up against him and cast his name out as evil. As diamonds, gold, and all the precious stones and metals, are the slow and gradual formations of nature in the most secret recesses of her retired operations; so the most glorious and excellent virtues are wrought by divine influence in the silent abstraction and stillness of the soul, while it shuts out the rude influences of all external things; and is wholly concealed from the curious gaze of 'outward observation.' However deep and clear have been my own convictions at any time of my own degraded and sinful state, yet I have never ceased to implore for myself the mercy of God; and shall I censure and be inexorable to the faults of others ? Shall I ask the mercy of God for myself, and expect him to be so partial as to grant it, and join with me in despising and rejecting my poor offending brother ? If I love my brother as myself, this cannot be; and if I do not, then am I a rebel against God who has commanded me thus to do, and, as such, cannot justly hope for his mercy. 'Forgive,' said Christ, 'and thou shalt be forgiven.' When one of my brethren offends and wrongs another, how easily can I forgive him! But if he has injured me how is the case altered! How it sticks in the mind! Why is this ? If I loved my brother as myself this could not be. Nay; if I loved God with all my heart I could not thus feel; I should only be sorry that my brother had sinned against the good spirit of our Heavenly Father, and thus injured himself. I should be more grieved for the sin of the offender than for the offence of the sinner. If when one brother offends another, I am comparatively but little excited, and the same offence committed against myself highly agitates me; will not this show my want of humility—my great self-importance, and that I esteem myself far above my brother ? Things esteemed of the highest importance necessarily excite the deepest interest, and that in very exact proportion. How very important then, is my character in comparison with my brother's, when I can quietly hear him traduced, while the least thing derogatory to myself, arouses all my indignation ? Speak, Lord, for thy servant heareth. 0 teach me the truth respecting myself! Humble me ; prostrate me in the dust, that I may depend no more on self, or on any mere human sagacity, but on the power and gift of God. If I were only a worm, I might well crawl in the dust; but I am by nature a corrupt and sinful worm, and should, like Job, 'abhor my selfish nature in dust and ashes,' and submit it to the just abhorrence of all intelligences. Who am I, that I should resent reproach and scorn, or complain of injustice? Is it possible that injustice can be done to such a lawless nature, except it be by suffering it to escape merited contempt! Away with complaints; I have ever been blest more than I deserved; and if there were not an infinite fountain of goodness—unmerited goodness, a measure of which is extended to me—I should now be most destitute. We should never consider ourselves sufficiently humble, till we can hear ourselves traduced and slandered without being agitated and losing our serenity of mind. How completely ineffectual and abortive are all the efforts of men to destroy the peace of that soul, who, redeemed from the earth, and dead to self, desires neither the honor of men nor the pleasures of sense; who, disregarding all censure, ' rejoices to have his name cast out as evil for Christ's sake,' and places his whole confidence in the gift of God and his whole happiness in doing the Divine will! Some men exhort others to humility, that they may the better serve themselves of them ; yet is the humble man infinitely more happy than his proud oppressor. Flee honor, and she will pursue you; seek her and she will conceal herself from your search. When blind Bartimeus heard that Jesus called him, such was his eagerness to receive .sight, that he cast away his mantle, that he might hasten to Christ! 0 that I may thus cast away whatever would in the least hinder my coming to the Saviour; that, poor, blind and naked, I may prostrate myself wholly at his feet, and receive the true inward light of his Spirit; that being thus enlightened I may 'follow him in the way,' till I become fully imbued with his 'meek and lowly' temper and disposition of soul. Thus I shall be enlightened by the Truth; enriched with Love, and clothed with Humility. ' Learn of me,' said Jesus, 'for I am meek and lowly, and ye shall find rest to your souls.' Then, as Humility gives peace and rest to the soul, he enjoys most happiness from it that is the most humble. R. W. P.