[Publications] NOTICES OF THE PRESS. The Shaker is the name of a new monthly, issued by and devoted to these faithful and honest devotees of their Christ. The first number issued for January, 1871, is a well got up and well filled sheet of respectable size, and cheap at fifty cents a year, and issued in Albany, N. Y., and edited by G. A. Lomas. We are glad these good people are now speaking to the public for themselves, and hope their paper will be largely patronized, that they may be better known and more appreciated thereby. They certainly have many virtues not common to Christians, and not appreciated as they deserve to be by other societies. It is not strange that there should be much sympathy with them among Spiritualists, since they had much of phenomenal Spiritualism among them, and most of them became convinced that spirits communicate before it gained much popularity among Infidels and other Christians.—Banner of Light. The Shaker, published at Albany, N. Y., is a monthly sheet, filled with words of love and wisdom. Its weapons of warfare are spiritual and mighty.— New Era, Cleveland. 'The Universal Test.' It falls in the way of the little paper called The Shaker, to define its ism in a nut-shell; and it says, ' the kernel when reached is: Confess and forsake sin; live purely, and you are a Shaker without knowing it, regardless of your theology.'' How unerringly all sincere religionists of every name and nation come to this one result at last! The great end and aim of the truly religious man is to '' live purely *'—to throw off the yoke of sin. The attainment of this is the Great Salvation. The best religion is that which, tried by its results, is best adapted to this end. Ought not this self-evident truth to disci-edit the prevalent a priori tests by which we are ever trying our respective theologies ? And does it not suggest, too, the cheering thought, that inasmuch as we have the Divine assurance that '' in every nation, he that feareth him and worketh righteousness is accepted of him;' the field of God's mercy is wider than our fears have allowed ? That wherever (even among the heathen) the sincere effort is put forth, however mistakenly as to means, for the attainment of holiness, the Divine Love shall surely, one day, bring the consummation so devoutly wished ? Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. Christian Union, N. Y. However pleasing it may be at present to follow our inclinations... However pleasing it may be at present to follow our inclinations, nothing will give peace in the end but righteousness; and nothing is righteous but to deny ourselves and do the will of God. If our gratitude keeps pace with the blessings we receive... If our gratitude keeps pace with the blessings we receive from God, we must begin very early in the morning to exercise it; for His protecting care and tender love is extended to us all the time we are sleeping. Defend the character of the absent... Defend the character of the absent, even of those that are bad. as far as truth Will permit; the rest conceal, unless duty requires its exposure. Every love is impure in proportion... Every love is impure in proportion as it has self for its end, and dangerous in the degree that it ministers impure gratification. O, how foolish is he who defiles his spirit... O, how foolish is he who defiles his spirit, sacrifices a pure conscience, and the love of God, for the sake of gaining the love of creatures. Private and internal devotion improves the affections... Private and internal devotion improves the affections; reading and reflection the understanding. And should my brother me offend... And should my brother me offend, Seventy-times-seven in a day, I will forgive him at the end, And for his reformation pray. I seek not selfish ends, but greatly desire the end of self. R. W. Pelham Societies not mentioned in the 'Record,'... Societies not mentioned in the 'Record,' have not reported in time for notice. * THE SHAKER. MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO THE EXPOSITION OF RELIGION, ACCORDING TO SHAKER THEOLOGY. Fifty Cents, Per Annum, in Advance. G. A. Lomas, Resident Editor, Shakers, Albany Co., N. Y.