Society Record Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Mt. Lebanon.—The South Family have been improving the appearance of the village by clapboarding their laundry building — previously plastered externally ; several new slate roofs are noticeable also. Second Family have razed the old landmark south of the dwelling-house—quite an improvement. They have slated the roof of the office-barn, surmounting the same with cupola and a glittering vane, which seems inviting the wind to blow from the right direction. Second Order have repainted their dwelling, rising quite high to do it. They have also re-roofed several buildings. Cart shed has had new founda- tion. Cow barn has been considerably repaired. The Church Family have put on 150 squares of slate this season. We do not like the black paint on their beautiful; new fence. North: This family ig re roofing brick shop, and making many other improvements. Canaan Families are looking beautifully; pnint, with hard labor, have made a wonderful transformation! May God bless lower family—Canaan ! The Society have made a donation of SI,200 to Groveland. Watervliet, N. Y. Watervliet.—Company of visitors started for Mt. L. on the 8th. South Family have repainted several buildings, and improved dooryard considerably. Res. Ed. of The Shaker officiated at Mt L. Church, August 6th. This Society donated $800 to Groveland —a brotherly offering. Groveland, N. Y. Groveland.—The ground, blackened by the late fire, is already improved by better buildings than those burned. Much regret is felt that the beautiful trees destroyed cannot be restored, only by years of patience. ' So God works through the ages—when the old disappears, something better takes its place. ' Be ye followers of God, dear children.' ' W. H. B. No one wishes Groveland a streak of good luck, more than The Shaker. Enfield, Conn. ENFIELD, Conn.—Church Family have built a new barn, 50 x 60, and are improving their grass consider- ably. ' Our Second Family arc building a large Sisters' shop and wash-house, the progress of which, if noted monthly, would be rather quaint and simple. Good health hei'e.' Shirley, Mass. Shirlei'.— Plenty of rain, of health and of blackberries—the latter twelve miles distant. Early Rose potatoes, an abundant yield—thirteen hills make A bushel! If there is a saint on the earth, the Boston Cultivator makes John Whiteley appear as one! Watervliet, Ohio. Watervliet, O.—Harvest closed, commonly good yield; fmits, excepting berries, very scarce. General health. Pleasant Hill, Ky. Pleasant HIll.—Eight Swedes landed here on July 30th A protracted drouth .still prevails; late crops and pastures will be very short. I5r. Bufus Bryant is able to walk with staff. Thank him, kindly, for getting better. He intended starting for South Unidn on the 8th August. Hortcncy G. Hooser, one of the earliest settlers of this place, has sent us a communication for October She lately observed, that '' she1 had been trying a long while to make nothing of hereelf, but could not Accomplish it; and would have to abandon it.'