Love Hail! lovely one, and teach me what I ask— Whence art thou come, and where is thine abode ? 'What climate dost thou favor most ? and where Canst thou ever be found ? Dost thou fix thy Home amidst perpetual flowers, whose soft and Fragrant breath spreads balm upon the dewy air ; Whose beauteous leaves, of velvet touch, cast far and Near a glowing light and hue on all around, Shut in by towering trees, and scented shrubs;—¦ Whence singing birds, with plumage gay, pour Floods of music on the listening ear; causing The heart quite to forget all else ? Dost thou walk ever with the rich and Powerful ones, on velvet carpets spread out for Thy convenience ? looking on naught That can give pain, or cast a shadow on thy Smiling face ? Does pity never stir thy heart ? and is thy Bliss complete when thou art far removed From all who seek thy aid ? or Dost thou dwell in wilds unknown to busy, Bustling feet, where man does sometimes Seek to hide even from himself, and from the Outer world; holding communion with his God, and all the orbs on high ? ' Hold! simple one! nor let thy mind be caged And fettered fast with thoughts like these!— My name is Love! From God I came; and to his throne do straight Ascend the blessed Beings, whom my power Hath taught. On earth I also dwell; My power is known to all; and in no destined Spot do I my home locate. In lofty palaces of state I sometimes stray, But oftenest am I found amidst the lowly Ones of earth, whose simple tones make music On mine ear. To truth, indeed, most closely I'm allied, And walk with none who slight her mien, Or cover with a veil her virtuous deeds W ith scornful lip. Strife flees at my Approach, and hides abashed, poor meagre thing, That apes the powerful mind, and seeks Ascendancy as such. / love him not! 'Tvveen me and him a mark is set, And when, like fiery steed of war, anxious To plunge into the strife, led on by human ire With dripping steel—or, like the serpent's Rage, hissing its maddened spite—it rushes On, reckless of friend or foe, there J am not. I leave, in dire distress, such vile abodes, And enter not 'till all is calm, and those Poor ones, whom hate hath served, return And seek for me. Then often bitter tears aro Shed that Jam gone, and in my stead Hate takes a local stand. No genial hand Outstretched to grasp its kind, but callous Heart, and words that wound, embitter all Life's joys. Angels look down with pity on The scene, and mourn that mortal man will Thus his highest peace and comfort spoil. My mission I fulfill. ' Peace on the earth, good will to man.' is my Continual aim. The prattling infant and the Hoary head alike I claim for mine; and often Lay the shining locks of youth, most trustingly Amidst the silver hair of age: then stand and Point, that all may see how blessed is my work! While Virtue's smiling face assents. I call aloud to all: ' Come, enter in my train, And I will give to you more than the earth Doth yield in joy and bliss. The cup which Fell misfortune holds I'll sweeten with a Simple drug, ere proffered to thy lips; and Oft assuage the keenest thirst of pain, and Make thy dying couch feel soft and easy By my gentle touch. Though some my name mistake, or misapply, Or borrow for some selfish end. yet unchanged I remain; and when the counterfeit appears All see it is not me! Companionship with Virtuous deeds alone I hold; and when with Sinful lip my name is spoke, the mask a Single eye can penetrate, and see beneath My borrowed vest a hideous form! Then look for me where I am found, and Listen to my kindly words, for they are True, and unto Heaven will lead thee on.'1 Aurilla White, Shakers, N. Y.