The Difficult Lesson LOSING ALL, AND GAINING MORE THAN ALL. One of the most difficult lessons for individuals to learn, is the fact that there are two planes of existence for humanity, either in this world, or in that to which we are hastening with every diurnal revolution of our planet. The vulture-eyed philosopher, nor the lionhearted reformer, outside of Shakerism, seem to comprehend this fact, excepting in very rare instances. Hence, we are not surprised, when Horace Greeley, writing of The Shakers, asks : ' Are our relations with men and women so universally pure, that we may rightly despise those, who, unable to separate the palpable evil from the latent good, reject both together ?' Nor are we disappointed, when Alcander Longley, of The Communist, asserts that Ann Lee's very proper disgust at the low state of morals around her, caused her to run to the other extreme—that of celibacy—instead of stopping at the condition of respectable marriage i In answer to ' our later Franklin,' and our would-be founder of a community, we here say : That we are just as able to see, and to separate the good from the evils of the marital relation as any others; and that we have 'run to the other extreme,' not so much from our disgust of social evils, as for our admiration of the superior joys of angelhood. We know marriage has its proper sphere—on the earthly plane—there it is honorable, when honorably conducted; and for a criterion of honorable marriage we would name either the system of Mosaism or that of George Fox. Scarcely an instance can be produced of marital relations being conducted now, upon either of these admirable bases. And yet, not because of the mourning cry of humanity from one end of the land to the other, do we invite any to become celibates! The Jews were very perfect in their reproductions, when they could bring forth such specimens of humanity as Jesus! and yet, amid the most perfect on the earthly plane the necessity appeared for a celibate order of beings ; and he who was the fulfillment of God's promise to Moses, in ' taking all sickness from the midst of Israel,' became the leader of the celibate or Christian order! Was the reason of Jesus' renunciation of the marital relation, because he could not separate ' the 'palpable evil from the latent good ?' Or were his surroundings so disgusting in consequence of lust that he ' ran to the other extreme ?' Jesus and Ann were the evangelists, not of an improvement of the old order of things, but for the introduction of the New Creation; not for the recuperation of ' the earth and those who are earthy,' but to baptize souls with the resurrecting power of ' the Lord from heaven'—the very antipodeof the ' Adam of the earth, earthy !' Recognizing the distinction between the earthly and the heavenly as we do, we can easily ' comprehend the good and the bad of the earthly,' and ' reject both together,' because of the superior joys and relations of the heavenly. Could we enjoy the felicities of matrimony exceeding the most finely drawn picture of the most exaggerating, sensational novelist; and could we reproduce offspring as perfect as was Jesus; we should feel no more permission to engage therein, than we now do, when ' incompatibility of temper' is so common, and when the production of less healthful progenj^ than monkeys is so general! To us there is a sphere that is as elevated above the reproductive, as our estimates of heaven are superior to our 82 T tl E SHAKBE estimates of the earth. ' Marriage peoples the earth,' said the saint; 'but Celibacy increases the forces of heaven!' and said a 'greater: ' The children of this world (the earthy), marry and are given in marriage;' very properly so, and we wish more honorably so; 'but my children—the children of the Resurrection order—I am the Resurrection—neither marry nor are given in marriage !' Claiming, as we do, to be Christians —having aspirations to be ' the children of the Resurrection;' how eon we be expected to soil our bodies or souls in the mire and filth of that which constitutes the order we profess to having been raised above ? And yet, we are not practicing celibacy because Jesus did; nor because Ann Lee taught it to be a necessary element in the Christian's character; but we have risen in love with the eternal principles they have presented to our enlightened understandings, instead of falling in love with the temptations of nature, pure, or perverted ! Could the angelic hosts personate physical humanity, so would we,have our lives resemble them; not for the appearance, but for the enjoyment here upon the earth, the fruition of thesame principles engaged in by the disembodied pure and perfected. Let others cleave to the earth; to earthly institutions and practices as seems to them proper; such cannot reasonably expect that we, who have had our lives cut off from the earthy plane, can remain satisfied with the nourishment of earthly pleasures; but having become ripe for the Christian harvest, we find a new and higher source of supplies; when leaving our loves of earth, its vanities and relations, we find the never-failing manna, and the ever-flowing fountains of life, eternal life. We are being schooled into eternal life. We have forsaken the loves of the word as well as its lusts, because neither are eternal. We realize war to be the product of earthly loves and relations; we will not fight, nor vote for those who do fight; nor for those who believe in marriage, private property, or who engage in fleshly lusts of whatever description; for these are not eternal, and we pray for their discontinuance. But few have ripened up to this necessity, and to the solving of this difficult lesson—a lesson impossible for the carnally-minded to learn; but the fields of human souls are ripening unto the harvest, and for such we have attempted an illumination. Already in the distance, in America and over the waters, we see, we hear mighty souls pro- claiming the everlasting testimony; still nearer, we see, we hear, from Hammonton, N. J., to Monticello, Minn., the more perfect testimony of an enduring life; and nearer still, we see, we hear, we feel Brethren and Sisters in Christ—' the few who have found it'—walking the narrow way, and ' despising the shame' of peculiarity from the multitude, losing their lives on the plane of earth for an eternal residence in the heavens. *