Christian Equality ' Ye are all brethren.'' There is nothing in the teaching of Jesus Christ more apparent than the thorough and absolute change he purposed to effect in the lives of all those who should become his disciples. This change had reference not only to the individual character of each, but also to the relations they were to sustain toward each other as a community of believers. He taught not only humility, in contradistinction to pride and vanity; gentleness, in opposition to an overbearing spirit; faith and patience, as arrayed against distrust and heart-consuming anxiety ; love to God and the neighbor instead of hatred; but a change in the fundamental condition of Society. In it there was to be neither noble nor plebeian, rich nor poor, bond nor free, as they had hitherto existed in all human societies, not excepting that established by Moses. Not only were these distinctions to lind no place in the community of his followers, but even the titles, which were wont to foster the pride of those installed into any office among men, were to be discarded. ' Be ye not called Rabbi, or Teacher, for one is your Teacher; call no man your Father upon earth, for one is your Father.' There is but one simple relation to be sustained among all the disciples of Christ, that of brethren, the children of one common, divine parentage. This teaching is thoroughly radical, and aims to eradicate a disposition that has had a controlling inlluence upon mankind for ages upon ages—that of exalting one's self at the expense of others. It is not surprising that it has pro duced so little effect comparatively in the world, nor is it a cause of discouragement to one who has studied the Divine method of working, that this doctrine was so soon abandoned by many of the professed teachers of Christ's religion ; that the head of one of the divisions into which the church was split should be stjied Papa, Pope, or Feather; that the chief of another division should be called Patriarch, or Chief Father; and that the teachers of other divisions should assume or accept the title of Doctor, which is simply another term for Rabbi. The Infinite has an eternity in which to accomplish his plans. Nothing else was to be expected, when the professed disciples of Christ discarded his teachings in this respect, but that they should seek to justify their conduct; nor is it a matter of wonder that those who disallow his authority altogether should style him fanatic, because of his extreme doctrines. Chateaubriand, the celebrated defender of '• the Church ' against the infidels o f his day, conscious that Jesus had uttered some radical sayings respecting equality, says : ' The Christian religion estab- lishes the doctrine of moral equality, the only kind which can be preached without overthrowing the world.' That is, to give his own explanation, Christian priests can remind the great ones of earth that they are made of no nobler dust than the plebeian,- which truth the priests of ancient Paganism did not dare to utter in the ears of a Nero or a Tiberias. This wonderful gain, then, has been made by Christianity over Paganism ! To preach more than this would be to overthrow the world ! But Christian equality, whenever practiced, does overthrow the world, and that is the very design of it. It banishes at once and forever all those distinctions created and fostered by human pride, whether of ruler and subject, nobleman and vassal, or clergy and laity. It discards not only the secular titles, as they are called, of Emperor, King, Duke, etc., but ecclesiastical as well—Sovereign Pontiff', My Lord the Archbishop, or Bishop, being as open to Christ's reprehension as any other title. It puts an end to that selfish abuse of God's gifts, by which a few appropriate to themselves that which belongs to the many. It diffuses an abundance of everything needful among all without distinction. It establishes not merely what the French writer styled ' moral equality,' which still leaves the haughtiness of the haughty undisturbed; allows every distinction in Society which human pride has THE SHAKER. 91 devised, together with every -display in dress, equipage and residence that tends to keep up those distinctions, but also actual equality, bringing the proud down to the position they should occupy, and raising the degraded to a condition in which they may enjoy God's greatest blessings. It makes short work %itk everything that enkindles wars or engenders strife of any kind, removing all the causes that lead to them. It strikes a deadly blow at all pleasure, passions and lusts, whose tendency is to weaken and destroy the physical, intel- lectual and spiritual man, and to introduce into the world of God's creation whatever causes hatred, divisions, and moral disturbances. It not only brings society upon a level, but gives to the individual subject of it perpetual quiet of soul. ' If makes the rough paths of peevish nature even, And opens in each breast a little heaven.' Christian equalitjr, therefore, tends to overthrow both the great world that exists in the form of human tyranny and slavery, of inequality in wealth and privileges everywhere prevalent, and the world of pride, ignorance, passion, lust, envy and hatred, and every ignoble thing that exists in the individual breast. In overthrowing these, however, it does not leave society in a state of chaos, nor the individual to float rudderless over the dark ocean. Gradually it brings order out of confusion, dispels the darkness of the mental horizon, brings in the dawn with its resplendent colors, and ultimately diffuses everywhere the heart-cheering and invigorating light of the perfect day. When the former heaven and earth have passed away, the Sons of God chant the anthem that celebrates the creation of the new; they sing of peace and love, of order, equality, and perpetual unanimity. Their melody inspires and fills the souls of all who constitute the family of heaven. WM. H. BUSSELL