Life in God The First Great Cause has deeply implanted in human souls the laws of righteousness, for the government of his children in their conduct towards each other; and in the revelation of His Divine will, these laws in the mind are confirmed. The Saviour said: 'Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so unto them.' His whole life was a dedication to the laws of love and divine justice. In the laws of life, there is a fitness, an ap- propriateness in human action; we will call this fitness Justice. Human beings feel that they are entitled to be treated justly in all the transactions of life. Every one feels that he or she has an inherent right to the bounties of a kind Providence, and cannot feel satisfied when any of these rights are withheld or denied. Integrity in man will scrupulously allow all these rights to a fellow being ; not only allow, but bestow kind acts to aid his fellow man. In the wide domain of commerce, the man of integrity will make known the quality, age and condition of his produce, and regard in weight and measurement the same honest}7'. Every citizen should feel safety in person, character and property; uncertainty in these destroys our happiness. Each man should feel a concern for the life, character and property of his fellow man, not only to guard against casualties, but to render, in sickness or affliction, a kind and willing assistance. Common prudence should teach that we are all human beings, and, as such, may need the same kind attention; and that the human heart, full and running over, will be ready and desirous, under these generous impulses, to render back the measure more than full. The gifted and fortunate should voluntarily be guardians for their less-gifted and unfortunate fellow beings, and, in kindness, counsel tfaem, show them, entreat them; for they lack understanding of the conditions, proprieties, duties and dangers of life. Suffering mortality is beseeching, and must not be turned away empty. 0. for the compassion of the Christ spirit! To the young man or woman in nature, whose life is to begin as the future father or mother, these inquiries should arise: Do I start with integrity in every purpose and design in this highest, earthly prerogative, to do the will of my heavenly parents, in perpetuating my likeness and representative in time ? Or, am I looking forward to scenes of voluptuousness, irrespective of my call, obligations, or consequences ? Do I consider that life and death are set before me, and that I am accountable for the use of my endowments and for the consequent good or evil that may arise in my connection, through time, and for ages to come ? In the matrimonial union you have pledged yourselves to verity and integrity without reserve; and in keeping this solemn declaration in accordance with the laws of nature, depends your future fruitfulness and blessing. In the family relation must be instituted good government; faithful obedience for the child, and religious, rational instruction for youth, all conducted in the spirit of the true Christian. A sacred veneration for God and His divine attribute, Truth, should be deeply planted in the juvenile mind. In the family mansion is laid the foundation of future government of state and nation ; may it be laid on the basis of truth and obedience to law and order, for God works through these principles for the salvation of nations. Let us examine the inmost recesses of thought, for in the laboratory of the mind are manufactured the intentions, designs and consummations of human existence. Wm. Redmon