JUVENILE DEPARTMENT Truth Dear Children :—In God, our Heavenly Father and Mother, are embodied the living principles of all truth. If you love God, and desire to express your love, live in the element of truth — speak the truth, act the truth. Adopt as the motto of every day's life: ' / will speak the truth at all times, and under all circumstances.' You will meet with circumstances that will tempt you to stray from this path of duty, and which promise more pleasant inducements. Beware of the tempter, stand firm by }rour motto ! The real heroes upon our earth, who have striven in the past, and who are now zealously striving to elevate the race, have ever scorned to speak or act an untruth. Learn to be heroic, and you need never fear any harm when clothed with the armor of truth. God will bless, if you will be truthful. The spirits of love and purity will journey with you daily, and writh pleasure; and your spiritual fathers and mothers will own you and admire you if you resolve to stand upon the ground of truth. Endeavor to rise in love with truth, and then the kingdom of heaven will not be far off—you will be in a condition to enjoy life; or, preparing for death, you will find peace and happiness with Christ, in those mansions, not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. O. M. Beaver Formation of Character Dear Editor :—Some time in my youthful days, I remember to have read in some author a very interesting description of two distinct characters. One was of a character of firmness and integrity of purpose, who was somewhat cautious on what he resolved or promised; but the resolution once formed or the promise once made, was never to be swerved from or violated, no matter wThat unforseen difficulty might arise in the performance. The other character, though amiable in many respects, was quite forward and incautious with his resolves and promises, and that too with sincere and good intentions. But he was weak and wavering: the least unexpected trouble would disconcert him, and away wrent all his good resolutions and promises! In a word, he was wholly unreliable, and as men became acquainted with him, they set him at naught and dropped him. On the other hand, the first named character, when inquiry was made concerning him, the reply would be : ' Well, he is not as ready to enter into promises and engagements as some others, but if you once secure his promise you are just as sure of the performance as you are of his life and ability to perform his engagement. He is a man of integrity and faithfulness; one that may be perfectly relied on.' As I read the amplified description of these two characters, I instinctively decided in favor of the man of integrity. After reading, reflection came on, and the question was put home : To which class of these characters do I belong ? Looking back over my life, I had to pronounce judgment against myself; I decidedly belonged to the weak, wravering, unreliable class, which, in my conscience, I despised ! I had been whiffling, shirking and dodging on meeting the least unexpected difficulty. I could not quietly sit down, or go on under the just impeachment of being such a character. It was a crisis, a turning point in my career. I then and there resolved, and covenanted with myself, that I would break up that mean habit of whiffling and changing, and I laid down the following rule for myself: ' Whatever I promise or resolve to do, nothing shall ever prevent me from accomplishing but the absolute inability or want o. power, or the discovery that the fulfillment would be morally wrong.' From that day I have striven, and not in vain, to live squarely up to this rule, and it has changed my whole character and course of life. Hence, I have come to the conclusion that .every youth or young man can, if he will firmly and with all his heart set about the work, change off a low, mean and degraded character and course of life, for one that is far more excellent and lovely. I mean, I believe he can do this by the aids and means which the Gospel furnishes him. This conclusion is the pith of the matter. I do not expect that the character I have drawn will suit every one ; but I do mean that every one has some defects of character which he may discover by honest and faithful selfexamination, and extirpate by decided efforts made in obedience to gospel principles. This is the work of regeneration. There are no mysterious depths in it; it is the regeneration of your spirit; it is putting off the first coarse husks of character, and putting on those refinements of spirit and consequent refined external accomplishments, which the Gospel alone can give and firmly establish in the character. It is embellishing our character and manners with all those glorious virtues which all good men love and respect, and which will enable us to love and bless mankind. I cannot do better here than to finish with a paragraph from a good, old, enlightened author. 'If thou hast any thought of being hereafter a member of that blest society of chosen spirits, of the excellent ones of the earth, of souls framed to love and peace and harmony, thou wilt set thyself in earnest to enrich thy mind with the heavenly graces of meekness, patience, forbearance and benevolence; and in the exercise of these virtues thou wilt find joys inconceivable to the sordid sons of earth; thou wilt endeavor to be to thy fellow creatures, even in this life, a guardian angel and a God.' R. W. P.