Progression What does this word mean ? It means change from a lower to a higher condition. Politically, it means to leave behind old party issues and join hands with those who are the most advanced in the great principles of reform; and were we to predict, we would say that the party destined to rule America is that party who are the most progressive, and that party will yet be made up of the most progressive of all parties,without regard to sex or color. Progression is the spirit of the age and order of the day—to advance forward is the watchword ! Theologically, it means to leave behind old stereotyped creeds of false religions, which had their origin in the dark ages, and which stand directly opposed to the increase of light and truth, which are dawning upon the earth. It means, that when we have considered the truth and meaning of any proposition, however new, if it tends to purity and is accompanied with the evidence and accords with our reason and highest convictions of right, we should implicitly believe and obey, however contrary it may be to our former opinion or that of others. Morally^ it means to leave behind all bad habits, lying, fault-finding, back-biting, evil speaking one of another; all dander, proceeding from envy, should be laid aside. ' Thou shalt not bear false witness against they neighbor ' was a command in the Jewish decalogue, and should not be violated by those calling themselves Christians. Spiritually, it means resurrection—a rising out of the flesh into the spirit; out of the earthly into the heavenly ; out of darkness into light; out of ignorance into knowledge; out of the rudirnental into the angel order; out of persons into principles ; out of the human into the divine; out of malice and hatred into charity and love; out of sin and selfishness into a life of purity and holiness. Just in proportion as these principles are carried out practically, mankind will progress into one universal brotherhood and an enduring peace. This is what we call progression in the right direction. J. S. Prescott