Love to God 'With all thy heart.' Love is natural to the human heart. Extremely difficult is it, if not impossible, to find an individual that does not cherish affection for some person or thing. It matters not into what paths of error and sin one has strayed, there is still in the inmost soul a spot that is capable of being affected by the sweeter emotions. Is it necessary to refer to more than one example to prove this statement ? Can the gall of hatred be more intense in bitterness than that engendered by religious bigotry ? And yet, when indulged in to its utmost limit, its innocent victim recognized, by his prayer for the forgiveness of his murderers, pleading their capacity for something infinitely better. Love is as varied in its kinds as the individuals who exercise it, and of every possible degree. How strong is the affection of some mothers for their children! They are ready, at all times, to sacrifice their own lives for the welfare of such. But in others how weak the tie that binds them to their offspring! What indifference to their welfare, if not positive aversion towards them! And yet these same parents will exhibit an enthusiastic admiration of a dress, a flower, or a piece of music. It is said the celebrated Madame de Stael could pass through a country of the most enchanting natural scenery, without being attracted in the least by its loveliness. And yet she was a woman of wonderful natural endowments, and of great culture. She possessed a love of the beautiful, but it Was that beauty which is dis- played in man rather than that which is without him. Intellect possessed charms for her that external nature did not; and she could be enthusiastic over that which pertained to hu- manity—its antiquities, its literature of all kinds, its past history or present condition. Love will increase by cultivation, not in the same degree in all, for there must be recognized a natural difference in the faculty of loving possessed by different persons as in everything else pertaining to human nature; yet it will ' grow with one's growth and strengthen with his strength,' if carefully and constantly cherished. It is often very feeble in its manifestations, and its possessors, instead of fanning into greater life the pure flame, allow it to become wholly obscured by carelessness, or else, by their excesses, to degenerate into that which is altogether unworthy of the name. 'Love suffereth long and is kind,' but that which is allowed to take its place soon changes to aversion and hatred. Genuine love is free from every taint of impurity, and those who possess it in its fullness ' love each other with a pure heart fervently.' Love always has goodness as its supreme object; hence God, who is love, is the Supremely Good. The human heart that is im- bued with love cannot fail to love the Infinitely Good. It recognizes God everywhere, and adores him with an unerring instinct as well as with the force of the highest reason. It perceives the Adorable in created beings, especially in such as by increasing culture exhibit the divine traits in their greatest perfection, whether physical, intellectual or moral; and in loving them, love the Divine. It perceives him in the various divinely established relations—father, mother, sister and brother; but especially where these relations, by the purity and permanency of the connecting ties, shadow forth those subsisting in the eternal abodes. It sees him in the outward universe—in the unnumbered worlds that move forever around and among each other with so nice adjustment; in the sublimity of mountain scenery; in the beauty of field and forest, lake and river, tree, shrub and flower; as well in the varied sounds that charm the ear, the colors that delight the eye, or the fragrance that pleases the sense of smell, as in those things that appeal to the inmost faculties of the soul—purity, truth, meekness, kindness and benevolence. The emotions enkindled by the contemplation of such things are all of a joyous nature. Love is joy to the soul. It is quietness and assurance forever. There is nothing in it debasing, but that which is perpetually elevating. It changes from glory to glory by the inspira- tions of the Divine Spirit; so that its first degrees, or the feeble flickerings of its primitive light, become lost in the splendor of that which succeeds them, and which will forever succeed; for love to God, Avho is infinite and eternal, must be perpetually increasing, and the soul whose love at first seemed weak and variable, will, ultimately, by constant growth, become strong and unchanging in love as God himself, so that he could no more transgress the divine law, or fall short of its requirements, than he could annihilate a world. Such is the nature of Christian love, thai which was manifested by Jesus Christ while upon the earth, and which has been experienced by multitudes who have followed him in the regeneration, or the new life of love. This ove is consistent with everything that is excellent in the universe, and is incompatible only with sin. 'All things are yours,' is the emphatic language of the Apostle addressed to Christians. All things, whether on earth or n heaven; for he whom they love with unceasing adoration has all things in himself—an nflnite store—which he bestows Avith unstinted land upon such as are 'made partakers of the Divine Nature, having escaped the corruptions that are in the world through lust.' W. H. B.