Heavenly Love When man woke to life, from the plastic clay, he was but animal; when God breathed into his nostrils the breath of love, he became a living soul. Without love, man would have been a savage, and the earth a wilderness. Unrestrained by its benign influence, his bad passions would have become lawless depradations upon earth, and the harvest of death, through man, would have kept pace with the harvest of life through his Creator. But, thank God for the gift of His spirit of love, to soothe and restrain the perverse instincts of man's nature. As the planets, with all their fearful velocity and awful momentum, are yet held, by the silent force of the sun's attraction, within the path marked out for them by Deity, so with the bad passions of man; they are subject to the law of love, and, however wide the sphere of their departure, they cannot resist her influence, and will yield, even at their aphelion, to the omnipotence of her control. In the physical universe the law of gravity is not more illimitable in its empire, nor more universal in its controlling influence, than the law of love in the universe of sentient existences. Wherever being is, or space unfolds, There love exists, inspires, controls. When the morning stars sang together for joy, love was there, as she will be, when their requiem is sung—ruler of the spheres. All that God has ever made, loves and does him full reverence, save only man. Love is man's only entirely unselfish attribute. He may be honest from policy; benevolent for the relief of unpleasant sensations that wretchedness awakens ; beneficent for the glory following it; prayerful that he may avert hell, or purchase Heaven; but to love and cherish his fellow man as himself, is to be more than human—this is divine. Love is a true Mend that never forsakes us while God is with us. When our horizon is overshadowed with darkness, there will love be to give each cloud a silver lining. Love with us, our star of hope shall never set, nor our skies ever be without the bow of promise! Whose love rules, the skies are all serene; with moon and stars brightly shining, as the greater and lesser angels that proclaim the glory of God. When hate usurps, then fierce winds, dread thunders, red lightnings flashing, hold fearful revelry. Love is day, bright, beautiful; hate is night, chaotic, fearful; love is life, glorious, immortal; hate is death, impenitent, terrible; love is the tropic with its balmy breezes, spicy groves, sparkling fountains, singing birds and golden skies ; hate is the poles with their icebergs and frozen solitudes, where the sun never rises, nor darkness ever sets. To love only those that love us, our fathers, mothers, sisters, brothers, sons, daughters and friends, is purely selfish, and wholly human; to recognize all mankind as our brotherhood, is Godlike; the one is the genial warmth oi the domestic fireside, diffusing cheer and solace to ourself, family and friends; the other the sun— fit emblem of its Creator—dispersing light and heat to cheer and solace the whole human race. To love those only who are lovely or admirable, is equally unchristian. We must love all, and most especially those who would most profit by our love. Wherever love will encourage the timid or reclaim the backslider, warm the cold, or melt the stony heart, humanize the savage, or christianize the moralist, there is the place, then is the time, and those are the proper objects of our love. Love is the mightiest of all magicians. At her touch the lion becomes a lamb; the stubborn rock gushes with sweet waters; the dumb speak; the deaf hear; the blind see; the desert buds and blossoms an oasis of beaut}--, and man and angels rejoice that Jesus died not in vain. God made happiness, and the only conditions on which it is attainable; and man might as well attempt to stay the comet in its flight, as to attain happiness on any other terms. God's law of happiness is love. Waken the illustrious tenants of the tombs; the renowned lawgivers ; the all-conquering heroes; all who Avorshiped at the temple of fame, and they will tell us that the dazzling heights they had attained above their fellow men, only enabled them to observe, the more conspicuously, the road to happiness they had so vainly sought, winding through lowly valleys down beneath their feet. They had toiled from youth to age for fame as the most certain means of happiness, and died broken hearted, that they had lived in vain—in vain because they had only learned how to use, not love their fellow men. Their dearly-bought fame, like their shadows, followed them only to the tomb, and disappointment is the only epitaph upon their monuments that the touch of time has not obliterated! Love has a magnetic atmosphere of its own, that attracts to itself everything good and pure, and repels everything unholy and impure. In the presence of one filled with pure, heavenly love, we cannot but feel its inspiration, and become better by its influence. THE SHAKIER. 7 Jesus did not convert his followers by his eloquence, but won them by his love. When he spoke to them, with the force of reason, of their lost condition, they only feared him; when he spoke to them with the power of love, they adored him. In the ministry to his fellows, love is the only agency confided to man that is irresistible in its force, and infallible in its operation upon the human heart. Armed with this, he goes forth a conqueror, and doubts flee before him as darkness before the rising sun. Like caloric and electricity, love permeates all things—no heart so hard but it will penetrate—no spirit so stubborn but it will subdue. Steel and gunpowder may kill the body, but cannot harm the soul; they may subjugate, but cannot reform; they may afflict, but love is the only power that can save the world. If we would that our pathway'' through this world be one of pleasantness and peace; that our every pulse shall throb with joy; that all the golden hours that may come to us here shall be laden with happiness; if we would that our eyes be opened that we may see, and our ears unstopped that we may hear the angels of light, as they sing the songs of the redeemed around the throne of God, then let pure, heavenly love be and abide with us, and become our guiding star to the better land—;from the spheres of the lustful and unregenerate. E. T. Leggett