The Shakers PAST—PRESENT—FUTURE. Shaker life contains nothing so mysterious but which can be fully understood by its subjects. It makes no promises of rewards, nor punishments, excepting the effects of practical life as led by mankind in particular. Whoever can look for the just recompense of their doings, without that expectation of favor, mythical theologians instruct, are men of reason, far removed from superstitious, man-made creeds. And this class have made, are sustaining, and are ripening to sustain, the Shaker Order. In the autumn of 1776, a half-dozen individuals, from England, entered the wilderness of Watervliet, N. Y., built their log house, and began a life of religious communism, similar to the primitive Christians, relying upon direct communication from the angel-spheres for the knowledge how to do and to be. They had a testimony to impart, that they knew would be very unpalatable to all, excepting those who had become so thoroughly disgusted with sensuality, and who felt themselves lost to all spirituality; with no hopes of gaining power over that nor improving in this by adherence to the theologies of the times. Fortunately, of this number, there were a few. The times seemed unpropitious for their mission. War was uppermost in the minds of the people. Their gospel taught purity and peace; and those who, from religious motives, would not fight, were despised, fully as much, as are those in our times who will not marry from the same motives. Since the days of Jesus, the world has never seen a Church begin and succeed, which had so little worldly sympathy, nor whose future seemed so full of despair. This ' little flock ' boldly enunciated their testimony—which, cutting keenly those desires worldly people love best, raised a storm of persecution; and, for years, they suffered abuses that the people of to-day would hardly believe. The Church grew. Its adherents were a noble class of people, religiously inclined—from that class that were ' poor in spirit' and in temporal things. By united efforts, industry, and complete trust in Providence, they soon had a competence, and in less than thirty years inaugurated fifty or more communities, or large families, containing more than a thousand persons, with real estate exceeding a million of dollars' value. Their object was two-fold : First, the accomplishment of their own salvation, beginning with their thoughts and feelings, and continuing to the ends of their fingers—and they found much salvation worked out at their fingers' ends. Secondly, they determined to found institutions where those, who were overtaken by the same convictions as themselves, could gather together and more successfully achieve the practical results of the cross—Salvation. To the Shakers of the past, THB SHAKERS OF THE PRESENT owe a wonderful debt of gratitude. Countingback fifty years, and those things that were necessarily neglected, in order to establish homes for the body as well as paths for the soul, began to appear as possible and necessary. Schools for mental discipline began to assume an importance, second only to those valued seasons—deep labors for the purification of the heart. Still the same motto is held now, as of yore : ' Seek first the kingdom of God,' before expecting ' aught else should be added.' And could our ancestors have gained for us, an advancement of soul equal to the homes they have provided for us (and this anti-christian idea, ' Jesus paid it all, etc.,' is very preva- lent), then we might, long since, have added many things which those not of us complain because we have not, and do not realize the wherefore. We have, unreasonably, been charged with despising progression into the arts and sciences of the day. ' Have you libraries, pianos, Greek, Latin, and aesthetic literature arid manners ?' is the very common inquiry ! But, ' What is your soul-advancement?' is abroad, begging investigators ! Little as we have progressed into music, letters and arts, we yet realize how true it is, these things do not bring purification—it is 'the spirit, Christ, that giveth life !' and other specifications of education are secondary, And we have an eternity to acquire them; we never expect to die! We are, at times, the subjects of a withdrawal of spiritual light; the present is such a season with the Shakers; but as surely as morning succeeds the night, and spring the whiter, so surely do we know an increasing light is at hand. We need not half the faith, fortitude nor endurance our spiritual ancestors had, for with our very favorable surrounding comforts we can ' wait upon the Lord ' in all confidence, though many have permitted their lights to grow dim, and themselves 'to go out from among us.' Darkness does not reign supreme, as in some past Shaker-history it has so appeared; we are more favored; we are just as hopeful; and the world at large needs our testimony, much more than we need members I We are supposed to be wealthy by many : excepting the millions of dollars' worth of real estate we possess, this is not true. The majority of Shaker Communities have a very lean bank account—in fact, many individuals in New York city could buy out the whole number of Communities, if ice would sell! Just why we do not make more money, must be left for another article to show. We are already experiencing the fulfillment of our founder: ' Souls will flock to you like doves to their cots, by hundreds and by thousands !' and we have seen more than this number flocking to Shaker principles for years ! and, at the same time, we have too many flocking to our temporal doors, who have only those seven principles at heart—five loaves and two fishes. Of THE SHAKERS OF THE FUTURE we need only say a few words. Reasoning from causes to their effects, we will not be charged with speculation. We are witnesses of ripe scholarship, in all that adorns earthly life, very common among the people : Arts, sciences, mechanics, aesthetics, etc., are educating the masses. These are finding their theology is not religion; that religion has salvation in it; that salvation will appear as a positive necessity ; for they will be touched by the quickening power of the Spirit of God, that will cause all earthly acquirements to appear as dross in comparison to the salvation of the angel-life. Spiritualism will be the science of a new condition ; and, all other pursuits neglected until this condition is reached, the use of acquired abilities will return, and together with their souls, be consecrated to the pure purposes of God. We are few and ignorant now; by-theby we shall be the many and of the most wise on the earth ! And as, in the spiritual heavens there are more souls than in earth and hell together, so Avill these heavens baptize and consecrate the useful of the earth. And none need fear our numerical force, any more than our poverty of numbers; for ' Christians never did, never can fight.'