The Prospective Era The Fatherhood and Motherhood of man, is God; his pristine home is Heaven! Widely strayed and lost from God, man has been wandering in the dark mazes of folly and sin for ages ; his soul sighing, pining, dying. In tender mercy to the wandering children, God hath long since sent forth to man a degree of light, a pole-star (His revealed Will), a compass (conscience), and guide (Christ's example), to lead the wanderers home. But, as on the physical plane, man, when lost, travels in a circle; so, in like manner, man's progress mentally, and especially spiritually, has been circuitous, or, at best, spirally, for unnumberec ages. While reason teaches that the leas fatiguing course in the pursuit of truth anc heaven, is direct, yet, the whole history of man's progress, thus far, shows his travel to have been spirally, as round a cone; and though convinced that the easiest means of ele- vation from a low state of degradation is directly up the even grade of an inclined plane in other words, pursuing directly from one stage of virtue, to another, still more excellent yet man's travel, out of nature's loss, has been undulating; sometimes asscending the hill of redemption, then descending again towards legradation, loss and shame, seeming to weary of direct elevation even in the attainment of )liss. Asa consequence, thus far, the progress of he race in redemption and virtue, has been slow and tedious; but a brighter day is dawrf- ng, and cheered by the rays of its rising sun, et us, by their light, review the past and discover the development of the future weal of lumanity. In man's onward career in redemption the ' Te deum' of the Adamic dispensation has aeen passed. The impressive mellowing tones of the Sacred Anthem of the Noachian period lave died away, having lifted man a little to a laigher level of earthly righteousness. The needful but sober song of Moses, with its Levitical harmonies and stern legalities, is still rolling its echoes back and forth upon the worldly order, yet on the generative plane, giving tone to moral law, and pointing to a higher standard of excellence. While the sweet angelic song of the Lamb (the testimony of Jesus Christ), is heralding its ringing inspirations, and with its trumpet-tongue calling together sin-sick souls to meet with the assemblage of Angels in the Kingdom of God, singing the joyous anthem of ' Peace on earth, good will to all nations.' Angels in Heaven and saints on earth are chanting the welcome tones of a present salvation from sin, and the soul-thrilling rhapsodies of the Angel-life lived here on earth! While the worshiper at Zion's shrine is filled with prophetic inspirations and heavenly visions of the glory of this prospective era in man's redemption, the multitude err in still lingering in the dispensations of the past, feeding on dried fruits from the ripened harvests of by-gone eras ; hence their religion is powerless for salvation, insipid and uhrefreshing to the soul. While God's increasing work is moving on for the harvesting of the ripened clusters of the vines of the earth (natural families), cutting them off from the generative life, with all its righteousness, and preparing them to become garnered into the kingdom of God. This is the work of the angels, seen by the revelator, John. Let us look to the betokening signs of the swiftly advancing approach of this kingdom, and find an inspiration of encouraging hope; while the Day of the Lord, to the worldly man or to the halting Christian, is a day of darkness and no brightness in it; because such see only by its advent the loss of carnal pleasure and self-will, with all that weds and tethers the soul to an earthly sphere—a worldly life. Jesus said : ' Ye can discern the face of the sky, can ye not discern the signs of the times ?' Man's soul and spirit, as well as his physical frame are longing and yearning for their development and redemption from the thraldom of the curse of sin. God hath provided the means to answer this demand; humanity is seeking them, and will enjoy them, and the day of its advent and power is dawning; this is the prophecy written on all the phases of man's progress that have been passed through, and now borne on the foreheads of the van-guard of human redemption. The rapid strides of man's modern progress 2 THE SHA.KER. in science and art, ministering to the development of physical and mental comfort, is prophetic of a parallel rapidity of the march of spiritual progress to satisfy the yearning and and pressing demands of the soul. Revealed religion has been given of God to bring man's soul home to its Creator; yet, like every gift from God to man, it has been subjected to adultery! Everything that man hath touched he hath adulterated! But one of the paean strains of the Mosaic song was : ' Thou shalt not commit adultery j' and our Saviour hath come to fulfill that law. Let the Children of Zion be glad, for there is a growing evidence of the redemption of his pledge! The adulterated religions of human production, numbered by hundreds, have, one after another, perished from the view; and the remnant are rapidly coming into disrepute, because of their want of salt. But, in them all, there have been elements of salvation which will all be conserved by that religion of full and free salvation sounded forth in the ' Song of the Lamb' on Mount Zion! The scientific discoveries and developments of the day, as the electric telegraph, steam locomotion, etc., are all sympathetically linking the kingdoms of the earth ; and their powers are yet to be felt spiritually, as really as now, physically and mentally; for they are giving character and tone to mind, and through mind to the soul. They are developing a universal interest in human prosperity not bounded by national caste, color nor education. They are contributing to the development of a sensitiveness of spiritual feeling—a quickness of receptivity of goodness. The angels of God are pouring out an inspiration that will fledge the wings of the soul, and render it impatient of a plodding pace in the work of redemption from sin; and soon the progressive march of religious truth and power will be seen moving with an electric speed to satisfy the quickened soul's demands. It is the prophetic promise of the coming era. The progressing man is not, will not, cannot be satisfied with a religion that leaves the soul unfitted for Heaven. The adulteration of religion has been so great that even the element of spirituality has been drained from its cup. The manifestations of spiritualism in these prophetic days throughout the world, is the usher of a new soul-life into humanity—a life in God. And although in its varied phases of progress, human folly and sin are manifest also, discovering that adultery hath likewise set her hostile plough into the fruitful soil, yet angels are sing- ing the song of Moses from Sinai; and, quickened with gospel fire from the heavenly altar, are ringing out: ' Thou shalt not commit adultery;' and many souls will hear and heed its heavenly trumpet. There is a spiritual baptism of heavenly fire, a spiritual life in the consumption and death of a carnal life, now kindling in the elements of religious power, that is destined to consume the world of iniquitous adultery, the birth of the creations of fallen man ! Its advent is near ai hand; it is the power of the coming day of the Lord, now speedily approaching. This destruction of the world—the corrupted nature of man by the fire of the cross of Christ, is the 'end of the world,' predicted liy our Lord and Saviour; it is the prophetic boon of heavenly jromise, clearing the way for the building of he kingdom of God on earth, as his will is done in Heaven; while the consumption of ;he literal earth by elemental fire, as the grand climax of the judgment day, is an invention of luman theology never recognized by the counsels of God. But, in the judgment day of the Lord, now dawning, ' Light is sown for the righteous;' peace for the pure in heart; joy and rejoicing at the judgment throne for the souls whose books of life by themselves are opened to God's witnesses, by an honest confession of every sin, and whose repentance is witnessed by the fact that they go forth to duty in life, and ' sin no more.' The theology of man's adulterated spiritualism hath broken down the barriers between sin and righteousness, hell and heaven, and reduced to one common level of justification the sinner and the saint; the common and enormous evils of humanity, with the most exalted righteousness, purity and godliness manifest in human life; but God's law to man has been operating to separate to Himself all souls who would obey his voice through his anointed teachers, and come away from the sinful state of man; and God's work is not to be thwarted by an avalanche of human theology, affirming that ' Whatever is, is right,' making God the author of sin ! God recognizes sin in the human family, and man as the sinner; and the subject of suffering for it, is not himself, nor some foreign devil; but the devil of man's own erring self-will! And the light of the day of God now dawning, discovers a clean separation between him who serveth God, and him that serveth him not; and a wide distance between the world of wickedness, and the kidgdom of God and its righteousness ! It discovers a real, veritable hell; and, though not the theological lake of fire and brimstone, yet a state of soul- sufferings and agonies, of disobedient and rebellious sinners, grievous to contemplate, and terrible to endure ! It reveals a veritable heaven, and that upon earth, too, the state and dwelling place of the pure in heart, who crucify the nature of sin by rigid self-denial, and sacrifice sinful pleasures for the higher joys of immortal life. The inspirations of 'the song of the Lamb' are leading forth a people out from the worldly plane of generation and lust; separating them from the elements of carnal life, an soul death, to be, not only God's people, but God's pecnliar people, zealous of good works; the objects of his peculiar favor and blessing; not the bounties of partiality, but the just rewards of righteousness and godly obedience. These are they who stand with the Lamb on Mount Z ion, clad in white robes—the righteousness of saints. These are arisen with Christ from the sink of human corruption by following the Lamb whithersoever he goeth; these are the redeemed from among men, on the generative plane, and dwell in the kingdom of God; in one perpetual, glorious day—the day of the Lord Almighty—whose sun of righteousnes and heavenly light and glory shall set no more forever ! Giles B. Avery