Social Life A large number of persons who have visited Shaker Societies during past years, as well as the present season, have written lengthy articles, in which, from their own stand-point, they have striven to delineate the mode of worship, manners, habits, and life of the Shaker fraternity. Some of high intellectual culture, and progressed spiritual ideas, have been candid in their statements, and as far as they had time and opportunity to gain correct information, were truthful and just, as historians. Others, less candid and more unprogressed, have failed to appreciate our efforts in the work of moral and spiritual reform, and have sought, more to please the fancy of the novel-loving multitude, and pander to the tastes of the fashionable elite of the community, rather than to do justice to their own better feelings, or to those whom they ignorantly, if not willfully undertake to represent. But we observe, as old theologies give place to reason, and sectarian prejudice disappears, there is not much controversy between the Shaker who reasons, and those whom reason is shaking. Thanks to the powers above—the good ministering angels, who penetrate with their candle of truth many a darkened chamber, arousing the latent energies of souls, filling them with neAV light and kindling a fire that will eventually burn up the world in them. As the spiritual life of the believers is hid from the natural, superficial observer, so also is their social life a paradox, for both are closely allied, and belong together. Tt remains for those who have participated in the benefits of this social, communistic life—who have performed the duties pertaining thereto, and who, by practical experience, know its worth, to speak concerning it. Our social interests demand that we build each other up in our most holy faith; that we labor in spirit for divine power, for light and truth from on high, for new life, which bids us lay aside the death-garments of sin and heed the spirjt's voice that calls : ' Come forth !' Also, to devote our physical strength, unselfishly to build up the new earth upon which the heavens must rest. ' Hands to work and hearts to God,' is our motto. This consecrated labor is sacred; whatever is done, should be done with the view of honoring God, having reference to the upbuilding of his work, and promoting his cause in the earth, by forming a humanitarian home—a home for the body and the soul. Holiness unto the Lord is the inscription which everything should bear in the saint's home. The benefits derived from this social relation are many; friendships are formed that are true and lasting. In prosperity and adversity, in sickness and health they never fail. Those who are devoted to true principles, are also devoted to those who love and abide in those principles ; and they are as guiding stars through the journey of life, shining the most brilliantly when the storms of lite are severest. Thus do we reap, by the relinquishment of the natural relationships of earth, a higher and more enduring substance of love, emanating from a fountain that is never dry; for from thence floweth 'the river whose waters maketh glad.' Some view the self-denying Shaker's home as drear and lonely, filled with disappointment; just as though the greatest amount of happiness is derived from self-indulgence! When, in reality, that is the greatest cause of misery; and the source to which inharmony, unrest and sorrow may be traced. Carnal or unchristian pleasures find no place in the social life of the Shakers. Many infer, from the fact, that as the marriage relation does not exist on the plane where we have chosen to dwell, every enjoyment, intellectual and social, is abolished. This is a very natural and unspiritual conclusion. We not only sing, ' I want to be an angel,' but we are working out the Angel character, so that we may sing and act as do the Angels—live as they live, and we find no sadness in it—it is real pleasure! Social life among the Shakers is free and broad, bounded only by the law of chastity, which is not bondage, but freedom to those who from true principle seek the higher life on a spiritual plane. It is not strange that Celibates among the Shakers to-day, should be ranked with Celibates of the past, who were necessitated, in order to keep their vows of chastity, to seclude themselves in some recluse of the mountain, lonely cave, or gather within the cloistered walls of a monastery, wearing sad countenances —fearing to smile, lest some unhallowed influence should creep over them. Not so with those whom resurrection power has baptized, and lifted up from the natural into the spiritual order. Innocence and simplicity form the credentials to this new spiritual home, as truly as to the desired, future home in the spirit spheres. Mutual condescension supports, and gives impetus to healthy action in the brotherhood and sisterhood, and we often feel that all of God's unperverted creation rejoices with us in j this pure, harmonial home. The birds chaunt :heir musical lays, the mountains break forth mto singing, and the little hills rejoice on every mde. The heavenly messengers, who guide and guard this goodly heritage, are seen ' leaping upon the mountains, skipping upon the hills,' and we fear not to leap and skip with them. ' O, for a thousand tongues to sing Our great Redeemer's praise.' Anna White, Mt. L.