What do We Worship ? Editor of ' The Shaker :' My Esteemed Brother ik Christian Fellowship :—Recently, while re-reading the editorial in the September number of The Shaker, in which the question is put, ' Which shall we worship, persons or principles ?' I fell into the following train of thought concerning worship : If we ask, What is worship ? the answer would undoubtedly be : Giving the heart's strongest affections to some object earthly or heavenly, human or divine. The element of worship is inherent in every human being. Objects of worship are many and varied, from savageism to saintism. The pen of the historian has made a pathway up through a labyrinth of strange experiences during the ages past; and aided by the reflex of present revelation, natural and spiritual, we are enabled to go back to our antecedents, and learn somewhat of their status, habits of life, and modes of thought, and thereby can measure the discreet degrees of growth, from point to point, or from cycle to cycle, in human progress. It is said that ' God created the heavens and the earth, the sea and the dry land,' and gave his decrees concerning them, and pronounced all very good as they came from his hand. ' The heavens declare the glory of God, and the firmament showcth his handiwork,' sang the sweet psalmist of Israel, while he called upon the sun. moon and stars, the hills and mountains, rivers and streams, birds of the air, the fishes of the sea, and the beasts of the field, to praise God, all of which, in their turn, have been deified and worshiped by man. Is what we call idol-worship, whether in the form of a molten calf, an image, sculptured from the rock, the sacred beasts and birds, or the sun and his satellites, the grossest form of worship ? Many of the heathen Gods were, without doubt, only symbols to the worshiper, pointing to a higher divinity; we will call them materialistic worshipers. And, inasmuch as God pronounced the matter good which they afterwards converted into genii, perhaps it is not so much wonder after all that they fell into error and displaced what God had put into 6 THE SHA.KER order, and made confusion in the elements, just as thousands of ignorant, undeveloped children have done, who did not comprehend their parents' designs. It appears to me, that whatever uplifts the spirit above the sensuous plane of thoughts and action most effectually, is the most worthy of the heart's affections; and whatever leads to sensuality and those passions which God did not create, and never pronounced good, which are fed and strengthened from the hells beneath, should be the most abhorrent to an intelligent, human soul. Some individuals are constitutionally more devotional than others ; thus it is with nations; but, taken as a whole, we are all worshipers in some form. Worship is a component part of our being; and all have an ideal god or gods, before whom to bow and pay homage. Not the lowest worship is that which 'sees God in clouds and hears Him in the winds.' In this enlightened age and nation, where there is so much freedom, expansion of thought, and religious culture, would we not spurn the idea of making brazen images for worship ? And yet are there no sculptured works of art extant to-day, which are not only admired but worshiped ? If the knee does not bend before them, the affections are placed upon them. How many, in our own time, consecrate their lives and give their power unto the god of war, and seek to satiate their ambitious desires by becoming heroes in battle ! and with hands yet dripping in the blood of those who were innocent of crime, and had never done an injury to them or their country, but who were forced to the cannon's mouth by the cruel mandates of the war-power—how such will exult in their conquests, and the people throughout the length and breadth of the land, sing praises to them, and do them great honor! Where is the Christian's God while all this is being enacted ? Do we say that antagonistic elements have so convulsed the ruling powers of earth, that this is mercj^'s means to establish justice and equity in the land; and that such mighty upheavings and earth-throes are for the purification of the people ? Alas for humanity's redemption, if it can only be wrought out by the sword! Again: Is not fashion the great Moloch of the day ? and at his altar do not all, from the prince to the peasant, bow the knee and worship ? Is not honesty, chastitj^, and integrity sacrificed there ? No matter how absurd and unphilosophical the fashion may be, those who are not found in it are contemned; and, rather than endure the scorn of those who revel in luxury and wealth, and crush with the weight of public opinion, they sell their virtue and go down to the chambers of death! And while the god of war and the goddess of fashion are so faithfully served,* the fires of sensuality will never be extinguished ; the hells will be supplied with plenty of fuel to keep them burning! But while we look with deep pity upon those who, instead of standing in moral rectitude, on middle ground between the higher and lower spheres, are descending downward below ' the beasts that perish,' we look with joy and hope upon a large band of earnest laborers in the field of moral reform and spiritual progress, who are putting forth their best energies to better the condition of humanity. The hosts, who inhabit the spirit realms, are marshaling their armies, and preparing to do battle on the higher plane of spiritual truth ; not with carnal weapons will they be found fighting, yet by the aid of spiritual power they will conquer. Ascending scales are already placed by the united effort of men and angels, which reach from earth to heaven. Thousands of hands and hearts are reaching up to angel spheres, crying: 'Give us food that perisheth not; clothe us with robes such as angels wear, even virgin purity, at the expense of all those worldly lusts which war against the soul's peace, which have myriads of worshipers.' While they reach upward, God's ministers of love are reaching down to clasp their hands and lift them up to higher and still higher degrees on the upward scale; that they also may in turn become ministers of saving power and grace to other souls ; and as they rise into the etherial and divine elements, the clearer and more perfect their vision becomes, and the easier it is to comprehend the great Cause of all causes, who dwells in the most interior heaven of all heavens, and is the central sun from which all light and truth radiate and to which all converge, there the true God is worshiped in spirit and in truth. A. Doolittle