Jesus a Sinner! Religions originating in the past—all more or less ideal—rest upon the testimonies of tradi- tion. The credulous are the most devoted. In the ratio that knowledge increases, faith di- minishes. Those who know the most believe the least. The conflict of the ages is upon us. The dead, stoutly refusing to bury its dead, the mouldy yesterdays are in close battle array with the vigorous, out-pushing to-days. God or no God, Jesus or no Jesus, immortality or a dreamless nonentity—which ? This weird drama, involving the political, social and religious, is becoming deeply interesting. The tendency js towards the utilitarian. This speaking present, bristling 'whys' and insisting upon proof, demands the practical and substantial. All successful religious movements must poise themselves upon principles and point to facts—well-authenticated facts, as well as appeal to reason and sentiment. Men generally cultivate the reasoning and women the emotional side of religion. Right balance evolves high moral power. Jesus, a gentle, beautiful and womanly man, was a religious Jew. All religious S}'stems of the past had their sacraments. Baptism in some form has ever been considered a sacrament. That distinguished Avriter upon 'religious beliefs,' S. Baring Gould, M. A., says: 'Baptismal ceremonials include all purifications. The idea that man is held back from perfect union with God by his imperfection, uncleanness, sin, is Avidely diffused and manifests its existence by water, blood and fire baptisms.' The waters of the Ganges were believed to have a purifying effect. Under its rippling surface old and young were plunged. In Egypt, proud of her Nile, the dead were washed from their sins by Osiris; and accordingly, upon Sarchophagi, Osiris is represented pouring water upon candidates in a kneeling posture, just as they enter the land of shades. The Zend ceremonials of the Persians abound in the uses of baptismal waters to wash away sin. ' Every purification,' said Servius, ' is made either with water, or with fire, or with air.' Paul speaks of Israel as having been ' baptized in the cloud and in the sea.' Even the Romans practiced the rite of baptism; and Juvenal criticised and satirized those who sought to 4 THE SHAKER 5 ' wash away their sins by dipping their heads thrice in the Tiber.' Jesus, a Palestinian Hebrew, born subject to the requirements of the Mosaic law, must needs be baptized for purification and the washing away of sin, according to the Israelitish understanding of the ordinance. But, if he was not a sinner, why should he have submitted to baptism by wrater ? Matthew says : ' Then went out to him Jerusalem, and all Judea, and all the region round about Jordan, and were baptized of him in Jordan, confessing their sins.' Mark assures us that, ' John preached the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins.' And in this wilderness John baptized Jesus in Jordan. Therefore, as baptism'was understood to be the ' washing awa}r of sin,' it is clear that Jesus was a sinner! Nothing upon theological grounds could be more absurd than the baptism of a saint. Sinners, and sinners alone, were called upon to repent and submit to baptismal purifications, or the washing away of sins. Many scriptural passages besides those re- cording the impulsive ' scourging of the moneychangers,' and the rude ' cursing of the figtree,' point to the imperfections and sins of Jesus. The apostolic assurance that he should ' come the second time without sin unto salvation,' has some reference, at least, to his first coming as the ' child that grew and waxed strong'—the child both of promise and prenatal tendencies. ' Call not them me good,' said the Nazarene, ' none is good but one, and that is God.' Good and evil are rclationally opposite, evil being synonymous with imperfection and sin. The New Testament further declares that Jesus ' learned obedience by the things he suffered.' Obedience is the most effectually learned by disobedience. The child learns to keep the finger from the candle by first burning it. The suffering consequent upon violated law, is teaching both severe and sound. Some can seemingly learn in no o:her school. ' He was made perfect,' writes an apostle, 'through suffering.' The phrase 'made perfect,' implies previous imperfection, and imperfection is sin. lie was also called ' the first begotten from the dead ;' but how begotten from the dead unless himself ' once dead in trespasses and sins ?' From the 'recorded textual teachings that Jesus refused to be called 'good;' that he scourged the money-changers ; that he cursed a fig-tree; that he learned obedience; that he was made perfect; that he went to John to be baptized of him in Jordan, as did other Sj'rian sinners from Jerusalem and all Judea, '* confessing their sins '; there is no other legitimate inference than that he was a sinner—our elder brother and fellow-sinner, Jesus, 'touched with our infirmities!' Mark well—we have been treating of Joshua, the carpenter's son, whose name, when Grecianized, became Jesus. Not a word have we written of Jesus Christ. This opens a new chapter. The word Christ signifies the Messi- anic, the anointed, the consecrated. Christ, or the Christ principle, is divine. After Jesus was baptized, confessing his sins, the ' heavens were opened' and the Christ spirit from the heaven of the Christ angels, descended upon him, and a voice came saying, ' this is my be- loved Son, in whom I am well pleased.' Now we have Jesus Christ 'our cxampler,' who ministered true love and sympathy. The sermon on the Mount stands out unequaled. Its burden is blessings; its inspirations love. To love those who love us is simply reciprocity, and may be prompted alone by policy. But to love our enemies—to love and do good to those who hate us, is principle, is Christ-like. Thanks, then, be unto Christ, who giveth us the victory.