Earth-Growth—-Soul-Progress 'God formed man of the dust of the around, and ireathed into his nostrils the breath of life, and man ocame a living tiOlll.' Gen. iii. 8. It has been, to some, mysterious, when people of strong minds dispute the scripture which says; God formed men of earth, and the great book of nature proves it. Our race, animals of every grade, and vegetables of every species, are simply dust. Taking a view of the decorations of royalty, the pride of palaces and cities, endless forms of fancy and fashion, heaps of gold in a thousand coffers, with all things terrestrial which man becomes wedded to, ' dust they are and unto dust they return.' When man enters wedlock, by labor and care he may surround himself and his house- hold with treasures and comforts, but they return to dust. When he plants the germ for another existence, we must remember it was created by a natural law fashioned from his subsistence. The mother grows that germ into infant maturity on the subsistence she draws from the same great reservoir through all the changes of gestation. Thus, by a changeless law, she clothes it, strengthens it, and forms it into a being which, like Adam the first, is created from the dust. Thus all nature declares that God not only formed the first man of the dust, but his whole race by generations are drawn from the dust as he wras. We may also easily discern that unborn millions icithout form still lay in the dust waiting to be called forth, to be constructed and reconstructed by natural law into living specimens of individuality. When an infant is forming into life, God, through the agency of a mother, breathes life into it, till it comes into the world and can do so for itself; then it gradually becomes a conscious or living soul, as dark, natural and depraved as the beings who gave it existence. God is in the very breath that quickens the infant into life, as it did Adam, and that breath finally inspires all to feel that they, too, become living souls. The poor Indian and the Scriptures declare that God is in the atmosphere or wind, and they are right; for our first parents said: ' We heard the voice of the Lord God, walking (among the trees of) the garden in the cool (margin or wind) of the day.' From that period till now, the man of earth receives his revelations through nature's elements. The skeptic, when raising his understanding no higher than the foregoing, rests at ease in Infidelity. But there is a brighter page in the chapter. Man in his male and female capacity is emphatically the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. The germs for the whole race of Adam, body and soul, were placed in the earth by an all-wise Creator, to come out from the lowest earth-state, and arise to the highest heavenly state, that they might pass through all changing scenes and study all truth and law, from the lowest to the highest known to men and angels. In his first lessons he can comprehend natural law, morals, intellectual science; and with the intuition of a seer can feel immortality struggling within him. Paul, under heaven's own inspiration, gives us the key to unlock the formation of the first 3 THE SHAKER. heavenly world we are to enter, when he says : ' The invisible things of God are clearly seen, being understood by the things which are made.' Or, in other words, the next higher state, which to the earthly man is invisible, is mapped out and fashioned like this. This being the infant; that, the higher school of knowledge. Ministering angels reach down from thence to help all, who in this world cry for assistance. From this invisible source, sages, bards, seers and just men receive divine illuminations. Prophets, apostles, witnesses and leading messengers in God's orders, from age to age, have been privileged often to stand face to face with higher, more advanced spirits from the better land. These messengers of progressive truth, from regions of light, consolidated into heavenly form, have given to better men and women, beautiful revelations of priceless value to advance and raise up the race. God's suffering children, through all ages, have joined hands with these messengers, and have been helped up step by step 'till they have with Abraham caught a view of the holier city which hath foundations; and as Daniel declared : ' Many of those that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake,' and arise to a holier resurrection by these heavenly visitations. Wm. Leonard