The Coming Millennium The Shaker, to its friends of 1872, greeting, with thanks to its friends of 1871, and to the press, by whom it has been received with so much courtesy, and treated with so great tenderness, if not kindness, these are due in an especial manner. We feel that the mission of The Shaker is coincident with that of Jesus and his twelve apostles in the year one. Jesus, when perfected, represented a sphere that was ' far above all heavens.' The twelve apostles represented the kingdom of heaven upon earth as it culminated in the Pentecostal Church. The condition of the world, to-day, is strictly analagous to what obtained under the Roman empire : The same general expectation of some radical impending change, something that would overturn and supplant existing systems. Then, as now, science dominated over religion; skepticism over theology; inherent abstract rights over organized wrongs. Spiritualism and spiritual manifestations permeated society through and through. A more subtle and powerful spirit, that should effect the long-lookedfor revolution, and the agents through which it would operate, had already been in their midst for a generation; the many knew it not, and the few who did, were opposed and persecuted. The kingdom of heaven, as established within and among the apostles, and in a more expanded form after the death of Jesus, was a condition where good and evil, light and darkness, were mingled together; yet where the good, and true, and right, predominated over their opposites. Jesus, who founded this kingdom, has been worshiped by millions as God, because the race has ever identified the most perfect correspondent of Deity, with which nature or the mundane world furnished it, with God himself. The twelve apostles personated the twelve foundational principles of the Christian system; and they also embodied in their character the fundamental principles of the Jewish dispensation. ' Other foundation than these, can no man lay' for the coming millennial order. The past twelve numbers of The Shaker have been devoted to the eluci- dation of the above named principles, and of the history of their effects upon and among mankind. These comprise the mission of Jesus, and of the twelve men whom he has immortalized, by whose means have been effected the revolutionary turnings and overturnings of all human, earthly institutions for the last eighteen centuries, from the year one to 1770. The spirit and principles of the Christ-world, commingled with worldly elements, have hitherto ultimated themselves only in man governments. About the year 1770, another influx from the Christ-world, coming down through the spiritual world, there using as a medium the Pentecostal Church, which was removed from the earth when the compound heathenChristian governments, made its continued existence impossible, except in the disjointed, distorted form of the monastic orders, and in the two witnesses, struggling to preserve the seed of the ' kingdom of heaven ' on earth, and chanting a continual prayer for its reappearance. In answer to that universal prayer, ' the kingdom came' at the time appointed, as demonstrated by Cummings and Shimeall, and thousands of the literary and religious chronologists—the great lights of Christendom—about the year 1770. But this time, the agent unexpectedly proved to be a female, and not the reappearance under the physical resurrection doctrine of the identical man Jesus. Through this female, the dual nature of Diety was revealed, and formed a. proper logical basis for all governments of a dual humanity, in accordance with which seventy pentecostal communities arose in America, being cotemporary with the United States Government. The history of these two governments will run parallel like the history of Esau and his descendants—the Mohammedan powers ; and the history of Jacob and his posterity —the Israelitish powers, or Jewish people. The Shaker, or spiritual order of celi- bacy unites, as was never attempted by the monastic orders, the two powers of human- ity—male and female—in one community, under a parental government of father and mother, as types of the Father and Mother God. The second, or United States Government, or natural order of propagation, will ultimately be fashioned after the pattern of the Mosaic nation in the wilderness, and in their early history in the land of Canaan. The same principles embodied in the Jewish laws respecting property—right to the land, agriculture, dietetics, physiology, and of the sexual relations pertaining to reproduction, and the rights and privileges of woman. The same knowledge and use of spiritualism, as the only legitimate war agent, also as an agent for the discovery and punishment of individual criminals, as well as ungodly nations. Thus will the Millennium be actualized on the earth, by the Christ-spirit acting through the agency or mediumship of the Gentile Pentecostal Church. The prophet ' saw the hands of a man under the wings of the cherubim '—the earthly government for the order of propagation subordinate to, and protected by a spiritual order, as the spiritual order will be subordinate to, and protected by the earthly order—individualized identities, like Esau and Jacob ; yet like them brothers, ' the elder serving the younger.' Esau possessed the physical power, Jacob the spiritual. In the earthly government, the. Lord shall rule in righteousness; for men and women will be equally represented in offices, as in the taxes and burthens. The love of God towards their children, sons and daughters of their own creating, will cause the life elements to be common and free to all. External ' wars will cease to the ends of the earth,' because the reproductive powers will be under governmental control, for the production of perfect men and women. Hence, the war power will be transferred to the earthly government in the spirit world; as illustrated in the history of Israel. The powers and principles of both orders, as they exist in the spirit world, are seeking to incarnate themselves upon earth, in the Shaker Church and in the United States Government; by the divine Spirit, through the agency of Spiritualism, this will be accomplished, and ' the powers of the world to come,' are even now working mightily to this end. The talented, but erratic Francis Train, is a spiritual medium for the much abused and down-trodden Irish, who have passed into the spiritual world, in an unsubdued worldly spirit; they seek vengeance on THE SHAKER. their enemies in this world; and in a re- bellion of their countrymen, they would stimulate and instigate them to acts of rapine and violence, congenial to their own passions. Victoria Woodhull is a medium of the other sex, for the corresponding mission to Americans. These two, according to their own predictions, are the next presidents of the United States. They will be largely assisted, from the other world to realize and fulfill their own prophecies. At a public dinner, given by the Emperor of Russia, he confessed with the simplicity of a child, what was confirmed by the Empress, and other members of their suite ; that he was influenced by spirits, through the American medium, Home, to emancipate the twenty millions of serfs: and that the spirits helped and sustained him in the accomplishment of the arduous undertaking. Prince Albert and Queen Victoria were spiritualists; and skeptics are calling her crazy, and seeking to dethrone her upon that ground. Lincoln and Stanton were spiritualists, to our personal knowledge; and to the spirits, were due the emancipation of slavery, and the final success of the North. England, to-day, must recognize the power of the spiritual world, and bow before it, by letting her government be fashioned after the 'pattern shown in the Mount,' or share the fate of France. She has 'taken the sword' externally, and is perishing by it. Her priests, for the salvation of her soul; her doctors, for the cure of her body; her lawyers, for the protection of her property; her army and navy, for her defense against her enemies (created by her own wickedness), are eating her up. Her own sons and daughters are her worst enemies, being despoiled of their inherent rights. These, inspired from the unseen world, through its thousands of circles, are enthusiastically demanding that none shall possess who do not help to create. They claim the land as belonging to the English, the Irish, the Scottish, and the Welsh, without distinction of sex. In a word, the time has come for the founding of the spiritual order, in England; and parallel with that, will go forth spiritual agents, that cannot be over-awed, overreached, over-powered, nor checkmated by human authority or subterfuges; ' untii the Lord rain righteousness upon' the earthly government of England, foundec upon millennial principles. As before stated, both the earthly anc spiritual orders and governments are now in full, successful operation in the spiritua world; and, unless human beings on earth can overthrow and destory these, the influences therefrom will continue to descend to earth, as ' refreshings from the presence of the Lord,' and demanding the restitution and restoration of all truth there concentrated, that 'God has ever spoken by the mouths of all His holy prophets ' among all nations, and among all peoples, since ;he world began ; until every true principle that has been, and every prophecy of good that is to be, shall also be concentrated in ' this generation.' And the little Shaker will yet, more than heretofore, become a medium of ' the Spirit and the Bride, who say Come; and let him that heareth, say come,' and work out their own salvation, by helping to build the temple of the Lord —a Celibate Church on earth, and to establish the millennium among the nations. F. W. E.