Religious Organization — Shaker Homes A retrospective view of past eras shows that erring humanity has wrought much in harmony in the world, and builded that which must be pulled down and cast away to give place to something better, more enduring, as the race advances to more progressed conditions. The past has had its prophets and prophetesses; with eagle eyes they pierced the future; and while their hearts were touched and quickened by inspirational power, they foretold the coming of a day when the Highest would begin to show his city which in the Apocalypse is called tlie New Jerusalem. God's city, builded in the heavens, coming down from Him to earth, ' where discipline should be kept in peace,' and the sound of war would not be heard, and wherein Wisdom would hide his treasures from the carnally wise and sensually corrupt, and reveal them to the pure in heart, and the meek should possess them. And the Apostle Paul, by faith, saw a perfected, organized body, having one Lord, one faith and one baptism, in perfect unity of feeling, having progressed beyond the childhood condition of being tossed and carried about with every wind of doctrine; a body having many members working effectually for the increase of the whole, in one fitly joined compact. Such an organization, founded upon divine revelation, is beginning to be known, and as in the harvest the wheat of the husbandman appears, so in due time God is revealed as Father and Mother. No longer we cry Abba, Father; now, true, legitimate sons and daughters are brought forth and commenced to build the New Jerusalem according to the pattern formed in the heavens. The lessons of past ages have not been wasted. The present is a time of deep searching and inquiry, and to a great extent, of religious aspiration; and thousands are positive dissenters from all popular creeds, and are seeking for an organization that shall combine the efficienc}r, purity and simplicity of the true church of Christ. The light of divine truth is shining upon humanity, and a spiritual power is at work that will shake the false systems that man has builded. Those who inhabit the New Jerusalem, or Shaker Order, must leave the old, and become new creatures in Christ, having their affections placed on things above—forsaking the accidental or partial relationships of earth, and forming the perfect Christian character by living like angels in the resurrection heavens. The ties and affections which bind kindred relations together on the natural plane, are good and 8 THE SHAKER. useful in their place; but that which was even once glorious, by the law of progression ceases to be glorious, as that which is freedom to-day may become bondage to-morrow. The spiritual elements are full of signs, which give promise of a greater fulfillment of prophecy than has yet been given—' the heavens hasteth'—the angels work, and mortals must work. The spirits call for more of the angelic, less of the Adamic. We need to learn to ' dwell in everlasting burnings,' until selfpride and all that is not godly and true is consumed in the soul. Those who learn to praise God in the fires of truth, will become so purified and refined as to reflect the image of the purifier. Such, whether on earth or in the spirit spheres, will form a heavenly home of peace, founded upon eternal principles. Jane Knight