A Search for God's Peculiar People I find in the Ileligio-Philosophical Journal, two searches instituted, one after God, the other after God's people—his peculiar people the latter of which, elicited the following : S. S. Joxes : Dear Friend—I am a reader of your paper; and my humble and devout prayer is, that the ever-living and true God, who is Spirit, the great architect of the Universe, whose ways are past finding out, the prime cause of all effects, whom no man hath seen, nor can see, and who will still continue to elude the 'Search after God' of poor Friend Frances and all other created and subordinate intelligences; may he overrule and aid 3rou in the work assigned you, and ali other laudable and honorable pursuits in the way of progression. I see in the last number another ' Search after God's people ' instituted from St. Joseph, Mo., by Edward Abner Davis. This is one of :he best and most progressed productions of the age. This search, please allow me to predict, will prove a perfect success ; unless, however, the eyes of the dear man, like many of his fellows, be hopelessly blind by the God of this world, while that of Friend Frances' ' Search after God' has done, and will continue to do untold good; believing that all things are working together, and must, and will continue to work under the supervision of Divine Prov idence for the elevation, purification and ultimate happiness of the race. We are now living in the morning of the great Sabbath of the world, in which man, who is a figure of him that was to come, and who is male and female in the image and likeness of Him that made him; for the work of multiplying hath begun to cease from his own works (procreation) as God did from his, both on Sunday. The work of the old world was finished on Sabbath; the work of the new world will be finished on Sabbath also, and is now in a marvelous state of progression. Just look at the surrounding co-operation of the signs and facts of the times ; and let all parties hasten conditions preparatory to honorably and profitably meet coming events. God's people—his peculiar people—under the hallowed influence of the laws of the spirit of life, entered into the work of cleansing the temple under the auspices of the American government, formed themselves into a body in the way of holiness in the year 1792, precisely upon the same principles of the primitive pentecostal church; who first became pure, then peaceable. This important event proves, first, that E. A. Davis could not find 'God's people—his peculiar people '—where he sought for them, for the simple reason, that the son of perdition still held the temple. Second, that Christ does not, will not, and cannot dwell in a dirty house or temple, for the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are. Third, that Christ has returned the second time without sin. Fourth, that the days were shortened, and that too, for ' God's peculiar' people or elect sake, 208 jears ; and let the members of this heaven-born association thank the Lord, that they are now no longer under the painful necessity of praying ' Thy kingdom come,' for they now move and live in harmony with the general assembly and church of the first born that are written in heaven; and now preach and sing the fact, that now is come salvation and strength, and the kingdom of our God, and the power of his Christ; and claim to be an association of incarnate spiritualists of the pure, unadulterated, primitive Christian stamp, and are now living in some of the very houses, and enjoying some of the very fruits, of some of the very vineyards, that God told the prophet Jeremiah, his peculiar people should build and plant, together with the hundred fold, that Jesus told Petei his peculiar people should hold and enjoy, and this is the only order of people under the heavens, that ever did, or can possess the hundred fold of houses and lands, etc., with the title to a happy future existence in consideration of their sacrifices for Christ's sake anc the Gospel. Dear friend Davis, like good old Nathaniel, come and see—see God's peculiar people, a people to be wondered at, a company of virgins, both old and young together, whom the prophet saw go forth in dances, led on and governed by the same Prophets, both he and she, the true antitype of Adam and Eve, the Lord our righteousness. Come, and see, and judge for yourself, for ' ye shall return and discern between the righteous and the wicked, between him that serveth God, and him that serveth him not; for by their fruits ye shall know them.' Your friend, G. H. RUNYON