Life in God We cannot change God. The great benefit of prayer consists in the possibility of changing ourselves, and coming into harmony with heaven. We cannot commune with God without sin- cerity ; we cannot ask His aid without the purpose of doing right; thus by continual prayer we accustom ourselves to seriousness, devotion and truth. In this way, we gradually attune ourselves into the love of righteousness, truthfulness, and the love of our fellow-beings. When in harmony, or conjunction with the grand Luminary, we receive the rays direct, just as the sun shines on our bodies, when no clouds intervene; spiritually we feel the influx creating a congenial influence; the divine rays permeate our souls ; our bodies sympathizing and partaking; the whole man becomes homogeneous under the benign influence. In a large assembly, all fervently engaged in prayer, the united spirits produce a powerful force for good; we may say, almost irresistible; thus, all engaged are partakers of the common good, enjoying the benign benediction. In a city of infidels, their spirits can be felt, and become oppressive; like a black cloud overshadowing earth, portending calamity, the sympathy of evil with evil gives the painful idea of history, how large cities become so desperately wicked! The youth and children breathing the contagion, grow up, and fill the decimated ranks in the polluted and besotted precincts of vice and misery. For this reason the saints should make a united effort, joining their feelings and blending their souls in holy inyocation; beseeching the heavens to give us their powerful aid in withstanding and staying the torrents of earth ! Love, among God's people, is an abounding and abiding treasure, on which the members are continually drawing, and the stores thus drawn, are paid out and add to the circulating medium ; in this way a united blessing is continually going the rounds. How long, may we ask, before the general practice of the divine attributes will convince men and women of the potent efficacy of choosing the good and of refusing the evil ? Good universally produces good, and will, in the last practitioner, to the endless ages of eternity, causing unceasing happiness ! And evil will, in the same ratio, produce its kind, propagating misery and unhappiness, so long as people continue to be willing devotees to a life of wretchedness ! THE SHA.KER. Strange ! yea, very strange, why people cannot see and feel the consequences of sin, and return and make choice of a righteous life! We appeal to the consciences of men and ¦women, if they have not felt a blessing in the practice of the divine nature; and condemnation in a sinful life ? Men and women, in their normal condition, can bear testimony to these unfailing facts; in speaking the truth, the simple truth, the man is satisfied; he feels he is right, has done right to his fellow-being, and all will be right in their future intercourse and transactions; and cannot possibly harm anybody in the divine precincts of truth ; but, like a ray of light, truth passes directly on through the consciences of men, to its destination. If all the conditions and intercourse of human beings were predicated on truth, the results would be just, satisfactory, and harmonious. Justice is nearly allied to truth, and may be said to be concomitant; every person feels that he or she should have justice, or their rights in every transaction, and are not satisfied without it; in the common relations among men, every man, in speaking, writing and conversation, wishes to be reported truthfully; so in commercial transactions, he wants full weight and measure, and also the quality, good of its kind; to be delivered punctually as stipulated, at the time and place, in good condition. And it may be said that traffic, or commerce of the world, is predicated on the amount of justice obtained in it, at the time of the importation or exportation. When the parties act in justice, according to the dictates of conscience, the machinery of commerce moves smoothly, carrying the articles of exchange safely into the port of destination ; the same honest performance in overland exchanges produce the same good results, leaving no just cause for accusation. In order that human beings shall do their duties faithfully to each other, it is absolutely necessary that they should keep in a normal condition ; no artificial excitements ; nothing of any kind, to throw the physical or mental faculties out of equilibrium or balance; these conditions will require total abstinence from all alcoholic and stimulating drinks; also, of the narcotics, and every other substance calculated to confuse the mind. Truth and justice, in their externals of ownership, seem to come up only to the judiciary, of which law takes cognizance ; we must have something deeper; the holy Saviour said, ' A new commandment I give unto you, that ye should love one another.' This higher law covered the whole Mosaic, having a large margin over, on all sides ; calculated to take in and shelter all conditions and wants of society. There were many pains, aches and wants in the human family, which the preceding laws did not reach; but the compassionate Lord Jesus alleviated these by the introduction of love into the economy of life, both physical and metaphysical: It was ' more blessed to give than to receive; from him that would borrow, turn not away;' the second coat had to supply the neighbor's want and comfort; poor and needy, the sick and infirm, every degree of want and necessity were supplied by love. Love is full of sympathy and kindness; has compassionate tears for the afflicted and distressed, in the most loathsome form; love has a way to alleviate all the distresses of suffering and mourning humanity. Love institutes Peace on earth and good will to man.' 'Love worketh no ill to its neighbor.' It is the sovereign remedy for all wars, combats, contentions and strifes in the human family; the heart once full of love, there remains no disposition to discord of any kind; the children of earth could and should greet and embrace each other in the arms of love! ' My Kingdom,' said the Lord Jesus, ' is not of this world, if it were, my servants would fight.' Strange, passing strange, that professing Christians have never come to the knowledge of this most important truth; but still continue the most diabolical and scientific modes of wholesale murder ! and at the same time kindly and coolly make preparation to be merciful and compassionate, after the atrocious deeds are accomplished 0 wonderful Christians ! Why not at first heed the voice of God, ' Thou shalt not kill !' And of the compassionate Lord, ' Love thine enemy, do good to them that persecute you and despitefully use you.' These are the laws of the Christian. Murderers are not Christians. Wm. N. Redmon