Keep Doing Perhaps there has never been a time in the history of our race when there was so much need of true, earnest workers as at present. As patient, loving parents await the growth and development of children, bearing with the foibles of childhood and youth, guiding, instructing, reproving and holding them in check through the period of young, immature life; and, as the husbandman watches the growth of his fields and gardens, and anxiously, yet patiently, waits for the glad harvesttime when he can gather from the seed sown, a large increase; so have the Eternal Parents of the Universe watched and waited for the growth of the race; every part of God's creation has been growing, changing from grosser to higher forms of life, and is becoming more sublimated. During the last two decades, it would seem that all things have combined, throughout the realms of mind and matter, to hasten the ful- fillment of the visions of ancient seers, who, touched by inspiration s holy wand, and warmed by the celestial fires which are kept burning continually on the altars of truth in the inner worlds, pointed to a golden age, a millennial period, when truth would displace error, and light would dispel darkness, and when there would be a gathering together of the saints, who should build cities and inhabit them, plant vineyards and eat the fruit of them. Intellect has been quickened ; mines have been penetrated, and, by the aid of man's intelligence, have poured forth their treasures of wealth — gold, silver, iron and coal — by means of which, facilities for travel, trade and commerce have been increased many fold. Moral, as well as physical forces have worked powerfully to aid in removing great wrongs which existed in the American nation. War, although direful and demoniac in its nature, grappled the slave power, and severed the chains so strongly riveted. It may take a generation to efface the bruises and scars that chattel slavery has left upon its subjects, but its power is broken. The nation passed through a severe ordeal — a deadly contest; but, perhaps, it was the only remedial agency that could have reached the disease which, like a cancer, was gnawing at the vitals of the nation. The heavens have also been opened ; Angels from the interior, spiritual world have descended to earth, and mortals who were the most spiritually progressed went forth to meet them with a joyful welcome. Others, less pro- gressed, whose mental and spiritual vision was beclouded, because of their strong love of, and attachment to, outward natural things, have stood doubting, halting, between diversi- fied opinions. While yet another class is strongly allied to sensuality, yet boast of in- tellectual attainments and scientific knowledge, but includes lovers of pleasure derived from the sensuous appetites on the low, animal plane of existence, deride and scoff at God's messengers sent to teach the higher truths; and such, if convinced at all of inter-communings between Angels and mortals,, must be met by gross manifestations through ponderous, material objects. But, Oh, the change, the mighty change, that has been wrought in Christendom, in the thoughts, in theology, and in the modes of reasoning. True, the effect upon life has not been practically what may be desired; but coming events are casting strong shadows before. New truths have never found favor with the masses. Persecution has always been a concomitant of newly-revealed truth in all ages. The prison, the faggot, and the rack, have stood to defy the progressive powers, and the agents of those powers, to keep them from doing. But, when the heavens have opened, and spirits have descended to earth as messengers of truth, whether in form of a dove, or in the semblance of a pillar of fire, or of the word of testimony, which proceeds out of the mouths of saints, there is an opposing spirit which makes war with those who have the testimony of Jesus, which is not only a spirit of prophecy, but also a swift witness against all works of iniquity. There have always been those who, Gideon-like, have triumphed over the dark powers of the beast and his image, which came up from the bottomless pit of unsubdued passions, who would not league with them; and though the arm of civil power was raised against them, and sentence of death was passed upon them, they loved God and his truth, and feared Him more than mortal power that was only able to kill the body; and they kept doing until they were cut down by the hand of persecution, and other media came forth in their places. Truth has lived and worked its way from age to age, and now we have outgrown the old and grosser forms of persecution, and we do not fear the prison nor the flame; but, to-day, the same spirit works in a more subtle way; and were it not that spiritual media are numerous, and the influx of spirit power so universal, flooding the land with light, and the proofs of their mission so strong, the force of popular public opinion would be the guillotine of today, and the reputation of the subjects of new increasing light would be suspended from a scaffold which priest and laity would unite in building, as for the old against the new. The grosser forms of persecution intensified the zeal of the martyrs, but the subtle agencies of the present time are more to be feared, because the opposing spiritual forces in the unseen worlds lend their aid and stimulate the opposing forces in those who are still in the material form. It would seem that this is pre-eminently a time for work; the field of labor is large, and let everyone keep doing; if but little be accomplished in the right direction, that little is better than nothing, and better than inaction. The Seers and Sages, Prophets and Martyrs of the past, to you we will sing requiems of praise, and render thanks, while we pledge ourselves not to stone or kill the Prophets of to-day, but with them work—for God and humanity. Keep Doing. A. Doolittle