Christianity ' Should be a brotherly bond of friendship connecting all duties and regulations for spir- itual and temporal interests, and uniting all mankind into one social bond of union.' CHRISTIAN GOVERNMENT. ' The reigning system of Christianity ought to have been a true and pure theocracy—religion ought to have settled all disputes among Christians, and not the judiciary tribunals. The elders as Shepherds, as Fathers, should correct faults with energy and love; and promote, by their own examples, the cause of virtue and good conduct.' SUCCESS IN CHRISTIANITY. ' Whoever pursues Christian principles dilgently, will obtain the Kingdom of God; for that cause cannot come to nothing, nor be always oppressed, which a number of truthloving souls persevere in through life and death.' . TEST OF RELIGION. ' The purer the principles of religion are, the more strictly will it promote the welfare of community; and this is the most true and infallible test of the present religious societies.' OPPOSITION TO TRUTH. ' The more obstinate and stubborn a man or a nation is disposed towards principles of righteousness, the more severe and the longer will they have to bear their judgment, and suffer their loss, and, consequently, will arrive later at the goal of redemption from error.' ' The interior of humanity must become the exterior, and all its abilities and faculties must be manifested and unfolded.' ' Many a good fruit grows in a hard shell. Everything begins small, and whatever is true, ends great.' ' The spirit of the age abhors needless works of vanity and self-interest.' ' The career of time advances, and the will of God is fulfilled in defiance of the contumacy of men; and the more they engage in controversy and opposition, they reciprocally and gradually, among themselves, smooth off their ragged sides and corners, until finally the truth is acknowledged, and the social life is granted to be the best and the most advantageous.' 'To test the principles of any party whatever, either political or religious, we must enquire: Do they tend to the promotion of human happiness ?' ' Many enthusiasts, by their fanciful ideas, and fine-spun speculations, have formed to themselves a heaven, and a kingdom of God, which nowhere, in reality exists, and is nowhere to be found, excepting in their heated imaginations.' ' Mistaken men try to arrange affairs with God, before becoming reconciled with their fellow creatures, by whom they are surrounded.' ' That religion is at one with God which makes its possessor first pure then peaceable.' ' Christianity is the salt of the earth; and humanity needs salt rubbed in to keep it from spoiling.' ' All deeds done to our fellow men not wrought in love, are a curse to humanity—they are murderous.' —Selections from Geo. Rapp