Leaves from a Journal of Spiritual Enlightenment Aug. 20tti, 18.—The speaker lies on a led of sickness. ' My soul is weary. My life is a constant combat of conscience with sin. I am so weary, I feel it would be a relief to die; and yet, I fear to die. Yes, whatever may be my profession to others, I must own to mjrself that I fear Death. Thou knowest, 0, Father, that I have honestly striven to live up to the precepts of Thy dear Son. Yet, strange it is, I don't half believe in his existence, or in a future state. I cannot comprehend my own state; I seem to believe and not to believe. I see now: My reason is convinced, from the evidence which appeals to it, that there is a future existence, and a God; and that Jesus is His Son; and that his precepts are the bread of life ; but I cannot realize these things. I can consider, and speculate upon these things, but they present nothing to me that I can be sensible of. I want to feel a communion with the Divine Spirit. But, stay; the Church, to which I belong, is steadfastly opposed to such communion. I shall get soon to be that absurdity—a nvystic. Hang the Church ! and all the Churches ! I don't believe in them; they can give me nothing to satisfy me. I want peace, and they give me unrest. Why, 0, God, can I not have Thy Spirit dwelling in my soul, like Thine Apostles of old ? Why is this, 0, my soul ? A voice answers me: ' It is because of Sin !' Yes, I know I have sinned; and I know very well what Sin is, though I can't explain it; and I know that as soon as I get up from this bed, I shall be at it again. But it is ridiculous to say I must not sin. Hoio can I live without Sin 1 The Churches all say we must sin. I will own it, I am quite puzzled. 0, my God ! must I ever struggle like this, and yet find no releasement ? ' Enter, elderly, socialistic-materialist Friend. ' Well, my dear boy, does your philosophy support you, as you contemplate Death ? ' ' 0, let Death come, he has no terrors for me !' ' Well, have you thought upon my remarks on the singular superstitious institutions of this extraordinary time ? To me many of :hem present much that is well worth study.' ' I have considered your remarks, especially on ' The Shakers.' Pray, repeat some of their peculiarities.' ' They dance in their worship.'' ' Ridiculous !' ' They believe Christ has appeared a second time, in a woman.' ' Blasphemy ! ' ' They have all things m common.' ' Fiddle-dee-dee !' ' They do not mary, and have no criminal intercourse of the sexes.' ' Hold ! Hold ! or you will send me to the popular King of Terrors sooner than need be. My curiosity, however, is excited, and, if I recover, I will go and see these Shakers. It will be deeply interesting to me to witness, in actual life, the extremest phase of hypocrisy and fanaticism : for, as a student of human nature, I know these two can exist together in one mind. But, friend P------, I will bet you that, in three weeks, I will find out the humbug. Before I go, I know enough of human nature to be certain I shall find just this : The most fanatical and the weakest are tyrannized over by the most cunning, who work on the low fanaticism of their weaker companions, and who indulge themselves secretly in those enjoyments which they profess to despise. I have no faith in human nature. The fate of all these attempts to get above the world is this : the attempters start with much real earnestness of purpose, and with a great deal of effervescent enthusiasm; but, when they come to the daily life, the earnestness and enthusiasm sparkle off, and leave the old, old sediment. Again, away from the world, the mind becomes contracted, and preys upon itself, and the necessity for excitement and novelty, which is inherent in the human heart, will have satisfaction ; hence hypocrisy. The mind, crushed into itself, will find, in low ambition, and in paltry selfishnesses, an activity which is, in the outer world, more healthily exercised on the legitimate duties of life !' ' Well, go, and I prophesy you will much alter your opinions ! ' PART II. ARRIVAL. Sept. 14th.—' What a remarkable air of calmness, and of neatness is around the place. Surely, iniquity cannot exist in such repose. The genius of the place is, evidently, Order. But, ' still waters run deep !' ' MEDITATIONS AFTER CONVERSATION'S. ' I am quite surprised ! I have failed to detect, in the countenances of those I have conversed with, that mixture of cunning and of acerbity that I expected. There is a candor, and a calmness of demeanor, which, i: assumed, must stamp them as the most consummate of hypocrites. I have witnessed many phases of human character; I do not think I could be so easily deceived. I am fa- vorably impressed ; yet, I will ' speer' round. With reference to their doctrines, they don't seem to attach so much importance to those things which I think absurdities, as to that which I know is not absurd, but impossible, namely : that they live, day by day, without sin. They do not call themselves saints, nor use canting expressions, which I loathe. But I begin to feel I'm somewhat on unsafe ground. This may be the work of God. I don't much like to play tricks with it. I'll examine it to the'bottom. 1 will work with them daily, and I will search their writings.' MEDITATIONS AFTER EXAMINATION. Sept. 28th.—' I am convinced there is truth here. But it is so wrapped in a husk of absurdity as to conceal it from the general view. I see clearly from a study of the doctrines of Jesus, and from the writings of Paul, and of the other scriptural essajdsts, that celibacy is a virtue, and I now inwardly resolve that I will never marry. I wonder if I shall keep that resolve; I should say it is one hundred to one against it. As to the people, they have almost killed me with kindness. I could almost weep to find such disinterested affection as they exhibit. I begin to have a little faith in human nature. Here are no bolts nor bars; in fact, now I think of it, tyranny is not possible in America. I can see they are willing spirits, held together by affection.' Oct. 5th.—' I feel strongly inclined to try an experiment: Some of my sins are a burden to my soul; I will bring them to the light, and observe the effect upon myself.' Oct. 6th.—' I have confessed those sins, after earnest prayer, and I certainly experience a comfort and satisfaction that I have never before found. I feel greatly interested. I am inclined to go on with the work, and to let everything else take its chance. This seems to me to be the very thing I have been in search of. I begin to feel a new feeling, as if it wTere possible to gain a communion with the Spirit. But it is too absurd to suppose I could live with them, or that I could even join them. What! me, who have always prided myself on my refinement and social cultivation, to hop, and to skip about with a pack of lunatics ! I won't do it! Consider my dignity!' Oct. 8th.—' The more I meditate, the more am I inclined to join them, that I may continue what I have begun, and see where it leads. I feel an internal power grasp me with an iron grip, which seems to assure me that here I shall find what I am in search of.' Oct. 15th.—' I have now united with this people; and, if I understand what I have to do, I must make a stand, in myself, against that nature of lust, of malice, of deceit, and of pride, which I inherit jointly with the rest of mankind. I will make such a stand! Father help me.' Oct. 30th.—' I don't feel much success yet, in standing against mj interior weaknesses ; I feel I haven't cleaned out the sanctuary, so I will bring to light every sin I know of, and see the effect.' THE SHAKER. 13 Nov. 5th.—' Marvel of marvels ! I begin to feel an extraordinary internal power, which enables me to turn mjr thoughts from evil, and to steadfastly contemplate good. I will throw my all on this work ! I begin to see my way ! This new power is bringing to light all the sins of my life ! I will give myself up to this influence ! I will strenuously exert myself to get free from sin, and from the very nature of it! What a marvelous work ! I am amazed ! I will humble myself even to the dust, 0 God, in thy presence. Oh, help Thou thy servant! ' Dec. 1st of the year following, this entry appears: ' Oh, what is this within my soul, That seenss to wake my passions dead! A flow that o'er me seems to roll Like liquid fire from heaven shed ! It is a subtle piercing flame, That makes me labor into life; That gives me power o'er all my shame, And brings me lasting peace, for strife. Shekiuah of the soul! Golden glory, tho' unseen! Move in me, take control, Abide my soul within. Oh, this sweet communing With the heavenly powers above ! Oh, this is ever tuning My heart to sacred love !'' Thomas I. Stroud