Monoply All superfluity is fruit of sin; The palace rests upon a thousand huts : The hand that seeks unbounded wealth to win, By each success, some door of blessing shuts. By each success some misery is sown, Some sorrow for the future day to reap; Some guilt is kindled, that, when years have flown, Shall through the heavt like streams of lava sweep. Monoply is but the larger theft, The robbery that swells beyond the Law— A subtle power which hath the earth bereft Of that sweet good which its Creator saw. It is a blight upon the human race; It fills the cities with their dens of shame; It sits a threat'ning liend in every place, That honest industry might rightly claim. The Angels see it, and their eyes are stern, Yet full of pity for the poor and weak : Before their tribune how shall conscience burn ! And who will for the grasper dare to speak ? Ah, who could plead the cause of him who made, By usurpation, want's appalling pains? When shall his crimes from his own vision fade? And what forgiveness could remove his stains? Not till the dwarf'd and smitten thrive and bloom, Not till the crushed and thwarted rise to life, Not till his spirit toils revoke the doom With which his earthly deeds were ever rife j Not till alt marks of penury depart From souls whose mortal destiny he made, Not till the depths of his own sordid heart Break forth in sympathy—in loving aid. O, not till then can he the past forget! This is atonement that will never fail; For, by this law shall sin's dark train be met; And through this law shall deathless truth prevail. The Angels say to every heart: '• Bo right'— Though man-made systems may sustain the wrong1, Guilt shall be guilt, in God's impartial sight; And not less heavy carried by a throng. Before the Angels, pomps are types of woe; The gorgeous fruitage of a pois'nous tree, Whose cruel roots luxuriantly grow From hearts long buried in fell misery. With deep compassion, over earth we trace The ills that through Monopoly have come : One spot is radiant—it has no place Within the borders of our sacred home. Cecelia De Vere