Peace-Making and Thankfulness BY F. W. EVANS As a people, we have much whereof to be glad, in our present relations to ' the world' without. Like all Reformers and Prophets, we have had to pass through the stereotyped phases of opposition to the introduction of a new system of thought and action among mankind. Ridicule and contempt have had their day; active persecution, legal and illegal, injuring person and property have passed, and are no more. Misunderstanding of our principles, objects and hopes, remain, to give rise to the slanders and misrepresentations, as the pre- sent form of opposition to Shakerism (whatever that may be or mean), is what we have to depend upon as the ' seed of the Church,' so far as evil is the agency. Thankfulness is our predominant feeling (as a people) for present relations to those without. This civil Government is the only one upon earth that would be civil to so radical an organization as Shaker Communities. All the ' Church and State' persecutions, for the last two thousand years, have been for some one or more of the principles of Shaker, religious faith. 'It is the Lord's doings' that so just and untheologtcal a Government as that of the United States exists to-day. It has no theology; may it ever so remain : a home for all peoples, nations, kindreds, and tongues; where they can meet upon terms of perfect equality, so far as theological rights are concerned. The believer in one God, in no personal God, in three, or a thousand Gods, are all equal before the Law. This is a great and glorious blessing; 'extend it, then,' until all of earth's inhabitants are accountable to each other for their ivorks alone; leaving all matters of belief or unbelief to be settled between themselves and their own consciences. This will never prevent those of similar faith, in any views or principles, from gathering together as they list. As an evidence of the growing good will towards the Shaker, I quote from a letter just received: 'I am a stranger to you, but I know your people and your principles. Your ways are ways of purity and peace; and you have good reason to be glad. There are few people among the learned in the world, who do not envy you, and long for such a fraternal feeling as exists among you. It is plain to1 the worldly mind that you exemplify your belief by your works,' After stating that he is a Methodist, he says : 'I have not yet felt the power of the spirit of religious worship so sublime in any Methodist Church as I have in the simple Shaker Meeting House. Many people in the world would have a different opinion of Shakerism, if they could become ' pure in heart;' without that, no one is allowed to partake of that spirit that has sustained the United Society called Shakers, for so many years. My love to your Church.' Mass. * * From Minn : ' Kindest of Friends, F. W. Evans, I wish to take the ' Shaker' another year; the truths therein contained do me much good. I have been used to introduce truths new to many minds by its circulation; re 16 THE SH-A-KEK. member me in your highest aspirations for good.' From New York City : ' I enclose one dollar, to renew my subscription for two copies of that Christ-like publication ; for certainly, if the mission of Christ was to bring Peace and Good-rwill amongst men, teachings and example are a practical exemplar of his mission. The Christian Clergy preach peace, but there is no peace where they are ; the Shakers have peace in all their borders. The little paper is good, and is necessary to let your light shine before men; and, like the sun, it only needs circulation to do so. Mormonism, which is the very contrary of Shaker Christianity, appears to be going down to hell. Its prototype is Judaism, and is of the earth, earthy and animal; but Shakerism is spiritual, and of the spirit, and must live forever here and hereafter. Every brother and sister in every Shaker family, should write articles for publication in the Shaker. ' Is not the Christian world, so called, a horrible spectacle of crime, vice and suffering, in every department of civilized life ? Prisons, jails, penitentiaries, murders, swindling, frauds, falsehoods, villainies of every kind, mental and physical ! I do not see much of real Christianity in this city, though there is abundance of preaching. If your people could see the worrying, fretting and quarreling, contention and crime, and evils of all kinds, in the Christian civilization, so called, they would bless Providence that there is a home of peace.' These are a sample only of what we receive, going to prove that the Protestant world are coming to look upon the Shaker institution in a true light—a medium of temporal and spiritual good to the nation in which it is located that the people thereof cannot afford to do without. In the State of Maine we have a little soci- ety who wish to change their location, but the people around are unwilling to part with them. Jesus said, ' Ye are the salt of the earth.' If this be so, the salt should be kept in good order, and the two should be in proper relation to each other. There is plenty of room for all the Shaker communities that people can be found willing to establish and support; and so far from ' running the world out,' as used to be charged, the extension of the Order, and its influence upon the reproducing people, is all that will keep the race from destroying themselves by population-checking practices, such as are known as the ' Social Evil,' or by war (civil and national) that always grows therefrom. Here is a copy of a letter from one young believer at home to another one in England: Mount Lebanon, Jan. 7, 1871 'Dear Brother James — Almost three months have passed since I wrote to you. They have gone very fast, as I have been quite busy all the time. Our religion is decidedly practical, and therefore requires practical work. The teachings of the first founders of our system inculcated that principle in a most remarkable degree. One of the counsels of Mother Ann was : ' Put your hands to work, and your hearts to God.' And so we do. We work, not only because we like to do it, not only because we love one another, and, therefore, want to help and assist one another, but because we see the God-principle in it. God is love; and true love is active—active in self-sacrificing and devoted work for the good and happiness of others. ' During the short season you staid here, you went with us through our daily occupations ; they are, of course, very different now from what they were then, in the fail. Perhaps you would like to hear a little about them. In the winter we pass the most of our time in our shops. Only a few favored ones, the happy farmers and teamsters, are still out, drawing their logs and bringing ho7iie the wood that you are coming to help us saw and split next spring. I fear they would not think much about the favor of a day like this, when the mercury stands 20 below zero in a Fahrenheit thermometer, and the north wind would call forth thrifty colors on their cheeks. Such a clear, beautiful day you could never see on that foggy little island of yours, so you had better leave it, as soon as you can, and come over here. Now we will go through the shops; we have many such to answer our needs. Here is our printer at work, that old brother you remember, with a little bent body and the active speculative mind. Here is our carpenter, with his lumber and chips; a great heap of the latter, showing that he has done a good deal of work. Here, among all this machinery and iron-ware, is our comfortable looking little blacksmith. His enviable business is to mend all that the rest of us break, and to fix all that we put out of order. Do you wonder that his face is so bright, and his smile so pleasant, when you know that he has had so many good opportunities to practice patience and other Christian virtues ? Then come the shoemakers, in two shops, both full of sunshine. In the one dwells that venerable old brother, with the silvery hair; he who cut the carrot seed swifter than any of the rest of us. In the other, we feel the inspiring influences of more youthful powers devoted to a holy cause. While we speak about the shoemakers, it comes quite natural to think of the tailors. Well, the sisters are our tailoresses, and they are excellent ones too, as this is about all they do. There are two more shops that we have not yet visited; one of them is the broom shop. Do you remember, Wilbur, thai tall young brother with the open countenance and the bright eyes ? He is our broom-maker, and he turns out a good many every day. Now there remains only the seed shop : that is a very important place. If you only had known how much trouble we take about those seeds you helped us gather in last fall, you would have considered more than once before going to England. When we have got the seeds thrashed and well cleaned, we take them to the shop and put them up in little paper bags to send to our customers. What a job that is ! One cuts the bags, another folds them, a third one prints, a fourth one pastes them, a fifth one put in the seed, a sixth seals them up, a seventh puts them in the boxes and off they go, to our great rejoicing. One more has to go and collect the money for them, and that is the worst of all. Now, what do you think of all this ? I do not know how my description may appear to you; but I do know that the reality is very pleasant, very beautiful to me, to us. Our system stands unequaled. The spiritual man never yet arrived to a higher plane. The natural man never will understand it. When you come to taste its sweets, you will be heartily welcomed by all of us, and especially by your friend and brother, Emil Bretzner