Jesus, the Son of Man—Jesus Christ, the Son of God, Christ the Lord from Heaven A want of proper distinction between the foregoing different characters has been the theoretical authority for untold errors in faith and life practice, among professors of Christianity, for nearly two thousand years ! Making the child ' Jesus,' when born of Mary, both Christ and God, bars all possibility of following Christ, and being like him, in purity and holiness ; hence the origin of the idea of Christian sinners ; the impossibility of living without sin; for it is impossible to be like God! But a clear perception of the distinction of the foregoing characters reveals a possibility to follow Jesus Christ, in living righteously, and holy. Let us then enquire, first, who was JESUS—' THE SON OF MAN ?' On this subject, there is, probably, no better authority than Jesus himself, and as our space is limited we must narrow our historical research. In speaking of himself, genealogically, Jesus calls himself ' the Son of Man.' The four Evangelists record about eighty times, Jesus' use of this appellation, and under a great variety of circumstances, as if purposely to forestall all claims for a higher origin which he appeared intuitively to anticipate would be awarded him. According'to the original Hebrew Scriptures, not interpolated, Jesus was the son of Joseph and Mary, and the Jews, who were familiar with his genealogy, on the occasion of his having performed some miracles, and taught in great and astonishing wisdom (since he was now baptzied and had become Jesus Christ,), said : ' Is not this the carpenter, the son of Mary, the brother of James, and Joses, and Juda, and Simon, and are not his sisters here with us ?' Jno. vi. 3. The reason why the Jews failed to believe of Jesus as becoming the Messias, the Christ the Son of God, was because they knew the parents of Jesus ; but they looked for their Redeemer to be born of God; and they understood not the second birth. Jesus himself appears to have confirmed the testimony of the Jews relative to his genealogy, in that he said: 'I, Jesus, have sent mine Angel to testify unto you these things in the churches, I am the * offspring of David.' Rev. xxii. 16. If Jesus was the 'offspring of David,' was he the child of Joseph ? for Mary was of the house of Levi. But it is not our purpose to attempt to prove the genealogical origin of Jesus. It is sufficient to accept his own testimony, that he was the 'Son of Man.' A Son of Man is the product of man—male and female. Paul said Jesus was of the seed of Abraham ; but he confounds Jesus, with Jesus Christ, as it is often done in Scripture. He saith: ' Concerning his son Jesus * our Lord, which was made of the Seed of David (not of Levi), according to the flesh.' Rom. i. 3. ' For verily he took not on him the nature of Angels; but he took on him the seed of Abraham ; wherefore, in all things it behoved him to be made like unto his brethren that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest.' Heb. ii. 16, 17. His brethren, after the flesh, were James, and Joses, and Juda, and Simon, and -Joseph and Mary were their parents, and, if in all things Jesus ' was made like unto them, who were his father and mother?' It is, however, very necessary to maintain the distinction between Jesus, before and after his baptism. After Jesus was born of Mary he lived with his parents, and worked with his ' father,' according to Jewish history, and at the carpenter's trade, and was subject to his parents (except on one occasion), until he began to be about thirty years of age. On that occasion his mother admonished him by saying: ' Thy father (Joseph) and I, have sought thee sorrowing.' But, at the time when Jesus quit his home to preach, a prophet had arisen in Judea, named John, who foretold the coming of Christ to the .Jewish nation, and the whole nation was in anxious expectancy looking for the Messiah, the Saviour of the world. John the Baptist taught confession, repentance, and remission of sins, as a preparatory work for the nation, to enable them to receive the Messiah when he should come. Jesus, who had previously felt a call of God to preach a higher, holier, purer baptism than that which John was preaching, went to John to be baptized of him in order to prepare him for the higher baptism of the Holy Ghost and fire of Divine life and inspiration. It thus became Jesus to ' fulfill all righteousness,' which required that God's work should be per- formed in order, each step of the soul's progress in grace in its proper place ; first, John's baptism into confession, repentance and remission of sins; this Jesus received of John. After this baptism, the Holy Ghost, the Christ, in visible form, like a dove, descended upon Jesus, his soul having been prepared by John's baptism, and he now became born of the Spirit of God; a Son of God—he was now JESUS CHRIST. But, whatever Jesus was by his birth of Mary, whether ' Son of Man ' or Son of God, it is clear, by this baptism he was not sufficiently a ' Son of God ' without being born again ; spiritually regenerated, in order to become a ' Son of God ' after the Spirit; for he said to Nicodemus: ' Except a man be born again of water, and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God '—that is to say, except a man be baptized with John's baptism, the confession, repentance and remission of sins, and of Christ's baptism of the Holy Ghost, and fire of gospel truth and heavenly life, he cannot see the kingdom of God. Jesus having received these baptisms the first of any man, became ' the first born among many brethren ' into the kingdom of God, Rom. viii. 29. ' The first born from the dead,' Col. i. 18, (in the nature of sin.) 'The first born of every creature,' Col. i. 15, (in the New Creation or Kingdom of God.) Therefore, having the pre-eminence he became the ' Son of God ' and, at that time, ' The only begotten Son of God.' But other sons of God have since been born, as Jesus then was, or else he has not had the ' many brethren ' of later birth. These brethren (and sisters) consist of all souls who have since been baptized into John's baptism (not the mere dipping in water—the empty sign), but the accompanying confession, repentance and remission of sin ; also into Jesus' baptism of the Holy Ghost and fire, and thus have been born of God as Jesus was, and are now 1O THE S H .A. K OS R become ' Saviours ' like unto Jesus, only younger brethren, ' the Salt (Saviour) of the earth.' But, the baptized Jesus is now become Jesus Christ , or 'The Christ of God'— the vicegerent of God on earth, or Emanuel ' God with us ;' God manifest in the flesh. But his younger brethren have also become vicegerents of God on earth, and God through these also was, and still is, manifest in the flesh. But Jesus Christ is preeminently the ' Mediator of the New Covenant ' between God and man. Yet, the younger brethren, and sisters too, are also Mediators of the New Covenant. But Jesus Christ is the ' King of Kings ' of a heavenly kingdom, 'not of this world,' and ' Lord of Lords.' Of course there must be other Kings and Lords in the kingdom of heaven, even 'kings and priests unto God,' Rev. i. 6. These are the sons and daughters of God, who follow Jesus Christ, the preeminent ' Son of God ;' for Jesus Christ taught a new birth for all humanity who would become the children of God, and enter the Kingdom of Heaven; and, to be the least child in the Kingdom of Heaven, at that time, was to be greater than John the Baptist, who was the greatest, then, among natural men ; because John had not yet been 'born again' of the Christ Spirit, the Holy Ghost, into the Kingdom of Heaven. Jesus Christ is now ' The Lord from Heaven ;' 'A Quickening Spirit,' a LawGiver in Zion ; and ' The Elder Brother ' of many brethren and sisters—an Exemplar for all who would ' be ' perfect ' ' in righteousness, and is Authority of God to say: ' I am the way; follow Me.' ' I am the Truth ;' speak the word of God as I speak. ' I am the life ;' live as I live, an Angel life, fulfilling ' all righteousness.' Be at one with God as I have become. And this is the ' atonement ' (at-one-ment) that I have made with my ' Father in Heaven ' to do His will, instead of my own will—' Not my will, but thine be done.' The evidences of Jesus Christ's vicegerency and authority as the Divine Lawgiver, are liis works. ' If I had not done among them the works which none other man did, they had not had sin.' Jno. xv. 24. 'If I tad not come and spoken unto them they had not had sin, but now they have no cloak for their sin.' Jno. xv. 22. We now have Jesus the Redeemed; and Jesus Christ the Redeemer, a High Priest forever, after the order of Melchezidek; that is, an order which does not recognize an earthly genealogy, for neither Jesus nor Jesus Christ had an earthly posterity; he was harvested from the earth, or generative order. And, if Jesus had an earthly parentage, Jesus Christ was a Son of God, begotten and born of the Holy Ghost, who said at Jesus' baptism, after he bad become Jesus Christ, ' This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.' But, had Jesus been born of God, and been a Son of God by his natal birth of Mary, why had he need to be born again in order to see the kingdom of God, and be a King in that kingdom ? What was his second birth into ? Or, if he became a ' Son of God ' by his natal birth of Mary, what did he become by his spiritual birth of the Christ, the Holy Ghost, when the voice said, ' This is my beloved Son ? ' OP CHRIST, THE QUICKENING SPIRIT. We have yet to consider that this was the Spirit that baptized Jesus after John's baptism, and was seen in the visible form of a Dove, which lit upon and abode with Jesus, and constituted him a Christ, or, for that time ' The Christ,' Jesus Christ, an anointed of God ; a ' Saviour of Men,' and preeminently their Exemplar. But this same Christ subsequently descended from Jesus Christ, and baptized other sons of men just as Jesus was thus baptized, and made them also saviours of men, according to the prophecy of Obadiah : ' And Saviours shall come upon Mount Zion to judge the Mount of Esau ; and the kingdom shall be the Lord's.' Obadiah, 21. The ' Mount of Esau ' was the mount of flesh, or generative plane of humanity. And, as Jesus by this Christ baptism became Jesus Christ, in like manner all those thus baptized ' Saviours on Mount Zion ' became Christs; hence, we have Peter Christ, Matthew Christ, Luke Christ, and a host of other faithful Saviours, even Ann Christ. But Christ, ' The Quickening Spirit,' the original Baptizer was ' The Lord from Heaven ' — the ' Dove ' — ' The Root of David '—of whom Jesus Christ spake as of himself; with whom he had now become at one, even as Christ, the Holy Ghost, was one with the Father. It was this Christ, by whom God ' made the worlds,' as stated by Paul to the Hebrews, 1st and 2d. It was this Christ (tho' now, by Paul, identified with Jesus), who was ' the brightness of God's glory and the express image of His person '—who was ' made so much better than the Angels, as he hath, by inheritance, obtained a more excellent name than they.' ' For unto which of the Angels said he at any time, thou art my Son, this day have I begotten thee ? ' ' And again: I will be to him a Father, and he shall be to me a Son.' 'And again, when he bringeth in the first begotten into the world, he saith, Let all the angels of God worship him. ' ' And to the Angels be saith: Who maketh his Angels Spirits, and his ministers a flame of fire.' ' But unto the Son he saith : Thy throne, 0, God, is forever and ever—a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom. ' ' Thou hast loved righteousness and hated iniquity, therefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.' 'And thou, Lord, in the beginning, hast laid the foundations of the earth (the New Earth), and the Heavens (the New Heavens) are the work of Thy hands.' Heb. ii. 4th to 10. This referred to ' Christ,' the ' Quickening Spirit,' ' The Lord from Heaven,' the ' Root of David,' etc. But, as Jesus Christ was at one with this Christ Spirit, his Father, it was referred, by the Apostle, also to him; for Jesus Christ said: 'I and my Father are One.' ' He that hath seen me (Christ), hath seen my father.' For through Jesus Christ, or Christ manifest in the flesh through Jesus, was the Fatherhood of God revealed; and, through the first anointed female, who was baptized with this Holy Ghost Christ, was the Motherhood of God made manifest to mankind. But, this same Christ is also transmissible to other sons of God, aye, and daughters, too, who become the followers of Jesus Christ, even as Jesus Christ prayed : 'Holy Father, keep, through thine own Name, those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one as we are,' Jno. xvii. 11th. Thus, to portray, in one view, all these special characters, we have synonymously : First. Jesus—Son of Man ; of the seed of Abraham—flesh and blood ; who could sin, if he would ; having a sinful nature ; who said : ' Why callest thou me good?' Offspring of David; who had to be born again—became Second. Jesus Christ—the baptized Jesus —the Son of God—became a quickening ^spirit; of the Seed of God—who could not sin—(being redeemed from sinful nature); one with the ' Root of David;' Born of God—the first begotten from the dead— the 'first born of many brethren;' sent of God—anointed—Saviour of the world ! Third. Christ: The Pre-eminent and original Son of God; The Quickening Spirit; The Root of David; Baptizer of Jesus ; who made the worlds (of the New Creation) ; and the (New) Heavens are the works of his hands. Giles B. Avery