Peace-Making and Thankfulness BY F. W. EVANS As a people, we have much whereof to be glad, in our present relations to ' the world' without. Like all Reformers and Prophets, we have had to pass through the stereotyped phases of opposition to the introduction of a new system of thought and action among mankind. Ridicule and contempt have had their day; active persecution, legal and illegal, injuring person and property have passed, and are no more. Misunderstanding of our principles, objects and hopes, remain, to give rise to the slanders and misrepresentations, as the pre- sent form of opposition to Shakerism (whatever that may be or mean), is what we have to depend upon as the ' seed of the Church,' so far as evil is the agency. Thankfulness is our predominant feeling (as a people) for present relations to those without. This civil Government is the only one upon earth that would be civil to so radical an organization as Shaker Communities. All the ' Church and State' persecutions, for the last two thousand years, have been for some one or more of the principles of Shaker, religious faith. 'It is the Lord's doings' that so just and untheologtcal a Government as that of the United States exists to-day. It has no theology; may it ever so remain : a home for all peoples, nations, kindreds, and tongues; where they can meet upon terms of perfect equality, so far as theological rights are concerned. The believer in one God, in no personal God, in three, or a thousand Gods, are all equal before the Law. This is a great and glorious blessing; 'extend it, then,' until all of earth's inhabitants are accountable to each other for their ivorks alone; leaving all matters of belief or unbelief to be settled between themselves and their own consciences. This will never prevent those of similar faith, in any views or principles, from gathering together as they list. As an evidence of the growing good will towards the Shaker, I quote from a letter just received: 'I am a stranger to you, but I know your people and your principles. Your ways are ways of purity and peace; and you have good reason to be glad. There are few people among the learned in the world, who do not envy you, and long for such a fraternal feeling as exists among you. It is plain to1 the worldly mind that you exemplify your belief by your works,' After stating that he is a Methodist, he says : 'I have not yet felt the power of the spirit of religious worship so sublime in any Methodist Church as I have in the simple Shaker Meeting House. Many people in the world would have a different opinion of Shakerism, if they could become ' pure in heart;' without that, no one is allowed to partake of that spirit that has sustained the United Society called Shakers, for so many years. My love to your Church.' Mass. * * From Minn : ' Kindest of Friends, F. W. Evans, I wish to take the ' Shaker' another year; the truths therein contained do me much good. I have been used to introduce truths new to many minds by its circulation; re 16 THE SH-A-KEK. member me in your highest aspirations for good.' From New York City : ' I enclose one dollar, to renew my subscription for two copies of that Christ-like publication ; for certainly, if the mission of Christ was to bring Peace and Good-rwill amongst men, teachings and example are a practical exemplar of his mission. The Christian Clergy preach peace, but there is no peace where they are ; the Shakers have peace in all their borders. The little paper is good, and is necessary to let your light shine before men; and, like the sun, it only needs circulation to do so. Mormonism, which is the very contrary of Shaker Christianity, appears to be going down to hell. Its prototype is Judaism, and is of the earth, earthy and animal; but Shakerism is spiritual, and of the spirit, and must live forever here and hereafter. Every brother and sister in every Shaker family, should write articles for publication in the Shaker. ' Is not the Christian world, so called, a horrible spectacle of crime, vice and suffering, in every department of civilized life ? Prisons, jails, penitentiaries, murders, swindling, frauds, falsehoods, villainies of every kind, mental and physical ! I do not see much of real Christianity in this city, though there is abundance of preaching. If your people could see the worrying, fretting and quarreling, contention and crime, and evils of all kinds, in the Christian civilization, so called, they would bless Providence that there is a home of peace.' These are a sample only of what we receive, going to prove that the Protestant world are coming to look upon the Shaker institution in a true light—a medium of temporal and spiritual good to the nation in which it is located that the people thereof cannot afford to do without. In the State of Maine we have a little soci- ety who wish to change their location, but the people around are unwilling to part with them. Jesus said, ' Ye are the salt of the earth.' If this be so, the salt should be kept in good order, and the two should be in proper relation to each other. There is plenty of room for all the Shaker communities that people can be found willing to establish and support; and so far from ' running the world out,' as used to be charged, the extension of the Order, and its influence upon the reproducing people, is all that will keep the race from destroying themselves by population-checking practices, such as are known as the ' Social Evil,' or by war (civil and national) that always grows therefrom. Here is a copy of a letter from one young believer at home to another one in England: