Radical Christianity The adjective in the above title would be superfluous were it not the fact, that what is now called Christianity, is exhibited under various aspects, some of them wholly diverse from others. It becomes necessary, then, in order to discover which is the genuine, and which the false, to compare them with Christianity in its original feature, if it is possible to ascertain what that is. We have records purporting to have come down to us from its primitive times, and to have been written by those who were the intimate associates of its founder. Though these are not entirely free from errors, from contradictions apparent and real, yet, on the whole, so uniform are their statements respecting Avhat was taught by Jesus Christ and his immediate disciples, that all who profess to be Christian teachers appeal to them as a standard to prove the truth of their own doctrines, however great may be the diversity exhibited by these. One of the most prominent statements in these records, largely dwelt upon by some of the writers, is that the gospel or religious system of Jesus Christ, is the manifestation of the power of God for the salvation of men from sin. There can be no doubt that what has, for ages, been called Christianity, has been a power in the earth, and is, at the present day, as potent in its various organizations and methods of inculcating its doctrines upon its immediate subjects and of spreading them throughout the world, as any other power in in existence, whether religious or political. But a question very naturally arises in the mind of every one who prefers practical religion to mere dogmatic theology or to any display of worldly dignity and authority, whether the immense power which has been in existence for centuries, under the name of Christianity, has been the power of God unto salvation, or something else. The question is one to be decided by the student of history, and, of course, its investigation is not of a nature to come within the limits of a brief essay. But the earnest and careful enquirer after Christianity, as taught by Jesus and his apostles, cannot fail to see that, as presented to us by these original records, it is eminently practical and experimental, aiming at a radical and thorough change in the lives of all its subjects. lie learns from its teachings, both the simple and direct precepts of Jesus, and those expressed in the more elaborate writings of the apostle Paul, that the Divine power is always bestowed upon those who render obedience to the requirements of the gospel, and invariably proves itself by its effects. It matters not whether Jesus or Confucius, or any one else first gave utterance to the golden rule—' Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them.' Jesus Christ reduced to practice this and other important precepts so difficult for men generally to exemplify, and showed how others could do the same. Such practical teaching commends itself to the judgment of all who desire salvation from sin, and leaves no excuse to those who refuse it obedience. Hence, the propriety of the words he uttered in his final charge to his disciples : ' Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature; he that believes and is baptized' with this Divine power, ' will be saved, but he that believes not will be condemned'—by his own judgment and conscience, for not accepting that which he is assured will save him. The radical precepts uttered by Jesus on the Mount, have a value that they would not have had if they had not been reduced to practice by himself first, and subsequently by his early disciples. We should have been inclined, had this not been the case, to class some of them among mere abstractions or ' glittering generalities.' Even as it is, many, if not the most of those who profess to be his disciples at the present day, practically reject them. And why ? Evidently because they are not ' endued with the power from on high,' which they need in order to carry them out in their lives. It will be found by those who carefully look at the matter, that the greatest miracles performed by Jesus Christ were not those which he wrought upon the bodies of men, but those which he exhibited in his sublime life, so much above the ordinary passions of human beings. It is not to be wondered at that some, ignorant of the power which he possessed, should have said he was destitute of the affections common to humanity. The truth is he was beyond their comprehension. But there is nothing more mysterious or unnatural in this than that a Newton should be beyond the comprehension of a mere tyro in mathematics. Let them be 'baptized with the Holy Spirit, even with fire,' and they will discover their error. They will learn the superior power of his spirit, and will be able to prove from their own experience the wisdom of his most radical sayings. To have lived a celibate life was not an original thing with Jesus—thousands had done the same thing before him, and from religious motives; but the being ' born from above ' as he expressed it in his conversation with' the Jewish Senator, or, being elevated to the life of the heavens, was, if not a new thing in the earth, yet something extremely rare. He—to use his own figurative language—though the Son of Man, yet came down from Heaven, and still was in heaven. Celibacy was an adjunct of the first stages of that new life, a necessary step to its complete attainment, but necessary only as repentance and confession of 12 THE S H .A.KE Pt . sin are requisite to attain it; because the sensuous life of man is limited in its nature, adapted only to partial affections, while the heavenly life is universal and eternal. But it may be asked, is not such a life that of the mere recluse—the ascetic ? It may seem so to the one wholly absorbed in worldly gain and ambition, but not so in reality. Jesus, though he lived the life of heaven while upon the earth, yet was a person of the most active benevolence. He was not an ascetic, except in the original signification of the word, being a practical worker, with his hands, his head, and his heart. The meek, he declared, shall inherit the earth. They are its inheritors in the best sense of the word ; for who so worthy of its inheritance as those who cherish and cultivate it instead of laying it waste by indulgence in the passions that are perpetually disinheriting such as think they have a claim to it by discovery, conquest or entailment? They are its lords, 'to the manor born,' rather than the devastators who have undertaken to parcel it out among themselves for their exclusive possession, and they will continue to occupy it, as rightful heirs, dwelling in a ' peaceable habitation—in quietness and assurance forever.' W. H. Bussell