Universal Church PROPHETIC ORDER VerSllS ORGANIZATION. Progress implies imperfection, or unattained perfection, in an individual, or in a body. Prophecy is based upon the idea of progress. Now, as the last and greatest of Jewish Prophets was Jesus ; and even his ' testimony' is affirmed to be 'the spirit of prophecy' itself; the conclusion is logical, that the or- ganizations resulting from his teachings and precepts, were not a finality, but that proph- ecy and progress were still the law, not less than the hope of humanity; consequently the disintegration of Christian organizations has been as uniform as their formation down through the ages, and is still more potent and actively operative to-day, than at any pre- vious period of mundane history. The first spiritual conference organized in New York, by Partridge, Brittan, Benning, Gray, Halleck, and others, was itself a protest against all organizations, not even a chairman being in order. Babel buildings are falling before the angel of Spiritualism ; the Prophet—Shaker Church—alone remains in the land, to witness the dissolution of all things—the overthrow of kingdoms, nations, peoples, tongues, and Churches—upheaval, ' turning things upside down.' THE PROPHET. Who is the Prophet ? and whence does he derive his almighty power and authority, that he alone remains, amid ' the wreck of matter and the crush of worlds?' The Prophet, before whom kings tremble, and be- come as suppliants. ' Pray for me, that the things which thou hast spoken come not upon me,' is the voice of the despotic tyrant no less than of the necromancer. Samuel the Prophet made and unmade kings in Israel. When Benhadad, king of Syria, was sick, 'he sent Hazael to Elijah, a Prophet in Israel, to inquire of the Lord, taking with him forty camels' burthen of every good thing in Damascus,' as a present, and received for answer, 'Thou mayest certainly recover, but the Lord hath shewed me, that thou shalt surely die.' He then informed Hazael that he would become king of Syria, and what he would do in Israel. To Saul, Samuel said, ' The Lord sent me to anoint thee king over Israel.' Again : 'Anoint Hazael to be king over Syria, Jehu king over Israel, and Elisha to be Prophet in thy room.' David also was thus anointed king. The Prophet Moses ' poured oil on Aaron's head, and anointed him high priest.' The higher law in Israel was, that no king, or high priest, was equal in power to, or safe from being supplanted in office through, the order of | Prophets. Could anything be more pertinent than the inquiry, Who is the Prophet, | and from what fountain does the spirit flow that the anointing oil typified ? This is the more interesting from the fact, that the gift of prophecy was common to the race, and was thus unlike other powers peculiar to the Jewish organization, all of which were exclusive, and made the Jews themselves the most separated and isolated of all people, ' dwelling alone, not even being numbered with the nations.' PROPHETIC GIFT UNIVERSAL. So that a Prophet, when once his character as such Avas established, was no longer held as belonging to any particular people; but, as we have seen, was sought unto as a representative man, ranking above the officers of all human organizations, however divinely appointed by tutelary deities. It was this conflict of authority between the Prophets and the organizations, that caused the former to be so often stoned and killed. ' Which of the Prophets have not your fathers killed, and stoned them who were sent unto them ? ' 'It cannot be,' said the iconoclastic Jesus, ' that a Prophet perish out of Jerusalem : ' and himself did not otherwhere die. The high priest, king, and priesthood, were ' the powers that be,' who had been appointed of their God. From that stand-point, what was a Prophet, but a rebel against the existing organization, or a martyr under it ? By the law of self-preservation—the first law of nature—did he not deserve to be persecuted and killed ? There were some thirty men, immediately preceding Jesus, each of whom claimed to be 'some great one'—the Messiah of the Jews. These had worn out the patience of the Romans, so that Jesus was summarily dealt with. Gamaliel refers to this class as those who had made much trouble, coming to 'nothing' but their own dispersion or des- truction. As the mushroom grows out of the dunghill which has hitherto produced only toad- stools, so does the true Reformer and Prophet grow out of those elements which had pre- viously produced a crop of spurious or imperfect Prophets and Reformers, for all of whose idiosyncrasies, short-comings, and crudities, he is held responsible. ' Save me from my friends,' is the fervent prayer of every genuine Reformer or Prophet. The half-way Chris- tian, who cries ' Lord, Lord,' worshiping Jesus as one of the Three Gods who died to let him live in lust uncondemned, of all others, is the greatest sinner, and the least known of the Christ Spirit Abraham, the father of the Jewish nation, who, by common consent, is held as the type of Jesus the Messiah, was himself a Prophet and friend of the Hebrew God. He met Molchizedekj who (under the popular ruling) was a heathen; but he was ' king of right- eousness,' a ' king of peace,' a celibate; being 'without fiither and mother, and without descent, beginning of days, or end of life, made like unto the Son of God (whoever that may be), and abideth a priest continually.' In plain English, Melchizedek was a Christian, who had not only been ministered to by the Christ Spirit, from the seventh or resurrection heavens; but he had incarnated that Spirit in his character, and was a ' high priest of the Most High God.' Unto him, poor heathen Abraham very properly confessed ]iis sins, which thenceforth became an established Jewish ordinance. He also paid the sacrificial tithes to Melchizedek, not only for himself, but for all the Levitical priesthood (yet in his own loins) down to Jesus, his descendant and antetype, who confessed his sins, if at all guilty, to John the Baptist, the Christ Prophet, as did Abraham to Melchizedek ; for John was the antetype of Melchizedek, as was Jesus of Abraham. PHYSICAL WAR CONDEMNED. Abraham had just returned from the ' slaughter of the kings,' when Melchizedek, ' the king of peace,' taught him that physical war was animal—brutal ; and wrong for him, and all that should proceed from him. It took two thousand years for Abraham to reach that gift of peace in the person of his descendant, Jesus, who, under the law of Prophecy and Progress, became the ' Prince of Peace,' and was anointed king of righteousness; for 'he loved righteousness, and hated iniquity;' and the Christ Spirit also ' anointed him with the oil of gladness above his fellows.' CELIBACY. It is said of Jesus (prophetically), ' His life was cut off from the earth, and who shall declare his generation ? ' he having no physical (or natural) posterity, like Abraham ; but, like Melchizedek, he too became a celibate, forsaking his earthly generative relation of father and mother, of brother and sister, for those who knew and did the will of God, this being eternal life, and not confined to earth, made him without descent, beginning of days, or end of life ; thus receiving the kingdom of heaven as a little child, precisely as the Shakers of our day commence their spiritual travel. 18 THE SHAKER PRIESTHOOD. Melchizedek was ' made like unto the Son of God.' •' Thus, after the similitude of Melchizedek, there ariseth another priest, and another priesthood. For Jesus is made a priest for ever, after the order of Melchizedek,' outside of the Mosaic Law, yet including it as a ' schoolmaster,' to prepare souls for the Christ Order—the Christian life. UNIVERSAL CHURCH. Thus does a ministration from the inner- most (or seventh) sphere end the world of generation, physical war, and private property, to all nations, in all times, and in all worlds. ' Jesus was made higher than the heavens' of generation, or the angels in them; from which alone the Jews had received their ministrations. Nor do the generating, warring Gentile Christians receive ministrations from any other than generative heavens and hells. REPENTANCE. John the Baptist, the greatest of Jewish Prophets, the Melchizedek of his day, who told the soldiers to ' do violence to no man,' was the minister of baptism to Jesus, who came to him acknowledging the order of con- fession, as Abraham went to Melchizedek, and as Ann Lee went to James and Jane Wardley. COMMON PROPERTY. Melchizedek and John were each a minister of the Christ Spirit, ' the second Adam, the Lord from heaven.' Abraham paid tithes of his property, thus acknowledging that it all belonged to the Lord. Jesus gave the whole, retaining not anything. 'All things common.' PEACE. When Abraham and his posterity—all true Jews—did fight, it was as spiritual mediums, always (like Moses and Elijah) depending upon the spirits to slaughter their enemies. But Jesus would not call fire down from heaven, as did Elias, to kill; but learned of the Christ Spirit to do good to all—evil to none; and to be 'first pure, then peaceable.' PROGRESSION OP PRIMATES. From the day that Melchizedek blessed Abraham, the Jews traveled towards Christianity—progressed. As the result of that progress, Jesus, probaby the best of Jewish boys, progressed towards Christianity, until he ' saw of the travail of his soul, and was satisfied ' therewith, by incorporating it into his character, so that the ' prince of this world' found nothing of it in him. CHRIST ANGEL AND INTERMEDIATE PROPHETS. The intermediate Prophets, between Melchizedek and John the Baptist, were ministers of the Christ heavens. It was this thai raised them above all earthly powers anc principalities, above the kings and the holy anointed high priests, and the subordinate priesthood, while acting officially as Chrisi ministers. But themselves, as men, were often far from being Christians. Even Jesus was not born a Christian, but a Jew; 'born of a woman, born under the Law,' and hat to work out his salvation as have all othei men ; only he had none but the Christ Spirit to help him after John had baptized him. lence the Prophet Zechariah says that he was shown, in vision, Joshua—Jesus—the high mest, ' standing before the Angel of the jord (the Christ Angel), and Satan at his ¦ight hand to resist him. And ' the Lord '(Christ Angel) said unto Satan, The Lord rebuke thee, 0 Satan. Is not this a brand plucked out of the fire ' (of lust) ? CONFESSION OF SIN. ' If we confess our sins, God is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.' ' Now (Jesus) was clothed with filthy garments, and stood before the (Christ) Angel. And the Angel spoke to them who stood before him (John and his disciples), Take away the filthy garments from him/' by confession; and the Spirit said, ' I have caused thine iniquity to pass from thee, and I will clothe thee with change of raiment. So they clothed him with garments (a work of time); and the (Christ) Angel of the Lord stood by,' to help, and said to him : 'If thou wilt walk in my ways, and if thou wilt keep my charge, then thou shalt keep my courts, and judge my house.' It was conditional even with Jesus the Messiah, to whom Christ first appeared, to begin the work of human redemption. And we have still the Spirit of Prophecy and the laws of Progress operative unto the second appearing of the Christ Spirit in Woman, as the first had been in Man. That second appearing has been and is often prophesied of. ' Hear, 0 (Jesus), the high priest, thou and thy fellows that sit before thee (Christians) ; for they are men wondered at. For, behold, I bring forth my servant, the Branch.' 'A rod'—Jesus—'shall grow out of the stem of Jesse ; and a branch '—Ann—' shall grow out of his roots'—the Gentiles; 'and to her shall the gathering of the Gentiles be; and his rest shall be glorious.' ' For, behold, the stone—(Branch)—that I have laid before Jesus; upon it shall be seven eyes : behold, I will engrave (by revelation) the engraving thereof, saith the Lord of hosts, and I will remove the iniquity of that land in one day.' ' In that day, saith the Lord of hosts, shall ja call every man under his vine, and under his fig tree.' There shall be co-operation in the civil Government; and also Communistic elements, out of which shall grow Christian Pentecostal Communities of Gentiles, with ' all things common,' as the body, and an abiding of the Christ Spirit as the soul, of the Universal Church. THE MAN JRSUS. Moses was a Prophet of the God of Israel, but he had a vision of the Christ heaven, which was 'the (spiritual) mount' and was told to 'make all things (in his natural order) after the pattern' of what he saw there; that it might serve as a prophecy of the spiritual order yet to come on the earth, to succeed, include, and supplant himself anc Dispensation. Moses said, 'The Lord thy God will raise up unto thee a Prophet, from the midst of thy brethren, like unto me; unto him ye shall hearken.' Such Avas Jesus who came teaching a higher law than the Mosaic—more spiritual. CHRIST. Jesus askeci, ' What think ye of Christ ? ' ' Whose son is he ?' They said, ' David's.' ' Why then does David, in spirit, call him Lord ?' ' How is he David's son ?' Now, inasmuch as Jesus never objected to being called the ' Son of David,' it is self-evident that he knew the Christ Angel to be a distinct person—the second or spiritual Adam— through whose agency he became a ' Son of God;' and 'to as many other men as receive him, he' and his successors 'give the same power to become sons of God.' SPIRITUALISM. If Paris were a spiritualist, she would comprehend, that, in killing ' the Communes ' by hundreds, she is increasing their power to injure her; and furnishing them with the strongest motive to use it—vengeance. Cannot she read ? or is she ' drunk with blood ?' ' How long, 0 Lord, dost thou not judge and avenge our blood ?' asked the martyrs. Until your fellow-servants, the Prophets, that shall be killed, as you were, is fulfilled.' In other words, until an infidel Government succeeds the Church and State Governments of Christendom—Kepublics that are untheological. THE BRANCH, ANN LEE. The ' Two Witnesses '—male and female— inspired from the Resurrection—Christ— heavens, to ' prophesy in sackcloth and ashes, under persecution, during the ' 1260 years ' rule of this 'Wilderness' Christianity, closing in 1792, when the wwtheological civil Government of the U. S. ended the power of Babylon priests to kill the Prophets. Up to this period, the spiritual truths of their testimony had ' tormented ' the Church-andState organizations, whether Catholic, Protestant, or Greek, in all of which are inter blended War and Peace, Marriage and Celibacy, Riches and Poverty, Churches and Barracks, Monastic Institutions and Houses of Prostitution, Charitable Orders and the Inquisitions of Rome and Naples, Prisons (like the Tombs and Ludlow jail) and a hireling Police, with a hireling Priesthood, under a 'One God' and 'Three God' system, which prays continually for the second coin^ ing of the man Jesus—as Christ—who, now that he has appeared 'in ten thousand of hid saints,' proves to be the English woman Ann Lee; and 'to as many as receive her, she' and her successors 'give power to become ' sons and daughters of the Lord God Almighty.' F. W. Evans