The Practical and the Beautiful The Divine creations and their attending laws are all in harmony with each other. This is a necessary corollary from the fact of the existence of the Supreme and Infinite Creator. The Infinite must be in harmony with himself. There can be no infinitely disturbing cause. Whatever apparent discord there is, therefore, can be so only to the finite mind. The All-Wise and All-Good is— ' From seemingevil still educing good, And better thence again, and better still, In infinite progression.'1 As viewed by the finite mind, there are in- Inite degrees of ascending life. The student of Nature has more than a glimpse of this truth wherever his observations extend. All degrees of life are correlated, having a necessary conj nection with each other, though this connection, in many instances, may not be perceived ay some. There is the same ascending series m human life, all the subjects of which being correlated, so that the apostolic injunction, ' Let the strong bear the infirmities of the weak,' is of perpetually binding authority. This is in force not only in the Church of | Christ, where the law of love reigns supreme, but wherever human intelligences exist. It aas reference not only to external needs, but also to internal wants. There is an obligation resting upon the entire community to care for all its members, in respect to the means of subsistence, and the development and constant growth of all their God-given faculties. ' My Father works hitherto, and I work,' was the language of Him who had a clear comprehension of this Divine law. There is the same correlation between all the faculties of the human being; and the law | of general regard that is in force throughout the Universe is binding here. As in the human race nations and individuals are in different stages of advancement, so in the individual man the faculties are not equally developed at once. Often a few sway the whole man, the others being so feeble as to manifest themselves in hardly the slightest degree. The Divine law respecting the latter is, not to neglect but to cultivate them. Though they may appear as fallow ground, yet that is to be broken up, exposed to the air and rains of heaven, and thus be able to bear fruit from seed sown. There are many persons who possess a strong sense of moral obligation ; are strictly conscientious in the performance of whatever, in their regard, devolves upon them as duty, whether to their fellow beings or to the Supreme Being; but from a lack of growth in the faculty of The Beautiful, they do not experience the enjoyment which another does who feels equally the force of moral obligation, and has, at the same time, an ardent love of The Beautiful. To the latter there is a beauty in moral actions; love, as displayed in be- nevolence and in a tender regard for the rights and interests of others, is beautiful; purity is a beautiful condition of both soul and body; regularity, whether in external or internal things, is beautiful. '0, how I love thy law! ' he exclaims as he contemplates the All-Beautiful, because he sees it as a golden chain extending throughout all worlds and every species of existence in them, uniting each to the other in one Universe of beauty and glory. To him there is great beauty in harmony, mental and moral as well as musical; in a consistent life of self-denial for the sake of a greater good, and in that symmetrical character which is the result of cultivation of every faculty bestowed upon man. He loves to contemplate the unnumbered worlds in the vast expanse, their relations to each other, and their various movements under the guidance of Sure-Directing Force. Earth's scenery, which presents to his view so grand a variety of hill and dale, lake and river, forest and cultured field, is a source of perpetual charm; and old ocean,— ' That glorious mirror where the Almighty's form Glasses itself in tempest,'1 is no less a cause of admiration. He also takes pleasure in viewing the numerous products of earth, whether in the mineral, vege- table or animal realms, as well as in the higher productions of human skill, displayed either in mechanics, in the finer arts, or in science and literature. All these have a prac- tical bearing upon his life, for they serve to fashion his soul to higher conditions, to inspire him with better thoughts, and to urge him on to nobler actions. In the mind of the person in whom the faculties of Moral Obligation and Love of The Beautiful are equally developed, there is no question whether one should be ignored for the sake of the other. They are equally cherished and cultivated, yet, like every other faculty, under the guidance of enlightened reason. For they give strength to each other. Moral Power has more completeness conjoined to the other fully developed, and Love of Beauty has a far wider field of action in association with Moral Force. This is in accordance with the general law that the greater the strength of each faculty, the greater the strength of all combined. 'A three-fold cord is not easily broken,' much more, a manyfold one. But the one who is aiming at the highest life must, in all things, seek his gratification in that which is highest in its degree. That which has m itself the highest use possesses the greatest beauty. The curve is called one of the lines of beauty; but who that is thoroughly imbued with the Spirit of Christ, can view with satisfaction the death-bearing bomb-shell on its way for the destruction of human life or the useful and beautiful works of man, though the curve which it describes may be of geometrical exactness ? Two armies in battle array, with their divisions, battalions and regiments, may present a scene of wonderful activity and great regularity of movement, in their various marches and countermarches. Many have journeyed miles to view such a sight, but is there any enjoyment to the Christian in its contemplation ? Even the wonderful beauty of earth's scenery must be viewed under favorable circumstances to give satisfaction. There is said to be remarkable beauty and sublimity in the vicinity of the Yellowstone river, in Montana, but Everts, in the thrilling description he gives of his ' Thirty-seven days peril,' recently undergone there, says: ' Seen under favorable I circumstances, this assemblage of grandeur, | beauty and novelty would have been transporting; but jaded with travel, famishing with hunger, and distressed with anxiety, I was in no humor for ecstasy. My tastes were subdued and chastened by the perils which en- vironed me.' Wesley once made the remark that ' it was a pity the devil should have all the best music;' and some religious people have undertaken to convert a portion of what has been used in his service to sacred purposes. But however sweet its melody and lively its notes, there 22 THE 8HA.KER. always appears an incongruity in transferring the music which has been used for ages in singing the praises of Mars and Bacchus, to the service of Him whow as in character the exact reverse of those divinities. The fountains of melody are inexhaustible. Let the faculty of music be enlarged and improved by thorough cultivation; let the soul be open to all the highest inspirations, and there will be no lack, in the Church of Christ, of beautiful music, with its correspondingly beautiful poetry, without borrowing anything used in the worship of the deities of the past, however inspiriting it may have been to their 'worshipers. The shrill sounds of the clarion, the more melodious tones of the bugle, together with other other instruments used to urge men on to the deadly conflict, may be allowed to remain where they properly belong; yet there are and still will be instruments discoursing the sweetest music that may aid the vocal powers in their effort to chant celestial praises. W. H. Bussell