Bhagvat-Geeta The Bhagvat-Geeta, sent us by The ReligioPhilosopical Publishing House, is a small, but in- valuable work to the student of antiquity. The work is no doubt a Brahmic production ; but the curiosity that afflicts one continually, is the wisdom prevailing in it, and to think this was prevalent so many ages ago ! RE.7OIKDER. In a late number of The Christian Advocate, Dr. Curry, Editor, there was published, as original matter, an article copied from Scribner's Monthly, entitled ' Shakerism'—vefloctlng very unfairly and untruthfully upon The Shakers. We wrote the subjoined article in reply, by which the readers of Tire Shakes can judge the Unchristian Advocacy of principles, in the article to which we reply. Our reply was refused publication, and the refusal of the Editor was accompanied by the following remarks : '• It seems to me, you ask very much of us, when you call on us to allow you to defend in our columns a system that convicts our parents, ourselves and our whole people of criminal carnality. You may think your system an eminently spiritual one ; we do not, but quite the contrary. * * * Without any wish to shorten your liberties, but still looking upon your system as a bad one, we are content to let you enjoy your peculiar notions,' etc. These views are such, that no sincere Methodist, being acquainted with The Shakers, would willingly coincide with. By them we are able to judge what the spirit of intolerance would do with us were we not so favored by the Providential Constitution of the IT. S. It would crucify Jesus as readily to-day as ever; and knowing how soon the Consti- tution of the U. S. would take a sectarian turn, when once the opening wedges of ' God' and 'Christ ' are entered therein, we are unreservedly and vehemently opposed to any amendment that will give the Constitution of the IT. S. any theological signification, or that would make it an unfit instrument for the Jew, the Mohammedan, the Christian, the Infidel—of any religion or of no religion. And we warn all. that any sympathy with such amendment, adds weight to the bell that will sound the death-knell of our free government, if it is ever destroyed. Now for the rejoinder :