Eternal Damnation I have experienced much heavenly joy from enlightenment respecting this subject; and believing, dear Shaker, that what has been so comforting to my own heart will be equally comforting to that of other hungerers after truth, I venture to offer the following remarks. What a fearful consideration to the feeling heart! The damnation for ever and ever of a human being ! It is of the utmost importance that we should comprehend the nature and the consequence of that most awful sin, of which the result is, by many, supposed to be eternal damnation. Let us approach its consideration with feelings of reverent hope. First, the Evangelists' report of Jesus' sayings on this subject are to be considered. Matthew's account (xii. 22-37) is the fullest. According to him the circumstances were these : Jesus, in a house in Nazareth probably (Matt. xii. 46; xiii. 1; Mark iii. 27, 31), had healed a blind mute. This miracle, no doubt, seemed to him to be sufficient to convince hearts of flint; but the cold and supercilious pharisees and scribes—some of whom had real faith in him, but from self-interest confessed him not (John xii. 42)—sneeringly said that he did those mighty works by means of devils : as some, in this day, say the Shakers at present do their mighty works. As Jesus read these thoughts in their hearts, what bitterness of spirit must have been his ! He had not yet overcome (John xvi. 33); he still could feel some human anger. What selfrestraint must he have exerted to keep from pouring out upon them his contempt and wrath! ; But the real bitterness and disappointment of his heart find expression in the cry, ' Ye generation of vipers !' This was uttered in the spirit of John the Baptist (Matt, iii. 7) with a force that must have struck terror into the hearts of those who would not nonestly confess their faith in him, but who willfully spoke against their conscience, and who said that his works were of the devil; lie denounced on such eternal wrath. Though Jesus had said not long before, ' I am meek and lowly in heart' (Matt. xi. 29), yet had ' the devil left him, for a season' only (Luke iv. 13). When Jesus had overcome, his Avords were, ' Father, forgive them, they know not what they do.' They knew as little what they did, when they spoke against his spirit, as they knew when they crucified him. What is the meaning of the agony in the garden of Gethsemane, if Jesus did not gain there a great victory over himself? Jesus felt this himself: for, almost immediately after the denunciation, he said (Luke xiii. 50), 'I have a baptism (of fire) to be baptized with, and how am I straitened till it be accomplished.' Are there no souls on the earth who can feel all the anguish of these words ? St. Luke's account of the matter is substantially the same. The only striking point is that, in his gospel, the denunciation is in the wrong place; it is meaningless as it stands, and should be transferred from Luke xii. 10, and placed after Luke xi. 20. No doubt some well-meaning saint of dark times has improved on the evangelist. We must here lament the defects in the gospel records : of the accounts in each, some are defective, others inaccurate. Where there are two, three or four accounts of the same transaction, we must bring them together, being careful to read them all by the greater light of this day, compare them, and extract the truth. Now, St. Mark's account contains a striking qualification. The words are, ' hath never forgiveness,' yet is only ' in danger of eternal damnation.' One would suppose the words 'hath never forgiveness' to mean the same thing as ' eternal damnation '; yet, there come in the stangely qualifying words ' in danger.' Next, the commentators on the testimony : St. Paul (Heb. vi. 4-8) says of 'those who have tasted of the heavenly gift, if they shall fall away, it is impossible' (so it seemed to him) 'to renew them again unto repentance'; he also says, ' they are like bad soil, and nigh unto cursing.' Again : he says of those who sin willfully after having come to a knowledge of the truth (Heb. x. 2G), that ' a fiery indignation,' or literally, ' rrvphg' ^fjXog', a zeal of fire shall devour the adversaries.' St. John, though his gospel seems to be especially devoted to the spiritual teachings of Jesus, does not mention, in that place, this imprecation by Jesus; but he has a few indefinite words in his general Epistle, which may bear on this subject. He says : ' There is a sin unto death,' and ' I (John) do not say that he (the sinner) tpuTrjcq nepl ineivrjg-, may solicit for that.' Here we have before us all that is contained in the Gospels and Epistles of the New Testament on this subject. It is clear that the sin THE SHA^KEH. against the Holy Ghost is committed by three kinds of sinners : by those who, blinded by their own lusts, speak and act against the work of the Spirit; by those who, contrary to the convictions of their conscience and from selfish motives, act in the same way ; and by those who, having tasted of the heavenly gift, become barren by willful sin, and thus turn from friends to adversaries. Jesus said, in a masculine, unqualified way, out of the bitterness of his heart, * Those who say a word against the Holy Ghost are in danger of eternal damnation.' This Jesus said, and this Peter illustrated, drawing his prophetic power from the spiritual force of Jesus ascended (Acts v. 5). Yet we must observe that though Peter tells Ananias he has lied to the Holy Ghost, and though he prophecies the death of Sapphira, there is no mention of eternal damnation. They both fall physically dead, overwhelmed with terror at the discovery of their sin, merely losing by their misconduct the privilege to work out in Time the work of that day. Such sudden discomfiture to persons suffering from heart disease would very easily cause death. God, foreseeing the effect of this event on the minds of after ages, suffered it in connection with Peter's words. It is not to be supposed that Ananias and Sapphira thoroughly understood the nature of their sin : even Peter himself had not entered into the depths of love; for, to enter into those depths requires the full light of truth. The words of Jesus, the illustration by Peter, are a manifestation of Power, the Father in God. But, if there be any meaning in the Bride, which, radically, signifies the principles of the Second Church of Christ, then has the present mani- festation through her of Love, the Mother in God, softened the criminal's sentence; or, more exactly, has made that sentence clear. So long as any blind their spiritual eyes by lust of any kind, or willfully and selfishly shut their eyes to the light, so long will they ex- clude themselves from seeing by the light, both in this world and in the world to come; and the more they kick against the pricks of conscience, the more will they lay up for them- selves a treasure of wrath. So far we have dealt with those who, not having entered into the rest of the heavenly kingdom, do, from their external pride and hypocrisy, lose the joys of loving God during the time of their impenitence. But, when a spirit has tasted of the joys of life, and has walked by the light of the Spirit, yet the soul or flesh, from carelessness, or from willful sin, or from the deliberate shutting of the eyes, involves the spirit again in void and darkness, then is such a case very grievous. Oh, what tender pity ought we not to feel for such souls ! Through ages on ages will their pride, theii vexation of spirit, keep them from again humbling themselves, and from coming to the folc of Christ. During this time their misery wil be tenfold enhanced by their knowledge of the permanence of the very principles they deny, by their knowledge of the joys of the cross But ' a zeal of fire shall devour them; the flames of the love of God (or, of the wrath of God; the sound differs, the ivord is the same), which burn in conscience, shall blast out of ;hem that nature which keeps them from happiness ; and, when they humble themselves, ;hey shall hear the divine words ' thou shalt weep no more : he will be very gracious unto ;hee at the voice of thy cry; when he shall iear it, he will answer thee' (Isaiah xxx. 19). Yet their work will be harder, far greater their agonies in overcoming the nature of sin, than hey would have been had they gone straight through in Time. Dear Shaker, I take the esson home to myself. Thomas J. Stroud, Enfield, Conn.