Christian Patience It is impossible, and indeed altogether undesirable, considering the wickedness of the world, that individual Christians should have no enemies. This will be especially the case with those who possess force of character, and feel strongly the truths entrusted to them. The fearless advocacy of right, the zealous persistence in duty, will inevitably produce alongside of much good report, its reward of slanderous evil report. Now it is very desir- able that the Christian should be aware of this, and should know how to meet such circum- stances. The highest state of mind that, in this respect, we can attain to is to feel this : ' It matters not at all what envious and cunning individuals may say or do against me. I am conscious of my own rectitude. God sees my heart, and gives me my reward. I feel for those poor persons who try to injure me, nothing but love and pity: how far are they from those gentle feelings of humility and goodness with which I am blest! However they may injure my external reputation, they cannot take from me my internal struggles or the victories I have gained over sin. If any opportunity occurs, I will be very tender to those spreaders of evil reports ; I will heap on their hearts the burning fires of love.' When a soul can feel thus, and can act on this principle, it has progressed far. But such is the weakness of human nature that, however well intentioned souls may be, few can help feeling wounded by misrepresentation. But any one possessed of ordinary intelligence and power of will can avoid crying out when hurt, however keen the wound. Nothing will give greater satisfaction to a malicious enemy than to see his malice take effect; and it is a point of prudence, if of nothing higher, to foil malice by patient self-restraint. A soul derives satis faction from self-respect, and it is impossible to feel self-respect if we give wajr to expressions of annoyance at slander, or if we retaliate on the slanderers in any other way than by blessing. But some will say, especially those whose years have not given them experience, that it is impossible to enjoy life, if all their external surroundings are embittered by the malice of enemies, and if they feel in the minds of those about them distrust and want of appreciation. This at once shows a want of deep spirituality. Until a soul feels that real substantial happiness consists only in conquest of the nature of sin, it cannot feel that calm certainty for itself in which alone subsists that peace which passeth understanding. Moreover, it is certain that, in practical life, a steady and zealous pursuance of duty will produce its inevitable consequence of confidence in the minds of those who are really worthy of our esteem. What a satisfaction it is to look back on the difficulties we have lovingly struggled through ! Well-doing is a rock on which the feeble bark of slander will inevitably go to pieces. But the Christian has no right to any enemies except those produced by adherence to Christ principles. The Christian cannot have personal enemies. He hates no one, his heart is full of love; therefore his foes are those only who hate not him, but the life he lives, the truths he advocates; and who would hate that life and those truths in 'any one? Let us hunger for such enemies, since, alas ! there must be wicked people in the world ; and since it is better for us that they hate us than that they love us. Again : in the progress of our travail, before the soul has gained a thorough knowledge of itself, the criticisms of enemies are very useful. An enemy discovers a fault of character much more quickly than a friend, and the patient laborer in the overcoming field will gladly note hostile observations, and thus turn to good account malicious shafts. This will be very bitter to the old man in us, yet there cannot be a better exercise : for, the soul will find, when it can patiently listen to adverse words, and can draw therefrom truths pregnant with salvation, that it will possess a divine patience that nothing can shake. Anna Ervin, Enfield, Conn.