(From the Mirror of Typography.) The Spirit of Intolerance It is a common error to believe that intolerance was abolished when the feudal system was swept away or crushed by the invective of a Calvin, a Luther, or a Knox. It exists at the present time with as much force, and is as practical in its results, as when the bold baron rode forth with his armed retainers to levy and slay with all the gran ferocity of the twelfth and thirteenth centuries; is just as strong as when Rogers, and Ridley, andCranmer, sung their hymns of praise amid the blazing pile and the hootings of their persecutors, or when Salem judges sent innocent women to the stake. The intolerant baron lives still; he is not mounted upon a barbed steed or clad with steel, nor does he hold the lance ready to enforce his demands; his charger is a 'hobby,' his armor respectability, and his lance the tongue, the pen, or the purse. Unlike his prototype of the twelfth century, the feudal chief of the nineteenth urges on his retainers from behind the barriers of the journal, or the statute book, instead of leading them on in person and showing a courageous example. The same judges, in spirit, that condemned reformers and witches to the stake, still breathe in our midst. Filled with wise saws and armed with glib tongues, they prate of civilization, free speech, free press, and kindred blessings; declare with emphasis that they love mankind, that is, those that love them, and believe as they believe. Precepts so harmonizing and tolerant are scattered broadcast, yet the authors, by their own lives, belie the words they utter. Intolerance is part of tho» human system, as it is also an indication of strength. It drove the Huguenots from France, and the Puritans from England, as did the same elements drive the Quakers from Massachusetts and the Mormons to the desert of Utah. The same story is repeated over and over again through history, sacred and profane, and is being and will be repeated while the human race exists. The strong are born to criifh the weak, unless the growth of the latter be so rapid as to defy the efforts of the former. Keep theology out of the Constitution of the U. S., or this 'Spirit of Intolerance' will throw off its mask, give the Constitution a sectarian name, and wage war on those who will not bow down to it. *