Items of Interest Debatable land 'The Debatable Land,'1 by R. D. Owen, is a most remarkable work on Spiritualism. Those who are interested in the progress of Spiritualism will not fail of its perusal. The address to the Clergy is a valuable exhortation to thinking humanity. But let no one read who will not understand, or who fears being persuaded. Carleton, New York, is the publisher. A man proves himself fit to go higher... A man proves himself fit to go higher, who shows that he is faithful where he is. A man that will not do well in his present place because he longs to be higher, is fit neither to be where he is, nor yet above it. ' Life of Victoria C. Woodhull Life of Victoria C. Woodhull ' has been sent us; were it not from the pen of a nature's nobleman— Theodore Tilton—we would incline to the belief that its subject was a myth of the 19th century. Price 10 cents. As long as men continue to worship an exclusively masculine God... As long as men continue to worship an exclusively masculine God, they will never practically acknowledge the equality of woman. Let women teach their children to pray Mother God, and there will soon be a change in the current of public opinion. Go to the fountain head, it you would purify the stream. The world has inherited its theology from the times when women were considered as the servants or slaves of men—when animal force was predominant, and men's highest conception of God was that of a being capable of executing justice, by force. The higher element of Love they had not realized as a moving power in the Godhead, and hence had not recognized this feminine element in their worship. How long will enlightened women continue virtually to acknowledge their inferiority, by continuing to ignore the representation of their sex in the Godhead? Is this the Nineteenth century, and are the people awake? Who are the heathens to-day? Moonly Voice Moonly Voice Among our exchanges, we have found none more radical... Among our exchanges, we have found none more radical on the vital questions of to-day ; none more willing to stand by and build up unpopular, but living truths ; none that are willing to do more good to others than is done to it, than the neatly printed and ably edited ''Crucible' of Baltimore, Md. Our Canadian subscribers must send postage... Our Canadian subscribers must send postage ; we are required to prepay. One of the happy 'signs of the times'... One of the happy ' signs of the times'' maybe eagerly observed by every true reformer, in an article on ' Husbands and Wives' in 'The Herald of Health ' for Feb. Communism Communism.—Christian communism declares, 'All that is mine is thine.'' Infidel communism, on the contrary, ' All that.is thine is mine.' World's Crisis Christians who wish to retain the spirituality of their religion... Christians who wish to retain the spirituality of their religion, should be very careful how they mingle with the world. He who is pleased with the company of ungodly men, no matter how witty or learned, is either himself one with them, or is drinking into their spirit.— World's Crisis. Once virtue stood before knowledge... Once virtue stood before knowledge, in the estimation of the Apostle, for he exhorted to add knowledge thereto. If he lived now, he would, doubtless, advise to add to knowledge virtue. E. Myrick Bound copies of the first volume of The Shaker... Bound copies of the first volume of The Shaker, may be obtained by. application to the Resident Editor. Price, Two Dollars ; extra binding, Three Dollars; unbound, 75 cents. Item for meat eaters... Item for meat eaters: An old ox, having done valuable service in one of the Shaker families, was fatted, and brought to the shambles. Walking up to the ring without resistance, he stood, and as if conscious of his past efforts and the impending blow, actually shed tears, until stunned by the butcher! We vouch for this. * On page 20... On page 20, present number, top of third column may be observed, a sentence—'Ye generation of vipers''—very commonly attributed to Jesus. Our reading of this in Matt. 3, 7, makes John the Baptist author of this harsh saying. 'Search the Scriptures.' * The Phrenological Annual is out. Among other matters, we find a purported portrait of Ann Lee, together with our letter to S. R. Wells. Very few Shakers coincide with the Spirit Artist; but it is very interesting to observe what artists attempt, and phrenologists determine from such attempts.