Shakerism's Defense Editor Advocate : In your issue of Dec. 28. is an article entitled ' Shakerism.' To remove prejudices created thereby, and to prevent further misconceptions, we ask your kindly consideration and publication of ' Shakerism's Defense.' We are well acquainted with the author of ' Shakerism' in The Advocate, having harmlessly experienced other intended rebukes and sarcastic lectures upon Shakerism from his pen. We do not blame him—we do pity him—and all others failing of a true comprehension of real Shaker polity. In one of Holland's lectures, he observes: ' I believe God loves the Shakers, but I do not think he admires them !' Now, we do not ask admiration of our worship, our dress, nor of our self-denying testimony; but if all good Methodists will love our lives, we will be satisfied with them. In The Shaker for last November, we wrote upon ' The Difficult Lesson,'—being learned by us, and by us being taught to the world at large. We find Dr. Holland as ignorant of this ' Lesson ' as the generality of readers, though he has had very favorable opportunities of learning it. The worshipful exercises, which we permit strangers to witness, we are aware, excite, in the minds of those misunderstanding them, less reverence than we feel; and in the very worldly-minded, mirthful derision ; and such would mock the movings of the good Spirit in a Methodist Church, or wherever else manifested. And yet, while many thousands an- nually visit our meetings, coming, mayhap, with fun in their hearts; still, we believe, the majority 'tarry to pray with us' that the right will prevail. Of the continuance of our Public Meetings as a successful missionary enterprise, we have a personal doubt; and while expecting (not announcing) their discontinuance at no distant day, we believe they have done much good. As in ' The Difficult Lesson,' we repeat, that the position of the Shakers on the subject of Marriage, is very much misunderstood by even the vulture-eyed philosopher and the lion-hearted reformer. The two planes of existence we present to the world, both right in their individual spheres, give to marriage all it sacredly demands, and more than it physiologically gets; and at the same time assert that Marriage is an earthly institution only, and does not belong to the spiritual heavens—neither 'heaven on earth' according to Christianity, nor heaven ' in that world which is to come.' No Shaker, having been baptized with fire and the Holy Spirit (and these are what make true Shakers), ever ' acknowledged that the society of woman, in the intimate relations of a wife, would be inexpressibly sweet to him,' nor many similar assertions in your article on ' Shakerism.' Any person who does not realize greater blissfulness in being ' a eunuch for heaven's sake,' is not a Shaker! and if making the profession, is either an infant in the faith, or a designing hypocrite, seeking the ' loaves and fishes.' We do ' assume (and know), that we live purer lives in the abstinence of marriage,' when complying with the injunctions of our faith to chasten every deed, word and thought that would excite sensuality in the flesh ! Can you look upon such a system as a bad one ? While we look upon marriage as honorable in its place—yet that place is outside and beneath a Christian life—and those engaged in it as respectable when properly respecting it; yet, to us, there is a sphere as far above the reproductive, as our estimates of heaven are superior to our estimates of earth. Few, if any good Methodists believe that the Angels marry; and can they object if the Shakers pattern the hosts of heaven in this respect ? Certain it is, that as individuals approach Angelhood, they are adopting Shaker principles, consciously or otherwise. The Shakers do look for a reward ; but not after the storehouse or hay-stack theory, but in the effects upon their characters, of the causes they engage in; and we realize daily, sufficient reward to repay us for all the cross we endure from the absence of matrimony; hence the cross, so apparent to the devotees of marriage, disappears to the thorough-going Shaker. To the Shaker, ' The pleasures of an earthly life can give no peace of mind ; But the gospel is full recompense for all we leave behind.' ' The sweet sinfulness of marriage' is a term we never have used, and bearing as it does the mark of the beast, we will not adopt it. A man is what he makes himself; whether level with or beneath the brute creation, or as you give us the credit of aspiring, ' preeminent among the saints ! ' By refusing to fall in love with the earthly, and by rising, cheerfully, in love with the Angel-life, we do not ' insult our own nor others' parents !' they, under the light of God manifested to them, did 2O THE SHAKER. rightly; and yet they were (unconsciously) not Christians ! That which was proper before the advent of Christianity, or the adoption of the Christian profession, becomes, in as many respects as the systems differ, very improper afterward; and to full Christians, the elements that would make of us, first, husbands and wives, then fathers and mothers, and necessitate the gathering of private property for the sustenance of all that is ' mine,'' are unchristian elements, however absurd or unpleasant the ideas may be to the mass of 'professing Christians ! We claim an increase of light beyond the illuminations of our parents; and in the face of this would fall under a condemnation our parents could not know of, should we now do as they have done; and our personal feelings strongly object to the proposition ' that our virgin Sisters become Mothers ' by any power with which we are acquainted. In these opinions, ' the Shaker maybe mistaken,' but we opine not. The wholesale slaughter of virgin purity, indulged in by the writer of ' Shakerism,' wherein he styies, it ' a damaging thought among the Shakers, celibate priests, monks and nuns, ' reminds us how wide-spread is sympathy for us, and how sincere are the imitators of the virgin spirit of our Lord. ' Marriage peoples the earth,' said the sage, 'but Celibacy increases the forces of heaven.' While admitting the good of marriage, we as readily assert its corroding effects upon true, spirit growth, and for the acquisition of the superior good, reject its good and bad together. And why find fault with us, and not with our much adored exemplar—Jesus ? Dr. II. would not write such scurrilous remarks of the celibate Jesus—why of us ? We hate the selfish spirit of the bachelor worse than he does. If we are engaging in aught that Jesus did not, or which he failed to predict would come to pass, then we are not his followers. We also recognize the heroism displayed by the missionaries of the various sects ; while we are positive that carnal men and women will face all other dangers, rather than ' crucify the flesh, with its affections and lusts,' in their own unregenerate hearts. So far as the inuendo goes, that 'marriage would be a greater personal purity on the part of the Shaker,' that charge of secret sensuality lost all its force, years ago. The sum is this : Could we enjoy the felicities of matrimony, exceeding the most finely drawn picture of the most exaggerative, sensual novelist ; and could we produce offspring as perfect as was Jesus, we should feel no more permission to engage in either, than we now feel, when ' incompatibility of temper ' is so nearly universal, and when less healthful progeny than cattle is so general. ' Our lives are cut off from the earthly,' as was our exemplar's ; and having transcended the procreative plane, we experience the transmutation of our natural abilities into spiritual relationships. We judge, Ed. Advocate, that the writer of ' Shakerism,' if not your honor, has more faith in real Shakerism than he is willing to practice. By your help we would place this article into the hands of every Methodist, and its substance in the hearts of all liberal thinkers. G. A. Lomas