Life in God The English translators of St. John the Evangelist, in the first verse, according to the version of an eminent linguist, have made a wonderful mistake; the Greek word 'Logus' has two significations, 'mind' and 'word.' Thomas Jefferson says, the translators by selecting ' word ' instead of 'mind,' as the representative of the word Logus, have entirely destroyed the meaning, and made nonsense of the evangelist's context. In accepting Jefferson's translation we have: ' In the beginning was Mind or Intelligence, and mind was with God, and mind was God.' In thus setting forth the beginning of the Gospel, or Thesis of St. John, we restore the verse to common sense, reason and truth ; for mind must precede word, either spoken or written, as word is only an emanation, whether of the Eternal or finite mind. A right translation might have saved volumes, besides a world of trouble to commentators, and much vexation to the common readers of the sacred volume It would require a Nicene Council to make the Supreme out of a word; and one of more potency, to change the virgin Mary into the mother of God; and the still more potent Ecumenical Council to elaborate the old corpulent Italian into the immaculate Jehovah ! Tn the very penning of these awful blasphemies, we feel a degree of compunction, as having taken the most sacred name of the Eternal in vain. However deplorable and mortifying these black pictures may be to the truthful and pure in heart, the nineteenth century may be in labor and travail, and bring forth a monster, of which the world has no conception, in terrible blackness and deformity ! Catholicism may be called to restore the ' Holy See ' to the government of the secular and religious world; a bloody tragedy may ensue, of which the Crusades to the ' Holy Land', are as a mere shadow ! The civilized world may yet learn to its great consternation, that Catholicism is neither dead, nor dying; but lying in an assumed condition, of which we have a specimen in a certain animal of the west, which can die, at will, or pleasure, and again become reanimated, with the same ease and facility ! ! 23 THE SHA.KEH. But leaving these hints for future consideration, we find ourselves involved in a labyrinth of theological mysteries ; according to modern sectaries, religion seems to have deserted the souls of men and women, and taken up its abode in Ecclesiastical Mysteries. To evolve, or disentangle and straighten out these knots of their divinity, has engaged the best minds of reformed Catholicism for ages, and called forth many cart-loads of reformed divinity; writer after writer has puzzled his brains, and brought forth gas only; for the whole anti-christian scheme of salvation by proxy is a myth, an oriental speculation of the Brahmins. If any of our readers are yet in doubts, may we ask them to procure the ' Bhagvat-Geeta,' or the ' Dialogues of Kreeshna and Arjoon,' translated by the English clerk, Charles Wilkins, of the East India commission; in that sacred volume he will find the whole of the mysteries pertaining to the secular godhead, and many more strange ideas, in conjunction with the triune divinity and incarnation. Also, the corroborative testimony of the Governor General, Warren Hastings, as to the truth of the translation, and the identity of Hindoo mythology and Catholicism. Truth has no place in this matchless chaos of absurdities: still, men are preaching. The disciples of Luther and Calvin, and a host of others, after a collegiate education, study their speculative theology, or Brahminism, under some of their renowned Drs. of divinity, and being duly ordained, according to creed, go forth to teach, and spread paganism through the land; and the poor heathen, as we call them, have to be tortured with this miserable, speculative, rejuvenated sectarian paganism ! How long, before rational men and women will learn, that Salvation is a growth of righteousness in the human soul ? and that this growth in the divine nature, is to con- tinue to the endless ages of eternity ? The Saviour never taught any other mode of salva- tion; he said nothing about salvation by proxy; nothing of 'paying the debt in our law, room and stead;' but redemption from a sinful nature was to supervene by a life of self-denial and the cross ; a daily dying to the propensities of a carnal animal nature, by following the Captain of our salvation in the regeneration. In his parable he said, ' I am the vine, ye are the branches, my Father is the husbandman ;' thus to grow up in God, and become one with him, in the Divine nature, was the design and intent of the Saviour's mission. This buying and selling salvation on hypothetical capital, seems too much like speculation, or gambling in matters of eternal interest. 0 the folly of a deluded sectarian world ! 'The blind leading the blind;' and all in the ditch of ignorance, folly, and superstition :—Paganism reigning triumphant in a supposed Ghristian land; and fanaticism spending millions of money, and much precious time, and many valuable lives; and al for what ? Simply to convert the Orienta' Nations to their own Religion, of more than four thousand years' prevalence; aged anc *rey-headed, long before its advent on the shores of Europe. But there is still hope; the Saviour's Light s again burning and shining, and the nations are turning to its bright illuminations ! Paganism is destined to have an end, and the true God and his Gospel will be known; the gospel will spread to the uttermost parts of the earth; and the heaATenly Father and Mother will be honored and glorified by the redemption of their prodigal children; all in ;heir appointed time. Wm. N. Redmon Union Village, 0., Dec. 2nd 1871.