An Original Parable, No. 1 A certain benevolent judge was continually defamed by a wicked and malicious neighbor, who had taken it in head that the good judge was his enemy, and that he intended some day to imprison and torture him during the rest of his mortal life. The judge was anxious to convince the wicked neighbor that he was his friend. That he loved him and wanted to do him good; but the bad neighbor carefully evaded and kept out of his way. Finally the judge called on a poor, honest neighbor to become a mediator, and sent him to the bad neighbor to assure him that he loved him, and greatly desired that he would put away his enmity, which made him so unhappy. You may assure him, said the judge, that love is better than hatred, and that I long to have his soul filled with love, that we may both greatly rejoice together. The judge also sent the bad neighbor divers good gifts by the mediator, to convince him of his benevolent feelings toward him. The mediator plead so eloquently, and set forth his employer's character in such lovmg terms, that lie melted the heart of his neighbor, and being encouraged by the embassador, he confessed to him all the hard sayings and evil actions he had said and done against ;he good judge. Come, said the mediator, go with me and see the truth of my words, and 'eel the love and blessing there is in his friendship. They went and had a most joyful meeting and the atonement (at-one-ment) was complete. Their friendship grew into perfect love and so ever remained. Note.—The view given in this parable, of the doctrine of atonement, supposes God to be unchangeably good, and that the reconciliation is effected by a necessary change in man's understanding and affections. But this is not the orthodox view, that will be given in PARABLE NO. 2. There was a certain stern and inexorable judge, who plumed himself on the inflexibility of his justice, boasting that he let no transgressor escape vindictive punishment. He had a neighbor who hated and maliciously defamed him. The judge had the culprit arrested and found guilty of a penitentiary crime, and sentenced him to imprisonment for life. The judge had a son, a very benevolent young man who thought the sentence was cruel and unjust. He besought the judge to be merciful to the offender and remit his punishment, saying, he believed he could, by reasoning and persuasion, convince him of his error and bring about an atonement. The merciless judge insisted that the convict had violated the eternal principles of justice, and nothing would satisfy its demands but the vindictive punishment of the offender or his substitute. And said he, young man, if you are sincere and interested in saving that wicked wretch from deserved punishment, you may just take his place and suf- fer the full penalty of law in his room and stead. So that vindictive justice is satisfied, I care not who pays the penalty. The humane, kind-hearted young man replied : Well I am sure that I am in a condition which enables me to bear the punishment much better than my poor offending neighbor, and if you cannot show mercy nor forgive, you may punish me and let him go free. This blind judge could not see that eternal justice would be more violated by punishing the innocent and letting the guilty go free, than to pardon the guilty and let him go free without punishing the innocent; therefore he accepted the good young man's offer, threw him into prison and made him suffer the full penalty of the bad man's sentence. Orthodoxy says the son was killed, sent to hell, staid three days and was then let off and restored to life. Reader, which of these judges do you like best ? R. W. Pelham