A Word in Prose with a Poetical Illustration We have received the following from some friend whom we do not know, but whose sympathies, conjoined to many others, to us made manifest, we appreciate. The undersigned is decidedly of the opinion that the so-called ' Shakers ' have a providential place in the economy of the ' Kingdom of Heaven,' of which the sects in general are, as yet, not sufficiently cognizant. I am quite certain that, in various particulars, I should essentially differ from them; but, for all that, there is a certain principle in their practical formula and vital life which should be specially considered by the religious world at large. Not to enter into this topic more fully at present, let us test the point in question by the following brief Psalm or Hymn. To whom is the ' door ' of the ' Kingdom ' more fully opened to-day; and who have more entirely entered in to the spirit and practical adaptation of its principles, than have the disciples of Mother Ann Lee ? Many of the truer and vital forms of Faith can speak of ' rest unto the soul,' but merely from the influence of their beautiful convictions; while in their external relations they are yet attached to ' the world,' and are joined in with its selfish methods, and fully (?) subject to its corrosive cares and vexations, to say nothing of its falsities, frivolities and ferocities. Such, in sentimental measure and feeling, can sing, in the expression of our rhythmical subject below—we have sought—we have found the Lord—we arc happy in our trust in Thee, etc. ! but yet what class, like the Shakers, can absolutely and genuinely speak of themselves as ' from the world won away ? ' ' In the soul's calm retreat, safe and blest.' ' Till self-styled Christian society makes its system practical and vital in Christ,' the special unction of a spiritual song, like the following, will find its most appropriate re- sponse from the hearts and lips of a people who are so unific in the spirit of Christ, as are our Shaker friends. Those who, under the name of Spiritual-ists, are assuming just now to control the great spiritual movement of the age, can surely lay scarcely the shadow of a claim to any particular appreciation to our poetic theme; it is indeed a question whether they have, in any degree, the estimate of Jesus Christ as the 'Master,' 'Lord' or 'Savior,' which would enable any of their Journals to publish it as expressive of the finer element of their cause. The real 'first fruits' of the spirit movement, however, are up to the point presented in this effusion, and the people of the Shaker Communities can sing the annexed verses from the hearts and voices of true workers in religion and reform. 'Knock and it Shall be Opened unto You.' We wait and we watch at thy portals, dear Lord, We invoke thee with patience and prayer ; We remember the counsel and call of thy word And we knock—Blessed One art thoii there ? Our hearts are not faint though we come from afar, Though we've struggled and toiled to the end ; For thy love has sustained us—thy door has no bar, Yet we knock—dost thou hear us, dear friend ? We listen in silence ; no sound of thy voice Has announced that thy presence is nigh ; But we smile through our tears, for in Faith we rejoice, As we knock—wilt thou now make reply ? Lo ! the door opens wide, and Jesus appears Full of goodness and cheer—conie to win ; And he cries, as his hand wipes away all our tears, ' Y*e who knock, welcome home ! enter in. !' 0, happy are we, from the world won away, In the soul's calm retreat safe and blest; And to all who yet wander we earnestly say, Come and knock—and with Christ be at rest. D. J. Mandell