Liberty, What is It ? I was led to the following thoughts by reading an article in the January number of the current volume of the Phrenological Journal, entitled Political Klkgs. While I can approve of much of the article referred to, I must confess that I was surprised at language like the following, evincing, as it seems to, the spirit of bigotry and intolerance. And the more surprising from the candor and liberality usually evinced by the editorials of the Journal, and its progress in liberal ideas, and freedom from intolerance and bigotry, that forms so prominent a feature of the Journal as a whole. After portraying, to some extent, the evils of the political parties of the day, and of Tammany in particular, it goes on to discuss the means for correcting this state of things in this wise: ' We would require every man—not imbecile, insane, criminal, or idiotic—to take part in the municipal State or National affairs, whether he be Shaker, Quaker, or Communist. All who enjoy the privileges of our free institutions, should be required not only to pay taxes, but to vote and to fight!' ' Should be required,' of course, implies the right and power to compel to the acts required ; and a disposition to use the compelling power. Now, as we, the Shakers, are one of the classes named above, and may pass as representatives of the whole, let us look into this matter; as the editor, a little farther on, informs us, that 'eternal vigilance is the price of liberty,' civil or religious. And he also speaks, as dear and inalienable, of the right to worship God according to the dictates of our own consciences. Perhaps the editor is not aware that it is a part of the religious faith of the Shaker order to take no part in the political movements of the times, either municipal, State or National, either directly or indirectly; that, as Christians, we are called to be separate from the world, and that we cannot, under any circumstances, mingle or take part in the affairs of the civil government, or of political life, without sacrificing one of the foundational principles of our religious faith and life. Then if we were to be compelled to do this, contrary to our honest convictions of right and duty, what becomes of the so much boasted liberty of conscience, the right to worship God according to its dictates ; which implies also the right to serve God as our faith may lead us. If the editor is aware of our faith and real position on this subject, I think there is, at least, an apparent inconsistency in the article referred to. If he is ignorant in these respects, we advise him to read the ' Shaker,3 and other publications of the Society, before stating, so positively, what he would do, or what he would compel others to do, had he the power. But further—'should be required to vote and to light.' We can hardly think so wrell informed a writer as the editor of the ' The Journal' can be ignorant of the fact that the Shakers, Quakers, and some others of the numerous Communists of our country, have always been averse to war and bloodshed ; and have, from motives of faith and conscience, abstained from, and refused to bear arms, or to learn the arts of war as practiced by so-called Christian nations of our day, our own included. And that they have steadily adhered to this course, not only when policy and prudence might seem to dictate it as the path of safety, but also when persecution for this refusal stared them in the face, or fell on their unoffending and unresisting heads; and the strong arm of military and despotic power was stretched out for the purpose of compelling obedience to its requirements; just as the editor would do, it seems, had he the power. It would seem that so-well informed a man could not be ignorant of these facts; or that he should attribute our adhesion to these principles and exemplifications of our faith and principles in our lives, in these and other respects, to any other than honest conscientious motives; of obedience to the light God has given us; and, that this being the case, he would think twice before he again advocates such an arbitrary and unjust course as that marked out in the article referred to ; and that while he prizes so highly the right to worship God, he will at least be willing to accord to others, even Shakers, Quakers, or Communists, the same privilege and the same rights. Henry Cumings, Enfield, N. H.