Immaculate Conception The immaculate conception doctrine of the Catholic Church, results from the belief of the possibility and practicability of a pure spiritual gospelized generation, in past ages, as recorded in Jewish history—Isaac, John Baptist and Jesus, being only instances under a general law. This doctrine is the basic foundation of Gentile—generative—Christianity. While the Catholic Church numbers marriage among the sacraments, it yet recognizes celibacy as the highest form of Christianity; and requires it undeviatively of the priesthood and of all the monastic orders, as being essential to a true life of spirituality. With Protestants, that 'light has become darkness; ' to them, salvation is by faith, independent of works. ' The man of sin sitteth in the temple ' or church, and is sanctified out and out. Commencing with the dogma of ' total depravity,' they depend en- tirely upon the ' imputed righteousness ' of somebody who suffered for their wrong-doing, and ' in their stead; ' and not at all upon their own good, true, and honest works, to form to themselves a genuine Christian character. Believing Jesus to be God, they look for him to come, personally, to each 'seeker,' without the intervention of any mediators; either man, woman, tutelar or subordinate gods. Salvation is a matter of will and favor, rather than of character and principle. Hence the vilest sinner can be transmuted into the best of saints in a moment of time, and just before they draw their last earthly breath. As ' there is no repentance in the grave' no probation in eternity—at death, each becomes, instantaneously, a devil, or a saint anc angel. After admitting such premises, it easy to swallow a camel, and to accept the remainder of the ' doctrines of devils,' which have no foundation either in reason or revelation. The reanimation and transmutation of the physical bodies of mankind into spiritual bodes, with corollary dogmas, equally absurd, ire some of the logical sequences which flow rom the interblcnding of the dispensations and spheres—of natural and spiritual ideas— ,hat commence with the confused notion of a spiritualized, holy, generation, that ultimated n an 'immaculate conception,' by the Holy Ghost or the Virgin Mary, of the most abused man Jesus of Nazareth. In plain English, reproduction appertains exclusively to the material earths, which are ;he ultimates of all spiritual spheres and worlds—the lowest,-most outward and external of all the ' many mansions' or planes of existence in the realms of thought, or known ;o human consciousness. Consequently, while natural generation—the reproduction of souls conjoined to animal human bodies—has its proper appropriate plane on the earth and in she earth ; for there are corresponding invisible spheres, which are the sources of vitality, back to deity—the innermost of all spheres— and agents as angels in them, who are God's ministers—as parents are creators, in the place and stead of deity—intermediate and subordinate powers and principalities—as is the order of existences in the world we inhabit. Human association exhibits ascending spheres from the most low and animal, to the most interior, intellectual and spiritual. The Shaker Order is but the innermost and central sphere on the earth. ' That which is born of the flesh is flesh ; ' and Jesus was as truly born of the flesh as were Adam and Eve, and as have been all their posterity. ' That which is born of the spirit is spirit;' and Jesus needed to be begotten and born of the Spirit as really as any other man of the race of Adam, before he could become a Son of God in the spiritual order of the resurrection. Adam was a ' Son of God' on the natural plane, by his first birth, and was as ' holy a thing' as was the child Jesus. And it was as impossible for Jesus to be born the Christ— a spiritual being—as it was for x^.dam to have been born a spiritual being; that which is natural is first, and afterwards that which is spiritual. It is the only way that God can do things, because he is governed by law just as much as we are, or ought to be. Right here must commence a line of demarcation between a believer of pure simple Chris- tianity, and a Babylon Christian, who mixes generation and regeneration, natural and spir- itual, light and darkness, good and evil, and the good of one plane, with the good appro- priate only to a different plane, together—thus making confusion or Babylon. Without faith in Christ — interior to all earthly and generating spheres—visible or invisible—as the mediator between God, who is spirit, per se, and man who ' also is flesh,' there can be no spiritual begetting as ' new birth' into the Christ sphere. For if Christ is the second Adam and Eve—a quickening spirit—it is just as impossible for any natural son or daughter of the race of the first Adam and Eve—Jesus included—to become a son or daughter of God—a spiritual man or woman— resurrected from the natural order of generation, up to the spiritual order of regeneration— except by a baptism of the second Adam and Eve, as a quickening spirit, to beget and bear them, such as Jesus was the subject of, as it would be for a natural child to be begotten and born, except through representatives—successors—of the first Adam and Eve; and it would be as unnatural and unreasonable to expect the first Adam and Eve to beget and bear all human beings, as it is for the generating Babylon Christian to first call Jesus ' the second Adam,' and then look to him as their only and immediate spiritual Savioiir and father, when he has left to them no spiritual posterity—no successors or representatives. It is the Christ outside of the first Adam— that is, the great Mediatorial Sphere—the sec- ond or spiritual Adam and Eve—which is the agent to transfer all the forces and powers of man and woman from the natural to the spiritual plane of their existence. Yea, ' though I have known Christ after the flesh, as Jesus, yet now henceforth know I him no more,' in that way. In the Jewish generative heavens there were prophesyings, as there was on earth, of a human being who should be the first to be begotten from the dead order of the flesh into the living order of the Spirit. And when the event occurred, there came prophetesses and prophets from both the generative earth and the generative heavens, to announce the advent of the coming extraordinary man. Not that the prophets or angels of either sphere com- prehended the significance of the event they celebrated—but, the Christ Spirit moving upon them, modified their utterances. Of themselves they did not, could not understand the spiritual resurrection, of which Jesus was destined to be the first fruits; a specimen of what each and every one of the race, to which he belonged, might become in time or in eternity. The Christ heavens were 'far above all of the generative heavens' of these inquiring angels; hence they earnestly desired to 'look into them,' and to understand what the inspiring spirit in them did signify by the words of their own mouth. The wise men of the East, and the angels, united in singing a joyful generative song. But how widely different was the ' new song ' of the resurrection, which John the Revelator heard while in a visionary condition, and of which he wrote—that was a song which no generative man or angel could learn; Jesus himself could not sing it until after John had baptized him with the Christ Spirit. When the Christ ' Spirit descended in bodily shape as a dove,' it claimed Jesus as the first begotten from the dead, the first born among many brethren, who confessed and forsook sin—all generative sin— the primary cause of all death —and called upon him to die to his generative life—that he might be quickened into a true Christ life—become a Christian. Thus Jesus was born of a woman, under the Law; but was not born the Christ until thirty years of age. Of that second birth, the angels and the wise men of the East knew no more than Nicodemus, for no one could call Jesus by his spiritual name, unless like Peter, he had a similar baptism. And true Christians are only known to each other in that way. Antichrist adheres to the man, 30 THE SHAKER and ignores the Christ. ' But as a living dogis better than a dead lion,' so is a living elder of to-day of more value to a lost soul, in protecting, directing, and saving it, than all the dead saints of the past, Jesus and Ann included. He is of more value than a legion of angels without a medium. The father and mother of Jesus, when he lay in a manger, were better to him than would have been Michael and Gabriel, with all their angel companions. The second appearing of Christ is necessary to lead us into a knowledge of the first appearing, as we are led into a knowledge of our natural ancestry, through the kind offices of our papillary nurse. Personal travel in the spiritual order of the resurrection will demonstrate to any soul the fact, that as is the union between Christ and Belial—flesh and spirit—so is the union of a genuine Shaker with the immaculate conception of Mary and the most holy generation of Jesus. As the baptism of fire burns up the generative life—the testimony of the Christ Spirit pierced, as a sword, through the bowels or womb of the Virgin Mary. F. W. E. Mt. Lebanon, Columbia Co., N. Y.