Reform '----is joined to idols ; let him alone.' Hos. 4, 17. Editor op the Shaker : The signs of the times emphatically point to a period in the future, when believers will, in all human probability, enjoy the blessing of a re-vitalization of all their now dormant energies; and, as we fondly hope and fervently pray, a rich harvest of honest and faithful workers, and an advent of spirits from the ranks of the sincere and sin-sick of the world, into our midst, who are more than satisfied, even disgusted with the low, groveling pleasures of the rudimental plane of existence. But I have a very strong impression, that before this glorious day of gladness and prosperity shall be ushered in, and a dispensation of truly spiritual growth, and development in purity, peace, and personal righteousness, be the un- speakable boon of Zion to enjoy, a thorough and radical Physiological Reform must indis- pensably precede. And this, inside of, as well as outside of Zion; and from the child of five years old, up to the octogenarian. T am persuaded that, abnormal, unnatural, artificial stimuli, by which the passions and animal powers of man are terribly and ruinously intensified, far beyond the control of reason or religious conviction, and by which these are actually destroyed oftentimes, are now, and have been for years, the potent cause of our failure in obtaining valuable and reliable material from the world, wherewith to build up, support, and retain intact the interests and behests of this, our beautiful and glorious organization ! And parry the matter as we may, the truth must and will remain, that a holy spirit cannot exist in an unhealthy, physical organization. For instance, if one's blood, brain, nerves and muscles, are saturated with the narcotic principle of that filthy, detestable drug, tobacco, how is it possible that normal energy and activity of the spirit can be enjoyed, and that those calm heavenly inspirations should be accessible, which pure, healthy, physical structures are constantly blessed Avith. 0 how excessively nasty and loathsome is the tobacco inebriate ! I am weary unto death with the detestable practice of chewing and smoking tobacco among believers ! But this is going but a very little way into the subject, and I fear I might encroach too narrowly upon the tender feelings of some, if I should define my ideas of sincere, physiological integrity in regard to food, drink, air, exercise and sleep; the only really therapeutic agents in the earth or sky. But really we shall be forced, ere long, to overhaul this whole subject, if the signs of the times are at all to be depended upon. Thousands, outside of our institution; are probing this terrible abscess on the vitals of society, to the very core, and coming into a conscientious, practical atonement, with physiological truth. These are upright men and women of God; determined, at all sacrifice, to live in holy allegiance to their convictions. These are the salt of the earth, full of a sweet and salutary virtue; and if we, as a Christian institution, desire an accession of such noble souls, to help us carry on to perfection the noblest, mental, moral and spiritual structure ever reared for the benefit and happiness of the race, then must we get right into the forefront of this great physiolog- ical conflict with time-honored errors, sinful habits and animal indulgences, and cleanse our temple of all filthiness of flesh and spirit; that when sin-sick and sin-ridden souls come into our midst, we can welcome them to an asylum of peace and righteousness, where, in deed and in truth, their highest, holiest aspirations for a sinless life can, and may be realized. How mortifying, not to say humiliating and shameful, to have to begin to apologize to one of these physiological reformers for our use of tea, coffee, tobacco and alcohol! For fourteen years we abjured these drugs, and why can we not do it now, since our illumination upon this subject is far greater than when we cheerfully submitted to their prohibition ? How often have I thought, how happy I should be, to be one of a family, or society, who, for ten consecutive years, would agree to abstain from tobacco, tea, coffee, flesh meat, and every species of intoxicating liquors, by way of experiment. It seems to me I am inspired by heaven itself, to see the perfect beauty of holiness, such a family would exhibit to the world, and enjoy among themselves ! Just consider for a moment the present, terrible state of the world, through the instrumentality of artificial stimulation ! It is absolutely frightful ! One generation has followed another in an increase of indulgence in this abnormal process of stimulation, until the whole civilized world is a hideous mass of disease and sin, voluptuousness and lust, followed up closely and inexorably by the seething, red-hot indignation of insulted, violated, physiological law (which never forgives), in the shape of idiocy, crime, insanity and 'suicide, to crown the black, infernal brood !' This horrible excitement from poisonous drugs, beverages and improper aliments, develops the animal passions so precociously, that they blaze out in uncontrollable fury, far ahead of the normal, animal instincts; and still farther ahead of the reasoning and moral faculties ; consequently, thousands of boys and girls are, every year, hopelessly ruined in body and soul, long before any instinct of selfpreservation, moral or spiritual restraint, is possible to be brought to bear upon them, either by themselves or by their friends. Is it any wonder then, that out of such material scarcely any can be found who are able to live lives of uprightness and purity ? And is it Christian tenderness that would refuse to love, cherish and suffer for the restoration of such ; or that would saddle upon them the entire iniquity and conseqvient responsibility of a hundred or a thousand generations of sinners before them ? It is not. It is simply cruel and utterly uncharitable ! Poor young creatures, ma)r God and all heaven help you ! And I will cheerfully add, what little I can do or say, for your reconstruction in holiness. Now, if we were living in a manner perfectly normal and natural, we should be able to furnish facilities for final, physiological perfection, and (gradually) spiritual redemption and re- construction to these our unfortunate fellowbeings, which we never can furnish while allowing amongst ourselves iniquitous accessories to abnormal development. It is as if we were trying to baffle and restrain the unnatural and precocious development of impure and unholy tendencies, by one class of means and incentives, while we are keeping in activity another class directly calculated to stimulate and precociously develop these very tendencies. Consequently, I am persuaded we should begin right here to lay the first stone of that sublime structure, which it is now full time to begin to build upon, and which is to exceed in glory, righteousness and beauty, all which up to this time, in the history of the world, have preceded it. In consideration of this momentous subject, and my bright anticipations thereupon, I feel happy in my unqualified endorsement of Elder Frederick Evans' sentiments relative thereto; and should be happy to see his theories, in regard to diet and physiological correctness, generally, fully experimented upon, for a number of years; still more, I should like to be one of a family who should volunteer therein. Finally, may the Lord make his face to shine upon us, and, by the serene brightness thereof, may we be able to see our way clearly out of this present transition state, into the undimmed glory, prosperity and happiness of that 'new cycle,' to which we are all looking with such fond anticipation, is the sincere prayer of yours, faithfully, O. C. Hampton. G. A. Lomas, Editor Shaker