Phenomenal The following questions and answers will be interesting to all. One peculiarity will bo observed, that the answers were given through a Shaker Sister—A. Z. Potter—months before the questions were propounded, and both purporting to come from the same spirit—Seth Y. Wells. The Shaker Sister writes : ' On the evening of March 25, soon alter I had retired, I heard m3T name called distinctly. I arose, went to the door, but found no person there. Soon after Seth Y. Wells came to me, and invited me to go with him. I reluctantly complied. We went to a telegraph office, where were many spirits I knew, and more I did not know. I was requested to copy all that came over the wires. I did so, though the substance was quite unintelligible tome; for, as nearly as I could understand, it was answers to questions some person had put to some other person ; who, or what the questions were, I could not tell.'' The boy did not know of the answers being already given ; and yet the questions were given and numbered, seriatim, with the answers. The following questions were given through the mediumship of a boy 12 years of age, at the house of D.D.Phelps, in Stratford, Conn., September 7th, 1850. The sentences were rapped out letter by letter. The medium was an entire stranger, never having previously seen a Shaker. 1st. 1st. Why are spirits per- Because, in this mitted to visit differmerciful dispensation the ' Answers were given in vision through the mediumship of a Shaker Sister, on the evening of March 25th, 1850, five months and eighteen days previous to the questions. Answers were given at Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. A. Z. Potter, Medium. ent denominations ? 2d. Will the Lord manifest himself to all unbelievers ? 3d. Why are relatives the ones employed to make these communications ? Lord sees fit to become all things to all men. 2d. Yes, He 'will con- tinue to meet each one in his own path, and show them his power according to their dark views of his all-wise decrees and mysterious doings. 3d. Because there is a more nearness of feeling and affection between relatives, and a knowledge of many things can be obtained in this way, that is be}rond contradiction. 4th. Why is there no injury ever done to any person ? 5th. Does the Lord in;end these manifestations to become universal ? 6th. Can all persons command the spirits ? 7th. Will the knockings soon cease I 8th. Will man have power to control the knockings by defi ance ? 9th. From whom do they receive the correct information i 10th. Why do the spirits not speak without the knockings and other manifestations ? 11th. Is it not confined to any particular people ? 12th. Then it does not oelong to the Shakers only ? 4th. This, also, is an indulgence from a for- bearing God. 5th. I cannot answer you myself; but my friend will soon. 6th. No; there will be means provided by a more holy power than we possess; and the spirits will proceed in conformity to the will of the sincere, so far as they have permission. 7th. This almighty work will increase and go on till every nation, kindred and tongue shall taste of the mer- cy that quickeneth the rod sent forth by a just and equitable God 8th. No mortal will have power to do that; although some have presumed to defy the spirits to give them a sat- isfactory answer. 9th. From the angels and spirits of the justified before death. 10th. The Holy Spirit suffers it now for a more perfect confirmation ; but the power is sufficient without the aid of philosophy or any material substance to act upon the mind. 11th. No. God nor the Holy Spirit has any respect to person, sex, condition, color nor persuasion. 12th. No; but their declarations are literally fulfilling; and I doubt not that they, as a first favored people, will rejoice that their fellow-creatures are sharing a similar notice of God.