The Spiritualism of Shakerism The Shakers are, and ever have been, Spiritualists. The childhood of Ann Lee was rife with spirit communications. By spirits she became the prepared subject of the Christ spirit, and the medium for its communication to other souls. From time immemorial in Shaker history, spirit communions have been active, operating like the seasons. In their spring, they affected the children and amused the adults; in the summer the adults became thoroughly affected ; between summer and autumn there was a flood-tide of communications, when the very atmosphere seemed pregnant with spiritual influences, which affected nearly the whole of society in almost every conceivable manner—physically, and with great power; mentally, and with wondrous performance; spiritually, and with an irresistable conviction of sin; and then we have known of 'the full corn in the ear' of Spiritualism's first cycle, and are ac- quainted with its winter, though never bereft of spirit gifts and manifestations. The association of Shakers with Spiritualists has been the cause of much comment by the press, and the expression of much regret on the part of those who have a deep respect for the Shakers, but who are avowed opponents of Spiritists and of the spiritual philosophy. We do not wonder at these fears and comments; we should wonder were they not expressed. Spirit- ualists—the bona-fide class—are now, in their theology, where we once were. The philosophy is doing for them what it has already done for us. The church multitudes are quite familiar with our radical estrangement from the theologies of every other church; and of our adoption, on the earth, of a heavenly practice in life ; which, while the churches are forced to admire, they well know would be death to any other church than our own, should the same life be adopted and be generally enforced. The clergy and laity, generally speaking, are not aware of the elementary forces that are fledging all true spiritualists for their flight into immortal, eternal life. Of these, we are aware, and are far more happy in the disenthrallment of true Spiritists from erroneous theological bondage, than we have ever been at the emancipation of oppressed races from physical servitude ; and equally happy for them as for our own freedom from obstacles in our way of spirit progress. Spiritualism impresses upon its communicants a thorough infidelity to the frame work of manmade creeds—non-communication with the departed; the physical resurrection ; the Trinity and the vicarious atonement by Jesus! Upon these, and many other points, Shakers and Spiritualists are of one faith. What has Spiritualism given for what it has taken away ? If it has built up nothing, we will still thank God for what it has knocked down. It has confirmed commu- nications between the visible and invisible worlds; and these have broken into myriads of pieces the erroneous theologies of the day. The Shakers have ever found the Books of Revelation open; so do the Spiritualists. In exchange for the physical resurrection, the Shakers and many leading Spiritualists have accepted the practice in life that elevates the soul above the earthly, pro-creative plane, up to the angelic. Both have exchanged the mon- strous Trinity for the eternal duality of deity—Father and Mother God ! while both are assured that their salvation will never be accomplished by another, but by their own efforts, aided by the reform circles of the spirit world. Both view Jesus as a Jew; made the medium for imparting very spiritual truths for the guidance of true spiritualists' lives. Both see the possibility of other Saviours arising, as did Jesus, above the common lives of the multitude, to testify the necessity of advancement and against error in all that pertains to life. Thus far have progressive spiritualists followed and accompanied the Shakers. We love them for all the reforms they have made for the better. Some, in their illuminations of the heavenly relations of ' the better land,' have mistaken (purposely or otherwise) the fraternal unions there existing, for the freelove tendencies of sensualists; thus abrogating the bondage of marriage by substituting something worse ! With these we have no fellowship. Wherein do we differ from true Spiritualists ? To answer this, necessitates a reference to the line of demarcation, beneath which we will not go ; and above which we are certain every spiritualist who is true to his or her spiritual instincts, will and must ascend. Very few Spiritualists will ever permit themselves to go back to the vomit of theological fooleries they have forsaken. To go forward is the only alternative left them; and so sure as the same causes lead to the same results, so sure are all true spiritualists destined to be at-one-ment with all true Shakers; and all conjoined to the innumerable company of thoroughly spiritualized individualities—the angels. The difference between Shakers and Spiritualists exists in the degrees of spirituality attained to by each, rather than any difference in the principles of life—the Shakers being rad- ically in the advance, having spiritualized strong points in life where spiritualists are yet on the earth. The time is near, has already arrived to some modern spiritualists, when selfish interests, such as houses, lands, husbands, wives and children—all that is called mine —will yield to the spiritual impress of the pentecostal church. Here we yet differ in too great degree—we plead guilty to a little impatience. Again, Spiritualists, as a body, are not yet convinced how very unspiritual are the lusts of the flesh—how very much beneath the inspiration and aspiration of an angel to engage in at all! The verj name of spiritualist should signify one freed from the lusts of the flesh and of the mind—an elevation of character that despises sensual indulgence. Generally speaking, we differ widely here ; yet more in practice than in convictions; and none are better aware of this fact than true Spiritualists themselves. Spiritualism will yet present crosses of self-denial to the believing in its ranks; and then will come the test of sincerity, and moral courage. Many will decline to make the advances called for, while it is in their power to save their earthly, generative lives; while others will lose their nnspiritual lives with pleasure, and on the earth begin a life that never needs change to be eternal. Wherein must the Spiritualist change, here or hereafter, who is surrounded by or filled with the same affections for unspirit THE SHAKER. uality that his neighbors, Methodist or Presbyterians engage in, (excepting their theology), that he may be numbered with seraphims ? Wherein must the Shaker change ? As our aims are both heavenward, whose lives comport nearest with our convictions of the angel life ? Spiritualists will not, cannot ask the Shakers to participate with them in any unspiritual practice ; nor need any, friendly to the Shakers, fear their demoralization by associating with those who alone have ' despised the shame ' of religiously comingling with the Shakers; and, excepting the materialistic infidels (who are not so far from the kingdom of heaven as the socalled orthodox churches), the Spiritualists alone have invited the Shakers to their pulpits, granted them unrestricted liberties to preach, and who have become exstatic over their ministrations. In various reforms, some Spiritualists are in advance of some Shakers; herein those Shakers must advance or find themselves in the rear of advancing Spiritualists. We live in a day of theological revolutions—and these will never go backward—and the cry of the spirit is : ' Forward, Shakers, forward !' and to the Spiritualists: 'Be true to your convictions of right!' And then in yonder heaven—a condition attained unto here or hereafter, we shall be one in faith and in life. Until then we shall enjoy just that degree of fellowship that proceeds from self-denial to ourselves of erroneous, earthly, unspiritual conditions; by which self-denial we may ' walk in the spirit and not fulfill the lusts of the flesh. Amen. *