Truth, Faith, and. Reason.—No. 2 God is truth. Truth is Increate—never began to be. It eternally was, and is, and will bo the same unchangeable reality. How infinitely absured then is it for man, who is but of yesterday, to try to alter or bend the truth to his inclinations ? We illustrate the eternity and ubiquity of Truth by the following mathematical problem: ' The three angles of a triangle are equal to two right ones.' The truth of this relation of angles to one- another never began to be. It is eternal and ubiquitous. It exists equally in any and every imaginary portion of the universe. It is as unchangeable and omnipresent as Deity. There are certain moral relations, which have been discovered or revealed, that are as fixed in Eternal and unchangeable Truth, as any mathematical problem whatever. 'A rich man cannot enter the kingdom of heaven.' This is a truth revealed by Christ, and is a simple truism. It informs us that the principles of the Kingdom of Heaven or Christian institution, which he was about to establish, consisted in ' Righteousness,' a rigid equality of enjoytnents, and that therefore a man possessing individual wealth could not enter or be admitted. ' Ye cannot serve God and Riches.' Defining the ' service of God,' love, as we must, to signify that perfect devotion to the Divine will, which Christ taught and exemplified, then we say, that such ' service of God,' and the service of personal wealth can no more coexist and be performed by any intelligent being in man's condition, than two parallel lines can cross each other. Hence the impossibilit}^ of serving God as a Christian, and at the same time serving Mammon or possessing personal wealth. The brotherly love, and perfect equality of enjoyments which Eternal Truth enjoins on Christians, forever debars them from the possession of individual wealth, and requires them to support a joint interest, and to have all their goods in common. The possession of individual wealth, and equality of enjoyment, are forever repugnant one with the other. Therefore no man while holding individual wealth can ever enter into the Christian institution. The generative order and Church order, or joint interest, are forever repugnant, and cannot coexist. The young man who came to Jesus, and all others who would be his followers, were required to divest themselves of all personal property, and were thus unfitted for raising offspring. As the generative order necessarily requires a separate interest and the possession of personal proper^, it is forever repugnant to the Christ order which requires a relinquishment of personal wealth. In the generative order, the man and woman are ' one flesh,' and their relation to each other is a flesh relation; but those joined to the Lord are ' one spirit.' ' The flesh lusteth against the spirit,' that is, the flesh relation lusteth against the spirit relation. 'And these two are contrary, one to another.' The truth of this antagonism is eternal—it is founded in the very nature of things. They can never harmonize any more than truth and error. ' The flesh lusteth against the spirit, and these two are contrary to one another.' The truth of this irreconcilable conflict between flesh and spirit, did not then begin to exist in the day when it was promulgated by Paul; it is eternal and ubiquitous—exists every where in God's universe. The flesh relation existed from Adam to Moses, and from Moses to Christ. Unceasing efforts were made to bring it into order and subject it to law. ' Divers washings ' and carnal ordinances, with many restraints, were imposed by divine sanction, but all without success. The eternal truth was thus developed as declared by Paul, that 'the carnal mind, the fleshly nature, is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be.' And 'witnessed by the Martyr Stephen. ' Ye do always resist the holy spirit, as your fathers did, so do ye.' Thus an experiment extending through 4000 years, develops an unbroken testimony to the existence of an eternal truth—a fixed Law, that the flesh always resists the spirit. R. W. Pelham