Sympathy There is a power pervading the entire Universe, which manifests itself variously, yet with quite similar results. That degree of it which permeates the solid spheres, flowing from each to each, and uniting them together in indissoluble bonds, has received a name significant of the influence exerted upon bodies of vast size and which are usually at immense distances from each other. Other degrees of it, more subtile than this, are no less potent, though they may not be so apparent to outward observation. That which exists in the vegetable world manifests itself in a great variety of forms—in grasses, shrubs, trees, fruits and flowers—yet there is in them all a similarity sufficient to determine the rank of the botanic kingdom in the scale of existences. From the numerous aversions and repulsions displayed by mankind and the inferior orders of animal existence, one might infer there could be no common influence pervading the animal kingdom; yet the science of Animal Magnetism unmistakably proves its existence. Were there not any, man could not obtain control over the animals that he makes subservient to his use, nor be able to tame and dally with the most ferocious of beasts. And were there no common feeling of brotherhood among mankind, vain would be all efforts for the improvement and progress of the race, and our expectations of a world where harmony forever reigns would be idle dreams. It is not necessary to enter here into the numerous details of facts which the modern sciences of Psychology and Spiritualism furnish to prove the truth of one common influence pervading the entire race of man. These facts have been abundant, throughout the civilized world, for years, and are within the reach of all who desire to acquaint themselves with them. There is a prominent doctrine of Christianity which this diffusion of a common or sympathetic influence serves to illustrate, and that is the doctrine of Christ's sacrificial offering. Jesus is said to have died for our sins, or, more correctly, on account of our sins; to have offered himself a sacrifice in our behalf. This has been construed as importing that he died to suffer the penalty of all the sins of mankind, from the first one that transgressed the divine law to the last of earth's inhabitants. The question is often asked how he, an innocent person, could have died on account of the sins of all men; how 'the chastisement of our peace was laid on him, and the Lord laid on him the iniquity of us all,' unless it was to bear the penalty of sin in our stead. By his death is meant his crucifixion by the Jews and Romans ; yet Jesus was not the only person who has suffered innocently. Many have died a more aggravated death than that of Jesus, for no offence whatever; but no one is so unreasonable as to suppose that a single transgressor of divine or human law could escape punishment because of the death of these; and only because Jesus has been regarded as the Supreme God, is infinite merit attributed to his death at the hands of his enemies. An outrage was committed against him by the bigoted persons that demanded his death, but Divine Justice holds even balances to re-weigh every human wrong. That ' Jehovah should have made his soul or life an offering on account of sin,' was but an evidence of infinite love, both towards Jesus and those in whose behalf he was offered; for he was to ' see his seed, prolong his days, and the pleasure of Jeiiovah was to prosper in his hands.' Jesus certainly suffered on account of the sins of all men, and in their behalf. How? By sympathy with all as a human being. As one of us, he felt as we feel, participated in our miseries and shared our burdens, so as to be a ' merciful and faithful High Priest.' For our sakes as well as his own, ' he endured the cross and despised the shame,' throughout a life consecrated to God. Whatever iniquities of mankind were laid upon him, he offered up in sacrifice by means of his holy life of selfdenial. The Apostle Peter says to Christians : ' Ye are a holy priesthood to offer up spiritual sacrifices.' In the same epistle in which these words occur, our English version makes him say, speaking of Jesus Christ: ' Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree.' The same verb — anenengkai — which the translators in the former passage have rendered to offer up, in the latter, without any sufficient reason, they have translated bare. Rendering this, as it should be, to bear up or offer up, the passage would read: 'Who, himself, offered up our sins in his own person on the cross.' Hence the propriety of the inference drawn, ' that we, being free from sin, should live unto righteousness.' Christ, as Head of the Church, offered up the sacrifices of sin in behalf of all men; his Church, also, offer up the same sacrifices in behalf of all. ' Christ suffered for us, leaving us an example that we should follow his steps.' Bearing or offering up the sacrifices of sin is not confined to Jesus Christ nor to his Church, but is common to the whole human race, by reason of the universal sympathy existing in the race—parents for their children, and children for their parents; brothers and sisters for each other; the skillful physician for his patients, who sometimes offers for both physical and moral diseases. Healing mediums among Spiritualists are obliged to make an offering for sin in behalf of those who apply to them for relief. Often, by magnetic sympathy with their patients, they undergo sufferings similar to those endured by the latter before a cure is effected. There never was a better example of sympathy with others and of offerings in their behalf, than that of Mother Ann. This was conspicuous throughout her whole ministration of the gospel of Christ. She frequently participated in the conditions of others, who were borne down by the weight of their sins and afflictions, even when they were miles away from her, to such a degree as to suffer extremely, both in body and spirit, on their account. And when they were lightened of their burdens, and she, in consequence, was filled with the joys of the Spirit, by ministrations from the heavenly world, thejr shared in her exceeding joy. By this she proved herself a true spiritual Mother. The offerings of Mother Ann, as well as those of Jesus Christ, were intended to be final; that is, to remove sin and its conse- quences entirely from the Church; to raise 32 THE S H A. K E R . every member of it from the sensuous to the spiritual life—from the life of earth to that of heaven. In their own case, the offering was complete; and the result, eternal redemption, has been experienced by each. If the Head is holy, so must the body be. The sympathy between Christ and his Church can be only that of souls saved from their sins and born into the life of heaven; who are wholly dissevered from the wars and contentions of earth, its lusts, passions and pleasures, and live in the elements of peace and purity. Only when the Church is such, can it be a true sympathizing priesthood or medium for those sacrifices that bring eternal salvation to a sinning world. W. H. Bussell