Which is the Greater? How is it that Christians place so much stress on the bodily crucifixion of Jesus, and have fixed their hopes for ages in the atoning blood of one man ? For certainly the Spirit of God, the essence of deity in the man Jesus, could not have been the sufferer by a physical death. If there is an inherent virtue and an atonement for sin in the Master's physical crucifixion, why ignore the atoning effect of a disciple's dying; and teaching the gathered multitudes through the space of three days, tied to a cross ? For whom did the myriads suffer; who endured death in its most terrible forms, by beasts of prey, burnings, and the vilest passions of men ? Was it for their own atonement ? or was the death of Jesus, upon the cross, but an example to his disciples to suffer all things, even cruel physical pain, to maintain that liberty of spirit which the truth had given ? How vastly exceeding any mortal agonj)was the mental anguish, buffetings and temptations of which Jesus shared with his brethren ! Is that severe ordeal, passed through in the comparatively short space of forty-eight hours, to be compared with the recorded wrestle with the spirit of temptation in himself, after his baptism, forty days and nights ? We believe that many Christians now liv- ing can testify by the same spirit to the like experience, in all but degree; who feel that the daily crucifixion of their carnal lives in obedience to Christ's command, ' follow me,' is infinitely more tedious and painful, humbling, and finally atoning, than to walk resolutely to the stake and burn. Where ambition, finds no room, no patriotism is required; no hero worship allowed nor opportunity given for the display of great and ennobling deeds; nought but the almost unnoticed performance of duties with faithfulness every day to keep the energy of a Christian life at fervent heat—this is certainly a cruci- fixion with and following Christ; and Christ thus followed, will carry the spirit in victory over all physical pain. If the prescience of Providence designed for aught the sorrowful, though not uncommon end of Jesus, how much more consistent that he should meet it as an example to his disciples, who could not do otherwise than bleed freely for the principles of the cross, under the power of the savage human nature of that day. What but the self interest of a deliberate life of sin, contrary to the life of Christ, could so blind the reason and pervert the understanding of the educated, powerful, and apparently pious minds, who have studied the atonement of Jesus for their own hope, and to sustain the hope of others, that salvation in their sins is possible, and that salvation from the practice of sin is not a necessity ? H. HOLLISTER Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.