Oneness of Faith Christ's Church is a school; the spirit of Christ the authorized and inspired teacher, and believers are the pupils. Perpetual revelation of truths, new to the pupils, is the law of eternal progression, the guiding star of destiny for the School of Christ. The scholars of the primitive school announced a oneness of faith as the governing element in Christ's Church, or School. ' One Lord, one faith, and one baptism ; one God and Father (and Mother) of all, who is above, and through, and in you all.' Eph. iv. 5, 6. Should the question arise what this oneness of faith has referenence to, or consists in, the Prophets and Apostles conspire to answer it: First, to the Divine character of the School, and the authority of the Master. For the Church of Christ is the Heavenly Jerusalem prophesied of by Zechariah xiv. 9, in the day of which ' there shall be one Lord and his name one.' 'And the seventh angel sounded, and there were great voices in Heaven saying, The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord and of his Christ; and he shall reign forever and ever.' Eev. xi, 15. 'And I saw a new heaven, and a new earth, for the first heaven and the first earth had passed away; * * and I, John, saw the Holy City, New Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband.' The primitive Church, of Jesus and his Apostles, was the church of the bridegroom; the Church of Christ's second appearing, is the Church of the Bride, the female dispensation of the coming of Christ. 'And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, behold the tabernacle of God (the Church of Christ) is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be His people, and God himself shall be with them and be their God.' Rev. xxi, 1 to 4. Second. To the harmonious union of the scholars. ' For the Church of Christ being ' one fold,' John x. 16, and of ' one heart,' Acts iv. 30, will have ' access by one spirit' (Christ) 'unto the Father,' Eph. ii. 18. Third. To the travel or progression of the pupils in the perception and reception of truth and knowledge of godliness. ' But unto every one is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ,' Eph. iv, 1; and on 'till we all come into the unity of the faith, and to the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ.' ' That ye henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine by the sleight of men, and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive.' ' But speaking the truth in love, may grow up unto him in all things which is the head, even Christ.' Thus, oneness of faith refers prominently to the principle of an ever increasing revelation of the truths of God in Christ's Church, manifest through the quickening spirit—Christ. And as truth is eternal, there will be a oneness of faith in all souls who have traveled, or progressed to the same degree of light and Christian baptism, so as to perceive, receive, feel and live the same Christian testimon}'; 26 THE S H .A. K E !R . that is, those who have learned the same leasons in Christ's School. But these lessons are practical life lessons, taught by facts. ' Go and tell John the things ye see and hear ' (Jesus). ' If ye believe not my words, believe for the icork's sake, for these are they which testify of me' (Jesus). Yet, as all souls in the kingdom of Christ have first to be begotten, then born of God, when they may gradually travel in growth to become of full stature; so infants and children in Christ's School cannot have the same standard of development of faith as attained by men and women of God, yet, ' one faith Will govern their lives; that is, confidence in, and reliance upon obedience to every degree of revealed truth, for justification. But the word faith implies more than mere belief; it expresses an inclination of the heart, an impulse and confidence of the soul, while belief is simply an action of the mind, and may be entirely speculative and erroneous ; hence, a person for a time may entertain a very false conception, belief, or creed concerning God or Christ, and yet have a true faith, confidence, or trust in Him, which may guide his life in righteousness, so that he will eventually come to the belief of truth only. The expression is often used with propriety, ' I have faith to believe thus and thus.' Hence, persons of different beliefs, in some points, may live in obedience to the same and one faith. Belief is not always regulated by the reasoning faculties, or the truth of things. Persons often believe, from predjudice and ignorance, things to be true which are very false, or in false principles, sophisms, &amp;c. ' Oh, I've heard him talk ' Like the first-born child of love, when every word,' ' Spoke in his eyes, and wept to be believed,' And all to ruin me.'¦—Southern. One person conceives of, and believes God to be a personal being, having form, dimensions, and passions, to which those of man are analogous, thus necessarily finite as to the occupation of space, the wield of power, and the assumption of dignity, therefore not a supreme, but only a superior being. While a different mind cannot conceive of God as a finite being having form, but rather etherial; an inexpressible and inconceivable, subtile, and infinitely dispensed latent power, different throughout all creation—a creative principle ; the former of all forms, but surpassing the extent of form conceivable to the human mind —a power that, saith the poet, ' Lives through all life, extends through all extent, Spieads undivided, operates unspent.1' One person conceives of evil as originating from an evil god called, in common parlance, the devil, whom they understand to be coeternal with the good God, and equally self-existing, and as independent of the good God, as God is of him; hence, that evil is no more destructible than good. While another mind conceives that some of the created intelligences o: the good God originated evil by putting things of God's creation out of order; hence, thai evil is not eternal, and the devil can be destroyed. And yet, while the mental conceptions and beliefs of these different individuals so prominently oppose each other, they may all have one faith in the work of God, through Christ, for salvation, and their lives conform .0 one standard of righteousness. And it may not be anticipated nor desired, that, in all hings a sameness of intellectual perception shall be attained, and that the thoughts of all minds shall flow in the same channels. And he saints of the Church of the 'Latter Day' lave no need to teaze their zeal into a foam to make converts to some creed of so-called Christianity, by torturing the bodies of unbe- lievers; nor to bathe their hands in human gore to reclaim heretics; to do what God lever attempted to do—make all human minds to think alike ! The history of the ages is bathed in the )lood of martyrs to creeds ; but creeds—theoogical dogmas—perhaps the sophisms of metaphysical philosophy—the mere objects of faith, shut and bar the door of revelation from God, ind narrow the human understanding to the application of one specific for all the diseases the soul is heir to, and all the doses in the same proportions ; they tether the soul to the sounds of the present degree of understandingconcerning God and Christ, however far short of the whole truth that may be. They are ;he fevered pulsations of life that generate those foul ulcers of hatred and strife which aave put millions of persons to the sword and instruments of torture and death, because they were heretical to what ? Not to a godly life, but to an idea 1 While the true Christian faith, a soul baptism of life in God, opens the pathway of unlimited progression in the knowledge, and practice of godliness and grace, adapting the gift of God and the means of salvation to the ever varied and changeful vicissitudes of lost souls in every situation, and its fruit is love to the whole family of man ! The final answer, then, to the great question, ' What is the essential principle of unity of faith ?' is to live wholly to God; 'If any man will do His will he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself,' John vii, 17. ' But whosoever shall do and teach them (these commandments) shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven.' Hence, ' oneness of faith ' in the Christian Church, radically considered, refers to the credit and confidence of the mind and trust of the affections of the heart to a truth manifested to the understanding, or illustrated by practical life ; for the power of God, of principles, of persons, and the virtue of things, are the only proper objects of faith; and these are substantially learned only by their fruits. If, then, the souls of the children of God, all led and governed by the spirit of Christ, flow together to partake of, and disseminate the feast of His great salvation and redemption to humanity, it is well and it is enough ! Giles B. Avery