Is Man a Fallen Being ? BY GILES B. AVERY 1. If man hath never fallen, then he hath no sin, for sin premises a departure from rec- titude, or uprightness, that is, a violation of a known law of God. 2. If there is no sin in the world, then there is no spiritual darkness or death ! Do spiritual life and light universally prevail and become generally manifest ? 3. If there is no sin in the world, then there can be no sorrow, for sin is the cause of all sorrows that mankind know. Sorrow is suffering for the violation of law ! Is there no sorrow among mankind ? 4. Spiritual death is the consequence of sin ! If there is no spiritual death in the world, then there is no resurrection from the dead. The English word resurrection, is from the Greek word, ' Anastasis,' which literally means to stand up again. How can that stand up again which never hath fallen down from an upright or standing position ? Christ said : 'I am the resurrection.' If there be no fall, consequently no resurrection, then Christ spake falsely, and hath come in vain. But are all mankind spiritually alive ? And do they stand spiritually upright ? 5. If there is no spiritual darkness, the fruit of sin, then Christ is not ' the light of life! ' as the Scriptures declare. But every true follower of Christ can testify to the truth of his words. 6. If there is no spiritual darkness among men, the fruit of sin, then the testimony of Jesus, ' This is the condemnation that light is come into the world, and men love darkness rather than light, because their deeds are evil,' must have been falsehood, for condemnation is the fruit of sin ! But, alas, how many millions suffer condemnation ! 7. If there is no sin, sorrow nor condemnation, then all our senses belie us. 8. If man hath not sinned, then he is not lost, and needs no salvation! And Jesus Christ, as a Saviour, hath been vainly sent upon earth, for there is nothing lost to save, and when Jesus Christ declared ' I came to seek and save that which is lost,' he spake foolishly. The language should have been, '' I came to seek and save that which never hath been found nor developed !' 9. If man hath not fallen from rectitude, then the present work of generation among men is perfect, or the Scriptures belie the character of Noah, who, it is said, ' was perfect in his generations.' For the Scriptures declare the present race of man to be the descendants of Noah. Is it the general understanding of mankind that they are perfect in their generations ? Nay, verily! The corruption of generation is the crying sin of our whole race ! 10. If man hath not sinned and fallen, the whole law and the Prophets are a deception, for they all recognize gross sin in the human family. 11. If man hath not fallen, then the whole Gospel plan for man's redemption from a fallen state is a myth, and God has made a great mistake of man's needs, in commissioning Christ to preach such a gospel. 12. If man hath not fallen, all the testimony of Jesus, concerning tares in the Gospel field, is false, and the whole field is good wheat, though not fully grown I What does universal experience say to this ? 13. To deny the fall of man, is to deny the whole revelation of God to man (so called), manifested in both the Old and New Testament Scriptures. 14. If man hath not sinned and fallen, there is no regenwation necessary, because there is no degeneration from which to be regenerated, since, according to this theory, man hath nothing lost. 15. If man hath not sinned and fallen, then the peaceable state of the kingdom of Christ, anticipated by the prophet, when the lion and the lamb should lie down together, is now reigning on the earth, or God created man in THE SHA.KER. a state not good, that is, not in harmony with creation at large ! But, does universal peace now reign ? 16. If man hath not fallen and sinned, then the brute is not fallen, and man is his Lord invariably, and the whole brute creation is his willing subject. But, is it so ? 17. If man hath not fallen, then the whole testimony of taking the kingdom of Heaven by force, as manifest by Jesus, is falsehood; because Heaven is man's pristine home, or God created him in misery! Hence there would have been no need of a waffare to take it! 18. If man hath not fallen, then either the harvest of the world, instituted by Christ, is prematurely commenced, and God did unwisely to send his Son to inaugurate that dispensation, or, being instituted, and souls, by the voice of God, being called to come into it, through God's vicegerents on earth, all souls would immediately obey the command of God, as the next step in their normal and legitimate development, which they do not do. 19. If man hath not fallen, then as do the waters cover the sea, so doth the knowledge of God cover the earth. For, it would be cruel in God to create an intelligent, accountable being, and make that being punishable for not obeying His will, and then not reveal that will to him until myriads of ages after his creation ! But does the knowledge of God thus cover the earth ? 20. Verily, man is in darkness, loss, sin, sorrow and woe, and very much needs salvation and redemption ! And, to deny it, is to deny all revelation of God to man, of which we have any record or experience. It is to make Noah, Moses, all the Jewish Prophets and historians, John the Baptist, Jesus, all the Prophets and Apostles of the New Testament Scriptures, liars and blasphemers ! It is also to deny all present experience ; for there is not a living man, but recognizes, in some degree, both himself and his fellows have transgressed some known law of right, for which a degreee of condemnation is resting upon the soul, until confessed and repented of.