Saviours Analyzed, signifies persons or things which save. Salt is a preservative; and individuals, who are ' Saviours come to Zion,' have been alluded to as ' the salt of the earth.' The aspiration of every spiritually inclined soul, is to be saved. Salvation, to the multitudes, signifies an escape from a just penalty—having been wicked, to avoid punishment. This is folly. ' He shall save his people from their sins; ' but never in their sins ! The power to be a Saviour presupposes the individual saved. A drowning man is in no condition to help, much less of saving a companion in a similar plight. Physicians have no right to be sick ; when they are so, they are no longer qualified to help the sick. What lever and fulcrum have parents, with bad habits, to arrest and correct those same habits in their children ? The name Saviour, like the title Christian, is good for nothing unless accompanied by evidences of its work. Shakers are called to be Saviours—and this call of the spirit should be accompanied by the qualification of themselves being saved. Are we saved from the lusts and vices of the world ? Therein are we the empowered ao-ents to work for others. Are we free from all vicious habits which we know would disgrace a saint ? Can we, from practical experience, bear testimony against worldly pride, fancy fooleries ; against patent medicines and all other medicines ? Can we be abused and not feel to return it ? Do our ideas of being the inhabitants of Zion consist as really in soul-consecration to Christian principles, as in the hope and love of reward for some crosses we fully take upon ourselves ? Do we ever balance the crosses we endure, with the increase of the Gospel, which leads unto full salvation from every pernicious habit—every worldly way? Truly, we can number Saviours among us! Jesus was and is a Saviour, inasmuch as his life and invitation yet are seen and heard : ' Follow me!' The hope that God will dispense salvation unearned, is su- preme folly. We know that all the salvation we experience, from evils that have afflicted us, has been obtained by severe and constant labor, aided by the examples and influences of those already saved. The world, to-day, needs Saviours more than aught else. Belief in one, three or many Gods will avail nothing. God saves souls by giving them instruction how they can be saved, and blessing them with the help of individuals already saved—not otherwise. Let those who prate about salvation, from week to week, but give their congregations evidences of their salvation from sin, by living a clean, holy, self-denying life, as did their humble exemplar—Jesus; then will there be less sound and more salvation. God calls for volunteers to fill the ranks of Saviours to the race, even as was Jesus; and the re- quired credentials are, be ye saved. Rise, Believers, in the majesty of your faith, and give evidence of your Saviourships by an increasing, personal salvation; not alone in one particular, but in a fully redeemed character— ' Sparing no idol, great nor small— Passing one sentence on them all.'' ^