Shaker Communism When Elder Frederick was in England last summer, people got impatient at his dissertations on Bible history and spiritual doctrines. They desired to know what Shakerism could do for them physically; how easily and comfortably it could fill their bellies and clothe their backs, and enable them to provide themselves with those conjugal relationships which are so highly prized amongst mankind generally. Thus there was a decided misunderstanding between the Shaker missionary and his auditors. They looked at the subject from the side of the flesh, while the Elder viewed it from a spiritual aspect. The history of communistic efforts exhibits the fact that these schemes have been founded in all instances upon the physical appetites of man, rather than the spiritual principles of his nature. Hence, the Shakers say, that no form of communism has been able to perpetuate itself, except that of their order. Numerous communities have been established, but they have all eventually been broken up through selfishness and anarchy. The Shakers avoid such a calamity by adhering to their principles, which they consider to be as scientific as any functional law in physiology. The little work before us* is partly historical and partly scientific. It treats of certain peculiarities of man's spiritual constitution, the observance of which constitutes the essence of religion, and reviews the progress of this religious life from its early dawn amongst the primitive peoples. Historically, Elder Evans accepts the Bible narrative, perhaps more as a symbol of man's spiritual experience, than as a chronological record of mundane facts. From this source he divides man's spiritual efforts into four dispensations or churches. During the first, which ended with the flood, man fell. The function of generation given to man for a use, was abused by him. This constituted ' the forbidden fruit,' and therefore the fall of man. The second, or Patriarchal era, commenced with Abraham, on whom was enjoined the right of circumcision, and procreation, though permitted, had to be atoned for as a sin. Jesus introduced the third dispensation, or First Christian Church, of which Love was the soul or life, and community of property the body or outward form. The fourth era was instituted iri the person of Ann Lee, who, on the part of the female side of humanity, received the Christ baptism, and inaugurated the order of the male and female capable of living in accordance with the requirements of this fourth dispensation. So much, then, for the historical part of the work : next comes the anthropological or scientific. The Elder regards man as a spiritual being with access to the spirit-world. These dispensations have been the results of revelation, originating in the spirit-world, and afterwards becoming part of the life of mankind. By the inauguration of these eras man was successfully enabled to commune with still higher degrees of spirit-life, and therefore able to manifest more si irituality in his outward nature. ' In this fourth dispensation,' says Elder Frederick, ' is established the final church and kingdom of Christ which possesses the ' Urim and Thummim,' and therefore cannot be deceived or overthrown by evil or ignorant spirits.' The ostensible purpose of the book is to afford ' tests of divine inspiration,' whereby those having communion with the spirit-world may be able to decide as to the purity of the matter communicated. The test recommended is the acknowledgment, on the part of the spirits, of the ' Christ principle,' which teaches self-denial, purity, and fraternity; and he adds, 'the practical effort of this church is the entire banishment of poverty and want, sin and misery, and a full suply of physical and spiritual necessaries for the body and soul of every one of its members.' The one essential evil to be controlled is the sexual function. ' He who teaches that Christ and generation can coalesce is deceived, or is a deceiver.' It therefore appears why it is necessary to introduce so much theology and religion into the discussions of Shakerism; for that part of the book treating of religion makes it apparent that Shakerism is the practice of a purely religious life, in which the functions of animal existence are used only in so far as may be necessary for the physical sustenance of the individual. The Shakers are thus ruled, as to their head, by spirits from the ' Christ sphere,' and therefore they consider themselves as much in the spirit-world, and living as near to its laws, as if they were divested of their bodies. Such then, is a condensed view of the prin- ciples of this book, which is a text-book of Shaker doctrines. It is a very interesting and suggestive little work. There is scarcely one word which could be omitted. The author possesses a terse and perspicuous style, and his very apt introduction of texts and quotations throws a great amount of light upon the meaning of many passages of Scriptu.e which seem to be perfectly misunderstood by the usual expositors. We consider this work of so much interest to our readers, that we give them the oportunity of purchasing it with this month's Human Nature at half the published price.—Human Nature (Eng.}. * Tests of Divine Revelation : The Second Christian or Gentile Pentecostal Church as exemplified by 70 Communities in America. By F. W. Evans. London : J. Burns. Wrappers, 50 cents.