Revelation BY ELIJAH MYRICK The ever-developing law of necessity, implanted in our being, demands perpetual reve- lation : for ' the eye is never tired of seeing, nor the ear with hearing,' nor the living soul with new inspirations. The Scriptural, the sacred, the prophetic and commonly accepted word of God, as relates to the spiritual, have their votaries with all shades of belief—their skeptics and infidels. Yet all are believers in present revelation in the ma- terial world; no one doubts the revelations, through the science of astronomy, which tells with unerring certainty, the motion of the planets with such accuracy that an eclipse is foretold with mathematical precision years before its occurrence; the evidence is undeni- able, though the mystery of the science may hang like a miracle before the vision. All discoveries, inventions, improvements in the arts and sciences, are so many revelations emanating from the same source as the spiritual. Mind transmits from the world of causes to the world of effects; these being objective t &gt; he sensuous vision, impel universal belief. Who doubts the revelation to Columbus of a new world, which permeated and inspired his whole being, enabling him to confront calumny and all manner of derision; stay the hands of a mutinous crew, till the physical vision confirmed his soul inspiration and gave us this land of the free—God's reservation from the tyrant's rule, where ' the meek begin to inherit the earth ? ' The acknowledgment of revelation in the terrestrial world is universal; admits of no issue, no shade of opinion, it being a legitimate supply of a demand. But why has spiritual revelation come into such disrepute when the spiritual has always gone parallel with the material, or followed close in its wake ('first the natural then the 34 THE SHAKER. 35 spiritual') yet unrecognized ? Because people of sincere motives, in all ages, through a false punctuation, have put a period or an exclamation in place of an interrogation or comma, or where the subject indicated no pause; and in- tolerance, the child of ultra veneration and twin brother to selfishness, saw fit to stamp with eternal infallibility what was proper to the child development of the race, or perhaps mere local circumstance. And bigotry has handed down this hermetically sealed dogma, declaring it to be the ultimatum of all spiritual intercourse or revealments; hence the darkness of the sun of spiritual revelation. The human family is like a child in a con- tinued series of revelations; and what is proper to one age is not always adapted to another ; like the rounds of a ladder, the first is necessary to the succeeding. ' Except ye become as a little child ye cannot enter the kingdom of heaven.' Little children are artless truth seekers, always inquiring, desiring to learn; importuning, impatient to solve all objective problems and incorporate into their experience; then again pursue their interrogations in response to new impulses and aspirations. This demands present and continued revelations. Such, Jesus said, were the subjects of the kingdom of heaven. ' Marvel not that I said unto you ye must be born again; ' born of the spirit, to enter the kingdom of heaven as a little inquiring child, a disciple learner of the spiritual alpha- bet, and through it, the science of the spiritual heavens. Would it not discover sublime ignorance and idiotic obstinacy to contend that repeating the alphabet by rote was the culmination .of all literary acquirements, and that it revealed all that these letters were intended for, or capable of? when it is by their ever-varying combinations that they convey intelligence from mind to mind. So is it with spiritual induction in this ever-recurring, infinite combination, conveying a knowledge of truths adapted to our present conditions and circumstances, instead of the old, bottled-up, traditional, time-hallowed theology. The spirit world is progressive; and its denizens, like mortals, cannot impart what they have not acquired. Mortals have expected too much perfection from its early manifestations, and through an excess of veneration, made them objects of worship; hence they became dead to the ever living present. Much of the revelations held most sacred, are the experiences of departed spirits in various stages of progression ; and if we go with them they will give us better experiences; but if we entomb and worship them, they become our hitching post on the highway of progression. John the revelator received an instructive admonition, when he fell at the feet of the spirit who was communicating with him, to worship him. ' And he said unto me, see thou do it not: I am thy fellow servant, and of thy brethren that have the testimony of Jesus; worship God, for the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy.' Worship the source of this testimony and prophecy, but not the medium. Worship the primary cause —intelligence—perfected mind. For according to the best authority, ' in the beginning was mind, and mind was in the beginning with God, and the mind was God.' And mind was revealed to man, and he became a living soul—a reasoning, reflecting and accountable being. This first and greatest revelation is the unqualified essayer of all others. All the revealments in the material world affecting man's physical wants, have been eagerly appropriated, while only of late the science of the spiritual world was almost entirely ignored. No wonder Jesus, in attempting to introduce his spiritual philosophy, exclaimed : ' 0 fools and slow of heart, to believe all that the prophets have spoken.' ' Ye read the Scriptures, for in them ye think ye have eternal life : and they are they which testify of me. And ye will not come to me that ye might have life.' The inference is, that they adhered to their old traditions, instead of recognizing in him the culmination of the prophecies. His invitation is : 'Come on, we have outgrown the past;' and then, as if to forestall infallibility, adds, and ''greater works than I do shall yet be done.' If all revelation were in the past, it shows poor design in placing the eyes in the fore part of the head, or giving the feet the direction they have. The physical, mental and spiritual vision, prophecy forward, onward, upward. True prophecy is a science, by which the higher intelligences reveal to faith, what experience will record in the book of knowledge. ' Where there is no vision the people perish,' is the natural sequence of the ' blind leading the blind.' John saw a woman clothed with the sun, the direct source of light and heat; and the moon under her feet—standing above or upon all semi or reflected lights; wanting the heat of the sun, of direct revelation to permeate and vitalize into life. ' The children of this world are wiser than the assumed children of light.' Though each man's invention is patent to himself, the label of infallibility would not be worth the printing, as the records of present revelation in inventions, and daily improvements on the past will testify. Every new era, cycle or dispensation is prophetical of progress; and the bigot that would arrogate and dogmatize its life into a fossil, finds his parallel in the poor ignorant emigrant trundling all his earthly goods in a wheelbarrow, denying that there is any improved method of transit; while the earth-vibrating locomotive at his heels shakes the libelous falsehood out of his mouth. We need more of the childlike spirit that asks the simple truth and seeks its revelations daily; we must have the living testimony of Jesus, the spirit prophecy. The subscription to the gospel of progress adds nothing to that of the gospel of salvation; we have both at one price. The children of light are growing wiser; to them by-gone inspirations are like flowers without fragrance; though real, they have diffused their life. The children of this world are exceedingly wise; they will not trust to the vision of Solomon, his wisdom nor his gold. They have vision to gratify, wisdom to emulate, and a passion to appropriate gold to themselves. ' The children of this world are,' but by what authority shall they ahvays be ' wiser than the children of light ?'