The Song of our Little Sisters BY E. T. LEGGETT Dear brethren and sisters, though simple our song, At least, like the singers, 'tis not very long. 'Tis one, you'll discover, but only too soon, We sing most delightfully—all bnt the tune. We hope 'twill convince you, before we are through, We're not Katy Bids, but are Katy's that Do. We sweep with such skill—though we don't like to boast— That dirt's nearly frightened away from our coast. We knit and we sew—even milk with good grace. And smile, though 'tis sometimes the wrong side the face. And if, like the clock, we are often too slow, Please think of the time that it talces us to grovh We've oft been so sadly done over with play, That even our shadows near fainted away. Oh, pity us ! pity us ! lend us a tear, To drown ourseives in—when our trials appear. We'd scorn to live merely to eat and to drink; Though merry, we often stop laughing to think. To think, though the heart be all throbbing with pain, 'Twill cease, by and by—and we're smiling again. When the winter winds howl 'round our beautiful home, We think of the spring-time and summer to come, When baby birds waiting, like us, to be strong, Will join us in singing our holiday song. We list when you tell of that Beautiful Way, Where children learn something more pleasant than play. We want to walk in it, that we, too, may share The Heaven that comes to the pure-hearted there. Then, though the salt tear may still come to the eye, We'll smile when we think of the Good By and By. Then though, like the-winds, we are often too wild, We know you'll remember you once were a child. The dear little stars peeping down through the sky, Are they little angels, whose home is on high ? They waft us their love for the love they receive, And smile, in return, for each smile that we give. Oh ! oft, in our slumbers, like music, they come, To sing us the songs of their beautiful home ; Pointing still, as they leave, to the sunny land shore, Inviting us there, when our journey is o'er. How pleasant it is, that above or below, We've friends to smile on us wherever we go. We know we've a Mother 'way up in the sky, Who loves little children, and hears when they cry. We feel, in our hearts, that she ever is near, To bless us and shield us when dangers appear; And should we, oh, sometimes be careless or vain, She knows we're but children, and loves us again. As mists of the morn disappear in the day, Thus, too, may our faults with our youth pass away. Our hearts, now so little, with love may expand, 'Till blooming with fruits of the Heavenly land. Oh, bless us, and love us, that we may be strong, In singing not only, but living our song. Now thanks for your kindliness, thanks for your care, And love for remembering how little we are.