Life in God BY WM. N. REDMON ' Cease to do evil; learn to do well.' This sentence comprehends the whole moral duty of man, and is worth a wagon-load of theological metaphysics. All the so-called ' divine mysteries ' are a thousand times worse than nothing, as they have led myriads of innocent minds into error, thereby causing great distress of soul and fearful forebodings as to the future, tinctured and imbued with sulphuric hell-fire ! The delusion and utter worthlessness of these theological speculations, bring forcibly to our mind Dr. Johnson's Egyptian Philoso- pher, whose fame spread over the land, and to whom was committed the equal distribution of rain ; and whose unfaltering integrity had stood good, in the face of many bribes from millers and other interested parties. Among the throng attracted by the renown of the philosopher, were the Prince and Princess of Abyssinia, sojourners in Egypt; the Prince, who having heard of the fame of the celebrated wise man, sought his presence, that he might be instructed in the wisdom of the age. The interview continuing for days, his sister became solicitous to know with whom he was spending his time, as he must be engaged in matters of importance which could cause him to stay so long from home. The Prince, in order to increase her anxiety and raise her anticipations to the highest pitch, told her of the marvelous wonders revealed by this extraordinarj1personage. The Princess becoming charmed with the excellence of the philosopher, insisted on paying him a visit, with her brother, that she might see, hear and know for herself—as all her sex are determined to do. The Prince being no longer able to restrain or conceal his mirth, said : ' Dear sister, I must tell you the facts ; our teacher is one of those philosophers of whom it may be said, ' the more he says, the less you know.' The visit could add nothing to your store of knowledge worthy of your acceptance, or that could raise in your estimation the excellence of the masculine gender.' This illustration may not exactly coincide with the views and feelings of those who have spent the best part of their lives in a theological education and the study of Oriental divinity, but it is the best we can do for them at present. The life and simple teachings of the Lord Jesus, are worth more to the unsophisticated minds of the children of earth, by way of instructing and leading them into the Divine Life, than all that has been written or printed since by the outside world. Commentaries on the New Testament have been multiplied, according to the views and conditions of the writers; speculations, without the spirit and power of the Gospel unto salvation. But the writers of polemical divinity have THE SHAKER. not been confined to the use of the pen or the tongue; in their heated controversies, the worst passions of the human mind have boiled over; men and nations have come to blows, to arms; and individuals to the stake and torch ! Heresy, in every age of the world has been called to an account, and made to pay the forfeiture of life for its inability to see and believe the ' divine mysteries,' as held by the standard bearers of mythology. The gods have multiplied in numbers, and increased in severity, ever since ' the falling away' of the Apostolic Church. And now, when the Martyr fires have gone out and men have ceased to settle their polemical discrepancies on the field of battle, wisdom would suggest, that the materials of discord should never again be collected; but be permitted to remain, with the history of the past, as a memento of the consummate folly and ignorance of the nations and the age; and with all effete matter be cast off, and in deep humiliation and mortification be left behind. In preceding time, to be the greatest human butcher, has been the most consummate glory of brutal men; gloating on the wide-spread field of mortal carnage, as the tiger over his bleeding victim ! To quarrel and fight is not the vocation of philosophers ; and Christianity teaches men to govern their passions, and bring them into subjection to the law of Love ! To irrational animals let us leave the field of blood and carnage; as, after nations have exhausted themselves on the fields of whole- sale murder, from inability to continue the bloody strife, they cease, then diplomacy has to resume her work, and settle the disputation. But men and nations can never make repa- ration in time, for the ungodly deeds committed on the fields of blood! One wrong can never right another; Justice, in the even-handed balance, alone can weigh out the dues of indi- viduals and nations. Right must ultimately prevail; and Might be instructed, that 'he that takes the sword, must perish with the sword ! ' Let us suppose, that men in all ages had preferred one another; and in all the departments and vocations of life, given precedence to each other; that all the lives and treasures lavished in wars and destruction had been devoted to the good and upbuilding of nations, peoples and families ; can any one imagine or describe the blessedness of the condition of earth ! Fair and honest dealings between nations and individuals will yet obtain ; and the children of earth, of whatever nation or people, will learn to love and respect each other ; consequently envyings, jealousies and strifes will cease on our globe, ' and nations will learn war no more ! ' Then will be consummated the advent of the Lord of Glory, and the kingdom resigned to the Father, according to intent; because the evils of earth have been overcome by kindness and Love, which have drawn the children of time to the Father, and they become one with him, according to their measure, in His sublime perfections.