(From Troy [N. Y.] Times.) Shaker Sermons SPIRITUALISM—THE CHARACTER OF JESUS CONSIDERED—CONVERTING THE HEATHEN—SOME GOOD IDEAS FOR THE CHURCHES—REMARKS OF ELDERS EVANS AND LOMAS. Among the persons in attendance at the late Conference of the Shakers and Spiritualists in this city, were Elder Evans, of the Lebanon Shaker Society, and Elder Lomas, of the Watervliet Society. Both are esteemed as Leaders among their peculiar people, and from the addresses which they delivered here during the Conference we have selected two, which set forth somewhat at length their views upon relig- ious questions. They will be found interesting : SERMON BY ELDER LOMAS. ' Watchman, what of the night? ''—' The morning dawns.'' Spiritual Friends: I draw some delightful inferences from this assemblage of familiar spirits. I have a larger faith that there is greater good in humanity; even a zeal for the truth, and an increased desire to live it. Shakers and Spiritualists mutually conferring upon what truth is, what its demands, and who are its most obedient subjects ! How shortly the time when this happifying conference was deemed an impossibility ! Truly, ' the morning dawns ; ' the world does move ! If there ever were a people, whom those who are properly denominated ' the world ' have despised, that people are the Shakers. If there was ever an organization which the popular religions of this or any other age were quite willing should be enjoyed by its own members alone, that organization is the Shakers. And yet, if there is a living demonstration of greater spirituality—a greater fervency to know the truth and to live it; if there is a stronger testimony against, and opposition to sin; popular, but erroneous theologies, human woes, and unspiritual practices; then I am here, a willing listener, to learn of the way; to make its precepts the life-line of my conduct; to be thereby a better Spiritualist—one who 'walks in the spirit, and fails to fulfill unspiritual lusts.' The Shakers date their distinctive existence from Ann Lee. You have heard of the carpenter's goodly son; Ann Lee was the beautiful daughter of a blacksmith. There has been none foolish enough yet, to surround her conception and birth with anything miraculous. ' Many daughters have done virtuously; ' but Ann Lee's system of virtue has been elevated too high for worldly reach or admiration; and to the world it is there still—if obtained, it is by an exertion upwards. She was the spiritual medium for the introduction of those organizing principles that made up and sustain Shaker societies. In view of some of our social regulations, we have been termed ' woman-haters !' and by the same vituperative class, we have been branded as the ' fanatical followers of an old woman !' ' Consistency, thou art a jewel.' Spiritualists, and hate a woman ! better ask us to worship a monstrous three-headed God, whose subjects make the best fighting material the world ever saw. 36 THE SHAKER. How false these charges are, we will not waste time to advert, but will assure you that we are the followers of no mere man nor woman that ever lived; and we will not admit that any have greater love for woman than ourselves. We love her so well that we are anxious that she shall become as good, pure and angelic as the heavens ; and no desire of ours shall ever soil her spiritual aspirations; and if woman becomes angelic, we are determined to be there too. But ' Watchman, what of the night ?' The age in which we live is not yet remarkable for its religious enthusiasm—religious zeal is not prevalent. The spiritual faculties are not roused. Eevivals ' are few and far between '— those that knew an existence have died for want of breath. The speculative, the acquisitive, united with the inventive and discovera- ble, demand a large attention, while the senses receive a support beyond my power or wish to estimate. The multitudes seek daily, joys that are earthly, and how they may obtain 'the almighty dollar,' while very few are deeply concerned in ' What shall I do to be saved ? ' Hence, on the planes of genius, of self-gratification and aggrandizement, there is light, there is a brilliancy. But upon themes of spiritual life, of eternal growth and practice, darkness is prevalent, and humanity seems swayed into a callousness that makes the spirit's voice almost unheard, unfelt, unknown. We go to church; this is honorable, fashionable and proper. We there hear much theological teaching, but experience only a little practical religion, for one is not the other. Religion is life—eternal life; and so certain is there an eternal life, so sure is there a theology that teaches how to live this life. Amidst the cries of ' Lo, here ! and Lo there ! ' darkness has flourished, the night has seemed almost profound. Images for worship have nearly everywhere been elevated—thus have we seen Moses and Mahomet, Confucius and Jesus. These very names are adored, while the characters which made these individuals objects of esteem seem unworthy a consideration. Idols of fash- ion and objects of lust sweep unrelentingly against spiritual aspiration; and thus, in the nineteenth century, idolatry is almost universal ; erroneous theology prospers, but religion —the elevating, spiritual kind—is at a very great discount. The man Jesus occupies a prominent place before the multitudes to-day ; the masses bow in reverence to his name. The crucifix, emblematical of the manner he met His physical death, is also an object of worship. To these, millions look for their eternal salvation, while just so many are doomed to disappointment. Jesus was the medium of the Christ Spirit for the introduction of spiritual truths. Through the influence of this spirit He became a most noted theologian—He taught the science of true religion; more, He practiced spirituality and realized that the Gospel was ' the power of God unto salvation' from His sins. It has been asserted that Shakers and Spiritualists ignore Jesus. For the Shakers, I deny the charge. We love Jesus Christ, the firstborn Spiritualist and very honorable Shaker. He taught an exceeding self-denial, illustrating in His life that its results were an exceeding spirituality. Jesus, under the influence of the I Christ Spirit, is ' the way, the truth and the life-example' of true Spiritualists; but without the baptism of the Christ, I have just as much honor, and no more, for Jesus, than for the millions of ancient Jews whom I have never seen! The human mind, clouded by constant draughts of sensual pleasure, never will be illuminated until it enters the church of true Spiritualism, and there learns that true theology is true to life. For he is a fool who believes that even God can save him from the just rewards of his service to sin, unless he repents and lives differently. No more solid truth does Spiritualism teach, than ' that every human tub shall rest on its own bottom;' and let the millions of Christian heathens prepare to face the music ! But, ' Watchman, what of the night ? ' There is a light breaking through the clouds of darkness, and the wise are taking advantage of it. Those that were dead are alive again ; the lost are found. They return and tell us they are not in the graves of clay and sand; more, they tell us they never have been there : and more, that an attempt to bottle lightning would be as fruitless as to put them there ! So-called orthodoxies, which find exponents in some Bap- tist churches, in other churches, and in some Young Men's Associations, cry aloud: ' We don't believe it.' And truth remains whether they do or not; for the bell of their monstrous theologies is cracked by the spirit's return, and the light is shining through. They can never ring those theologies as of yore, even in their chimes, without divulging the mortifying but delightful truth that they are so badly cracked by the light of Spiritualism as to be entirely useless ! 'The morning dawns!' We have seen the patriotic elements stirred to their very foundations. We have heard the guns of Sumter, and have witnessed the uprising of a mighty nation. If the patriotism of humanity can be so ruffled, why may not the spiritual elements be excited ? We claim that they may, and that we as self-denying Spiritualists must set the ball rolling. If the God of the Jews can use the thunders of Sumter for the emancipation of the physically enslaved, cannot the God of the Christian Spiritualist use claps of spiritual thunder to wake up the sleeping, and the dead in darkness and sin; and for the cleansing of the atmosphere in that far better day that shall disenthrall the millions of theology-stuffed, but religiouslystarved souls, called Christians ? ' The morning dawns !' The spirit of inquiry is unfolding itself as never before, and this reveals large dissatisfactions with existing theologies that have no religion in them. Honest souls say : ' We went to church to be fed ; we returned hungry, with no more power to take up our crosses, no more salvation from our besetting sins; we went to drink, and returned worse than dry !' And these individuals come to the conclusion that popular churches would make very good sepulchers for dead men, but are no place for the living. What follows ? They become infidelic—this is the first work of Spiritualism—it makes of its subjects thorough infidels to preposterous errors. This was what made Franklin, Paine and Jefferson what they were ; Parker and Peebles, your Starbucks, Waters, McCoys and others, honest engineers of unpopular truths; this is what persuaded Ann Lee, Elder Evans, Abraham Lincoln and an innumerable host of honest men and women to be what they were—thorough infidels to man-made creeds ! And blessed are such infidels. The call of the spirit is for progress, and no progress is more necessary for humanity than a belief in and reliance upon the revelation of the holy spirit to-day. We may use the revelation of the past to stand upon, but we must lean, move, press forward to hear the voice of God speaking to-day. Why need we rely on Hebrew bounties, while from all around, more truthful revelations are daily unfolding ? Here is one of the fruits of condemnation—men choose the darkness of past ages, rather than the spiritual light of to-day, for very obvious reasons. Can we vitalize our souls with the bread of the ancients ? Never! Yet this is what millions are trying to do, forgetful of the living present. Souls have grown since then, so have their necessities. The yesterdays have gone, let them go; let us use them only the more effectually to draw out the present; let us do them homage only as far as they speak truth to the soul. Wisdom did not die with the ancients. God speaks to us as fatherly, more motherly, and as frequently as to the ancient prophets, and it is through the influences of present revelations that we look to see torpor and darkness, the sting of death and the victory of the grave destroyed. When we all shall ask for spirit aid as a necessity— as ' give us our daily bread,' then will it be forthcoming in abundance, as the sweet bread of heaven, and as fountains of living waters, ever refreshing, ever vitalizing. The natural manna answered its purpose very well, but give vis the life-giving substance of the spirit to-day. The baptisms of John were positive essentials to his Judean followers; but give us a refreshing shower, as a baptism of the holy spirit, and we care not if all the fonts and ducking holes are as distant as the Red Sea. ' The morning dawns,' teaching us to say our prayers and to do them—to ask for the kingdom of heaven on earth, and to deny ourselves of every unheavenly practice. To profess less, and possess more of the divine spirit of true religion, which will make of us ' new creatures ' of light, and wrork out in our lives the purity of the angels. Said Wesley : 'I am sick of opinions ; let us have good works, and the faith of practical benevolence.' Was not Wesley a better Spiritualist than his pretended followers ? When we yield ourselves to the inspirations of the angel-life, we see how dark are the century-mossed systems of the past. By this life, we learn that if we would be more spiritual, we must be less sensual. It teaches the truth of our father and mother —God. It shows the uselessness of war on the plane of spirituality, where the causes of war—the lusts of the flesh—are being daily crucified. It makes us dissatisfied with theologies that would teach us to be content with THE SH^KEH. 37 mortal pleasures and carnal indulgences; and opens our eyes to the Christ planisphere where the resurrection of life is established, and where an exceeding self-denial is the powerful lever for its accomplishment. And the watchman answered, ' The morning dawns ! ' We see it dawning by the progress of spiritual truth in the churches, and particularly out of them. We see it in the call of the spirit to the millions of Spiritualists to ' come up to a higher life ! ' We see its light in the tottering power of Rome, in the foolish dogmas of ' Immaculate Conception ' and ' Papal Infallibility; ' in its excommunication of thousands of its former subjects, who are almost ready for Spiritualism. We see it in the downfall of empires, and the purification of republics; in the eternal separation of church and state; in the exclusion of 'God' and 'Christ,' 'Virgin Mary,' 'Ann Lee' and the 'Methodist Church' from the constitution of the United States. We see the dawning of the better day in the excitement over woman's wrongs and woman's rights—her wrongs of oppression, and her rights to do as she pleases, when she pleases to do rightly. In the trial of Theodore Cuylerwe see light, and in the apologetical manner of rendering the verdict against a woman's opening her mouth where Theodore Cuyler does his, shows the day is not distant when the question of woman's having a soul will be settled in the affirmative. We believe these very same stick- lers for church government, who have been so fearful lest woman in the pulpit should create a breach of Divine injunctions, would be among the first to violate her rights as a phj^sical being ; and while abusing her privilege of being true to her womanly instincts, they would exclude her soul from heaven, were it possible to get a man to go to heaven and stay there without her ! Having given woman a representative in the Godhead, we look to see her rights effected entire ; and then, if she aspires to fill the White House in Washington, or the White Throne in heaven, the same will be her right, as really as her rights now are supposed only to extend, to the filling and rocking of the cradle. In the face of the light of present revelation, we protest against the prostitution of the so- called heathens, by the promulgation of the most erroneous doctrines the world ever knew. While these heathens, so-called, are living better lives than the majority of missionaries sent among them, we call up Bergh, or some more active humane power, to arrest the infliction of these theological barbarities. Rather than a God should send men and women to teach of the atoning blood of Jesus ; of a triune monstrosity ; of a physical resurrection of the body, and hundreds other non-essentials to a pure life; as men and women, we had better hang up that god and let the heathen go; or rather, call upon the heathen to convert these barbarian missionaries ! ' The morning dawns.' The Spiritualists have accompanied the Shakers in many degrees of spirituality; they havq untrammelled their souls from many burdensome obstacles; and yet the call is for progress. We present for their kindly consideration the following radical propositions, from the Shaker standpoint: 1. That marriage is an honorable institution; but that it is an earthly, not a spiritual relation. Angels do not marry. 2. That the flesh is opposed to the spirit; the engagement in fleshly lusts is unbecoming the progressive Spiritualist. 3. That private property, war, riches, poverty, pride and worldly ambition originate with unspiritual lusts, and will be discontinued when these lusts are done away. 4. That the life of the angels constitutes Heaven; and that same life will introduce the millennium on earth. 5. That salvation from sin, and the enjoyment of eternal life are realities that can be enjoyed here on earth, as in the spiritual world. That salvation from sin means the cessation of sinful practices, and not an evasion of merited punishment; and that eternal life is an unchangeable condition—having had all elementary conditions removed from it. Standing on these bases, and the cry comes, ' Watchman, what of the night ? ' We will answer: ' There is no night; all is concert, all is Summer—we have reached eternal day! ' ADDRESS BY ELDER EVANS. THIS AND THAT. The revelation of to-day is the key to revelation in the past. Upon this rock the church of Christ must be built as its foundation to rest upon—not upon the record of a former revelation. How absurd for one generation to ignore revelation and spirit communion; hold- ing them impossible for their attainment; while implicitly believing that some previous generation was open to them in the fullest degree ! Spiritualism comes to remove this absurdity; and to explain the mysteries of the Spiritualistic history of Jesus and the Apostles. All the miracles—so termed—become miraculous, as the growing of the grass, and the falling of a stone, or the continued suspension of the earth in space, are miraculous. And the conclusion is reached, that either these things were not performed by reason of the divinity of Jesus, or that his Apostles and such as shall do 'greater works than these,' are also divine beings—Gods. Possession of spiritual gifts and powers proves that persons may be Christians, not that they are so—wanting these gifts cuts off the claim altogether—but not at all does Christianity prove infallibility. Like Adam, or John the Baptist, Jesus was born a natural man—a generative man. Not until born again of the Christ-spirit could he say in truth, ' I am the way, the truth, the life'—' I am the resurrection.' The popular error is, to make Jesus all that he was, or all that they claim him to be, by means of his superior generation—a fatal error—that deprives Jesus of his chief crowning glory. Abstinence, self-abnegation, selfdenial, persevering adherence to principle, by means of which he formed his own character (just as all men can do or have done) up to his Christ Baptism : and then the same regeneration—travail—that awaits all who shall 'follow him' into the holy of holies, the inner heavens; as it also deprives humanity of the great comfort, encouragement and hope implied in the exhortation : ' Be of good cheer, for I have overcome the world.' If he was born a Christian—an utter impossibility—he is our inferior; we, who have 'fought the good fight, kept the faith,' and overcome by means of ' Christ within' us, have done what he never did. He may have possessed the innocence of childhood, of an unbodied A.ngel, but not that sturdy, manly innocence which has been attained under the hammer of temptation, and in the fiery furnace of affliction. Being the first—' treading the wine-press alone '—may somewhat balance the ante-natal superior advantages of his class. He was subject to his own parents, who did not comprehend the spiritual impressions impelling him, and foreshadowing the future work, on a higher plane than the natural, which they occupied. As a natural man, Jesus had to learn Judaism—a natural law applicable to the material world. 1. The law of physiology—no sickness. 2. The law of property—no monopoly or usury. 3. The law of reproduction—use, not indulgence. 4. The law of war—force— right against wrong. When Moses killed the Egyptian, that was war on the lowest plane—physical force. Mediumship War.—When Jonathan with his armor-bearer defeated a whole host, saying, ' There is no restraint to the Lord to save by many or by few.'—1 Samuel, 14, 6. When Gideon discharged twenty-two thousand men from his army, leaving ten thousand, the Jewish God still said, ' The people are yet too many.' 'By the three hundred men that lapped will I save you, and deliver the Midianites into thy hand; and let all the other people go every man into his place.'—Judges 7. And with the three hundred men, with trum- pets, lamps and pitchers, Gideon created a Bull Run panic in Midian, and a hundred and twenty thousand men fell, mostly by their own swords. Sampson, with the jaw-bone of an ass, slew a thousand men; and then a spring opened in the jaw-bone, and he drank of it. That was medium war. Jesus also was thus inspired in cleansing the temples.—Matthew 21, 12. Jesus went into the temple and cast out all them that bought and sold therein, ' and overthrew the tables of the money-changers, and the seats of them that sold doves.' This, too, was Jewish medium ivar. The entry of Jesus into Jerusalem was in the faith that the kingdom of God was to be set up outioardly and by outward means; for as yet I do not think Jesus himself was converted to know that his ' kingdom was not of this world;' and he still believed in Jew- ish Mediumistic war, as did also his disciples even until after his death. The highest form of Jewish war was where the medium of the spirits did nothing, any more than the medium of table-tipping or other manifestations is expected to do—sit still. Even to the last, it is not clear to me that 38 THE SHAKER. Jesus was yet a consistent non-resistant. Luke 22: ' He that hath no sword, let him sell his garment and buy one,' was the advice of a war man; and, like the advice of Paul to a young woman to marry, was not proper advice to give to full Jewish Christians. And when he told them that two swords were enough, he expected spirit aid in the work of destroying men's lives—Jew like. At another time, when under better and more Christian influences, he went even beyond Elias, wbo called down fire, bj the spirits, to kill one hundred men, which Jesus refused to do—then he was as ' Prince of Peace' under the Christ influence. In short, it was a matter of travail towards Christianity with Jesus, as with his apostles and all who follow him. He took the sword and perished with it—crucifixion. ' Jesus was not yet perfected,' even after he was out of the body— in Christian principles—is the record. There was a travail, and there were sufferings left behind for others to fulfill and endure, before the body and the head could all be compacted together. Does the presence of Jesus at a wedding prove that at his ' beginning of miracles ' he was already converted to celibacy, as a Christian virtue ? The fact that it takes ages upon ages for the rays of the natural sun to become converted into a diamond, and that many superior stones are formed before the diamond of the first water is produced, may be a fit simile of the effect upon humanity of the shining of the Christ spirit for the seventeen hundred years, during which period there has been one con- tinued succession of efforts to produce the true pentecostal church—the kingdom of heaven— a spiritual diamond of the first water. ERRORS OF SWEDENBORG AND THE APOSTLES. Swedenborg, as an embodiment of the Angel of Spiritualism (see Rev. xviii), in assuming to set up a 'New Church,' committed the same error the Spiritualists of to-day fall into when they set up Spiritualism as a Religion. The chemists, or the agriculturists, or the professors of any one of the sciences, might, with equal consistency, resolve themselves into a religious sect. Swedenborg was never resurrected (either in this world nor the other) out of the Natural Order—having generation for its central power. Hence, 'conjugal love' was the primary law of his Church—' New Church '—and of the heavens to which he had access in the spirit world. Consequently, the theology of Babylon, in its fundamentals, was not subverted by the doctrines of the ' New Church.' The Scriptures, as the ' Word of God,' were never so glorified on earth before by mortal man. The Trinity—' the Divinity of our Lord '— he was wholly absorbed in. With him, Jesus was born the Christ. ' The Lord had a Divine essence from conception itself. His soul was Jehovah, and Jehovah was God. Thus the inmost of the Lord was essential Divinity; and that clothing of matter was from the Mother—the humanity. The humanity of the Lord was not as other men, being conceived from the Divine Being Himself. Jesus was the Son of God from eternity.' This is orthodox, and is one with the general creed of Christendom. Even the Apostles were not infallible. They ' knew in part, prophesied in part, and saw as through a glass darkly.' They confounded the ideas of a physical resurrection with those of the true resurrection. Acts ii, 32 : ' This Jesus hath God raised up, whereof we are all witnesses. David spake of the resurrection of Christ (meaning Jesus, for they confounded Jesus and Christ, as they did the physical and spiritual resurrection), that his soul was not left in hell, neither did his flesh see corruption.' His physical body, with the wounds in the hands and side, was not left in the grave (hell), and his fleshly body did not putrefy, as the body of Lazarus had begun to do when it was brought to life. Yet, what became of the body of Lazarus after it was raised ? Did it not die again ? And why should not the body of Jesus do the same, provided it ever was quickened like that of Lazarus ? are proper questions. The same also of the ' dead bodies of the saints, which came up out of their graves, and were seen of many.' Scriptures could be cited to show that Jesus, the Apostles, and the angels first believed in the reanimation of the body of Jesus (and of other men to follow in due season), also to show that they thought a certain transmutation would occur, by means of which the physical body would be spirit- ualized; in fact, become a spiritual body that could go to heaven. ' This same Jesus whom ye have seen go up to heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go,' etc. Phil, iii, 21: ' Who shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body.' ' This corruption must put on incorruption, and this mortal, immortality.' ' For if the dead rise not, then is Christ (Jesus^) not risen. Now if Christ be preached that he rose from the dead, how say some of you that there is no (physical) resurrection ? then would your faith be vain,' etc. In short, it is no clearer that the Apostles looked for the setting up of a temporal kingdom, that would be sustained by the sword, than it is that they believed and preached a physical resurrection. Election.—It is also in evidence that the Apostles believed in the doctrine of Election. Rom. ix: ' Jacob have I loved; Esau have I hated, before they had done either good or evil; that the purpose of God might stand, not of works, but according to election.' Chap, viii, 9: ' For whom he did foreknow, he also did predestinate,' etc. The Apostles were also in confusion in their understanding respecting Melchizedek, his character and office; and of the character and office of his successors, the Prophets, down to John the Baptist. According to orthodoxy, Jesus going to John to be baptized with water (a rite administered by John only to the people of Jerusalem and Judea, when and after they had come to him ' confessing their sins ' —their Jewish sins—physical sins against their own bodies) was confusion, as ' the less is of the better blessed.' And, after the water 'baptism, his baptism by the holy Christ Spirit, through John as the medium, is as Greek to Catholic and Protestant divines, as is the fact that Jesus is established as the Head of a new priesthood, '' after the order of Melchizedek,' a heathen—and that is nearly all we know of him, except that he ' was a priest of the Most High God, a king of Peace and of Righteousness, like unto the Son of God,' etc.; and that he blessed Abraham, the ancestor of Jesus, who bowed to him, as did Jesus to John the Baptist; all of which is sufficiently confusing, not to say confounding, to poor orthodoxy, which is in a bad way at this time, having Spiritualism incessantly at work undermining the old orthodox heavens of Christendom, and Shakerism substituting entire new heavens in place of them. Rev. xxi, 1 : ' I saw a new heaven and a new earth ; for the first heaven and the first earth had passed away; and there was no more sea'—no more world. ' For there was sor- row on the sea, and it cannot rest and be quiet.' There was a civil governmental organization which should know no war, poverty or prostitution ; nor the want of any rational supply for the body. ' He that sat upon the throne said, ' Behold, I make all things new.' God shall wipe away all tears from all eyes; and there shall be no more death '—the result of sin—' neither sorrow, nor crying; neither any more pain; for the former things have passed away. The tabernacle of God is with men.' The kingdom of heaven has come upon earth, securing human beings their inalienable rights to all of the elements of existence—religious communism. The valleys are filled by the leveled mountains : there is neither rich nor poor, for all things are common ; neither bond nor free, for all labor and share alike ; neither Jew nor Greek, for the Gospel is for all people. ' There is neither male nor female; ' for both of the sexes have risen, in the resurrection, to a life of divine Christian celibacy, finding an Angelic sexual union c in the Lord.' The prophecies are realized, and the vision of John is fulfilled, to the honor of God, by its good to humanity.