Mr Kind Friend Eliza : I received your very kind letter, and though I have so long deferred answering it, I would say, we hope and trust with you that your visit with us will be productive of good. We are also pleased to know that you appreciate the life and spirit which we are striving to maintain, and that you realized, in some degree, a baptism of the spirit from the resurrection heavens, while with us. We believe that any one who receives the degree of light and truth which is so manifestly evident you have received, though dwelling outside of the relations of our Church, if true to the convictions of right in their own souls, cannot fail to realize, when coming among us, something of the purity of life which we maintain, and the true love that draws us together, and proclaims us the true, unselfish Christian Church. But no one can know much of our real inward lives, unless they enter into the work unreservedly, and do as we have done—honestly confessing every known sin before the 'witnesses of God; striving to forsake them; making restitution for every wrong done to others, as lies within our power. Those who have done this work, can testify that it yields them justification, is as a consuming fire to the corrupt and sinful passions of their depraved natures, and gives them power to rise, step by step, into the high and holy element of spiritual life. It expands our love for our fellow beings, creates new fathers and mothers, new brothers and sisters, making the household of Christ our nearest and dearest relations, who are free and welcome to enjoy every blessing that we possess, both spiritual and temporal, in sickness and health. Hence, the temptations so prevalent outside of our order, to sacrifice principle and chastity to obtain the means to pander to fashion, and procure the necessaries of life, are not felt in our communities. Oh, Eliza ! when I go abroad among the rich and poor, and see the contrast in their earthly comforts—some toiling to gain an honest livelihood by the sweat of the brow, not able to obtain enough to clothe them decently, or supply the demands of hunger, while another class revel in luxury, my spirit molts into sympathy, and I lift a prayer that the heavy chains of slavery, which still rest upon the human family, may be broken. I bless the spirit so earnestly at work, to set poor, down-trodden woman free from the bondage in which she is held (and I fear, by her own free will, too,) a servant to passion, to the spoliation of her own health and happiness. What a contrast from my sweet Shaker home, where not only the outside of the cup and platter are clean, but the inside also! Where love, uncontaminated with worldly, fleshly lusts, bears sway, and keeps the whole household in order. Oh, may our Eternal Father and Mother hasten the day when light shall be shed upon the souls of men, that they may behold the beauties of this glorious Millenial, which has dawned upon THE SHAKER. us, and realize, by experience, the true happiness which the life of purity and entire consecration affords. Though you have passed through many trying scenes of suffering and persecution, to attain to so great a degree of the knowledge of God, you receive, if your experience is similar to ours, untold blessings for every sacrifice, yea, a treasure, far surpassing all worldly riches, honor or fame. You say that some of your Spiritualist friends Were afraid they should lose you from their ranks. We think, when they see us as we are, they will not fear the loss of you or any other good member, but will strive to bring themselves up to our standard, and rejoice to see any one forsaking the perishing joys and pleasures that are now urging millions into the common vortex of human depravity. You say, ' The field is broad in which many are rejoicing in the reappearance of God, as manifested through Jesus ; ' also, *' Generations yet unborn shall rise up to be glorified in the true worship, as given through the Shakers.' Here, I see, is a prophecy. Our kindest love to yourself and daughter, we remain your true friends, The Shakers. By Caroline. Enfield, N. H.