Mother BY WM. H. BUSSELL By the same process by which we trace out the existence of the Supreme Being, and the various attributes which are generally ascribed to him, we arrive at the conclusion that there are in the Divine nature both masculine and feminine principles. The universal Father and Mother are necessary complements of each other. Both combine the formation of worlds, on which their image is indelibly impressed. So plainly is this inscribed there, that one needs only to open his eyes to be able to read the inscription wherever he turns his gaze. It requires no metaphysical acumen, no laborious investigation, to reach this result, but merely the simple process by which we attain to ordinary truth, so that one who has admitted this truth into his mind, wonders that a thing so plain should have escaped the observation of reflecting minds in Christendom for so many ages. Yet we may account for this from the fact that, instead of looking into the great volume of nature, spread open before them, they have drawn their ideas from the Scriptures, where masculinity alone is generally ascribed to Deity. Other nations, whom we, Christians, in our self-conceit, have been accustomed to style ignorant, God-forsaken heathen, have had clearer perceptions of thi truth. Gods and goddesses both have formed the groundwork of their theology, however absurd many of its details may appear to us. There are reasons for believing that Jesus acknowledged the fact that Mother as well as Father subsist in Deity, though our canonical gospels represent him as using exclusively the term Father when addressing or speaking oi God. In the Gospel, according to the Hebrews, translated into the Greek and Latin languages by Jerome, one of the early Christian fathers, was a passage quoted by Origen, another early Christian father, which represents Jesus as saying, 'My Mother, the Holy Spirit, took me and brought me to the great mountain Tabor.' The book from which this was quoted, was not ranked a; canonical by those who made the selection from among all the Christian books anciently written, yet is as likely to have been genuine as those thus classed. Eusebius, the early ecclesiastical historian, says, ' The Ebionide use only the Gospel according to the He- brews.' These were a body of Christian living mostly near Jerusalem in the earlies' times. Regarding the Holy Spirit, then, as Mother we see the propriety of the words of Jesus addressed to Nicodemus,—' Except one be jorn of the spirit, he cannot enter into the cingdom of God.' This is not a mere figure of speech, but alludes to the real and substan;ial work of regeneration wrought in the beiever, so that in life and spirit he becomes a lew creature, being completely transformed from the earthly to the heavenly life. The Divine Father and Mother, through the ministrations of angels, both male and female, devoted Jesus himself to the life of unchanging love. ' Ye shall see heaven open, and the angels of God descending to and ascending from the Son of Man,' were words addressed by him to the guileless Nathanael, which assured him and other disciples of their prospective induction into the profoundest truths of the heavenly life. Various figures were used in the ancient prophecies, expressive of the female principle in Deity. In the 115th Psalm she is represented by the Queen sitting at the right hand of the King, whose ' throne God is for the age of ages.' Her name is ' to dc remembered in every generation, and the people shall acknowledge her from age to age.' (See Septuagint version.) The pre-eminent influence in the Church of Christ, which is to govern that and ultimately the whole world, emanates from Deity as Father and Mother, in the psalm represented by the King and Queen, to whom all inferior authorities must finally submit. In the book of Zechariah, their repre- sentatives are described as ' the two Anointed Ones—two Christs—who stand by the Lord of the whole earth.' In rebuilding the temple spoken of by the same prophet, the hands of Zerrubbabel—strange to confusion—laid the foundation, and his hands were to finish it; yet, ' This is the word of the Lord to Zerubbabel: Not b\r might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts.' The mountain difficulties in the way of its erection were to be removed by the Spirit as the Divine Mother, and the cap-stone was to be put on ' with shouting, Grace, grace to it.' There is an allusion here to the practice of giving some expressive name to a building, when its frame has been raised, or the finishing stone laid on, by those engaged in erecting it. The practice is still kept up in some places even in this country. From the top of the edifice one calls out to another, asking what name shall be given to it, and the other replies by giving the name selected, which is confirmed by the unanimous shout of all present. The name to be given to the temple, when the finishing stone should be put on, was to be Grace, or Beauty, one very expressive of the finishing work of the Mother of salvation. Grace, representing not only the Divine favor, but the refinement, beauty and perfection of spirit in all those who are the subjects of it. The Hebrew word, rendered Grace, is the one from which we have derived our proper name Ann, and those translated 'to it' read Lee, as any one may see, who is familiar with the Hebrew. When the mountain of a carnal nature, which hides from the soul the Sun of Righteousness, was leveled to a plain in Mother Ann, by her unceasing efforts, aided by the Holy Mother Spirit, then Grace and 4:5 THE SHAKER. Beauty shone forth in her character in a re- markable degree; then was she constituted Mother in Christ, able, by Divine assistance, to help others to effect the same work in themselves, and thus to become the sons and daughters of God in the very highest sense of the terms,—the legitimate offspring not only of the Eternal Father, but also of the Co-eternal Mother.