Shaker Societies THEIR PURPOSE AND MAINTENANCE. We would, in present article, deal with this subject as connected with the consecrated services of those individuals which the Good Spirit seals as acceptable members of said Societies. The very common idea prevails that the Shakers are rich. Viewed from whatever point any may take, the very reverse of this is true ! We have large possessions, but we have large numbers as occupants and possessors ; and there are thousands of farmers within a few miles of Shaker homesteads, who possess more earthly wealth than the Shakers would, were they divided into families as small as theirs. In the 'Constitution' of the United Societies we find that the sole aim, purpose and intent for the accumulation of any and all possessions in the power of the Societies honorably to secure, to be for ' charitable and religious purposes ' only. None, not even the Bishops of the Societies, have any right to disburse the funds derived from the consecrated services or donations of individuals, for any other purposes whatever. It will clearly appear to any reasonable individual, that a Society whose financial basis is like ours, must be the very reverse of a money-making institution. This being so, many will ask, how are the Societies maintained and improved ? It is a fact, well known, that the Shakers rely upon the adhesion of individuals outside of their order, to increase or sustain their numerical forces—no children being born in the Societies. Many of Society's pillars entered it when very young, others in riper years. Some became acceptable members after reaching the meridian of life, able to sustain themselves and a little more; while many others are unable to do even this. Many, advanced in years, seek admission to Society under the well-founded assertion that they are '' able to pay their way ' at the time ; and it will appear cogent to all, that if Society is sustained, some must considerably exceed an ability to sustain themselves, and willingly consecrate that ability to the cause, or it must fail. Here, then, we have the key to Society's improvement—the consecrated offerings of those able to bear to Society more than they cost it. Many children have been adopted, in the hope that their riper years will not only compensate Society for its fostering care of their youth, but add largely to its facilities, whereby their spiritual fathers and mothers, less able brethren and sisters, other adopted children, and themselves may be assured a happy maintenance for all time to come; making Society a permanent institution for the sinsick Zion-traveler who earnestly pleads for a privilege to devote his or her life to a cause so holy and just. We enter into a ' Covenant ' at maturity of years, that our whole being, without reserve, shall willingly be devoted to the upholding and upbuilding of Society; and sacredly attaching our names to this instrument, forbids our demand, if not our acceptance, of a single dime for services so consecrated. ' Can a man rob God? ' Nor does Society invite this consecration without giving us a solemn assurance that it takes us ' for better or for worse, in sickness and in health,' in old age, and through unforeseen accidents and difficulties, so long as we fulfill our part of the 'compact' to which we, at mature age, have understandingly and vol- untarily attached our signatures. This ' Covenant ' has passed the ordeal of the best legal acumen and criticism in our country, and pronounced a safe document for the preservation of Society for the purposes it sets forth, and an impassable and imperishable barrier to the cunning design of malignant apostates, than whom Society has no more ignoble, unworthy foe. Bearing in mind many, who, in parting with Society as their Alma Mater, have ever respected and honored her; yet some of those departing have, with unexampled ferocity, demanded large sums—a division of Society's substance, little of which was gathered by their efforts in her behalf, but rather by the life-services of the saints departed, and the living faithful. Such would bring Society to an end of practically fulfilling its sacred obligations to faithful adherents, and obliterate the very purposes for which Society was established. And why ? Because they have chosen to depart Society! Dark times were those, when Society suffered the unjust allegations of living in secret impurity—hypocritically professing, but failing to demonstrate a pure life ! Those times are past, and now the very reverse is believed; and we mean to take advantage of the change, and ask, how do we do it? For the purpose of keeping our sacred obligations intact, we have rules which act as safeguards, securing to us spiritual protection, while making us better able to enjoy and enhance the physical blessings of Society. By the carnally-minded, these regulations are pronounced silly, unnecessary, tyrannical. But those who admit the feasibility of living a Shaker life, find in these apparently insignificant regulations the secret of our success, while we challenge any to live as purely as we do together, without them. United as we are to Society, we become its humble servants, and so far part with our identity, that even our correspondence with relatives or others becomes a part of Society, and our every breath is drawn for Society's good; and thus, in the language of one of Kentucky's wise statesmen, ' we challenge the world to furnish a truer, purer example of consecration to God than a faithful Shaker!' We, who represent Society to-day, have been put in trust with its substance, and we mean to transmit the same, unviolated, to our successors. We enjoy the benefits of Society as far as we are faithful representatives. We have no individual pos- sessions, and only as we enjoy the benefits of Society in common with our God-serving brethren and sisters, they are not ours. These blessings, deriving their origin and continuance from and by the consecrated services of the self-denying, we are unable by the ' Covenant,' as well as unwilling, to share this goodly substance with the self-gratifying crowd of ungodly doers. Being thus bound by the most solemn act of our lives—signing the ' Covenant '— we fulfill our obligations to our predecessors, ourselves, and to our God, by devoting our temporal gains to the purposes as aforesaid only. We wish it distinctly understood that we never have admitted any as members, with promise or intimation of reward, excepting a share of Society's benefits, while in it; and we never will. We posi- tively assert that we are not using conse THE SHAKER. crated funds for the aggrandizement of the few, to the exclusion of the general body; and despising the recreant policy of renegades, we declare Society to be carrying out its original plan—first, for the care of the bodies and souls of its members, and the residue, if any, is being applied to ' charitable and religious purposes ' only. Believing our Society to be founded upon principles that are eternal and just, that God is the Architect and Builder, we mean to do our duty fearlessly; and we warn the foolishness of man from any further attempts at defrauding Grod-loving souls of their Grod-given rights. If our institutions are founded upon the selfishness of man, we know they will soon pass away, and the sooner the better; but if they are of Grod, they will endure forever—the whole world to the contrary notwithstanding,—and this we believe. *