Short Sermons BY D. A. BUCKINGHAM The doctrine of James Whittaker (one of the founders of our Institution), was, ' Be what you seem to be, and seem what you really are, and not carry two faces.' Dissimulation of character is too prevalent in the world; particularly is it out of place among Christians, or those who profess to be such. What fraud, Avhat doAvnright knavery is practiced among mankind under the cloak of religious profession ! Seeming to be what they are not—Christians. True Christians being themselves honest, are apt to place confidence in those who profess to be so, but often, when perhaps too late, find that many sail under false colors. 'Repentance,' said he, 'will yet be the most joyful sound ever heard by mortals. True repentance is forsaking sin. Where Christ is, there is power to put away sin from the soul; and Avhere there is no power to put away sin, there is no Christ'—no real Christianity. Repentance is preceded by confession. ' He that covereth his sins, shall not prosper, but Avhoso confesseth and forsaketh them, shall find mercy.' Mother Ann Lee, Avhen instructing her disciples or immediate folloAvers, said to them, ' Own God''where you find Him, Avhether in man, luoman or child.' There is some good, some degree of virtue in all men ; even a child may possess the germs of Christianity, Avhich, if properly cultivated, Avill grow and flourish in life. Parents and guardians of the young should seek to plant the seeds of truth and honesty in them, Avhile their spirits are yielding and susceptible. ' Train up a child in the Avay he should go,' is a maxim of long standing. Virtuous principles should be early inculcated, that in after life they may bring forth fruit—thirty, sixty, or a hundred fold. Christians should so live daily as to be walking with Christ in the present tense, and enjoying a foretaste of the bliss of immortal 47 THE SHAKER. and angelic life. Sin is the great obstacle, hiding from mortals the beatitude of the heavenly spheres. It veils from us the glorious future, as well as depriving us of present happiness. ' Be ye perfect, even as your Father in heaven is perfect.' Not so much what we now are, as what we may, can, or must be— the ultimate of good works. Now, to arrive at perfection of any kind requires time and growth,—not an immediate effect, but a gradual change, step by step, or from one degree to another. A true Christian character is attainable only in regeneration—being born anew, born of God, in which state or condition a soul ' cannot sin, because thejr are born of God. We progress by and through faith. ' Faith,' we read, ' is a gift of God '—seed planted in the soul, where it must germinate, mature, and perfect. Man lives by faith until he can obtain something better to subsist upon. Experience or knowledge is more reliable and substantial than faith. The latter is only ' the substance ofthings hoped for, and an evidence of things not seen.' Hope leaves a convert in expectation, not really in present enjoyment. For, according to the Apostle, ' we hope not for that which we see and enjoy.' Have good regard for the consciences of men, wherever they are, and respect the sincere, devotional worship of all persuasions, whether Mohammedan or Christian. Sincerity will commend the soul to God. It is the heart God looks at. ' He is no respecter of persons, but in every nation he that feareth him and worketh righteousness, is accepted of him.' ' Pray without ceasing,' saith the Apostle. How can a man's thoughts be constantly in prayer? By being constant in Christian duty. Af kindness, deeds of charity, hands to work, and soul to God—these form the most effective prayer, as well as the loudest preaching. Prayer, to be effectual, must be fervent —nothing doubting. 'The effectual, fervent prayer of the righteous availeth much.'