To the Dear Shakers of Enfield, N. H.: My visit with you, my dear friends, has been pleasant, and I trust, very profitable to me spiritually. When I reflect upon the general appearance of your Society, and recall the candid expressions of happiness and content, together with the inspired instructions given me, bearing upon the eternal principles of life, I think no real seeker after truth can fail to recognize the high-toned intelligence, the urbanity and purity of character exemplified among you, without having a desire to advance in the scale of being to a purer and holier life; aspiring to combine ail the best attributes of humanity in a true life. I feel to tender my heartfelt gratitudo for the kind attentions received among you, and I would that all who come into your circle might receive from you the baptism which I received. Although I am in the world, surrounded by all classes of minds and diversities of character, perhaps I can do some good in proclaiming the good tidings of saving power, vouchsafed to your people. Though not in form like your order, I have long been familiar with the exercise of dancing in spirit, or, as it has been denominated, ' dancing before the Lord,' and holding sweet communion with departed saints. The field is broad in which many are rejoicing in the reappearance of God, as manifested through Jesus. And generations yet unborn shall rise up to be glorified in the true worship, as manifested through the Shakers— a life worship. I am often shaken, to prove that God is spirit, and must be worshipped in spirit and in truth. After leaving jour place, we spent several weeks with our friends in Boston, Fall River, and in the Connecticut valley, and in each place all Avere interested with the account of our visit to the Shakers. Some of my Spiritualist friends expressed a fear that they should lose me out of their ranks; but so far as principles are concerned, I believe true Spiritualists and Shakers to be nearly synonymous. Your books will have a faithful perusal, and ' The Shaker ' shall have a free circulation. May the white-winged angel ever wave peace and prosperity over your beloved communit}^. Your friend, Eliza Blossom, Middle Granville, N. Y.