The Shakers BY SAMUEL HOOSER I often heard of Shakers, while in my native land, That they were a deluded, a blind bewitchingband; Such awful news was spreading1, too horrid to relate, How wicked they were acting, in the Ohio State. At length I went among them, to see how they went on, I quickly was convinced that these reports were wrong; I found them such a people as I had never seen. So bright, so pure, so holy, and much opposed to sin. I often heard of Zion, but now I've found the place, The city that's adorned with truth, and love, and grace; My heart was struck with wonder, to find such gloi-y there, Where all was peace and union, without a single jar. I found Pd got to Zion, where saints and angels dwelt, Such piercing streams of glory my soul had never felt; This is no place of darkness, but one eternal day! Here doubts and fears are banished, and Satan cannot stay. I cried edien to pleasures of every other kind, I'll give up all my idols, and leave the world behind; I've found the blessed people, with whom I'll bear the cross, And count all earthly glory but vanity and dross. Here is the holy fire that burns all sin and shame! The guilty sons of Babel cannot endure the flame. I'll shout eternal praises to Zion's King and Queen, That I have found a gospel that saves the soul from sin. O why was I so stupid, to stay away so long! And labor in confusion, with Babel's mixed throng But since I've found the city where Christ in glory reigns, I'll bid adieu to Sodom, and all its dismal plains. Salvation here is flowing, from sin and dross refined! I'm willing here to tarry, and leave my lusts behind, I feel my soul united to this despised flock ; Let earth and hell oppose us, we're safe upon the rock. Though persecution rages, we'll boldly shout and sing, We shall be safely guarded by Salem's conquering King; Amidst all tribulations, we feel our love increase, Altho' the world may hate us, in Zion we have peace. Sweet union here is rolling, all through this happy place; Hei-e flows the crystal fountain, and God unveils his face; Fair lilies here are growing, that never fade nor die; No other ground produces such fruits of peace and joy. How blessed are the people who are admitted in, And dwell secure in Zion, delivered from all sin! Their joys are still increasing, their songs are ever new, They love their great Creator, and all their brethren too.