Shaker Cemeteries BT OTIS SAWYER ' Why do Shakers appear to have so little respect for their deceased members ? Why do they neglect to furnish them monuments, and bedeck their graves Avith flowers, shrubbery ? etc.' I answer : First, living objects of charity—those who cannot wait for remembrance—are all around us; those in the grave do not suffer. Secondly, we abominate idolatry; and such 'cities of the dead ' as Mt. Auburn and Greenwood are the fashionable institutions of idol worshippers. Money is lavishly, wickedly spent thus, while the living poor have not where to lay their heads, or wherewith to appease their hunger. We do not believe in a physical resurrection, nor that our dear departed lie in the ground; neither will they ever have need to use the decaying mortality again—this having subserved its purpose, as an old, worn-out garment, it is laid aside forever. We look to those mansions, ' eternal in the heavens,' for those we loved on earth; for 'in my Father's house there are many,' agreeable to the condition each has attained unto in the great work of salvation. When assembled at our funerals, the souls of our departed loved ones often make their presence known, and their voices chime with ours as we sing: 'And when I am called to leave earth, so fair, O chant not a mournful refrain; Let angelic music float free on the air, Count all earthly losses my gain! ' We are sorry to part Avith loved gospel companions, but we do not foolishly express our soitoav by mournful habiliments and badges. We mourn only for the 'dead in trespasses and sin'—for those who, having tasted of ' the powers of the Avorld to come,' turn back to the ' beggarly elements of the Avorld'—for these we sincerely mourn. We never shock our oavii nor other souls by singing, 'Hark! from the tombs,' etc., for Ave seek in no such place of ' rottenness and dead bones' our needed inspirations. We need erect no monuments to bear witness what we wish to remember of them; their virtues are engraven on our hearts as perpetual reminders of good examples. Our graveyards are simple, yet unostentatious. They please our spirit friends, Avho visit us, more than would an intemperate display of marble. Virtues are more enduring than granite, and in these our faithful friends have laid up treasures that are safe from moth and rust. We believe in decently interring the mortality of those who are happily released from the troubles of earth. A plain slab, Avith name and age, mwks the spot. Mother Ann Lee's grave differs not at all from those of her surrounding children. We advise that the various appropriations now uselessly expended on cemeteries, should be used for the elevation of the downcast, homes for the destitute, and for charitable and religious purposes generally. Then would humanity be honored Avith lasting remembrances, and angels delight in the resurrection of the people from dead icorks to living shrines,—from the honoring of the dead to the association of the living. We die as did Jesus—unto sin; like him we are daily crucified—unto the world ; we realize a present reAvard with an increasing happiness. With him we are enjoying life eternal; and if, like his, our earthly grave should be unknown', no harm will accrue to any, nor should Ave care.