Address of Antoinette Doolittle TROY, MARCH '2i, 1872. A renowned preacher came to the conclusion, many years ago, that ' there was nothing new under the sun ; nothing but what had previously been.' We recognize the law of cycles, but are disposed to believe that some new things occur in each successive cycle. It is rather a new thing for Spiritualists and Shakers to meet in con- vention ; but we hope this meeting will not be in vain. We do not see any reason why a season like the present may not be one of interest and profit, if Love is our guide, Truth our aim ; and we ' abide in Faith, Hope and Charity, that beautiful trinity of graces which, when woven together, form a strong cord that cannot be easily broken.' There is great power in Love, and strength in Truth. Error is weak, fragile, and must eventually be shaken by Truth, and be broken in pieces. We cannot do anything effectually against the truth; but when we work with it, then are we strong. It has been said, and ivell said, that ' theol- ogy is not religion.' When any human soul pours forth its best treasures, gives its best and truest feelings in devotional exercise, in prayer, in song, in speaking of the things which pertain to the kingdom of God, or in the joyful and sacred dance, whether they be Roman, Greek or Jew, such offerings ascend as sweet incense unto spheres celestial, and are treasured as memorials there. Theology points in different directions, is diversified; like a ' trumpet giving many and uncertain sounds.' Religion is the language of the soul, it is one with goodness and truth. Religious aspirations go forth seeking the fount where sin-dyed garments miiy be washed from every stain, and be made white and clean; for the divine elements which give life to the soul, will bring it into harmony with Angels of purity and love. Religion is the product of a spiritual baptism, which, as at the Pentecostal feast, fills the soul with the fire of truth, resulting in jractical works of righteousness, producing unselfish love, and teaches that the best and strongest proof that can be given of love to God is, loving and serving our brother and our sister who are with us in the daily walks of life. Is there anything more needed at the present time than an increase of the Holy Spirit saptism ? And is not the present a good time ;o seek, that we may find it ? Let us resolve ;o walk hand in hand with ' the spirit that is able to lead into all truth.' Then, if our patlnvay, at times, lies through the thorny maze, or we pass through the furnace or the flood, ' as our day, so will our strength be.' Many pilgrims have journeyed on before us, who are now marching the streets of the Heavenly Jerusalem, in the spirit land, with palms of victory in their hands, and crowns of glory on their heads. Spiritual philosophy alone cannot satisfy the soul's needs; we want, we must have the very life and spirit of it, that will make new creatures of us; will mould and fashion us into the image and likeness of those beautiful spirits which we so much love and admire. We need not wait until we put off the mortal coil before we bask in the sunshine of God's redeeming love, and enter into rest. We may, through faith, prayer and self-sacrifice, bring the summer-land to us. We are complex beings—have two natures. The love of goodness and truth belongs to the higher—the Angel nature. The love of pleasure, derived from the sensuous and animal, without regard to principle, and the law of use, belongs to the lower, the inferior part of our being—whichever we serve, that becomes our master. When under the influence of gross passions, the senses—hearing, seeing, smelling, tasting, feeling—all become perverted. But when we turn from low and selfish loves, to the divine of our being, then the senses become refined, and we begin to understand that beautiful saying, ' Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God.' And we enter into communion with the spirits of the higher spheres. We hear angel voices— they gently lay their hands upon us, and pronounce benedictions over us. They feed us with the bread of heaven, and give us to drink of living waters. Pure breezes come to us, laden with the fragrance of flowers which bloom in celestial gardens. The music of the heavenly spheres breaks over our spirits, as the waters of the deep cover the bodies of those who plunge beneath the swelling tide. When we are fully baptized with the Christ spirit from the resurrection Heavens, we hunger no more for those things which the natural unregenerate man and woman feed upon, contend for and glory in. Our desires and appetites are changed. By the light of divine revelation we perceive new truths—feel new life and power. We put off the old corrupt deeds committed in darkness and ignorance, by confession and repentance; and give new pledges, that henceforth our deeds shall be wrought in the light—in God. This is the Shakers' method of getting a new heart—of being born again—changing the life and character. This is not the work of a day—but a progressive work from faith to faith, accompanied with good practical works. And there is nothing more needed to-day than living faith, actualized. There are many beautiful ideas and theories in our time; but many have been so fearful, that they should depend on their own good deeds instead of imputed righteousness'—that the golden rule of doing unto others, as we would that they should do unto us, is a thing of the past, gone out of date—and become obsolete, except with a few old-fashioned people. But nothing can be truer than the saying of the Apostle James, that ' Faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone,' Whatever is honest, true and just, pure and of good report (in angelic circles), should have a place in our thoughts, and take form and shape in practical works. But we are now living in a time that is fraught with great events; every day and hour has its history. Scientists, Rationalists and Spiritualists are all at work. A new cycle is opening upon us. Present revelation is solving mysteries of the past, unlocking the doors of the spiritual temple in the inner spheres, where all the prophecies of the ages past, given by Angels, through saints and seers, pointing to the present and future work of God upon earth, are treasured without human alloy. The prophets of to-day are penetrating those spheres and searching the records there. Timehonored theories, ecclesiastical dogmas and priestly rule cannot stand before the advancing light of the present time. The old theological heavens are passing away with a great noise, caused by the conflict between the old and new; but the fan is in motion that will blow away the chaff. The ancient Prophets and Apostles, who did their work in their time and have gone to their reward, but whose doings and sayings were recorded for the benefit of their pilgrim brethren who should follow them on life's journey, cheerfully lend their aid to the toilers in the field to-day. Their sympathies fire with us, and their eyes are upon us. Every cycle has its prophets—as guiding stars; and they are the burning candles of the Lord to light the spiritual temple on earth, for the time being. When they have done their work, they will pass away; but the candlesticks will remain, and other lights will be placed in them. Are there no new cycles in the spirit spheres ? If we could look into the interior spiritual heavens at the present time, we should see mighty forces at work there. The male and female are conjointly working in unison with the dual Godhead for the redemption of souls who are out of the body. The heavenly harpers are attuning their harps anew: singing a new song: for the marriage of the Lamb is come, and the hosts of heaven rejoice. The celestial fires are rekindled, and scintillations have found their way from heaven to earth, and are kindling a fire here that will not be easily quenched. The good old prophet Jeremiah, who stands in the first rank among the ancient prophets, looked through his spiritual telescope down through the ages to our own time and saw, 42 THE SHAKER. with a prophet's eye, that there would be ' a new thing in the earth. A woman should compass a man.' The spiritual is not first, but is preceded by the natural. And already on the natural plane, ' a sound of going in the tops of the mulberry trees ' has been heard ; and woman has caught the sound, and is gathering her forces for battle. She feels that the time is fully come for her to work; to battle against error, and to aid in pulling down the false and building up the true. Many fears are entertained for the safety of woman who engages in this work ! It is said, ' she claims rights and privileges that would be imprudent for her to possess; that already she is growing bold and venturesome.' But it must be remembered that man has the start in the race some thousands of years, and it will require some energy and will-force to overtake him. Now, Jeremiah was either a true or a false prophet. If true, his prediction must be fulfilled some time. The question is, when, and in what way ? Perhaps when that prediction is fulfilled, we shall be better prepared to understand the ' great wonder that appeared in heaven,' seen by John, of the Isle of Patmos, clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet.' Think of it. ' A new thing in the earth,' and ' a great wonder in heaven,' which must have been a new revelation there, or it would not have been a wonder. The admirers and worshipers of Paul do not like the idea that woman must help roll forward the car of progress ; they would much prefer that she should continue to ' learn in silence of her husband at home, with due sub- jection.' We will say, ' Peace to the ashes of the dead.' We will not contend with Bro. Paul for aught that he said or did, in his time, but will venture to say, that his day is over, as far as the woman question is concerned. His counsel in that respect does not meet the needs nor demands of the nineteenth century. Man has worked unaided by woman's influence in many departments of life, through a long period. We will not say that he has not made progress. But now, a new era has dawned, and woman is called into the field to act her part; and as well might we undertake to bring back the years before the flood, the antediluvian period, as to change the course of events, or bind the spirit that is moving in this respect! There are times and seasons in God's providence, just as much in the spiritual as in the natural; and we must work according to his designs and his time. We do not go forth and scatter our seed over the land with the expectation that it will germinate, and grow and produce a harvest, when the cold breath of winter is upon us, and the snow-capped hills and ice-bound streams tell us it is neither seed-time nor harvest. Then how important is it that we watch and strive to understand times and seasons, spiritually. Not merely ' watch lest we enter into temptation,' which is very essential, but watch the seasons as they roll around. Are there wise men and women, prophets and prophetesses in the ranks of the spiritua' Israel of to-day, who discern times and sea§ons, so that they understand what Israel ought ;o do ? Is the present a seed-time? If so, et us work ! ' sow the seeds of truth in the morning, and withhold not in the evening. Let us sow by all waters.' While some plant, others may water; but God will give the increase in his own time. The duality of Deitjr is, to me, a beautiful :dea ! To feel that we have a loving mother in Deity, who watches over, loves and cares for her children, and feeds them from the great spiritual store-house in the heavens, touches a chord in my heart, and causes a thrill of J03that nothing else could do. As long as we have all male Gods in the heavens wo shall have all male rulers on the earth. But when the Heavenly Mother is revealed, and is sought unto as freely and confidingly as the Heavenly Father, then will woman find her proper sphere of action, and be able to fill that sphere. Under the guidance and direction of Wisdom and Love, she will work effectively against social, moral and political evils on the natural plane of life, and help to elevate the race. Then, when the Spirit calls them to leave the generative plane, and rise into the resurrection Order, to commence a new and purely spiritual life, on the Pentecostal Church plan, it will be easy for them to become brethren and sisters in one heavenly communion, breaking their bread together, spiritually and temporally. And, having their hearts and affections purified, they will begin the song which will never end, and join in the dances of them that make merry—being filled with holy rejoicing, that they are able to conquer the world in themselves.