Parable No. 3 BY R. W. PELHAM Vicarious Atonement.—Jesus a Surety. There is another phase of vicarious atonement, presenting man as a debtor, instead of setting him forth as a criminal, guilt)1of capi- tal offense. Paul speaks of Jesus being made 'the surety of a better covenant.' We will here give the comment of the famous commentator, Dr. Gill, who thus explains : ' Christ is the surety of the better testament or covenant. Heb. 7, 22. The word signifies one that draws nigh. Christ drew nigh to his Father in the counsel of peace, and undertook to be the saviour and redeemer of his people. [The Dr. seems to have been present at that counsel !] He substituted himself in their room and stead ; he interposed between the creditor and the debtor, and became surety for the payment of the debts of the latter, and so stood engaged for them and in their room. Christ is not the surety for the Father to his people, but for them to the Father, as to satisfy for their sins, to work out a righteousness for them, and make them happy [in their sins], which is an instance of matchless love.' To illustrate this view of the vicarious atonement, we set forth the following parable : M. is indebted to G., and becomes hopelessly insolvent, and prays G. to forgive him the debt, as he is rich and able to lose. Nay, says G., the debt is just, and unless you pay up, or give security, I will forthwith have you arrested and cast into prison, and you shall not come out thence till you pay the uttermost farthing. In M.'s extremity, the benevolent J. comes along, and offers himself to G. as M.'s 'surety,' and is accepted. G. then addressing himself to M., said, ' Remember, justice cannot be set aside. I have a thousand other debtors, or may have, and if I were to give way in this instance, they would all be on hand, wanting forgiveness. I will have my own, and I will either take it out of you or your surety ; when the debt is paid, you and I will be on good terms again.' But M. still pleading, says, notwithstanding J. is becoming my surety, I am nformed that he has failed, and is as poor as I am, and he proves the truth of this statement by the infallible word—the Bible—which declares that, ' tho' J. was rich, he became poor' (2 Cor. 8, 9), and J. says, ' of himself he can do nothing.' This being the case, you will have to forgive him, for when the principal and surety both fail, the debt must be canceled. I beseech you, therefore, to forgive me at once, and not trouble him, as he is innocent, and in reality does not owe this debt. Nay, nav, says G., eternal justice shall never be cheated so. I will let all intelligences in all worlds know that they may never hope to escape my justice ! Finally J. was arrested, and though he declared h_had not one cent more than to meet his own wants, and not even that without help, yet G. pushed the prosecution, till, in some mysterious way, J. was furnished with means, and discharged the debt. It is said that this mystery was revealed to a certain hierarchal order, self-styled orthodox, who professed great intimacy with G., who 46 THE SH^KEH. had entrusted them with a knowledge of his secret decrees. They stated that G., J., and one H. were joint partners in trade, the title of the firm being ' FatJier, Son, and Holy Ghost,' and J. was furnished with the means of paying the debt out of their joint funds, which, however, all belonged to G. Thus G., the great stickler for justice, secretly paid the debt himself in this underhanded way, in order to keep up a show of his inflexible character for justice. Many sensible people thought that the ends of justice would have been quite as well answered, and the ends of Jove and benevolence much better, to have forgiven the debt at once. But we have not got to the end of this matter. This G., who had hitherto been thought somewhat of a benevolent sort of person, being rather overstrained about his eternal justice, so as almost to exclude mercy, now began to develop a most malignant character. With all his bluster about justice, he himself violated her nature m the most shocking manner. After M., through his 'surety,' had paid the debt, and been discharged, G. had him arrested for capital offense, and without any formal trial, sentenced him to eternal torments. J. again plead M.'s cause, and again offered himself for surety. G. is inexorable ; says no surety is allowed in cases of capital offense. M. shall meet his sentence, or you, J., shall suffer the full extent of his punishment as his substitute. Justice must and shall be satisfied. Poor, merciful, sympathetic J. agrees to become a substitute of the whole race of M., and the inexorable, unforgiving G. accepted the offer, and as it reads, Acts 2, 23, J. was delivered up by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of G., and suffered a most painful immolation. His offer to do this was on the condition that the ivhole race should be saved. ' He tasted death for every man.' Yet G., after agreeing to this, only extended the benefit of J.'s substitution and suffering to a few select sinners, called the elect, but vowed eternal vengeance on ninetenths of mankind. Thus G. displayed his ' glorious justice,' by defrauding J. out of far the greater portion of those whom he had suffered and died to redeem. Such is the character which orthodox Calvinism gives to the infinitely good and wise Creator of heaven and earth—the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ.