Self-Examination BY ANNE ERVIN It is remarkable that in the New Testament there is no elaboration by the Apostles of this subject, which must present itself to the thoughtful Christian as one of the very first importance. A few, though very valuable thoughts are to be found scattered through St. Paul's writings, such as ' circumcision of the heart; ' to the Corinthians, ' Examine your- selves whether ye be in the faith ; prove your own selves; ' before any one come to the Lord's Supper, he urges that ' a man examine himself.' Neither James, Peter, Jude, nor John contains a word directly inculcating the necessity of heart-search. Yet all their teach- ings incidentally require more or less to give them practical effect. Nothing in the writer.'s opinion could better illustrate the essential distinction between our forerunners, the primitive Christians, and ourselves, than the fact that the former advanced doctrines which in themselves require a certain amount of selfexamination, but failed to see that a deep, vital, an intense and ever-increasing heartsearch is one of the essentials of spiritual life. But we, who are called to partake with our Lord of a continual feast, not of an external ommemoration of his death, but to partake forever of the same death, suffering, and joy; we who are called in very truth to be a royal priesthood, whose sovereignty is over death ; whose only acceptable offerings are those of a meek and pure spirit; whose treasures consist in the sweet graces of Christ; whose conquests are only of our own evil natures,—it behooves us surely with every energy we possess to search and diligently try our hearts, that we may progress in our high calling. For it is quite certain that never shall we rise in the resurrection, until we have thoroughly seen ourselves. Oh, what depths of depravity has every honest mind discovered within itself! What a distance between itself and the divine intelligence ! What depths of humiliation has every sincere struggler experienced from deep self-sight! But in the discovery of this depravity, in this sense of loss and of humiliation, there is promise of ultimate safety. It is certain that no one has found salvation without experiencing these sufferings. Now, to enter upon serious self-examina- tion, we have need to bring an intelligent understanding of the purpose of our work. We are called to travel out of death into life. Death is every moral evil which diseased humanity inherits ; life is purity, love, unselfishness in heart and mind. What a world of work is here involved for every soul! A lifetime, in which every thought and effort has been directed to this great work, is not sufficient to subdue every evil propensity of the heart. And unless we enter into the work with a single and simple determination to conquer, we shall not be likely to meet with much success. Surely then it is needful to strain every nerve to see our failings, because, until we do see them, we are unable to eradicate them. When we have seen that we possess certain failings, we must be ready to admit to ourselves that we do possess them. If we do not, we shall not grapple with them. When we have seen and admitted to ourselves our failings, we must devote our attention with all diligence and patience to eradicate those evil propensities. The single-hearted should not be impatient with themselves, nor should they be surprised if, with the honestest effort, they sometimes fail to come quite up to the standard they have set for themselves. Soil which has for a length of time been injured by bad tillage, needs care, skill, patience, to bring it to a crop-bearing state. There are some who bring to the gospel work, much of honest intention in many respects, but who, to excessive love of approbation, join painful incapacity for internal search. Now these persons cannot fail to be aware of this, and they should beware of themselves. Herein is their great cross. Let them thankfully labor day and night until they do really gain an insight of themselves. Let them keep before themselves the greatness of the work they are called unto. To these may appropriately be applied the saying of St. James respecting those who hear the gospel, yet do not its requirements, that they are like 'unto a man beholding his natural face in a glass; for he beholdeth himself, and goeth his way, and straightway forgetteth what manner of man he was.' Those who are endowed with a capacity to see and remember their own failings, are indeed greatly blessed. Let them be careful to improve to the uttermost this faculty. But ye, who are critical of the faults of others, I say unto you, awake ! This is not the work you are called to. Remember that the righteous scarcely be saved.' Those who are, with single purpose of heart, laboring to subdue themselves, looking neither to the right hand nor to the left, who 'shut their eyes from seeing evil' in others, but are constantly alive to their own evil natures; these, by constant internal search, toil and suffering, scarcely be saved. Where then shall ye appear, who are occupied in observing how little others are carrying out the principles of meekness and godly fear that ye are neglecting ? Remember that the angel Michael, that bright and perfect being who is striving to perform his Work upon you, dared not to bring a railing accusation against Satan, when he contended with him. Oh! remember that true self-examination will produce that fervent charity which will close your lips from speak- ing aught against another, and will save those who love you the painful sight of beholding you very bitter against others for the failings which you possess in even a greater degree. Remember, if you possess the Spirit of Truth, he will search out for you the thoughts and intents of your own heart; that he will pierce you even to the dividing asunder of your soul and spirit. But alas! how many gain a glimpse of surface light; how few penetrate the interior !