The Cross BY DANIEL ORCUTT What is the cross ? or wrhat is there in the cross which is objectionable ? Let us see. Of all who present themselves as candidates for heaven, it is required that they become peni- tent for sin, poor in spirit, humble as a little child; that they deny self, crucify the flesh, set the affections on things above, hunger and thirst after righteousness, forgive enemies, and submit to persecution for Christ's sake. Yea, the whole man is to be brought under new influences, to be governed by new principles, and to live for new ends. Self-denial, selfdiscipline, and self-conquest are made indispensable prerequisites for the kingdom of heaven. This is the cross. It stands in the path of life. Christ is the way; there is no other way; there can be no other. To proceed in that way, we must embrace the cross. The cross is irksome and disagreeable only to the carnal mind; it is its nature to be so. By bearing it, a man shall see and know what he is. To neglect the cross is to neglect all; it is like going to the feast without the wedding garment, or like going forth to meet the bridegroom without light, and without oil in our vessels. We may try to substitute something else for the cross, but it will be all in vain. As long as we continue unwashed and impure, we are unsafe. Thus reads the proclamation : 'Except a man deny himself, and take up his cross, he cannot be my disciple.' The Saviour has conquered and reigns. We must conquer and reign also. No one can enter the kingdom of heaven, unless he be a disciple of Christ. But no one is a disciple who bringeth not forth good fruit. Observe, it is not the person who hears or believes the word, but the doer, that is, the prudent and wise man. It is folly to try to cany the world and bear the cross together. The elements of the world cannot be united with the cross. Such a union is declared impossible by the gospel, of which the influence, doctrines, tendencies, and final issues are contrary to the maxims, prac- tices, and interests of the world. The Christ has pronounced the decision, 'No man can serve two masters.'