''What Induced you to Join the Shakers?' BT ELIZABETH H. WEBSTER 'T was not that I might win a name Among1 the gay and fair; For earthly flatt'ries are but tame, They'll vanish into air. Nor to enjoy the transient bliss The child of pleasure knows; 'T was not a selfish cause as this, That so much good bestows. 'T was not for ease or wealth I pined— Enough of all I had; I heard that constant toil I'd find, In '^Jhaker land so sad.1' I thirsted for the ' living spring ' Whence true enjoyment flows ; Its little streams did comfort bring— I'd seek it where it rose. I longed to gain the heavenly grase, That dwelt in Christ, our head; That strengthened him to ' grow apace,' And raised him from the dead. I saw him suffering, meek and mild, Yet bold and firm for right; In agony, whilst others smiled, And watchings all the night. I saw him cast earth's honors by, Reject the offered crown ; And with his Father's will comply, Nor pomp, nor splendor own. ' My kingdom 's not of earth,'' he said, And proved it by his life, As on the altar all he laid, Nor murmured at the strife. I heard him when his mother came, Her much loved son to see, Amidst the gathering crowds exclaim— ' My mother—who is she ? 'T is such as do my Father's will, My friends and brethren are; ' These are the ones my joy doth fill, To me they're dearer far. I heard him called a friend of wrong, For teachings such as these; I saw him lashed with cruel thongs, Nor would their wrath appease. I saw him his disciples meet, Ere yet his hornhad come, And thus with tones of love entreat— 'Be followers of the Lamb.' I've looked around with anxious eye, Far o'er this wondrous earth, To find those who theni3elves deny, And follow him in truth. One seeks for gold, the miser's trust, With eager, panting heart; Another worships mortal dust, Nor gives to Christ a part. Another, though of Christian name, Still follows his own lusts; And while he worships still the same, His good my soul distrusts. Bright beings I could round me see, Of gentleness and love; By nature clad their souls must be, Not ' wisdom from above.'1 But where are those who battle long, With anger, pride and sin; And fight with courage bold and strong. Their foes that lurk within ? I heard of spirits who had fled From thoughtless scenes of earth, And in the life which Jesus led Praised him with joy and mirth. I found this holy love embraced ' The Brotherhood in one; ' They ' dwell in love,' as Christ has said, And ' by these fruita are known.' Their faith and works together blend, To make the whole complete, Nor idly dream that faith will lend, A robe for glory meet. In Christ-like purity they dwell, And keep a conscience clean; Their blessed Lord they love full well, And honor Zion's Queen. The virgins in the dance rejoice, Old men and blooming youth, And daily praise, with solemn voice, The God of love and troth. These are the ones, exclaimed my soul, Who walk with Christ in white; Whom purity and love control, And they are God's delight. But when I saw how high they stood, And still how very low. How great a price they pay for good, How few the straight way go,— I shuddering, asked myself, can I So great an offering make, And be content to daily die, My Saviour's yoke to take ? •'A fire I kindle,'' Jesus said, ' Which will the house divide,' What though the dross be there consumed, The gold is purified. But who can paint how great my grief, When those I loved, reviled; And sent me forth, a bruised leaf, My fondest prayers denied! My babes in mercy to me spare, The ones for whom I live; And let them have the tender care My fond heart loves to give ! Who will their little griefs assuage, And comfort in distress, And teach them in their infant age, Plow to forgive and bless? Alas! a mother pleads in vain, The vow to love 's forgot; But strength from the angelic train Comes whispering, 'fear ye not.1' But can I bear reproach and scorn, From those who once have loved? Can I be thrown, a worm forlorn, Upon the Best Beloved ? O, can I share the humble lot, Of those so poor and low, And like my Master, have no spot Of rest while here below ? Can I endure from all to part, My loved and valued friends; And drink, though with a bleeding heart, Of every cup he sends ? The same good spirit that shed light, Now spake within my breast; And gave me strength to choose the rieht, Where I find peace and rest. The conflict's now with inward foes— I'll kiss the chastening rod; My part I'll bear of Jesus' woes, My all I give to God. Though sorrows rise. I'll never fear; The ' goodly pkakl ' I've found; 'T was this, my friend, that brought me here, On consecrated ground.