Woman's Rights 'WOULDST -THOU RULE? RULE THYSELF.' Genesis, in, 16. Evidently in this text is the voice of nature; even those must admit who deny its being the voice of nature's God; and fearfully has the prediction been fulfilled, as physiological researches abundantly prove. 'And thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thce.' This sentence shows, that 'in the beginning' man did not rule, at least, in whatever it is herein declared he shall; and farther, that the transfer of rule was the consequence of woman's desire. Fortunately for the skeptical, experience as well as science comes to the aid of revelation in proof of this. The maiden still rules; the wife must serve. The transfer of rule continues with the continuance of the curse. Now, since the necessity for man's reproducing his kind upon the earth, could alone necessitate the difference in sex, and that difference alone, makes it necessary or even possible for either to rule in any general sense, it follows, that the rule spoken of in the text must have reference to the procreative function. And since the duties of maternity must necessarily restrict the action of the female; and those of paternity as necessarily leave the male unrestricted; it follows, that whatever should subject the female, in any department of the animal kingdom, to male rule, must be productive of disorder. And if, with the logically admitted power in the ruler to govern the ruled, we admit a desire in the ruled to be governed, we shall begin to comprehend the force of the text. Shall we admit this, and thus easily account for the disorders of society; thus easily solve the 'm3Tstery of iniquity '—' take away the vail from the face of all nations ?' Shall we accept the scriptural account, in so far, at least, as to admit that depraved denizens of the spirit world found means to poison the mind of our first mother with the virus of illicit desire, thus corrupting the streams of human life at their fountainhead, and greatly multiplying the sorrows of earth as a natural consequence? We of the Shaker order do admit this ; do believe it to be the only logical clue to the unraveling of the ' mystery of godliness.' We believe that the human race, in common with the animal, were indued in their creation with instincts, laws, powers, adequate to their preservation in health and happiness; that the fact that mankind have not been so preserved while the animal has is incontestable proof that these instincts have been followed—these laws obeyed—these powers employed by the latter, according to the design of the Creator, while by the other, they have not; and that to the difference in their habits alone, is to be ascribed the dif- ference in their conditions. And since the principal difference in their habits relates to the procreative right, we can but conclude, that herein is seen the principal cause of the physical degeneracy and moral depravity of the human race to-day. That herein is seen 'the root of the trees which the Father hath not planted; ' and what woman complains of, low wages; monopoly of business pursuits; injustice of the laws ; being deprived of the franchise, etc., are but legitimate branches; and only by applying the axe at the root of the evil trees, can she reasonably expect the branches to wither. And thus believing, we easily see the necessity for the second appearance of Christ, or rather, the manifestation of the Second Christ, ' the Comfortor,' in her own order, to restore to woman, not only her long lost rule (of herself), but a power in addition, enabling her to preserve and employ her charms in a far more noble cause than that of generation (noble as that is when con- ducted in an orderly manner), to wit, in that THE SHAKER. of regeneration. And here she has no cause to complain of the usurpation of her rights by the man; for the life of purity which, following Christ in the regeneration necessitates, places them precisely in the relation of brother and sister, where they are alike mutually dependent and mutually independent. Doing away with the ' trouble in the flesh,' and bringing, oh, how abundantly, the blessings of the Spirit! And all who will, may come and partake of the waters (blessings of this kind) of life freely. But, plead not for your rights, 0 woman ! so long as you voluntarily surrender them. Dream not of liberty, so long as you desire to be a slave. ' Wouldst rule? Rule thyself.' North Union, 0.