Let us Seek Health! BY G. B. AMERY In this day of light and knowledge, any attempt made to attribute bodily ailments, such as headaches, disorders of the stomach, and nervous debility, to some unknown cause, is justly regarded as unfair; and if, as some claim, that in their special case it is not to be avoided, do they not judge that the Lord is dealing very partially with them ? Has the Lord intended that we should be sick ? Has he, by a fixed and unalterable decree, determined that we shall have the headache, be sick unto death with dyspepsia, or has he decreed that, in obedience to his laws, we shall enjoy health ? Let us not evade the issue. Our profession is to do God's will. If it is not his will that we should be sick, let us either ascertain for ourselves or from others what law we are transgressing, and sin no more. Has any one ever traveled out of the lusts of the flesh without experiencing at the commencement of their travel an awakening of the low and sensual desires of that ' serpentine nature?' We think not. Those who desired deliverance from it, being tormented with it, readily embraced the testimony against it, and accepted the means placed at their disposal to overcome it. Count it not strange that they who are not convicted should be indifferent, but the testimony against the lusts of the flesh convicted many of its sinfulness and impurity, who at first were thoughtless. ' The whole need not a physician,' said Jesus. Those who through improper eating or drinking were made sick, and who earnestly desired health at any sacrifice, would eagerly accept any course of diet which would give it; and such, upon their restoration to health, would, of course, have an experience and testimony THE SHAKER. 51 to give to others, and doing as ' they would others should do to them,' whenever they meet one afflicted as they had been, would naturally proffer their advice, whether it was accepted or not. If one who has been dyspeptic sees a brother or sister eating or drinking that which caused nauseating sensations in their experience, is it wrong for them to state to the sufferer that abstinence from that article of diet removed the feeling ? Having been a confirmed dyspeptic, miserably sick day and night, and through abstinence from certain articles of diet, and fasting at times, measurably diminished the inordinate desire for food, and rid myself of the sickness—enjoying reasonable health as I do, is it strange that I should firmly believe that others afflicted in the same manner that I Avas, may be cured by the adoption of the same means ? Many, when approached upon the subject) say they don't believe they could do without this or that article. Believing where we can know, is weakness. And feeling that we cannot do without, what science and the experience of others prove to be hurtful to our health, is only an evidence of our abject servitude to a depraved and unnatural taste. To put the matter plainly, it is letting our appetites (lusts) tell our minds what they intend to do, instead of our rational faculties deciding what is lawful and for the best. No one will get out of the flesh without suffering, nor need they expect to get out of any evil without tribulation. Any one so bound to any article of diet, as to be unwilling to sacrifice it, if economy and health demand it, is certainly (according to the degree of their opposition) a slave to appetite. Christ's gift of healing was thought to be a great one; but as the ability to live without sin is superior to all the ' carnal washings,' so is the gift to keep icell superior and more to be desired than any gift of healing, which, if sickness be a ' transgression of law,' could onby be temporary in its effect. As lovers of truth, and desirous of progression, let us have a keen testimony against lusts of every kind, being assured that ' truth alone prevails.' Whitewater, 0.