Items of Interest We are in receipt of glowing accounts of Shaker meetings, held at Portland, Me., Farm- ington, O., and Albany, N. Y., with the Spiritualists and others. While we are thus giv- ing the multitudes thousands of invitations to investigate our principles and examine our lives, such vituperative articles as are occasionalty seen, entitled ' Shakerism Exposed,' must fail of deceiving many, and do us much more good than harm. Nothing could please us better than to have thousands inquiring, ' Are these things so ?' and then come among us, sift us to the foundation, and realize as we do how truly God does cause 'the wrath of man to praise him !' From our ' Outlook '—whence we seek to read ' the signs of the times'—we behold true spiritualists in a very advanced condition of theology, which demands of them an advance in purity of life that appears very much like Shakerism ! Whether this is an optical illusion or not, remains to be seen. We anticipate on the part of these a congregation in cities and villages, where they can yield each other consolations under the cross. We are aware of some who testify to us their entire abstinence from fleshly lusts; and soon these are destined to 'flow together,' inform each other, and experience, measurably, the eternal, celibate, angel life, which will fit them here for the companionship of angels there. If we are mistaken, then we are prepared to witness the phenomenon of very bright ' stars falling from heaven ' into the corroding practices of earth—spiritualists (?) fulfilling fleshly inclinations, and failing to walk according to the call of the Spirit. * Elder F. W. Evans and a noted lecturer and reformer have been writing each other letters upon some living issues of the day. We have put these in tract form, and are ready to send them, post paid, per doz. 25 cents. The worldly principle of mateship finds no sympathy in Shaker testimony; we believing that brethren and sisters in Christ are without distinction or preference in each other's estimation. A circular, lately issued from this Office, has the names of the leading officers, male and female, of the Novitiate Orders at Watervliet, N. Y., and Mt. Lebanon. 'To the pure all things are pure;' but in our absence of knowing who alone are pure, we acknowledge an over-sight on our part in departing the counsel of 'shunning the very appearance of evil,' thus giving the impure a desired opportunity of expressing themselves, whose pardon we now beg ; for we should have been in better business. * Excerpts fkom Letters.—'Please change my P. O. address from-----to-----; my husband don't like The Shaker, while I do, and will have it.'' s. b. 'My son is greatly interested in the Shakers. As I cannot let him go to them, it will be a pacification for him to have The Shakes.' ** jdobbs' FEEBY. 'The greatest thing the Shakers have ever done for the world is the publication of The Shaker.' j. M. p. 'Not peace on the earthly plane, but a sword, is the effect of The Shaker in my family !' k. Elder II. L. E. writes : I sought to have a neighbor subscribe. He replied: 'Do you think I am fool enough to create a disturbance in my family by subscribing for The Shakes?' '1 have read The Shaker attentively and noticed it in The Era, and I must say if there were not so much cross and self-denial in its instructions I should be almost persuaded to become a Shaker !'' COL. J. T------N. '' I had thought that when 1 departed this life I should part with the world j but The Shaker has convinced me that unless I get rid of the. world before I die I shall be burdened with more of it there than I have here. What is the world ? Let as reflect.'' S. R. W. 'Let The Shaker unfurl its whole self. Either you must come down to us, or we must come up to you. Amen.' b. 8. Troy, ST. Y.