Self-Government BY D. A. BUCKINGHAM To wisely speak and rightly act, In no case deviating, Require deep thought, much caution, care. Perhaps some hesitating. For he who ventures out to Sea, Tho' in a course well beaten, Keed oft observe the Polar Star, The point of compass taken. It is a work of nicest skill To rule one's self completely, Bay after day, year after year— In all, perform discreetly. He who his tongue would govern well, Must first control his passions; For most assured, the latter are The ' stepstone *' to expressions. Talk not too much—speak not in vain— Beware of little errors; Like Jesus, overcome the world, Yea, face the •' King of Terrors!' What tho' our natures plead for ease, And for indulgence prattle, The Cross of Christ will limit these, And hold us to the battle. Jesus, our guide and pattern too, Sought not his own will merely; He lived for higher purposes, And wrought redemption dearly. He gave his life of carnal birth For Life that is eternal, Inviting all to follow him, And with him reign supernal. ;Tis not the noisy winds nor waves, Tornadoes, avalanches— That make our hearts harmonious blend, With inward, heavenly dances. The sturdy oak may stubborn stand And face the storm and thunder; But the willow bows most gracefully, And lets the winds pass over. Soft words do more to quell the foe Than volleys of vexation; Speak kindly then, and thereby show We abound in good sensations. For, from the heart the mouth doth speak, The tongue doth utter phrases, Some little spark of strife, when lit— Oh ! what a flame it raises ! The still small voice—the voice of love— Kind looks, and speeches pleasant, Will heal the wounds misfortune gives, And happily the present. 'Twill rend from social life distrust, Discord, and cold embraces. Make desolation teem with life, With joy and smiling faces. Then Heaven will not yonder be, Above the clouds, and hidden, But here on Earth, the Kingdom's come, In which all souls are bidden; The lame and blind, the deaf and dumb, Xo sex nor color slighted, A glorious Jubilee to all— And Heaven and Earth united.