'What is Truth?' ' When Pilate had said this, he said to the Jews, I find in him no fault.'1'' The multitudes of theories seeking to answer this question, find expositions, such as they are, in the various theologies of the day. These theologies form the most monstrous Babylon ever existing. The majority are professedly Christian; but instead of converging toward each other into the Christ life, which is ' the way and the truth,' ' no fault,' a diverging from the principles of truth are continually consummating. We propose the burning of all the so-called Christian theologies, and substituting the simple, faultless life of Christ as a guide— this is all the theology needed; relieving us from the necessity of clerical leger- demain, pulpit wrangling, and the vast expense of that branch of colleges and academies used for theological purposes. The popular, pettifogging education of the priest never yet made truth more apparent. The agility acquired to twist the scriptures in this or that direction, never yet had a savory influence. It has been used, rather, to interpret to the masses what the original does not mea,n; to quiet the conscience of the people, thus preventing a revolt against sectarian errors. Truth has a living expression. Christ is that expression. Whoso lives as Christ Jesus did, will be a living representation of truth. Is there any doubt how Jesus lived ? None. But no sooner did or does the cross appear, than its unpleasant application is excused by the introduction of a theology that teaches an evasion of the truth; and the exemption of every carnal taste from the cross, rather than its application, is popular Christianity to-day. Every step made in this direction will be repented. What did Jesus answer to Pilate, that so suddenly convinced him of Christ's life being the embodiment of truth, and caused him to exclaim, ' I find in him no fault?' We believe Jesus implied in his answer to the question: ' What is truth ? ' that it is ' the eternal relinquishment of error.' Are we seekers of truth ? We learn it in Christ's life— ' seek ' it there, ' and you shall find it.' Had we no theologies, excepting the life of Christ, represented through the medium Jesus, where would this affect us first ? 'If any man would be a disciple of truth, let him do as I have done— follow me.' To the rich man he said: ' If thou wouldst be perfect—truth, without fault—make others to share in all that you possess.' How this truth would cross the multitudes! But they have theologies that excuse them. What next ? ' Be virgins ! ' 'I am the Resurrection ; my children do not marry! the children of this world do marry, but as I am not of the world, so as my followers you must not be of the world.' (John xvii. 16.) ' The angels do not marry, neither will those who live like the angels.' (Luke xx. 85, 36). How simple the testimony, yet how unplatable the cross ! Back fly the apolo- gists, to a command given to the first man Adam and his followers; and refusing to see the two orders—the flesh, generative, and the Spirit, resurrection above the flesh —fears for the extinction of the world's inhabitants, conjoined to an ardent desire to prevent such catastrophe, soon form a theological excuse from becoming angels just yet, and again, the senses preponderate truth, the life of Christ; and the more effectually to blind the eyes of the truthseeking, the once Church of Christ, which began its career by making brothers and sisters of husbands and wives, is prostituted to the reversal of this rule, and glories in making ' children of this world' of those who should be the ' Children of the Resurrection '—Christ—Truth. We believe Christ actuated Jesus to an entire relinquishment of unchaste, lustful manipulations, either individually or sexually. Some ignore the marriage bond, who do not truth in their lascivious practices. Just so, some, in their illuminations of truth, discard the 'private property' error, while they indulge every other. Some see truth in freedom from war— peace—yet enter a disclaimer if asked to put away the lusts that are the cause of war! Do such seek truth ? The desires for fleshly lusts, for private property, for martial glory, banish truth, and when these are banished, then will truth appear. Were Jesus, under the influence of Christ, to enter the various places of worship, witness the fashions, the rich and poor; the libertine, the military heroes ; husbands and wives, representatives of millions of private property, together with a theology concocted for the purpose of their continuance, we believe he would feel a holy indignation, that, though it might not call for a scourge of small cords, yet would he rouse the congregations to the truth, that sooner or later they must face the testimony : ' Whoso would be my disciple, let him follow me; I am the way, the truth and the life.' *