Christian Home Missions BY RUTH WEBSTER While reading in the Golden Age of March 23, the account given by Marie Ladreyt of the child labor in England, I had no doubt of the correctness of her statements. Every feeling heart must be grieved at the bare recital of such deep degradation and misery on the one side, and the utter depravity and brutality on the other. We have just rid ourselves of chattel slavery—that incubus which was fast sinking the nation into ruin, and which was enough to make everj* true American blush for the honor of his country. But American slavery is civilization and refinement compared with the condition of many thousands of children in the factory districts of England. But we need not go to England to find sufferings and objects of charity ; to find work for philanthropists and reformers; for though we have done much there is still much that remains to be done. There yet are untold sufferings in this counrry. Who, that having lived in our cities, but has been pained to see the extravagance and luxury of the rich, and the abject poverty and degraded condition of the poor ? It is true that many philanthropic individuals have done nobly; having given largely of their abundance for bettering the condition of the needy. But does this reach the root of the matter ? Is it not like lopping off a branch here and there, while the tree still grows and bears its bitter fruit? Our friend Marie, after having faithfully delineated the vast amount of misery it costs to earn wealth and procure luxuries for a small minority, more than hints at the remedy. She asks, 'Is it strange that Communism finds so many advocates, and that it gains ground so rapidly in all countries ?' I suppose, of course, she means the rapid spread of the doctrine—the idea; for it is no where practically carried into effect except in the United States. In the regular progress of mind, we must first have ideas and then practice ; and it is an encouraging fact that the idea of Communism is so extensively being embraced. But can Europe, and England in particular, do nothing in the mean time to ameliorate the condition of her poor outraged and suffering children ? England ! who sends missions to christianize China, Hindostan, the Isles of the Ocean, and to the ends of the earth, while there are millions in her own domains, more degraded and worse abused, than in any heathen nation on the globe. Yet she claims to stand at the head of the civilized nations— boasts that she is the bulwark of the Protestant religion ! It is well to call it protestant, for certainly it is a protest to Christianity. Out upon such Christianity—such Christians ! ' Why call ye me Lord, Lord ? ' Shall we advise her to send missionaries to humanize her suffering children ? Of what use to preach, or try to instruct them in their present condition ? If they had a passport to the Kingdom, they would barter it for a loaf of bread, or a bottle of whiskey. But are these really the heathen ? Are not those who oppress the poor ; who rob the hireling of his wages to fill their own coffers, that they may live in splendor and revel in luxury—-are not these the heathen ? And I had almost said paupers too; for they are a non-producing class, living on the earnings of others without a just remuneration. But what use of knowing these things—of having our sympathies awakened, unless we can do something for their relief—unless we can apply a remedy ? If every thing has failed heretofore to reach the case, suppose we try something new? At least new on the other side of the water. It has already been tried on this side to a limited extent, and, as far as it has been practiced, it has proved effectual. There can be nothing valuable gained without self-denial and the cross, and these are what mankind do not naturally love. The times call for self-sacrificing souls, that are willing to suffer and bear and do for the advancement of the race. The remedy for this vast and growing evil cannot be reached in any other way. Are not the devout every where praying: ' Thy kingdom como, thy will be done on earth as it is done in heaven ?' Is there heaven on earth ? Is not hell there too ? As one advances, the other must give way. We need a pentecostal baptism to relax our grasp on our earthly possessions ! There is land enough, and wealth enough, were it equalized, for every individual to have a competence, and every child property educated. Shaker Communism, we believe is a sure remedy. No member of the Community ever suffers for food, clothing or shelter; but mankind seem unprepared for so much self-denial. Let those over the waters, or on this side, who embrace the theory of Communism, organize and enter into the practical life which their theory calls for. If they cannot yet bear a full cross or deny themselves as far, or as much as Shafcerism calls for, let them come as near as they can, and thus test the truth of their theory, and the Shakers will bid them Godspeed. Let every one who has a heart to feel for down-trodden humanity, consider the subject and act upon it. Union Village, Ohio.