Correspondence Middle Granville, Nov. 15th, 1871 To the Dear Brethren and Sisters: Yours of the 29th ult. is duly received. I freely acknowledge my thankfulness for the good expressions therein contained; I am fully convinced that the standard of Right, Truth, and Divine Light among your people, is towering far above all emblems of Light, given under the seal of Church Policy, ignorantly sustained, through faith in sacrificial offerings of materialism and the shed blood of one body, with other machinations of Priestcraft, all under the sanction of a fighting Church. How aptly are they styled 'blind leaders of the blind ! ' how low, at the veiy base, of all knowledge of a God of Love and Truth; and how ignorant of the true resurrection of Christ, in the soul! His divine attributes are love, not hate, truth without error, light which expels all darkness, and charity without selfishness. I truly did enjoy that spirit of love and harmony which I realized among your people; it is a baptism I crave, for every moment of my life, but my surroundings are not always favorable for such enjoyment. While on my visit to the dear Shakers, in Enfield Conn., one }rear ago, I felt the spirit and power of God around and in me, realiz'ing the glory revealed through the baptism of Love. Recently, I was influenced to visit your Society, where I enjoyed, mingling in spirit with you, in the harmony and peace of your beloved circle, receiving new impulses to be good and true, to learn more perfectly the laws of myT being; and ' the way ' which is Christ, which leads me up the highways Oi progression, through green pastures and by still waters; unfolding to my spiritual vision new truths, and new beauties in the philosophy of life. I believe, however, that your position has not been comprehended generally, by the world. But in this dispensation, a new light has dawned upon the earth, that is revealing your true faith and practice. Its soundness is being tested by others, their eyes being opened to behold the light as revealed through the Spirit, I have not only a knowledge of it as given through signs, but, in a visit to you, where blending our spirits, the light is still more appreciated. I must confess I think the Shakers a little ahead of this dispensation, which has shone out upon us all, for profit. The marriage question and human rights in general, are having a fair and thorough appeal to common sense. God speed the time, when all the ingonsistencies of dark Theology shall have a renovation of character. Then we, Shakers and Spiritualists, with the Angels of God, can cry as of old, Away with such abominations; and let the earth rejoice that a better covenant is observed ; and humanity are being resurrected from darkness to light, through the second coming of Christ. THE SHAKER. 54 THE SHAKER 55 His footsteps are traceable back to the opening up of the dispensation, when the Shakers took a bold stand against all iniquity; and now through the different phases of spiritual developement among Spiritualists, the car is still moving on in which all, in time, are to be brought to a knowledge of the Truth, and its resurrecting power. I find the operations of the Spirit with me, are nearly allied to the exercises of the Shakers; not that I am free from sin and ignorance, but am striving for the higher life; and believe that unborn generations will grow more perfectly into this ' way,' and Shakers will be multiplied without number. I speak boldly and honestly my idea.s; and I declare, I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ; it is the power of God unto salvation* Sincere love to all, Eliza Blossom