Constitution and Bible DOCTRINAL FINALITY BY F. W. EVANS ' There is a spirit in man, and the inspiration of the Almighty giveth him understanding.' There is also in man a desire for doctrinal finality—a completed and perfected system ; like the village that was finished fifty years ago. In esse, this is right, as indicative of a time when there shall be 'no darkness at all' in the human soul, even as there is none in Deity. Perverted, it is forever concluded that the end of the journey, in pursuit of truth, is already reached. A man or woman who resists the tendency to a fixity which organization engenders, moving as the Spirit moves, increasing with the increase of God, creating the letter of the future, rather than being bound by the letter of the past, produces trouble to themselves and their organization. War—controversy, hatred, and persecution—follows in due course of time. Authority requires an inquisition to keep its subjects on the basis of creed and dogma, lest they substitute therefor the rock of Revelation. ' Woe unto those who are at ease in Zion,' who seek to escape the disquiet of continual investigations, occasioned by the influx of new truths. The Constitution! the Constitution! was the war-cry of the South. To it, the Spirit of Truth on the political plane daringly responded, ' What is the Constitution ? Who made the Constitution ? and the answer came back from the L 5O THE SHAKER. 'sovereign people:' We uttered the declaration of principles, and of independence of all Constitutional Governments then in existence; when the Conservatives replied, we will have and wage endless war, unless you let us have a Constitution that shall be a compromise—a covenant— between your Radicalism and our Con- servatisim, in which our ' Peculiar Institution,' and a few other peculiar things, shall be incorporated and protected; which covenant shall not be revoked, nor the Constitution amended, except by mutual consent; and that consent we will never give. Thus your declaration of rights and abstract principles shall never be practically attained, except by and through another bloody Revolution. That bloody Revolution came in due time, and the ' Peculiar Institution ' found no place in the now amended Constitution. Will the other peculiar things ever be removed withotit another, and another, bloody Revolution ? Or, will the Civil Government become, to the Church, as the moon to the sun ? and will the Church become as the sun, shining on and on forever ? The Bible ! the Bible! is the cry raised against Progress in the Church. But its living members undauntingly ask, What is the Bible? Who made the Bible? How many Bibles are there ? Did not God and Christ, and 'all truth,' exist before the Bible ? Again: Who translated these Bibles after they were made ? And history answers: As was the Constitution to the Declaration of first principles by the nation's fathers and founders, so is the Bible—so are all Bibles—to the sermon on the mount, and to the Pentecostal fathers of Christianity—to the simple declarations and statements of first principles by Jesus and his immediate followers, who finally gathered together in the Christ Spirit, and upon the foundation of those abstract, simple principles, in a Pentecostal Church, practicing celibacy, and holding in common all temporal property. It is well known that the Catholic Bible was formed by the Council of Nice 300 years after the events it purports to record had transpired. While the Protestant Bible, by king James, was a thousand years later coming into existence. The men who translated these Bibles (for no women have yet translated any Bible) were, as compared with men of our own time, ignorant of science. They believed in the Trinity, the Atonement, the vicarious sacrifice of Jesus for our race, provided they became orthodox ; the resurrection of the body, and that the earth was only 6,000 years from its creation out of nothing, and that by the mere fiat of will of a Being. To them God and the devil existed somewhere in the natural universe. One had a city made of all precious things that were grand and good; the other was in a pit, with no bottom to it, filled with brimstone in a state of ignition, like the crater of Vesuvius that never goes out. Would, or could, these translators fail to find, or to put into their Bibles, the irrational and absurd theological ideas of which they were possessed? That they did this, each affirms and demonstrates of the other. Jerusalem did ever stone her Prophets; and the Zion of the day was ever indignant whenever a new Zion was born. The struggle between organization and revelation is continuous unto the ' end of the world ; ' until all worldly elements are worked out of the organization, and God rules supreme therein. As Gideon said to the people, 'I will not rule over you; neither shall my son rule over you. God shall rule over you.' As the Christ Spirit passed from Elijah to Elias, so did the Christ Spirit pass from John the Baptist to Jesus. As a Jewish reformer and master, John had baptized Jesus with water, after his confession. But he had previously been inspired to know that, amongst those who came to him to be baptized, the Messiah would be made known to him by a certain sign; and, when he saw the Spirit of Christ as a dove, resting upon and abiding with him, he knew that the Christ had passed from himself to Jesus, and that he was to become the Messiah, i. e., to incarnate the Christ in his character; and then, as he was decreasing and Jesus increasing, he said to him, Comest thou to me to be baptized ? thou didst well; and I did well in baptizing thee. But now I have still more need to come to thee, and be baptized 'with fire and the Holy Ghost,' than you had to come to me confessing your Jewish sins, and being baptized with water, for I must confess all that the Christ Spirit has come to burn up. As the natural creation was progressive, so was the spiritual. The moral, spiritual, and religious nature of man was of gradual development in Noah, Abraham, Moses, and in Jesus. Their histories evidence that they learned as long as they lived. The Spirit in Noah created Bible, or record, for Abraham; perhaps only in the form of tradition. The Spirit in Abraham did the same for Moses; and Moses made Bible for the Prophets, down to Jesus; and Jesus made Bible for Ann Lee—' the Scriptures of truth.' Ann could read ; but she could not read the Catholic or the Protestant Bibles, nor any outward record. What a blessing! seeing that it made her the more dependent upon the Spirit—upon Revelation. And thus may each true Christian throw himself upon the rock of Revelation, and have all traditions, records, and Bibles broken to pieces. Because the first class of reformers do so much, shall the next class do nothing but ape and worship them ? The Christ Spirit in Jesus, declared that his successors should not only do the same works that he himself had done; but that they should exceed him in that respect. 'All truth ' must exist, before any could progress into it. In Noah's time, the millions of earth were sensualists; while he was perfect in his generations for 600 years. Abram, came into spiritual truth beyond all Mesopotamia ; being the father of a new people, who practiced self-restraint in generation, as Noah had done before him. Moses stood opposed to and by all Egypt in relation to the substance of the whole of the Mosaic laws and institutes. Jesus ' trod the winepress alone ; ' and Ann Lee was one of a company of eight only, to found the Gospel in America.