'Exhort one another to good Works.' Many, styling themselves, no doubt, Christian youths, are spending much valuable time in devouring the poisonous literature which is floating unrestrainedly through the land. Beware ! their word will eat as doth a canker, as many, made weak by it, can testify ; • their word,' whose highest aim is wealth; which aim they pursue regardless of the evil influence they exert, in obtaining their hold upon the innocent mind. Who was it that said not long since to a bright youth absorbed in reading a corrupting novel, 'I hate, abhor, those sickly, sentimental stories ? ' It was, I think, Pure Mind ! She also exhorted youth to more faithfulness in cultivating the better part of their nature, by reading such books as contain instruction for mental and physical improvement; she told them to study, and to meditate upon the thoughts and actions of the good and great, and to strive to emulate their example ; and that in so doing they would increase their internal beauty. Reflection and experience prove that more, of real value, is learned outside of books than inside of them. The bulk of mankind have to procure a physical and spiritual livelihood ; and it is obvious that those things are of the most value which tend to increase facilities to this end. Books are of value for two purposes : to train the mind of youth, so that they may be prepared to receive, with ease, ideas when presented to them; and that their minds may, by exercise, be rendered flexible, and capable of pursuing sustained trains of thought, and to increase in their powers of observation both of external and of spiritual things; secondly, to enable the mind as it comes to maturity, to receive with advantage the thoughts of others; that is, as an assistance to thought, not to give them a mastery over the mind. It should, however, be constantly borne in mind that reading should never be made the chief aim of life. It is necessary for the enlightenment of the understanding ; but the progress of individuals is the chief aim of life, or rather the only design of our existence. It being true, then, of those books, the matter of which is, in itself, good, that they should be used as a means and not as an end, it is clearly of the greatest importance for youth—a time of life when things which affect the imagination are generally deeply impressed on the mind—to carefully avoid everything which does not conduce to solid improvement. The mind is like the stomach : those who live sparingly on plain nourishing food, and take plenty of exercise, are invariably healthy; while those who diet is luxurious, stimulating and excessive, suffer from diseases of all kinds. Thus it is with the mind : reading that trains the mind, or brings to our aid the thoughts of others, as above stated, and thus nourishes thought in ourselves, is good J but that reading which merely excites the feeling, and increases or generates morbid fancies, a light and unsettled state of the mind, is bad to the last degree. Those minds which progress are always more occupied in thinking than in reading; and the healthier the tone of thought the more rapid the progress. Use books to sourish a progressive state of the mind, not to clog the brain with mental rubbish. Again: Reading of particular kinds, though proper for some persons, is not proper for others. Thus, those who have found out that their spiritual welfare is of more importance to them than their temporal, inasmuch as the former is for Eternity, the latter for time, will find that reading sufficient which assists the spirit to free itself from temporal influences, and to discover spiritual truths; but those who have not been fortunate enough to strike on this path, are occupied mainly with their own temporal welfare, or in the discovery of physical and intellectual truth. But those, whose time and talents are occupied in the discovery of means to rouse and stimulate unhealthy cravings for excitement of feeling in the young, are most viciously employed; a-*d the mind that admits their influence will certainly be injured. My youthful friends, there are abundant means within our reach for cultivating our being's highest good. Let us thus exercise the spirit of watchfulness over our minds, aad let us remember that the reading of exciting, vicious stories forms no part of the vocation of a Christian.