'Have the Shakers made a Mistake?' The Phrenological Journal for June, contained an article entitled ' Have the Shakers made a mistake?' and followed this question by an argument seeking to prove that Ann Lee never taught celibacy, but merely chastity in marriage; and the following remark is what led to our answer, appended hereto: ' We have not found, we cannot find, anything in history to warrant the inference that Ann Lee taught or practiced celibacy !' My Dear Wells : We have been so familiar in the past, who shall say our spirits may not consult matters of history, to-day ? You are in possession of the archives of mental and psychic forces. I may be supposed to know more of Ann Lee's history—and this renews the query, ' Have the Shakers made a mistake ?' I will not perpetrate a wearisome rejoinder; but let me ask if it is common for a class of individuals to become more radical than the founder of that class, particularly upon a point so adverse to natural inclination, yet so conjoined to angel nature as an entire abnegation of sexual coition ? Ann Lee was the leader of Shaker Societies in her day, but is not now. Yet, having improved upon some of the themes and practices of her day, we are only as strong on this, as she was. You give her large credit as a sensible woman ; too much so, you think, to inaugurate a system so unnatural as ex- isting Shakerism. Ann Lee never condemned marriage, but considered it the most honorable relation outside of Christianity! Her testimony was not only against coition, but her followers, upon uniting, enjoyed separate beds for the sexes. The Shakers admit the large good in marriage, when properly conducted— but claim that there is no ' kingdon of heaven ' on earth, in marriage. When the married die, they expect to enter into the ranks of angels, who are living just as the Shakers do here, being Shakers. We believe, they then will wish that they had learned angelic practices while here. Now, as to matters of history and fact, let us quote Ann Lee's own words. Daniel Wood and others testify hearing her say: ' Sometime after I had set out to live up to the light of God, manifested through James and Jane Wardly, I fell under heavy trials and tribulations on account of lodging with my husband; and as I looked to them for counsel, I opened my mind to Jane. She said: James and I lodge together, but we do not touch each other any more than two babes; you may go and do likewise. ' In obedience, I did so ; but could not sleep, seemingly, any more than if I had been on a bed of embers. I quitted the bed in tribulation, and continued crying to God in deep labors of soul, for the space of twelve days and nights, to know his will, and how the restoration of the fall should take place. While in this labor, I saw Jesus, in vision. He revealed to me the depth of man's loss, how it was accomplished, and how to regain lost virtue. Then it was I was made able to bear an open testimony against coition, from which the root of evil springs. Then I felt the power of God flow into my soul like a fountain of living waters. From that day to the present, I have taken up a full cross, not only against coition, but all the doleful works of the flesh! ' We live as Brethren and Sisters together, without any physical contact of the sexes, and keep a flaming testimony against individual lusts, and thus shun ' the very appearance of evil.' Present to us an individual, who, being married, and living under the most favorable circumstances of the reproductive sphere, who is happier or more heavenly than a thorough-going, full crossbearing Shaker, and I will reconsider the assertions, that Shakerism is the rudiments of the Kingdom of heaven on Earth ; and that Marriage never was, and never can be a Christian institution ! Yours, G. A. Lomas, Shakers, N. Y.