Answers to Correspondents ' Is marriage, as generally practiced, wrong in all cases?' We answer in the negative. Where there is no law manifested to the individual higher than marriage, let him practice it, Jesus answered this question very properly, see Matt. 19, 11. Some want and will have no higher law, until they are forced to do so; others, like the Shakers, seek to know God's will, and to do it. ' How does marriage affect the spirit ?' By bringing it under bondage to the generative order—the dominion of the first man— earthy; and by preventing its entrance into the Christian ranks, its whole being is consecrated, not in the service of the God of the Christians, but of the Jews, where marriage, war, private property and their consequences were and are popular. If you are a professor of Christianity, and adore marriage, compare your profession with 1 Cor., 7 chap. 32, 33, 34, and either repent, or join the Jews, and strictly keep the marriage laws. ' Is it wrong to work for an independence in riches?' No man has any right to be rich. The gospel teaches Christians to share alike. Whoever is rich, should know, one or many are consequently correspondingly poor. The gospel says to the mountainous rich, come down, and to those in the valley of poverty, rise up. The rich are still comfortable, while the poor are made equally so. Now take conscience and an eternity of reflection into the council, and our word for it, present and future heaven would demand a liberal division. ''' Do you require individuals to give up their money or other property upon joining ?&gt;J We do not, never have. Your information is incorrect. Individuals are welcome to retain property in their own right; but Society does claim, that while said individuals are enjoying its benefits, that the use or interest of their property shall be for the upbuilding of the Cause. No individual would desire to remain long in a society who had so little consecration that he meant to get what he could and keep it. This is world-like, not Christian. Send for a copy of our 'Brief Exposition'—Six cents. ' Why is it, that those who leave your Society are seldom or never successful after they leave it ?' Shakerism spoils individuals for worldly enjoyment, worldly ambition, etc. The fact is a notably true one, and admits of a larger illustration than we can now give. He who would be a Shaker should seriously count its cost. There is nothing terrible nor compulsory in the system. To its subjects it is all lovely. But he is a fool who, having been on the firm basis of truthful life, could expect to succeed with God's blessing, after forsaking the counsel of God. We know of no more pitiable case than a seceding Shaker— and they share our pity. * Subscriptions for The Shaker may begin with July Number, or with the beginning of the Volume, at the option of the subscriber.