Continence and Community BY R. W. PELHAM There are moral and spiritual truths, either discovered or revealed, which are as fixed and eternal as mathematical ones, and equally demonstrable. 'Ye cannot serve God and Mammon.' This aphorism, first uttered by Jesus over 1800 years ago, did not then begin to be a truth; it is a fixed and eternal verity. Beings in the condition of the human race cannot serve God with all their mind and might, as He requires, and at the same time give up their hearts and lives to the acquisition of riches. This is a truth that exists eternally and unchangeably in all worlds. This same truth has been again uttered in other words near the beginning of the 19th century by a modern poet: ' Within the human breast Two master passions cannot co-exist.' Mammon means riches, wealth; sometimes personified as the God or Demon of riches. The two conditions of mind, devotion to God and devotion to Mammon can no more co-exist in the human breast, than two parallel lines can cross each other. This repugnance of these two conditions, this impossibility with regard to man in his intellectual constitution and present moral condition, and the requirements of Christ's gospel, or the Christian institution upon him, is as certain, unchangeable, eternal and ubiquitous as any mathe- matical truth. Therefore, in order to be a Christian, a man must divest himself of per- sonal wealth. The brotherly love and perfect equality which eternal truth enjoins on Christians, forever debar them from personal wealth, and require them to support a joint interest, and to have their goods in common. The possession of personal wealth and equality of enjoyment are conditions forever repugnant to one another and to eternal truth. Therefore Jesus required the young man to sell all his personal possessions in order to gain an inheritance and treasure in the heavenly kingdom which he was about to set up. He required all others who would be his disciples. ' Whosoever he be of you that forsake not all that he hath, can not be my disciple.' The rule of Jesus in regard to property is, individual poverty and social abundance. The marriage relation is forever repugnant to equality of possession ; and this repugnance is founded in 'the eternal nature of things. If the young man had obeyed Jesus and made himself a pauper, he would have been utterly unqualified for entering the generative order and raising a family. And it was impossible for him to obey that other command of Jesus, ' Come follow me,' and at the same time perform the work of procreation. Jesus cannot be followed where Jesus did not go. The generative order necessarity requires separate interests, and the possession of personal property; and this, too, has its foundation in the very nature of things. Consequently, the generative is forever repugnant to the Christ order, which requires the relinquishment of all personal property. ' The flesh lusteth against the spirit, and the spirit against the flesh, and these two are contrary the one to the other.' The truth of this irrepressible conflict of flesh and spirit did not then begin to be, when it was first announced by Paul, but is eternal and unchangeable, and exists everywhere in God's universe when they come in contact. The order of the flesh existed from Adam to Moses, and from Moses to Jesus: Un- ceasing diligence was exerted to bring it into order and subject it to law. 'Divers wash- ings and carnal ordinances,' with many other restraints, were imposed by divine sanction, but all without success, as testified by the martyr Stephen: 'Ye do always resist the Holy Spirit, as your father did so do ye.' Thus, an experiment extended through 4000 years develops an unbroken testimony to the existence of an eternal truth—a fixed law— that the flesh alivays resists the spirit—that ' the carnal mind is not subject to the law oi God, neither indeed can be.' A fixed and immutable law of the generative order is to multiply and divide. Thus a series of successive divisions and separations of interest is continued. The fixed and immutable law of the regenerative order is aggregation—gathering together uniting in one till it reaches the whole brotherhood of man. The fleshly dispensation or procreative order, is that in which a man and wife become ' one flesh ' for the purpose of procreat- ing a, fleshly offspring. ' That which is born of the flesh is flesh.' The spiritual dispensation inaugurated by Jesus, is that in which a man ' forsakes the 52 THE SHA.KEK. wife,' and all fleshly relations, to become one with Christ in being spiritual offspring. ' He that is joined to the Lord is one in spirit with him,' and ' that which is born of the spirit is spirit.' ' To be carnally minded is death, to be spiritually minded is life.' In this aphorism of Paul, he again sets forth the eternal antagonism of the flesh and spirit. It is but the utterance, of a fixed, immutable and eternal truth—a truth which every one who has been made alive in the spirit, knows just as well as Paul. The antagonism between the flesh and spirit does not take place in the air, but in the human breast, and every spiritually minded man knows that this connict is irreconcilable—knows that his carnal, lustful, generative nature is not subject to the law of God in the Christ order, neither indeed can be—knows that he must keep up an unceasing warfare against it, at the peril of his spiritual life, until it is subdued. 'If ye be risen with Christ, seek those things that are above,'1'' where Christ dwells. Those counted worthy of this resurrection— those who have risen with Christ and live in his sphere 'above ' the flesh, neither marry nor are given in marriage. ' They are children of the resurrection order, who follow Jesus in the regeneration, and are exalted with him above the generative work.