O, Tempora, O, Mores! We are in receipt of very many letters that bewail the conditions of the sectarian world— of its high professions, yet poor practices ; of its advanced call to higher life, and from un- christian loves and lusts, with so small reply. The following, from a Rev. Dr., near Spring- field, Mass., puts the case, not just as we should ; but, we believe, fully as strong as his congregations will bear with him ; and we have no doubt, if he continues thus to preach, he will have to flee to the rocks and caves of Shaker homes for protection. His name is free to those interested. 'who are the infidels?' * * * ' The essential features of the testimony of Jesus are: That his followers must be of ' one soul and mind, and have all things in common;' and, ' that it is good for a man not to touch a woman.' ' The first will prevent temptations to stealing, cheating, prostitution, etc., lessen labor, do away with armies^ castles, war, police; so that there can be better education, better living, and more comfort for all. ' In the second, we find a prohibition to marriage, free love, fornication, and lust generally, as now found inside and outside of the marriage order; all must live as sisters and brothers. He that is already married, must ' lead about his wife as a sister.' ' The original says, not that marriage is honorable; but let marriage be (made) honorable ; that is, abstain from carnal intercourse even in marriage. The Catholics say : ' That the irrational, insane stupidity of carnal intercourse cannot be pointed out too clearly, nor condemned too severely.' Those who preach much of an all-good, all-wise Creator, must know he cannot love to see such miserable children as they produce; that they interfere with his right to produce the best. ' Even though I say it, so-called Christians who fail to live up to these two foundational doctrines, are infidels to Christianity ; hypocrites to the cause; liars in profession; sailing under false colors, and unworthy the confidence of the true believers in Christ. 'There are very many Eevs., who believe these assertions as truly as I do; yet none of us dare preach but a part of the truth for most obvious reasons. The Shaker is doing a silent, but terrible work to old theologies; and is the only medium I know of, that dares make known the whole truth, without the loss of its bread and butter, together with inquisitorial persecution.' D. J. M.