What Shall I do to be a Shaker ? At present, this is not a very popular question, but is nearly as much so as its syn- onym—' What shall I do to be saved ?' In answering either, we answer both; for if we are saved from doing wrong, we are in the enjoyment of Shakerism—if we are genuine Shakers, then are we saved. Shakerism purposes an end of sinful works : nor this only, for much that is good on the earthly plane, it rejects as useless to Angelic life. Not only does it save individuals from the commission of sin, but resurrects them to an exceeding godliness, than is possible while living on the earthly animal plane. It asks none to forsake any earthly good, until it presents somethingbetter of a heavenly nature, and thus it teaches souls to rise/row earth to heaven. We claim that it is radical Christianity. That it takes hold of our lives, moulds them anew, just as it reformed the Jewish nature of Jesus into a model for all Christians. The most radical Shakerism is simple, unadorned Christianity. The first is a monstrous system to 'worldly appreciation; but so is the last in its genuineness. What is popularly called Christianity does not resemble Shakerism at all; but what is called Shakerism, is a fae simile of thorough Christianity. Radical means root; and that which is Christian at its root, will inevitably produce Shakerism in its every branch. Let any Church remodel its creed in accordance with the Christ life—the pattern—and who will deny that its believing congregation would become a genuine Shaker Society ? And wherein would this congregation materially differ from the hosts of heaven with whom it hopes soon to consolidate ? Is the prayer— ' Thy will be done on earth, as it is done in heaven,' impossible of realization ? We know it is not. Let any individual attempt to live as nearly angel-like as he conceives an Angel's life to be, would he not resemble a Shaker in his daily practice ? Let him conscientiously investigate Angelhood ; compare or contrast it with his desires, inclinations, passions; and what is the result? Do the Angels eat, drink and are clothed ? Certainly. But they are THE SHA.KER. 63 very unlike this animal—murdering, bibulous, and fashion-loving race. Contrast what we know of the Angel diet with the same of the gluttonous worldling, or even of the commonplace Christian ! What an opportunity for improvement. Do the Angels use tobacco, imbibe the ardent, and dress a la Eugenie 1 Some may, but they are not Christian Angels; nor will good imitations of, present such features. Let us pursue. Arriving at mature years, those 'of the world3' marry; and who in the world will object to this ! Our question is, how will this compare with heav- enly practice ? How will the auditors of Ward Beecher and of most Revs, compare with the characters, as seen by the Revelator standing ' with the Lamb on Mount Zion ?' How would a Shaker practice compare ? How will the paraphernalia and fashionable gew-gaws of Chapin's, Cuyler's, St. Paul's or Trinity's congregations compare with the uniform of ' those who have come up out of great tribulation ? Let us be reasonable. Some believe, and teach sin to be a necessity. Is there sin in heaven ? In heaven or earth will there be any iniquity ? If heaven is ever realized here, which must change, the Angel life or the worldly life ? Is not their difference sin ? Christianity was the introduction of ' thy will be done on earth;' and Jesus, in obedience to Christ principles was the pattern of the new life. Whoso lives as he did, will bear the cross; will not sin, will not pervert, corrupt, nor be aught but heavenly. The same causes that made Jesus what he became, will regenerate us into the same results. These causes or principles will be like waves of progressive life, each advancing the individual adopting it, into an increased, heavenly altitude, or like the reappearing of the Christ Spirit in various cycles, making demands of us of further renunciation of the worldly and a deeper adoption of, and consecration to the heavenly. Do you ask : ' What you must do to be a Shaker ? ' In the usual, simple manner, I will answer: 1. Seek for a Christian conviction of, and sorrow for sin. Confess every wrong action, and renounce every evil consideration. Repent—solemnly promise to do so no more, and faithfully fulfill the obligation. Settle all indebtedness; if you have at any time wronged an individual, seek to repair the injury and accomplish reconciliation. 2. You are now a candidate for the acceptance of the Christ Spirit, and adoption of the Christ Life. Be as a Virgin henceforth; abstain from fleshly lusts and from lascivious thoughts. Had you a wife ? Now use her as a sister. Is she unwilling ? The Spirit never concedes to the flesh—stand firm. Are you persecuted? retaliate not, bear and forbear. Have you property ? Use this for the care of your unbelieving family. If your family is one in faith with you, consecrate your earthly goods where you and they have consecrated your physical lives, and from which cause you are enjoying a foretaste of an eternal pentecost. Yours is now an hundred fold, and in the life that now is, you are experiencing the entrance upon a new and eternal existence. Yours is an exceeding peace. ' The world ' will seem and really be beneath you; your companions of yore will not interest you, and the life of the ' old creation,' you will verily hate. You are becoming a 'new creature.' The life of the flesh renounced; a virgin character pronounced and adopted. All vicious habits rejected ; cleanly, temperate and healthful substitutes accepted—you are a Shaker in the first degree of Angelhood—be faithful, be patient, the next cycle will open upon you. Here is where all true Shakers should aim to arrive in this life—and many do. Others arrive where, in accordance with their renunciation of the worldly, and agreeable to their consecration to the cross of the Spirit—if these aie much, so is their gain; if not much, they are trifling with their gospel call, and tampering with inferior desires—and the consequences too often are, the backslider's career! Have we advised anything that Jesus did not, or would not, were he here ? Is there any unchristian performance recommended or the neglect of any Christian duty advised ? Have we proposed the abandonment of any relation that can continue in the heavens, or of any practice but ' perishes with the using ?' For wars of nations and of households, do we not give in exchange, peace ? For the generative life of the world do we not offer an Angelic resurrection ? In the extinction of the sexual works of the flesh, do we not present the fraternal relations of the sexes as found in Christ ? What becomes of the selfishness that was concentrated in self or found recognition under the title of Mine ? It is diversified over a very large household and is mine no longer, but ours. What takes its place ? An ambition to be an unreserved worker for the good of souls ; for their salvation, even as we have been and are saved from the commission of sin. No more reliance upon the physical death of Jesus, but upon the beautiful practice of his life—a life to God, and a death unto the world of sin. This is Shakerism. This is Christianity. This is the way we become Shakers, experience salvation, and enjoy a life eternal. Thus we are seeking and learning more truth ; and thus we measurably enjoy here, the Angel life—Christ's life. ' And let him that heareth say, Come! and partake of the bread and waters of life freely,' in our heavenly Father's and Mother's home. *