The Avesta—Fire-Worship— Baptism BY J. M. PEEBLES Man, made in the Divine image, is naturally a religious being. In all ages and under all skies, have been found symbols of man's faith and worship. The soul's better aspirations, ever tend heavenward. The most graceful and dignified people that we saw while traveling in the East were the Persians. They do not, as Christians have represented, worship fire, but consider fire a symbol of the sacred fire—the infinite light of the universe. Some of the religious books of the Parsees are exceedingly clear in statement, and spiritual in tendency. To thinkers, the 'Avesta ' especially is a most valuable work; enabling the student to compare its divine truths with those of the Vedas, the Koran, and the Jewish and Christian scriptures. . The Parsee religion is much older than Judaism, and has been considered by distinguised religionists, a purer faith. Their sacred books, aflame with inspiration, taught the immortality of the soul, the certainty of compensation, and the importance of purity of heart (rather than the sacrificing of animals for sin-offerings) centuries before these doctrines were prevalent among the Jews. At a time when the ancestors of the French and English nations were accustomed to sacrifice human victims to their sanguinary deities, the Parsees taught that heaven was attained only through repentance and purity of life. Though teaching the negative and relative eternity of evil, they also taught the final restoration of all souls, during the progressive period of the resurrection. There have been different opinions as to the age of Zoroaster. The earliest and best authorities upon this subject are the Greek writers. It is a suggestive and remarkable circumstance that all the Greek authors who wrote upon the Magi and the Parsee religion previous to the Christian era, put Zoroaster back to a period 6,000 years B. C. Xanthos, of Lydia, one of the first writers upon the subject, living about 450 B. C, was a younger cotemporary of Darius and Xerxes. He reckons, according to the statement of Diogenes of Laerte in the prooemium to his ' Lives and Sayings of Eminent Philosophers,' from Zoroaster to the time of Xerxes' expedition to Greece—about 480 B. C—6,000 years. Therefore Zoroaster would have been living at a period about 6,500 B. C. The philosopher Aristotle, and teacher of Alexander the Great, is very positive in his statement. He affirms, according to Pliny (Natural History, xxx, 2) that Zoroaster lived about 6,000 years before the death of Plato, 348 B. C, which would carry us to about 6,350 B. C. A similar calculation and statement was made by Eudoxus, distinguished for historic accuracy. Hermippus, of Smyrna, one of the most ancient authorities among the Greeks upon the religion of the Magi, lived about 250 B. C, making the Zoroastrian books the study of his life. This Hermippus, according to Pliny, was informed by his teacher, Agonakes, a Magian priest, that Zoroaster lived about 5,000 years before the Trojan war — occurring 1,180 B. C. This would take Zoroaster back to 6,180 B. C. The historian, Hermodorus, and other Grecian writers, confirm the above statements. The ancient Greeks all believed that Moses, living several thousand years later than Zoroaster, taught the Jews the magic he had learned in Egypt. It is quite evident that the Egyptians obtained their knowledge of psychology and magic from India and Persia. That there was a Zoroaster living in the time of Hystaspes, Darius' father, is not dis- puted. As Jesus was a common name in 60 THE S H _A. K E H . Syria, so was Zarathustra, Zoroaster, in Persian countries. There were certainly three distinguished persons called Zoroaster, the last living nearly a thousand years before the Christian era. Before us lies a volume rich in the sayings and dogmas of Zoroaster. Listen : '' Come from far and near and hearken to what I shall proclaim. * * * The wise have discovered that this universe is a duality. The maternal cause is double, having received from the Father matter and spirit. * * * Praise the creator Ahura-Mazda, the shining the very shining ! ' ' I will proclaim as the greatest of all things that one should be good and pure, praising only truth. Ahura-Mazda delights to hear those who speak for and further the good.' ' All that have been living, and will be living subsist upon the divine bounty. The souls of the pure attain at once to immortality; but the wicked have to undergo age-lasting discipline. Such is the rule of the wise AhuraMazda.' ' All Hail, to the divine Intelligence, which holds in itself the Word of excellence. All pure beings who were, are and have been, existed through it. The world is of male and female nature. Oh, let us put down our gifts of praise in the dwelling-place of the heavenly singers.' ' The heavens are a point from the pen of God's Perfection, the world is a bud from the flower of His Beauty, the sun is a spark from the light of His Wisdom, and the sky is a bubble on the sea of His Power. He made lmrrors of the atoms of the world, and threw the reflection of His own face on every atom.' The Mendai Ijahi of Persia, were by their countrymen, called Sabians, and considered descendants of Zabii, a pre-historic race. It is very evident that Jews and Greeks derived the principles of their ascetic philosophy from India, through Egypt and Persia. After the Jews had mingled with the .ancient Chaldeans, and the Persian 'fire-worshipers,' we find traces of the effects of it in the ceremonials of Jewish service, and also in such phrases as these : The 'camp of fire' in the appearing to Abraham—the 'flame of fire' in the Lord's appearance to Moses—the descent 'in fire' to give the law—the devouring of the Sons of Aaron 'with fire from the Lord,' because they offered in their censers, strange fire—the ' pillar of fire ' that went before the Israelites through the wilderness—'the fire' that the Prophet Elijah proposed to convert the Prophets of the god Baal; and, ' the sacred fire of the Lord,' that was ever 'burning in Zion.' In the apostolic period of Christianity—' our God is a consuming fire'—was a common term, symbolizing the destruction of earthly dross and the necessity of spiritual purification. Fire and water were used typically by all the ancient religionists of the Orient. The East was long the land of sign and symbol. No historian will deny that the old Brahmins of India, baptized at certain seasons in the Ganges for the remission of sins, supposing the waters contained a sanctifying quality. Hence, people flocked to the banks of this divine stream, even from remote Tartary, to be therein baptized. The Egyptians practiced immersion as a religious rite; they also bathed immediately after having touched a swine, considering themselves morally defiled by the contact. For a somewhat different purpose, they were baptized in the Nile as an act of reverence towards its sacred waters. (Herodot. in Euterpe, 47.) The learned Spencer, in his work on the 'Rites and Institutions of the Hebrews,' says: 'Not only was baptism practiced among the Jews, prior to the time of John,' but, he assures us, * that they borrowed it as they did circumcision from Pagan nations— for he adds—' among the Egyptians, Persians, Greeks and Romans, baptism by plunging the whole body in water, was customary to purify those who Avere to be initiated into the mysteries of the sacred orders.' ' The Christian father, Justin Martyr, not well versed in ancient history, yet seeing, or rather knowing that 'baptism was prevalent among the heathens,' accounted for the fact, by supposing that the ' demons invented it in imita- tion of the Christians.' This church father, and others also of that period, claimed in their ignorance, that the Hebrew was the original language of mankind. Max Muller and other noted philologists have completely exploded this idea. The Sanskrit of India, was a lan- guage much older than the Hebrew, as well as more rich and elegant in structure. No thorough scholar will dispute that baptism by immersion, was a very ancient rite— implying in different countries physical and moral cleansing—change of religious faith and practice—' a washing away of sin'—a 'putting off of the old man with his deeds,' etc. But for a pure, perfect, and sinless individual to have presented himself by the banks of the Ganges, Nile, or flowing Jordan as a candidate for baptism, would have been considered a joke bordering on blasphemy. On\y filthy bodies require outward washings—and only imperfect, sinful men need inner baptismal purifications—the descent and abiding power of the Christ Spirit. This, in the Evangelists, is called the ' baptism of the Holy Ghost,' or rather Holy Spirit, for Spirit is a much better translation of the Greek pneuma, than ' Ghost.' The Essenes, sometimes denominated Coenobite Ascetics, true to the principle of 'all things in common,' practiced the rite of baptism, clothing themselves in white robes after coming ' up out of the water.' This ceremony, considered by them a symbol of the washing away of a sinful nature, was preceded by a full confession of sin. This cross-bearing people, ever a center of moral force in the East, regarded purity as the only passport to Paradise. And, in harmony with the same inspiration, Jesus taught that 'the pure in heart shall see God.' It was the custom for Saviours in the Orient, to submit to the ceremony of baptism. India, Egypt, Persia, Phoenicia, Greece, Judea—all ancient nations had their Paradises lost and gained—their Millenniums— their Crosses—and their Saviours too, baptized with the Christ Spirit. The prophel Obadiah, with vision unsealed and soul all aflame with inspiration, said : ' Saviours shall come up on Mount Zion.' God is no ' respecter of persons, nationalities or periods of time.' There were many Saviours in the past. The good and the pure, are Saviours to-day. The influence of angel ministry is to elevate humanity. The tendency of the spirtually minded in all ages has been from grossness to refinement—from promiscuity to chas;ity—from chastity to holiness—from holiness ,o divinity. This is 'growing in grace,' traveling from Adam to Christ.