Daniel and John BY F. W. EVANS ' The superior will govern,' were words spoken by Ann Lee. He whose right it is to reign, will reign in the end. God is above all. The spiritual is 'superior' to the natural, even as cause exists before effects. And, as a ' little leaven leaveneth the whole lump,' in process of time, so will the Christ Spirit, ultimately, leaven the whole mass of humanity. It goeth forth conquering, and to conquer. The highest class of spiritual religious people, in any day in the past, were as Moses expressed it to his Israel: ' The Lord did not set his love upon you, nor choose you because ye were more in number than any people; for ye were the fewest of all people.' As a priesthood to mankind, and as a prophetical order, how could it otherwise be ? The Jews were a royal priesthood, commissioned to teach the nations of earth important radical principles. In Israel, as in every other nation, an order of Prophets and Prophetesses existed, as ministers of the Christ heavens, few in number, and a far more numerous order of Prophets and Prophetesses were inspired by the gods of their people, tutelary divinities. As a priesthood, Israel performed the office of instructor of babes to the Gentiles in the most efficient manner. When its national organization was entirely broken up, its national priesthood disrupted, their religious ministrations abolished, the daily sacrifice taken away, the feasts and solemn assemblies suspended, the temple destroyed, and the people themselves transported into foreign lands, their missionary work to mankind was only the more decidedly successful, and powerfully triumphant. But the glory thereof redounded almost exclusively to the honor and glory of the Hebrew God. Moses, the greatest of the early Hebrew prophets, accomplished the national organization of his people ; created the Levitical priesthood, and established it upon the foundation of the national existence. Consequently, it stood in its original integrity ; it became corrupted, it rose or fell, was pure or impure, as the body, of which it was the head, was holy or unholy: it was always 'like priest, like people.' The Prophet was the fountain, the priesthood the cup, from whence the people drank; and sometimes the people filled that cup from their own fountains. Thus, when Moses, the Prophet, was up in the mount, communing with the God of Israel, receiving from the highest spiritual source to which they had access, the ten commandments, written by spirits on tables of stone, as the basis of all succeeding laws and statutes to Israel, and having left the whole nation in charge of the Levitical priesthood, and under their legitimate ministration; 'when the people saw that the Prophet delayed to come down from the mount, to inspire and guide the priesthood, the people gathered themselves together unto Aaron, their priest, and said unto him, ' Up, make us gods which shall go before us; for as for this Moses, the man, or Prophet, which brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we know not what has become of him.' ' Now Aaron had made a molten calf of the offerings of the people, and said, These be thy gods, 0 Israel; and they sat down to eat and drink, after the manner of the people of the land, and, like them, when the feast was over, they rose up to commit fornication.' Moses knew nothing of the defection of his people; but 'God said to him: Up, get thee down; for the people which thou broughtest up out of Egypt have corrupted themselves. Let me alone, that my wrath may wax hot against them, that I may consume them as in a moment; and I will make of thee a great nation.' When acting as a Christ Prophet, and under its inspiration, Moses was not only above the Jewish king and priesthood; but was superior in governmental dignity and official supremacy to the God of Israel, who was himself but a subordinate or tutelary divinity. Yet was Moses, at that time, the meekest man that there was upon earth ; and therefore did he not only resist this appeal to his ambition, but became a minister of the Christ Spirit to the Hebrew divinity, by which he pacified his anger, and allayed in him the spirit of revenge. Thus it is recorded: 'Moses besought the Lord his God, and said, Lord, why doth thy wrath wax hot against thy people which thou hast brought forth out of the land of Egypt with great spiritual power and mighty physical manifestations? Wherefore should the Egyptians speak and say, For mischief did he bring them out to slay them in the mountains, and to consume them from the face of the earth. Turn from thy fierce wrath, and repent of this evil which thou hast devised against thy people;' for they are still better mediums than any other nation to work through—better material to build with. Should you take my posterity, they also would come to the same state, and develop similar conditions. For the attainment of your object, the final redemption of the race of man, you can do no better than keep hold of this people. 'And the Lord repented of the evil which he had thought to do unto his people.' And when Moses went down from the mount, 'he saw the calf and the dancing; and Moses' own anger waxed hot; for he was only a medium of the Christ Spirit, which was not incarnated in him, nor incorporated in his own personal character. Moses had not thus attained; he partook of the spirit of his God ; and in his wrath— the wrath of man—he threw down the precious tablets ' written with the finger of God, and break them beneath the mount.' Then he took the calf which they had made, and burnt it in the fire and ground it to powder, strewed it upon the water, and made the children of Israel drink up their own God. And the Levites went in and out from gate to gate through-, out the camp, slaying every man his neighbor, and every man his brother and companion, until three thousand men were slain. The remainder were plagued all their days because of the calf which they had made; for the Lord had said, Whose ever hath sinned against me, him will I blot out of my book. And all the people saw a cloudy pillar stand at the tabernacle door when Moses entered in, and God talked with him face to face as a man talketh with his friend. This caused Moses' face so to shine, that he put a vail over his face when he appeared before the 58 THE SHAKER. people. And the cloud of the Lord was upon the tabernacle by day, and fire was on it by night, in the sight of all the house of Israel, throughout all their journeyings. The practical result of all this was, that Israel took possession, by means of a spiritualistic warfare, of all the land of Canaan. And it was only when the nation sinned after the manner of the people of the land, that the heathen were able to carry them away into captivity. And even then, under the law that tie superior will govern, they became a power in the midst of their enemies. As Joseph was raised up in Egypt to be its chief ruler, under Pharaoh, so in Babylon we find the captive Daniel, by the same agency, raised to power in the civil government. His spiritual gifts were superior to any which the magi, soothsayers, astrologers, or wise, scientific men of the nation, who held him in bondage, were equal unto. Thus Daniel and his fellows attained to almost supreme authority in Babylonia, the most mighty nation then upon the face of the earth. Being chosen to stand before the king, he and his companions carefully observed the Mosaic law of diet, subsisting on pulse, with water for their only drink. With this fare, the Jewish captives proved to be 'in matters of wisdom and understanding, ten times better than all the magicians and astrologers that were in all the realm of Babylon; and Daniel continued unto the first year of Cyrus, king of Persia, who conquered the kingdom of Babylon.' The means by which this influence was attained and maintained for so long a period is worthy of critical examination. Principles are eternal. And the Millennium, of which Daniel so plainly prophesied, is a possibility of the race illustrated in his own history, to be ultimately effected by the same spiritual agencies that were employed by David to secure his ascendency over all the opposing influences in Babylon. His foundational principle was vegetable diet—conscientious religious observance of the laws of physiology. He was also strictly obedient to his spiritual guide—the Christ Spirit. He feared and obeyed God rather than man, as a Prophet, and assumed the consequences. It was the rulers of a great national organization, with its legal enactments and penal laws, versus the enslaved Prophet. The king dreamed, and required the magi to interpret the dream. ' Tell thy servants the dream, and we will show the interpretation,' they said. But the king replied: 'The thing is gone from me; and if he will not make known unto me the dream, with the interpretation thereof, ye shall be cut in pieces, and your houses shall be made a dunghill. Tell me the dream, and I shall know that ye can interpret it aright.' Pleading for life, they declared, ' There is not a man upon earth that can show the king's matter. And no king, .ord, or ruler, asketh such things at any magician, or astrologer, or Chaldean. STone other can show it, except the gods whose dwelling is not with flesh.' This only made the king angry and very furious; and he commanded to destroy all the wise men of Babylon,' the captives of Judah included. But, when Daniel and his fellows prayed, the secret was revealed unto them by their ministering Christ Spirit. Then Arioch took Daniel into the king in haste, saying, I have found a man of the captives of Judah who will interpret thy dream and vision, and show what shall be in the latter days. Daniel saw the march of empires succeeding each other, and their varying characteristics, under the figure of a great image, made of gold, silver, brass, iron, and clay. The last of these, the toes of the feet, repre- senting many kingdoms and republics, instead of one mighty empire like Babylon the Great. And Daniel prophesied, that, in the days of these numerous kings and many republics, shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom which shall never be destroyed, but shall stand for ever, having broken to pieces and displaced all other kingdoms and governments. This power was represented by a little stone cut out of the mountain without hands, by spirit agency, like the tablets of Moses ; spiritual, not natural agency. It smote the image, as David did Goliath, and destroyed it. This dream is certain, and the interpretation sure. Thus the Jewish captives became great men, and rulers over all the provinces of Babylon, by means of Spiritualism, the mother of the sciences, and Daniel was constituted ' chief of the governors over the wise men of Babylon.' Is not this significant of the final triumph of the Christ Order, when the ' knowledge of the Lord shall cover the earth as the waters cover the sea? ' Thus ends one of the cycles, by which the great external Babylon, of which Daniel was contemporary, melted away, and was so subdued that Government issued a decree recognizing and acknowledging the Hebrew God as superior to any of the gods of the nations, being Lord of their lords, and God of their gods. The king, Darius, wrote unto all peoples, nations, and languages, that dwell in all the earth, Peace be multiplied unto you. I make a decree, that, in every dominion of my kingdom, men tremble and fear before the God of Daniel; for he is the living God, steadfast forever: his kingdom shall not be destroyed ; his dominion shall be even unto the end; for he delivered Daniel from the power of the lions. Of all the Christ Prophets, none had found that spiritual soul-travel, and incarnated the Christ Spirit into their individual personal character, ascended to the heaven of heavens, penetrated the Holy of holies—the Christ sphere—as John the Revelator of it. He stood in the gift and power of Divine causation. Daniel, like Moses, was on the external providential wheel. His vision related to the history of kings—a succession of empires on the outward plane, the earth— until the final consummation; when all were subjugated by the little stone; and the kingdom and the dominion, under the whole heavens, were given to the people of the saints of the Most High. Daniel begins with the external, and moves towards the spiritual. John begins with the Christ Spirit, and moves outward. He gives the history of the little stone taken from the spiritual mountain without human hands, from the time when it went forth conquering and to conquer, till the kingdoms of this world became the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ. Daniel was a Jew, holding civil office in the literal kingdom of Babylon, attaining and maintaining his position by natural-spiritual power like Moses, and applied to the outer, material elements of earth—its earth and water, its air and fire ; and over the animal creation. John was first a Jew, like Daniel, then a Christian— not of this world, its kingdoms or offices. The visions of John were of the physical, moral, spiritual, and religious history of man as a whole, from the beginning to the end; as such, they included Daniel's prophecies, as the whole includes the parts. Their visions dovetail into one another like body and soul; they duplicate and sustain each other in their minutest details, and in the most wonderful manner. The spiritual manifestations of Moses, although upon a grand scale, and affecting the destiny of thousands of people, infesting a whole nation with lice, and flies, and frogs; killing the fish, by turning the waters into blood; destroying man and beast by fire and hail; or enveloping the Egyptians in darkness that could be felt, were yet secondary to the manifestations through Noah, by which a whole world of humanity was at once destroyed. The spiritual manifestations of the present day reach down to the material elements more as in the days of Daniel, or as in the days of Jesus, who operated so largely upon human bodies as combinations of the elements of earth. While the spiritual manifestions which THE SKLA.KEH. 59 obtain among the Shakers, are first upon the spirit, affecting the conscience, then upon the soul, removing the causes of physical diseases in the mortal body, inculcating the law of ' Go, and sin no more,' by correcting all bad habits, and teaching to use all the elements of this present world as not abusing them.