The Christian's Sacrifice BY JOHN DODSON,—THE AQUILLA The gospel light began to dawn Upon Columbia's happy land, And many gladly hailed the morn, 'While more aloof did boldly stand. Aquilla and Priscilla's cot Stood near the ocean's surges wild; Peace and contentment was their lot, They had but one, one only child. The gospel trumpet reached their ears, And wakened up a sense of sin, Producing doubts, producing fears, They found all was not right within. They found they were from God estranged— That they'd been traveling into loss; From sin's broad path they now must change, To follow Christ, and bear his cross. The testimony, clear and plain, Which unto them was ushered in, Was, Christ has now appeared again, To save his people from all sin. The sanctuary to make clean, Immersed in Jordan's rolling main, Made fit to drink salvation's streams For sin, no more to thirst again. Confess, repent, the dross remove, Before the soul can entrance flnd To Zion's ark of peace and love, Or swreet contentment clothe the mind. All sin the soul must now forsake; All carnal ties must now break down; This sacrifice it now must make, Or fail to win salvation's crown. From sin, from sorrow now released, Walking in truth's straight narrow way, Aquilla and Priscilla's peace, No pen nor tongue can now portray. By love's pure river, trees of life Stand spreading free, and fair to view; Their leaves heal envy, hatred, strife, Their lovely fruits the strength renew. But, walking in this narrow way, A goal is reached ; they must be tried, The voice of God they must obey, And ofler up their only child. At this the mother shed a tear, The father's heart athwart recoiled; ' Can God of love be so severe, To part from us our only child ? '' ' O mother, dry those fruitless tears, Father, stand firm,' the daughter cries, ' The God of mercy 's not severe, This only breaks the carnal ties. The gospel day no more requires The blood of bulls, nor goats, nor men, But selfish animal desires Upon the cross must now be slain. ' Like Jephtha's daughter, I will not Lament for my virginity; But be contented with my lot, And live a life of purity. In heavenly joys I will increase, All vile affections prompt repel; I'll live in love, and joy, and peace, •So parents dear, farewell, farewell.'' Kow when this parting scene was o'er The parents found all worked for good ; Their sun grew brighter than before, On higher, holier ground they stood; No selfish passions filled their breasts, But universal love did reign. They felt for all who were oppressed With sin and sorrow, grief and pain. With faith in Christ, their lead, before, They press along their path with joy; They to the world look back no more, But prayer and praise their thoughts employ. They're verging to the heavenly land, Ready the summons to obey; Upon its borders joyous stand, While angels beckon them away.