Past, Present and Future BY ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE The longevity of some of the ancients, who attained to the great age of five, six and nine hundred years, seems a long period of time; especially, if we look upon the race of men, as more perfect then, than at the present time. We speak of the blissful Eden state; of man's innocence when he came from the hands of the Creator. This is well, if rightly understood. The innocence of childhood is beautiful; but it cannot be trusted like the positive innocence of mature years, gained by trial, and battling against temptation in its multifarious forms. There are persons with us to-day, who recollect distinctly when sailing vessels, or stage coaches were the swiftest modes of transit from continent to continent and over kingdoms and countries. Future generations will look upon those modes of traveling, somewhat as we look upon historic records of the long past. And since science has developed the power of steam, and the intelligence of man has systematized, tamed and made it subservient to his use, the desires of people to travel and visit foreign lands, have become so intensified, that we should need some hundreds of years to accomplish our designs if required to return to the modes of travel which our grandsires possessed. If we look upon the early history of our race, as in a childhood state, undeveloped, but possessing all the germs of perfect men and women, who, by progressive degrees, under proper guidance and instruction, would attain under the full stature of manhood, progressing in natural law pertaining to the rudimental sphere in which we live, and also learning more of the higher spiritual laws which relate to the soul's welfare that must guide and control it in the life beyond, then we can understand why the ancients needed so much longer time than the present generation to accumulate knowledge which, in a large degree, was bounded by their own personal experience; while we have the benefit of the accumulated experience of past ages added to our own. The progressive degrees of development have been under the control of teachers adapted to the condition of the people, and their powers of receptivity. Hence, the word of the Lord at one time, was not the same as at another; not that God, or truth changed, but lessons were given, as the people were able to receive. Wise parents in nature do not force a knowledge of the arts and sciences upon their children whose minds are weak and tender; but they give them such mental food as they can digest. Thus has it been with the Universal Father and Mother of all intelligences. How clearly we see this law in operation in the first epoch of bible history concerning man ; whether that history be correct, or not, the rule and deductions to be drawn therefrom, are equally true. Their first necessity was to learn to provide sustenance for the physical part; how to cul- tivate the soil, and gain an honest living ; anc in obedience to natural law and physical truth they received great blessings. The natural srecedes the spiritual—that is the law. When ;hey were sufficiently developed, lessons were 2;iven by degrees, relating to the immortality of the soul. Their condition was not the effect of violated law, but they were immature, [t would have been an impossibility for them to have received direct communication from Deity, as much so as for an infant to understand the science of astronomy. Tutelary deities were appointed to preside over them, who were not of the highest order of spirits, yet, so far progressed, that they were capable of imparting all the knowledge and truth necessary for the time being. The Angels Avho first began to minister to the people, were so near to earth, that it was difficult to decide whether they were veritable men or disembodied spirits. But, as the people grew and waxed strong, the ministrations to them were more spiritual and interior; and occasionally a ray of light from the inner spheres, which we call the Christ-heavens, where spirits dwell who are clothed with power to baptize souls with resurrection life, shone upon them. Only Prophets of the highest order were capable of communing with spirits from the inner heavens ; but they were sought unto by Kings and Princes. The King of Israel at one time, called four hundred Prophets together, that he might enquire of the Lord through them. The god of the Jews was a warring god; and he purposely put a lie in the mouths of those Prophets to deceive the blood-thirsty King; and only one was found who prophesied truly, for which he was hated and consigned to prison. The more truth the Prophets possessed, the higher their Mediumship, the more they were feared, hated and persecuted. Thus has it ever been. Truth, and its defenders, have had to battle against error, as the prison, rack, and flame would attest. At length, under the law of progress, Prophets of the higher Order, were multiplied in the land. The Christ Spirit,—' the Rock,' which followed them in the wilderness, visited them and touched their hearts with the fire of inspiration and stirred the deep feelings of their souls ; and in a vision they saw the beauties of a coming day, and prophesied of a coming Messiah, who would be anointed King of Saints; and his throne be established in their midst, and he would dwell and walk with them. Thus, from age to age, the generations of men were prepared for higher degrees of spiritual truth; and in due time, Jesus the Nazarene, according to prophecy, was anointed from the Christ-heavens; and through the Medium of the Sonship, the Everlasting Father was revealed. And as Jesus became a Son of God, to as many as received him in his Father's name, he also baptized them with the same spirit and they became sons of God; all brethren of one spiritual famity. He gave to his disciples divine gifts, and empowered them to transmit the same to others. To Peter, he gave the keys of the Kingdom (the gift of divine revelation) ; that was a new epoch in the history of our race, when the Bridegroom came forth from his secret chamber. As it took centuries to fill the former epoch and prepare the way for the advent of the male Messiah, so also centuries passed before a way was opened for the Bride, the female Messiah to come forth from her closet where she had been concealed from mortal view. In the first Christian era, a church was founded upon a true basis, i. e., a Virgin Life, community of Goods, and Non-resistance. But there was so little love to just principles, and the love of earthly idols so strong, that the people ' gave their power unto the beast,' and Anti-Christ dethroned the true Christ, and himself sat in the temple of God for ages persecuting the saints. Civil and ecclesiastic powers combined to make war with the followers of the lowly Jesus, and a bloody reign ensued. While we bestow honor and praise upon those who embraced the Christian faith, for their firm adherence thereto, and willingness to endure torture, imprisonment and death, rather than violate -their highest convictions of right, may we not give some mitigating con- siderations to their persecutors ! They were defending the religion of their fathers, which justified war, and taught the law of retaliation, ' an eye for an eye.' The traditions which had been handed down to them were as sacred to them as the Christian religion was to its new converts. Viewed from our standpoint, in the light of the nineteenth century, they are not only reprehensible, but nearly allied to demons, deserving the tortures of the Calvinistic hells ! But there is a tribunal higher than man, where all things will be weighed and duly balanced. Would not the same intolerant spirit, even in this age of progress, again lift its head and stretch forth its persecuting hand, if there was not a controlling and balancing power? Let the religious Pharisees—the learned Rabbins of our time, who so devoutly desire to see the name of God and Christ placed in the National Constitution, succeed in the attempt, and they would show us how the Sabbath breaker should be punished ! It would require the strength of many Washingtons, Paines and Jeffersons combined, to stay the hand of persecution, and set things right. Would it not be well to have an amendment to that proposition, and let woman's name be inserted instead ? Let her voice be heard, and her influence felt in the councils of the nation ; and let God and Christ be enthroned in the human heart, quickening the conscience and guiding it in all the practical duties of life. When woman finds her proper place, she will help to frame the laws to which she is amenable and by which she is bound, and plead the cause of the down-trodden of her own sex. She will help to inaugurate her own rulers, and cease to be the slave of man's passions. Then, may we not hope when the law of chastity is broken, guilt and shame will rest where it justly belongs ? Now man assumes the right to allure woman into vicious paths, there to leave her despoiled, helpless and hopeless, while he walks defiantly away to his companions, wTho receive him into their fashionable circles without a rebuke ! The .woman is an outcast from respectable society, left to drag out a miserable existence, while he 62 THE SHAKER. is honored ! Shall this state of things always continue ? Nay ! as God is just, an end will come. The powers of the heavens are moving, and justice will arise and shake terribly the earth in this respect! A light is dawning upon our earth which gives promise of a day of freedom for woman. The strong influence of the Dove Messenger sent from the bosom of the Eternal Mother in Deity, who a century ago called upon a few prepared souls to enter into the secret tabernacle of the Most High, and hide in that Pavilion which has been guarded by the Cherubims, called the most Holy Place, because it is the house of the virgin character, is felt far and near to-day. That spirit has been working like leaven to open a way for woman to escape from her physical, moral and spiritual servitude. And at the present time a voice is heard: ' Woman shall be free as man is free ! Let him or her who violates the law of chastity, bear their own iniquity.'