Truth, Faith and Reason.—No. 3 BY R. W. PELHAM t is a fixed and immutable law of the generative order, to multiply and divide—to keep up a continued series of successive separations and separate interests. The fixed and immutable law of the Christ Order, is aggregation, ' gathering together, uniting in one all in heaven and earth in Christ.' (Eph. i, 10.) 'To be carnally minded is death, to be spiritualty minded is life.' In this aphorism, Paul again sets forth the eternal antagonism of the flesh and spirit; it is but the utterance of a fixed, immutable and eternal truth; a truth which every one who has been made alive in Christ, knows just as well as Paul. The antagonism between the flesh and spirit does not take place in the air, but in the human soul, and every spiritually minded man knows that this conflict is irreconcilable—knows that his carnal, lustful, generative nature, is not subject to the laws of God in Christ, or in the regenerative order, neither, indeed, can be— knows he must keep up an unceasing warfare against it, at the peril of his spiritual life, until it is subdued. 'If ye be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ dwells.' Those who are subjects to this resurrection— those who have risen with Christ and lived in his sphere which is 'above' the flesh, ' neither marry nor are given in marriage.' They are ' children of the resurrection ' order, exalted with Christ above the generative work. Be cautious of forming or adopting systems. When men become wedded to a system, either of their own or another's, their minds are liable to be so biased, that they will desire to bend everything into conformity to it; and in their eagerness to support the system, they lose sight of truth. Truth is a unit. No one truth can be opposed to another truth. And one truth harmonizes with every other truth, therefore, any system or part of a system opposed to one single truth, is opposed to all truth, and utterly foundationless and false. As light is pleasant to the eye, so is truth to the understanding. The Catholic Church requires her members to believe in Transubstantiation, contrary to the evidence of their senses, and to renounce opinions as heretical without any proof of their error; but all such requirements are as unwise as they are tyrannical and unjust, because it is impossible to comply with them. If a man is required to sacrifice his rational faculty in order to salvation, what will he have left worth saving ? He will be no better than a maniac or ourang-outang. He that requires a man to believe mere assertion against the clear convictions of his own understanding, demands the surrender of his rationality, and would rob him of the chief attribute of man. Nothing fears investigation but mistrustful bigotry or determined ignorance. He who feels confident of the rectitude of his opinions and actions, fears not investigation. The fear of investigation, or of being investigated, are certain marks of bigotry or dishonesty. Faith founded in ignorance, is always exposed to the assails of light and truth, and therefore constantly in danger. The better one understands the why and the wherefore of a theory, the less liable he is to have his faith shaken. He who through bigotry and ignorance builds on falsehood, is under continual necessity of guarding against the approaches of light and truth. The most effectual way to shake off unbelief is to demonstrate truth to the understanding. He who goes about to divest himself of unbelief by violently shaking his body, will be about as successful, as he who should try to satiate his hunger by running a foot race. 64= THE SPI^LKER. He can swallow incredible things whose interest prompts the resolve not to be choked by any thing. He that is most positive in his opinions may nevertheless be positively mistaken. I am tired of systems and system mongers; I desire to know nothing—to feel nothing but gospel simplicity—to believe nothing but pure truth. He that loves truth for its own sake, likes it best in its pure unadorned simplicity. Great names, high sanctions, or even mighty miracles, if they do not indeed detract from its merits, can add nothing to its value.