Life in God BT WILLIAM N. REDMON In the creation, God has given to his works a specific identity, nature and destination, which must ultimate according to the Divine Will and purpose. All the lower orders, as far as we are informed, are satisfied toith their condition ; having no aspirations of changing, and rising to a higher order; or of retrograding, and sinking into a lower. The conditions assigned each species, whether on the earth, in the water, or the atmosphere, seem to be consonant and satisfactor}r. Man alone seems to be the recipient of discontent, unrest and aspirations ; not feeling at home, but an inhabitant or tenant at will, liable to change of tenure at any moment, and removal from earth. The acquisitions of time are not his, only the portion necessary to his sustenance while a tenant; the stores of earth, of whatever nature, fall into other hands, and remain in their appropriate sphere. The extreme folly of selfishness, as set forth in the parable of our Lord, in the case of the husbandman, whose barns, store-houses and granaries were already full, and his contemplations and anticipations looking forward to larger barns, store-houses and granaries, remains a standing lesson to after generations. ' Thou fool! This night shall thy soul be required of thee, and whose shall all these things be?' Man brings nothing of earth with him into time, consequently has nothing of lasting ownership in all his possessions, and can take nothing with him when he departs. If he has acquired little, or nothing of the true riches, he leaves earth in poverty, and has to begin a new acquisition in the spirit home; very different his compeer, who was called into the Vineyard of his Lord on earth, receiving wages of the kingdom of righteousness, and clothed with the garments of salvation. Man having the Divine impress, and aspirations in his soul, must attain to the Divine Nature, and become one with the Creator, in his capacity as a recipient ; this attainment, and this alone, can satisfy the unceasing desires of his Nature. Man cannot escape from himself; he must be a man; yea, a man of God; or be forever miserable! The trust and responsibility lie with himself; and the sooner he commences the all-important work in the new life, the better ; for procrastination increases the burden, and at the same time lessens the ability of bearing it. With the outward man ceases the ability to use the alimentations and desires of earth; the soul must be the happy recipient of the spiritual and divine benediction of a higher order; of which there are ample preparations in the heavenly mansions, according to capacity and advancement. The provident Lord, before he left time, paternally and fraternally informed his Apostles, that there were no suitable mansions for them; there- fore, he was going to prepare a place, that he might receive them unto himself. In all probability there will be astonishing disappointment to many of the professors of Christianity, who expect to be taken immediately into the mansions of the Lord; whose claims are mostly resting on a mere profession; having made but little, or no advancement in the Divine Life. The annunciation in all probability will be, ' depart from me, for I never knew you !' They will be compelled to take mansions more suitable to their conditions; and thence commence the divine life, and progress onward and upward in their own order and fraternity; never being able to attain the Apostolic advance; but must always remain in the rear, according to attainment and allotment. Our Heavenly Parents, in the Gospel, have called, are calling, and will call all their children; and all who accept, and enter into newness of life, following the example of their Lord by invitation, will be placed in the Miansions of the kingdom, and continued in their places, according to faithfulness in their heavenly Home. Those who reject their privilege, and take the retrograde and downward course, ' counting themselves unworthy ' of the call, must be content to take the station of the disobedient and froward, and bear the sad reproach of disloyalty! The impossibility of man erasing from his mind the divine aspirations for the heavenly life, by attainment in the Divine Nature, he cannot be satisfied with the filthy nature, and its degradation; and after he has gone his whole length, and nothing remains in the lowest deep, then to his great mortification, when he comes to himself, he has to retrace his steps to his Father's house, and commence the new life, in the self-denying, narrow way of the Saviour; for if we go to his king THE SHAKER. dom, we must follow him in the regeneration, living the new life. Justice alone can give us our dues; and these must be the result of our own choice, volition and attainment; and just here the decrees of God come in, and leave the children of earth without excuse or palliation ; for the Heavenly invitation is, ' whosoever will, let him come and partake of the bread and waters of Life freely.' We cannot shift the responsibility. It was a great favor to the prodigal son to be accepted, after his sad experience in the swine region. It is a matter of mercy, as well as justice, to assign to the inhabitants of earth, mansions according to attainments; for how could the soul, just released from the precincts of alcohol and the narcotics; smoking, chewing and snuffing tobacco ; swearing, blasphemy, and debauchery, bear the presence of the redeemed Saviour, clad in the white garments of the heavenly kingdom ? 0, the blackness of darkness ! 0 for a place to hide this debauched and adulterous generation ! ! And shall we repeat the heavenly record, ' Come unto me all ye ends of the earth, and be saved.' 'Be ye pure, for I am pure, saith the Lord.'