Who are Christians? BY G. JOSIAH BARKER Christ answers this question in Luke xiv, 26. If the people are judged hy this standard, iow large a proportion would be found to be the true followers of Christ? If they are not followers of Christ, can they be Christians ? We assert that the majority of professing Christians have not fulfilled the text, and are not walking the self-denying path Jesus trod before, inviting all who would be Christians to follow. Are they admirers of Jesus' life? Or, do ihey jeer and ridicule those who live as he lived, and is now living ? Why are Christian Shakers maligned by evil reports, if it is not because they bear Christ's testimony and live the life ? They believe faith without works will never make a Christian; and believe that the doctrine of the atonement is an invention, to save man's nature from the cross. If men believed they must live as Christ lived, then would there be a difference in their lives. The people have been blinded by blind teachers, who have sugar-coated vital passages of scripture, so as to mean, that the people may live in the base indulgences of their passions, while Jesus alone must bear the cross ! How absurd ! If we are ever saved (and. we are not Christians until we are saved), it will be by a thorough self-denial after the manner of Jesus, the Christ. Professing Doctors of Divinity say Jesus was God, and therefore could not be our exemplar—for we are not divine ! It may be a pleasure for them to teach such foolishness, but it will be a bitter disappointment to them when the truth is made apparent. They do not want to live as Jesus did ; it is not because they cannot, but because they icill not ! Hoping to go to heaven sometime; expecting to be an angel in time to come; yet while the filthiness of the flesh presents its enticing charms, they are content, to be the slaves to lust, while they sing of how good a Christian Jesus Avas ! We are willing to face the question—do you live like Christians ? We take the responsibility upon ourselves of being like, or unlike Jesus. If unlike, we are not his followers, and only as we subdue our inclinations to sin, we are not the followers of him who said : 'Be of good cheer, for I have overcome the world '—we are not Christians. Now, who are the followers of Christ—those who speak many good words for him, or those who live a very good life like him ? They are Christians, who are daily denying themselves of worldy pleasures and sinful lusts; who are living on earth as the angels are living in heaven; who, acknowledging Jesus as their Elder Brother, follow his example, overcoming as he overcame—not relying upon his merits, but their own. Such do not look to the future for salvation, but experience it to-day—such alone are Christians.