Essentials and Non-essentials Progress means a movement upward, forward ; and intends that we leave the errors of the past, as soon as they are demonstrated to be such, in t'he rear. To cling to a custom, for custom's sake, would deny to us the benefits of all modern blessings, and in all things we should compare with the old custom of going to mill—on one side of the horse's back, the grain in the bag, on the other, a stone to balance it. We have proved the stone a non-essential; and there are many such, that are now disturbing the balance of mind, in many otherwise estimable Believers. To some the wearing of the beard is ' wanting in refinement,'neatness and convenience ! ' This was a sister's remark, at Enfield, Conn. To others, the wearing or non-wearing has a religious importance attached to it—if to either, we should agree to do as Jesus did— but we don't believe in attaching so much importance to customs, opinions or theologies, which are antiquated, unreligious and nonessential to salvation. ' The union is the gift,' is a truism of our Mother Lucy Wright; and we must learn to be united on all points of doctrine, of custom, even if new, when proved to be essential to our well being, and when in conformity with our visible lead. The stubborn conservative, hurts the union— the gift—and ties the hands and hearts of our good Ministry, from jaelding their consent to have Society improve in all that would make her beautiful, without departing a hair's breadth from the essential, heavenly, fundamental principles of our beautiful Gospel. If Society really needs an organ to improve it, then let us be united, regardless of past custom. If the beard will prolong life, or induce better physiology, who will take the responsibility of lost health and life by its further abandonment ? We do not say we are now in their favor; but should the decision be made in their favor, we will abandon all opposition. We want only the good and pure in life; we want all the protective measures that can be had, to throw around our young people, and to save them from sin. We want to make home so delightful, so beautiful, that it will gather and retain individuals, and would not omit a single feature that did not conflict with the purity of life, as taught by the saints, and practiced by the angels. Therefore, begone, all opposition to music and flow-ers; to any and every improvement that will and can stand on our everlasting foundational principles. We do not ask sympathy for a progress into anything that will breed a lack of industry, or permit the lending of an eye, ear or feeling to worldly inducement; but we do ask the consideration of all, the good, and the too-indifferent, if we are not faltering in an age of progress to our harm. If an individual will be pure and good, yet wants to retain some instrument of music; wear his beard or keep some theological whim, shall we reject him as an associate in the higher life ? Shall we refuse him a privilege to unite with us in our consecration ? We propose the throwing away of the tobacco-box in preference to the organ; and the pipe and snuff-box rather than the continued absence of the harp; the flesh-pots of mutton, beef, etc., rather than the fruits and flowers, indigenous to our climate. Let us move away from the wrong, and only towards the pure and good. The new cycle calls for progress, as really towards some things as aAvay from many improprieties. We ask charity of our comrades for our radical propositions ; we feel deeply for Society's improvement, and would stop any and every leak of her strength.