Society Record Hancock, Mass. Passing through Hancock recently, we were pleasantly surprised at her improved appearance. Always neat, she now looks beautiful. Meeting-house modernized ; the antiquated, elevated aqueduct by the roadside is no more; beautiful stone fences, with posts and boards above; large permanent gates, painted red, and fastened by spring padlocks—all looked rejuvenating. Very likely her people are being illustrated as those consecrated souls who ' put their hands to work, and give their hearts to God.' Festus Miller Died, at Hancock, June 26, Festus Miller , aged 70. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Mt. Lebanon is alive to many new things. The South are building an extensive chair factory, with 71 THE SHAKER. tenant houses attached. A thousand-dollar engine from Haskell's Albany works is to drive the machinery. The Chobch have also purchased a powerful engine from the same firm, for their herb and root department. Paint has been busy here on many buildings this season. As Brooklyn is noted for churches, so may The North be for nice, commodious barns. Another mammoth has arisen on the flats, and is, no doubt, ere this well filled. Orrin Haskins had his ankle broken by an accident on the 6th August. We hear that the Mt. Lebanon Ministry speak en- thusiastically of the singing now heard at Canterbury and Enfield, N. H.. when connected with their organs! At SHAKERS (Watervliet, N. Y.). some improvements are apparent. The Church remodel their workmen's lodge into a building of line appearance. The South have just laid nearly a hundred feet of aqueduct, fifteen inches diameter, boiler iron, be- tween the middle pond and machine shop—the wooden one having given out. South Union and Pleasant Hill have each their respective Ministry's Order, as years ago, but of recent date they were consolidated. We wish both many blessings. UNIOH Village, O. Daniel Miller reports a large gathering of believers and Spiritualists at Mason, O. The Shakers bore their testimony faithfully, which the Spiritualists received kindly, but silently. Among the multitudes of Spiritualists there are a few who, having received light and testimony against sinful works, are practically fulfilling the call of the Spirit, and failing to fulfill unspiritual, fleshly lusts. Enfield, Conn. Our visit here was short and sweet. No prettier Society do we know of. All looks neatly; buildings in good repair, and improving. The Church have built an excellent carriage house and stable, and have so improved the farm as to double its yield. The family garden is already a picture, as well as affording an abundance of vegetables for home use and for sale. Of its magnitude let us only mention that it has a thousand pear trees. The North seem very flourishing. Their new shop is nearly finished, and is of palatial appearance—the prettiest we ever saw. The South looks beautifully clean and inviting. Died Louisa Blanchard July 30, Louisa Blanchard , aged nearly 57 years.