Second Revelation of the Gospel, vice Christ's Second Appearing BY R. W. PELHAM When the writer first visited the Shakers, in 1817, he soon became a sincere and deeply interested inquirer into their faith and theology; and the most puzzling thing he met with, was the statement that Christ, or Jesus Christ, had made His second appearing in a Woman ! Whatever recondite sense they may have attached to the word Christ, I understood it to mean the man called Jesus, or Jesus the Christ, who lived in Judea 1800 years ago, and of whose history we have a fragment in the New Testament. And, I asked myself, do they mean to say that this man has made his second appearing ? And, still more perplexing, that He has made His second appearing in a Woman ! How could He come in a Woman ? This phraseology was in full use then, and probably had been from the beginning of the institution, and is continued to the present day. After becoming a member of the Society, I set about probing the meaning of this mode of expression, and trying to deduce the radical idea, and to set it forth in rational and intelligible language. In this search my thoughts ran in this wise: Jesus the Messiah was the first man in and through whom the way of salvation from sin was revealed. This revelation wras called in Greek, Euanggellion—Good news or Glad tidings. Jesus first promulgated it under that name, translated ' Gospel,' Matt. 4 : 23, and elsewhere. Its true principles were first practically carried into effect on the day of Pentecost, when the community of goods was fully established at Jemsalem ; though previously Jesus and his disciples had their needs supplied from a common purse, and Judas was their deacon or trustee. That true church, through divers causes, mainly a relentless persecution by Jews, Romans and Catholics, was ultimately 'trodden under foot of the Gentiles ;' and that glorious Evangel or Revelation was banished from this sphere of being and became extinct among men. As this Gospel was not a human invention, it could only be restored by a Second Revelation. When, therefore, the Shakers tell you that Christ has made His second appearance in a Woman, they mean that the Gospel which was revealed in and by Jesus, the Christ, after having been lost, has been revealed a second time through a woman. Thus, we do not pretend that Jesus Christ has made his second appearing in a woman, or in any other way literally, nor do we believe he ever will; but we testify that there has been—not a second appearing of Christ, but a Second Revelation of the Gospel first revealed by Jesus, the Christ; and that revelation was made through a woman. This is plain common sense, easily comprehended, and without mystery; and, for one, I should like to have our testimony presented to mankind on this subject in this way. But if it be generally preferred to continue the old mystical method, I am well aware that in Paul's writings there are abundant examples to support the practice. With his licentious use of the term, almost anything means Christ, THE SH^KEK. 67 and Christ means most anything you please. We shall notice some of the figurative and mysterious senses in which it is used in his Epistles. Under Paul's manipulations the term Christ becomes impersonal. The per- sonality is last in the principle, and the individual character diffused in the Church or community, and as a hod3r—a unit—that community is the Son of Man—the Christ, the Lord's anointed, the Lord from Heaven. 'For,' says Paul, 'we being many are one body. For as the body is one and hath many members, and all the members of that one body, though many, are one body; so also is Christ ! For by one Spirit [God] we are all baptized into one body, whether we be Jew or Greek, wrhether bond or free, and have been all made to drink into one Spirit!' Paul sends his salutation to Andronicus and Junia of Rome, ' who,' he says, ' were ix Christ before me.' In Christ does not mean in the bowels of Jesus the Messiah, but they were members of the Church before him. So he often uses the term Christ with scarcely an allusion to Jesus of Nazareth, or Jesus the Messiah. Again, he speaks of there being ' one body in Christ,' 'helpers in Christ,' ' approved in Christ,' etc., etc., all the time meaning in the Church. He also makes the term signify the Christian religion. ' Christ,' says he, ' is the end of the Law.' The Christian religion or institution is the end of the Mosaic law. 'If Christ be in you: ' If the Christian religion or Christian spirit be in you, etc. ' Christ liveth in me : ' The Christian religion is manifested in my life; or, he may mean that his life was a transcript or true pattern of the life of Jesus the Christ. ' Christ hath redeemed us : ' The powrer and efficacy of the Christian religion hath redeemed us, as he says in another place: ' The Gospel is the power of God to salvation.' After all these, and many more varied senses, in which the term Christ has been used, it remains a simple truth that the original application of it to Jesus was to designate him as the Messiah; translated into Greek, the Christos; into English, the Anointed—not a proper name but an official title. (See Jno. 1: 42-3.) ' We have found the Messiah, which is, being interpreted, (in Greek) the Christos, and he brought him to Jesus.' This Hebrew term Messiah, or Greek Christos, or English Christ or Anointed, then, was the functional title of Jesus, and not his proper name, nor the name of some invisible being distinct from him. We find not the least trace in either of the four Evangelists, or even in Paul's epistles, of the Gnostic doctrine that the pigeon or dove seen by John the Baptist was a high intelligence— a person—distinct from Jesus, that came from the Pleroma, and took possession of him. That dove was simply a visionary sign given to John to point out to him the Messiah, as he himself declares : ' I saw a spirit descending from heaven like a dove. He who sent me to baptize, the same said unto me, ' Upon whom thou shalt see a spirit descending, the same is he who baptizeth into a holy spirit.' ' He who sent John was God, as the Evangelist declares : ' There was a man sent from God whose name was John.' It was this same God who inspired Jesus, anointed and qualified him for his mission to preach and establish the Gospel, reveal the new dispensation, as he himself testified in the Synagogue at Nazareth: ' The Spirit of Jehovah is upon me, because he has anointed, me to preach the Gospel to the poor,' etc. Thus, Jesus possessing the proper endowments and qualities, was authorized, inspired and appointed of God to the Messianic office—to initiate the new dispensation ; to preach the Gospel, which, as Paul says, is the power of God to salvation ; that is, salvation from sin. There is not the least hint that any intermediate spirit came in between him and Jehovah. He was not the Son of a Christ, but the Son of God, by virtue of regeneration and the new birth. He himself was the Christ, and was inspired, led and directed of God the Father, as he himself declares. As to this Jesus, or Jesus the Christ coming the second time in person, it never will be. The promise of his coming is to be understood as other similar prophetic language in Scripture. It is not necessary that the same person should come, but one who has the same spirit to minister, the same revelation to make, and possesses the same ' power of the spirit,' and promulgates the same Evangel. The second coming of Elijah the prophet had been promised the Jews, and they looked for the same person; but Jesus, pointing to John the Baptist, said : ' If ye can receive it, this is Elijah that was for to come.' The Evangelist Luke also speaks of John as going forth ' in the spirit and power of Elijah.' So we point to Ann, or Ann the Christess, by and through whom a Second Revelation of the same Gospel, with an increase, is made; and testify that 'this is the Jesus, or Jesus the Christ, that was for to come.' And she, also, came forth in the same power of the Spirit, was inspired from the same eternal source, and qualified of God to initiate and establish the Second Revelation of the Gospel, and she did it! I will only add here, that as it was the special mission of Jesus to reveal the Fatherhood in God, so it was the special mission of Ann to reveal the Motherhood in God. This Revelation is day by day revolutionizing the world.