Briefs The Shakers have most certainly struck at the root of all evil... 'The Shakers have most certainly struck at the root of all evil, but in our opinion they have struck a little too deep.' Thus writes Dr. R. T. Trail; and yet, who cares how deeply any strike, if the object of the stroke is accomplished, and the root of all discomfiture and separation from godliness annihilated ? Deacon David Osborn had frequently met neighbor Camp... Deacon David Osborn had frequently met neighbor Camp, and compared their knowledge of the scriptures, until the Deacon was nearly out of patience. In a hurry, he was passing near the field where friend Camp was at work, when Camp, as usual, began : ' David, do you know what Haul says ?' ' Yea,' replied the Deacon, ' It is good for a man not to touch a woman ! ' ' No, no,' said Camp, ' I don't mean dat, not dat! ' Issachar Bates, Sen., was getting his horse shod at a smith's... Issachar Bates, Sen., was getting his horse shod at a smith's, in a western State, when he, as usual, opened a sermon at man's fallen fleshly nature, and assured the company present that Christ had come again, and that he was a representative of the new gospel. He then showed the necessity of a man's confessing his sins, and living a new life like Jesus, and lie should then be enabled to do greater works than even Jesus. While preaching to his iriotly hearers, he Was annoyed by one who kept demanding a miracle ! ' What shall I do for you ?' h.e finally asked. ' Turn that cart-wheel into a horse!' replied his annoyer. ' That's just like the evil one,' he remarked, ' to leave the owner of that cart only one wheel to go home with.' Father Joseph Meacham was convinced... Father Joseph Meacham was convinced, it is said, of the truth of Mother Ann's mission, when, after a question from him as to her authority to preach Christ's second appearing, she replied : ' When the Man (Jesus) is gone, the Woman has her right.' At the great religious revival, in Kentucky, many years ago... At the great religious revival, jn Kentucky, many j'ears ago, it will be remembered that a little boy was spiritually wrought upon to speak with much feeling and eloquence. Closing an appeal to sinners, with the dropping of his handkerchief, wet with tears and perspiration, he exclaimed: 'Thus will you drop, sinners, into hell, unless you repent! ' This little boy is now the very reverend John Rankin, who has told the story often, to many, without in the least inferring that he was once that little boy. *