Conservatism and Progression. How shall they be Reconciled ? BY ELIJAH MYRICK The desire and effort for preserving what is established, as first principles of rudimental truth, are not necessarily antagonistic to Progress. Radicalism is the forced, unwilling antipode of near-sighted Conservatism. Conserve and preserve are synonymous. Hence, what is good, sound, and true of the past, should conserve the present and future, interblending like the colors of the rainbow. The conflict between finality and young germs of truth, in the individual mind, is carried into sects and communities. The former depending upon its defensible ability, forces the latter into a war of triumph, as portrayed by Bunyan. All real progress is sanctified by adhering to first principles. The prophets and philosophers of each dispensation could only give utterance to the truths of their day. 'The old heavens and earth ' will continue to give place to the new, in each succeeding cycle; and, when reason and wisdom shall take the supremacy of fear and superstition, the change will not necessarily be attended with ' a great noise.' Isaiah, 45:22. 'They shall not build, and another inhabit; they shall not plant, and another eat; for, as the days of a tree, are the days of my people ; and mine elect shall long enjoy the work of their hands.' This beautiful, significant figure, symbolizes growth ; and the existing harmony between conserving and expanding, rightly recognized, is mutually dependent; and an issue is detrimental to both. Should the extending bud refuse to respond to the inward pressure for a new growth of life, and say to the sun of revelation, ' Touch vie not; this is the final growth ; obedient to God's law, I shed my foliage, and his cold winter closed me up forever,' the internal pressure, induced by the external warmth, would produce an argument in favor of eternal progress ; a fitting rebuke to the adherents of the dead past. All real good belongs to the present; and the present should willingly yield to the future; not lay dormant, to be exhumed lundreds of years hence. Let each dispensation glory in, and be glorified by, the other. Conservatives, as leaders of old organizations, block the wheels of progress, and falsify the declaration and prophecy of Future increase. Resistance to improvement contradicts the noblest instinct of the soul, and begets its opposite—fanaticism of reform—caused by the obstructions which perverted conservatism has thrown across the stream of progress; and revolution is the sudden sweeping away of barriers which should have been reasonably and seasonably removed. On Progression's banner is inscribed, 'Let there be light;' and may the time soon come, when all human governments shall form a co-partnership with the divine, in carrying this baptism and benediction into fulfillment. The beautiful fragments of the Roman aqueducts made level across vallies, and through hills, for the want of the knowledge which every intelligent child now possesses, are often cited to test the power of their builders ; but, they are only so many monuments of their weakness, instead of strength. Job, 38: 35, ' Canst thou send the lightnings, that they may go and say unto thee, 'Here we are ?' ' If that question were put to modern science, it would answer in the afiirmative. When thought cannot find vent, the mind ceases to think; it will not continue to produce its births of power and beauty, to see them fall dead-born into the world. Even the rapt spirit of Isaiah would droop its wings, but for the effulgence of the vision they project, reflecting pictured glories on the solid earth. What deep floods of the direful miseries of superstition and barbarity have, in consequence of stifled thought, been poured upon the world ! Hence, a disastrous alienation has ensued between the disciples of science and the teachers of religion. Between science and true religion there can be no conflict. With an earth, sky, and heavens full of truths all around and before us, upon the extreme margin of which we are but just entering, how can such a world produce a dogmatizer, or a bigot ? Bigotry shuts itself up in narrow limits, and would bind the thoughts, and manacle the limbs too, had it the power. Forming a co-partnership ages ago, with its natural allies (ignorance and superstition), it strove to hinder the dis- covery of hitherto unknown parts of this globe, and the navigation of the same, and denied the true astronomical knowledge of the terrestrial, as it now does of the celestial heavens. But let us think, betimes; knowledge is but an instrument, free alike to the profligate and the just; therefore wisdom must be commissioned its guardian. The un- pardonable error of education has been, that it did not begin with simple truths and elementary ideas, and rise by gradation to combined results. It began with teaching systems, rules, schemes and complex doctrines, which years of analysis would scarcely serve to unfold ; all is administered in a mass. In this way, errors and truths are passed over to our successors, done up in the same bundle, and they pass them to others, and so onward, to be perpetual sources of error, alienation and discord. A new era is opening upon the world ! the history of the future is like a widening stream, and is about to pass through regions such as have never been traversed before ; we must prepare ourselves to pass with safety through this new ordeal: ' Pat hand to the plow of endeavor, Place feet in the truth-furrowed track; Set face to the future, and never One wavering moment look back. For none, who confidingly center All hopes on the by-gones, and ban. The present, are fitted to enter The on-going progress of man.' Just in proportion as man becomes Christlike, he passes out of the region of finality —system building—into the region of perpetual activities for good; his is the religion of philosophy, science, love,, which expands the mind, reaches out to every capacity; says: ' Suffer little children to eome unto me;' and as 'I am lifted up (progressed) so will I draw all men unto me.' Could Jesus stand where we now stand, and view his record o'er, Would he still cling to that star light,—-and that alone restore 1 And say 'tis done, ' tis final, all that man can ever be, 66 THE SHAKER. That through one twain the race did fall, by one alone they're free ? He was the promised Saviour ; first saved himself from loss ; Then said, ' If ye would Saviours he, come bear your daily cross.' His life was one great prophecy, which told of future good ; Declared, the state of infancy betokened angelhood. All truth undiscovered, or unrevealed, partakes of the nature of the concrete ; it is like gold in quartz ; a part of the mass ; and as it forever sparkles, it is viewed by some as a mere curiosity ; by others as an object of worship, not knowing its value and use, till some adventurous hand liberates it from the crude mass. Then, despite the bigots who claim this to be the only known specimen, other discoveries are made, and the supply is found to be inexhaustible. Then every known appliance is brought into requisition, and new ones invented to blast and grind, wash and melt, and coin, till the whole nation is enriched thereby. And the poor devotee sees his past object of adoration appropriated to the living present. So with first principles; they discover truth, pure truth, to be wrought out under the hammer of reason, and smelted in the refiner's fire, till in their conscious purity they can look smilingly in the face of every essayer. I freely endorse Elder Frederick's article in the July Shaker, on 'Finality.' I think it meets the demands ofthe age. The diversity of opinions and beliefs respecting a certain book has been the means of disintegrating society, creating conftision. The world would be a thousand times better off to-day, were it to drop all the old systems of theology, and adopt the simple, childlike religion of the human soul. All the blessings of the past would be combined with the present, and make the religion of to-day grander than that of any preceding age. Rejecting still the corner stone, which devotees have worshipped 'round, Forgetting greater works are done by those who rear the building, They falsify that holy truth, that progress means perpetual youth ; And all the living must, forsooth, be to the future yielding. The teo common practice of looking exclusively to the past, is unworthy of this enlightened age. A hitching post is good when ahead; when passed, it is of no further use. In no age of the world's history was discrimination between truth and error so acute as now. Reason assumes supremacy, and demands fearless investigation. Is not the subjugation of, and ruling over woman, traceable to sacred tradition, and legend ? And is not the world depraved by such antiquated belief ? Brigham Young is a fac-simile of the wisest man of Bible fame ; and children are still taught to do homage to his exalted wisdom. If either of them now lived in Massachusetts, they would be escorted to a temple of justice.