Individuality and Organization BY O. C HAMPTON Dear Shaker :—While so many peculiar views are receiving attention through the columns of the Shaker, I am inclined to say somewhat upon the subject of Individuality. The Spiritualists harp on this a great deal, and are very jealous of their individuality; so much so, indeed, that they systematically attack and resist every effort at organization that happens to be suggested by any of the more progressed among them, with the argument that all organizations are in danger of neutralizing and destroying their individuality by subordinating the same to the proposed organization. There seem to me to be two plain issues to this question: 1. Mankind must go on in their present isolated and completely selfish condition, and individual efforts represent all the good the world may ever hope from Spiritualism, or any other reform which may arise to bless and improve them; or, 2. Spiritualists must organize in some shape or other, even at the risk of the loss of their individuality more or less (if there be any such loss involved, of which more further on). But how is this ? A Spiritualist will tell me it is his duty to develop his individuality to the highest degree; and, consequently, he must keep aloof from all organized institutions, because no organization can exist which will not more or less cramp and compromise this individuality to the behests of itself. This same Spiritualist, however, will straightway go and get married. Where now is his individuality? It is nowhere. He has become part of a duality. In process of time he has a number of children. Now he is no longer even a duality; he has developed himself into part of a plurality. His independent existence is completely gone up, and his fate is inexorably tethered to his wife and children. He is a complete slave. True, he may be so unenlightened as to hug his chains ; but he is none the less a slave on that account, and leastwise his individuality no longer exists. But sup¦ pose he is pleased not to shoulder the responsibilities of a married life, but still hankers after 'the fleshpots of Egypt ' only enough to desire a mate of the opposite sex, to whom he shall be partially attached and devoted, to the exclusion of others equally worth}of his love, and perhaps far more so ? Hfere, again, his judgment is a slave to his inordinate affections, and he is shut up from the Godlike exercise of that universal equal Love which JesuS enjoyed (see Matt. ch. 5, v. 44-45). How dwarfed and wretched such a love, when the conscience is all the time proclaiming in thunder tones, ' The whole world is famishing for your love, and you a*e wickedly lavishing it upon one single individual, violently subordinating your higher, holier obligations to your lower instincts.' And this must be the conclusion, leaving out of the account the consideration that this exclusive love is merely a gilded, glittering ignus fatuus, the design and object of which is to attract the sexes toward each other for the ultimate purpose of coition, and so belonging entirely to the animal plane. At all hazards individuality must be bartered away to obtain it, and Spiritualists should be the last ones to plead for such partial love or favoritism. On the other hand, organization is a condition of complete individualism in the highest and most glorious sense of the term ; that is, organization such as was exhibted in the Pentecostal arrangement of old. Here every man's and woman's best talents, qualities, loves, affections, may go on expanding in all heavenly and sublime directions to all eternity. Not only so, but the wholesome rules and scientific arrangement of such an organization tend continually to protect its adherents from those lower influences of our common nature— ' the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye and the pride of life,' the very influences which alone cramp, belittle, enslave and gradually extinguish all our independence and individuality. Shakerism professes to be established upon the Pentecostal principles of Celibacy and Community of goods—all things in common, etc. And the Shakers are willing to be judged by their works in regard to this, their high profession. Therefore we would advise all progressed Spiritualists to give us a call before looking elsewhere; and, above all, before staking their all upon the issues of any organization not having for its basis ' Celibacy and Community of goods.'