Love and lust—the difference Love and Lust—the Difference. Love is lasting, lust is shifting-, All unrest and ever drifting; Love adores and saves its object, Lust would make all virtue subject. Love subordinates low feeling, Lust lives on by double-dealing; Love doth bear the heaviest crosses, Lust ne'er counts its victim's .losses; Love doth bridle speech and action, Lust for law hath no attraction; Love doth pity, breathes compassion, Lust doth spurn such kindly fashion; Love doth lavish all protection, Lust doth urge to misdirection. Love, disease and woe would banish, Lust, would make all beauty vanish; Love in use and joy abideth, Lust in base indulgence hideth; Love doth give the hearty hand-clasp, Lust may give, but with the death-grasp; Love builds homes and makes them brighter, Lust its withering chain draws tighter. Love is an angel, Lust is a devil, Stalking where furious passions revel; Love is the voice that cheers the dying, Lust is the coward his victim flying; Love is the sunlight, warm and cheering, Lust is the dread flame we go fearing; Love is the hope that cheers the living, Lust is the lease that dies with the giving. Love is saviour and redeemer, Lust a fraud—a treacherous schemer! Love doth selfishness despise, Lust, never bloated self denies. Love, spikenard pours on broken hearts, Lust seeks fresh victims for his arts; •: Love is fulfilling of the law,' Lust is a traitor—scorns that saw ! Love gives worth, and wealth, and labor, Lust robs dearest friend and neighbor; Love is the coin that always blesses, Lust is the counterfeit that curses; Love is of home the light and charmer, Lust the destroyer, deadly harmer ; Love wins sweetly, all devotion, Lust makes a hell—a wild commotion ! Love yields fruits of the richest flavor, Lust wrecked hopes and a rotten savor; Love is the tried and true availer, Lust is the lawless vile assailer; Love doth bloom in happy faces, Lust doth lurk in low disgraces; Love may promise, none to doubt him, Lust may swear good faith—we scout him! Love is the freedom time makes stronger, Lust is the slavery time makes longer; Love doth lead to the noblest teachers, Lust doth abhor all faithful preachers; Love doth brave the greatest danger, Lust is to courage true a stranger; Love doth unmask the frowning despot, Lust in excuse is a senseless bigot; Love doth exalt both man and woman, Lust is the foe of all that is human! The Vestal.