The Devil—Has he Reformed? My Dear Editor :—It would seem, by the perusal of a couple of articles in a late World's Crisis, that the editor, Miles Grant, has made some wonderful discoveries, and is in great tribulation because of certain articles in the Shaker. Hear him talk : ' We are most fully persuaded that the whole thing (Spiritualism) is but the devil's system of religion ; and that it has nothing in common with the religion of Christ, any more than a counterfeit bill has with one that is genuine.' To prove this assertion, he quotes largely that most excellent article from the pen of James M. Peebles, in June number of the Shaker. In this article, as your readers will remember, Brother Peebles says that Spiritualism will call for ' speakers with tongues of fire, hearts pulsing with prayer, and souls touched with the baptism of the living Christ.' His concluding remarks were: 'Let us, Oh Spiritualists, be true to our convictions, true to our moral and religious natures, true to the principles of purity and right.' From such sentiments as these our friend finds conclusive evidence that it is the ' Devil's religion.' Why, what a change has come over that noted old personage with the cloven foot! We had supposed his teachings were just the opposite of those quoted It helps, however, to prepare our minds for his comments upon the article entitled Shaker Cemeteries; of which he says : ' Shakerism and Spiritualism are half brothers (true). They have both one father— the Devil. Both systems are founded on Satan's lie—' Ye shall not surely die.' ' Can it be possible that the old deceiver and lifelong enemy of purity has repented of his past life, confessed his sins and become a Shaker! For, of course, he must be a Shaker if he begets children who are Shakers ! If this is really so, it puts Paul's conversion quite in the shade, and must be set down as the most remarkable instance of change of heart on record. If he can have half as much influence on the minds of the millions now as before his conversion, when they were so ready to be led by him, what wonderful changes will take place, even in what is called Christian Society! 7O THE SHAKER. Instead of serving Mammon they will choose to serve God; instead of fostering pride they will cultivate simplicity ; instead of war, with its slaughtered thousands and ruined cities, 'we shall find peace that bindeth up the brokenhearted and maketh glad the waste places; instead of lust, that now fills the land with corruption and murder, we shall find continence, purity and mercy; instead of riches and poverty—twin evils and legitimate children of selfishness—we shall find universal brotherhood, with its community of interests as exemplified in the first pentecostal Church. The whole Christian world will be converted to Christianity! And even friend Grant would realize how much better it is to save men from their sins than it is to burn them up in their sins. Alas, in the midst of my exultations therein, comes the thought unbidden to mind, that even the Devil would lose his influence upon the minds of so-called Christians if he should become a Shaker! In former times he has shown them the whole world, and said, ' all this will I give if ye will fall down and worship me.' And how few have refused ! As a Shaker he would show them the whole world and say, ' all this you must forsalce if ye would fellowship with me.' And how few would accept the terms ! Kealizing how anxious the old adversary is to retain his present very large company of followers, we shall require the very best of evidence to convince us that he has decided to be a Shaker, or his 'half brother,' a true Spiritualist. It occurs to us, also, that this is not the first time that the Devil has been calumniated. We read that in ancient times certain of the Jews accused him of assisting Jesus to cast out devils, which charge was afterwards proved to be false, as this will be. As to our founding our faith on Satan's lie—' Ye shall not surely die '—we see too much evidence of that death that comes from sinful ivories, to have the least desire to put our confidence in that or any other of Satan's lies. But we do have confidence in that promise, and trust that friend Grant will yet be induced to, given by Christ through Jesus : ' He that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live; and whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die.' Yours, John B. Vance