Physical Resurrection BY CECELIA DE VERE Is this temple—painful prison— With its throbbing bolts and bars, All the dwelling of the spirit, When redeemed from earth-made scars ? Shall the body be triumphant? Shall this accident of sin Make or shape the life eternal, Clog1, or give us power to win ? Shall the humpback, and the cripple, And the dwarf, diseased and lame, Take their bodies, somewhat bettered, But essentially the same ? Shall the soul that hid its evil In a beauteous form of clay, Still unchanged, and undiscovered, Dwell in heaven's unclouded day ? Shall the face that screened, and shaded reelings tender, deep and true, Mask the soul that toiled and suffered For a life and spirit new ? All things in the Lord are perfect; Accidents are not of Him; They belong to earth's confusion, To our own pei-ceptions, dim. If we seek the heavenly portion Of the meek in heart, and pure, God will mark our earnest travel, Bless, and make our treasure sure Then the soul shall dwell in victory, Far above the body's fate, And be seen undimmed, unshadowed, In its true and perfect state. If we feel the resurrection Of the spirit day by dayFeel the power of God, that bears us From earth's elements away— Shall our thoughts to graveyards center, When our loved ones are set free ? Shall we give our loathsome body All our wealth of sympathy ? We are called to know the spirit, And let dust to dust be given; While our hearts, with love unfailing, Find their kindred hearts in heaven. O how pure, and how exalted, Is the faith by which we're taught! Through the door of Kevelation, We can ' see what God hath wrought.' From the earth he made the mortal; But he never marked the place: Why should we of death's dark portal Seek or leave the slighest trace ? Lay my frame in earth's cold bosom, When my spirit takes its flight To that land, where fruit and blossom Never suffer frost nor blight; Not on stone, or sculptured marble, Be my memory ever traced; But from hearts that hold and love me, May it never be erased.