My Experience BT JANE MARIA BRAINARD The second chapter of Matthew gives a parable, clearly illustrating a Christian character. I know of no people who so readily accept a stranger, as a brother in full fellowship, if earnestly seeking the truth, as the people called Shakers. They open their hearts and homes to such, and say: ' Come, partake with us, of all our good things.' It apparently matters not, whether such are blest with this world's goods or not; or even if they must need be cared for in many ways. The hungry, naked and sick are attended to; the afflicted are comforted, and the seeker after righteousness is shown how to be a practical Christian. I often think how secure I am, from many evils that are in the world; how shielded I am by visible friends, and the invisible hosts of heaven, by living a Shaker life. I have a feeling for those not blest as I am, and would let them know what I have found. I am glad a way is opened, whereby streams of goodness can flow from our Zion, to my needy fellow-beings. I feel confident that the little Shaker will be the means of 68 THE S H A. K E PL . turning many from their unrighteousness, to the way of truth. We read of the necessity of improving our talents, and of the utter darkness into which one was cast for failing to improve the one talent given him. I want to throw in my mite; it may feed some hungering soul. My parents were Methodists, and very strict. They labored continually with their children to keep them from what they termed ' the follies of the world; ' keeping precepts and examples, and the Methodist discipline always before us. When eleven years old, there was a revival among the youth. I was one of its subjects, and felt conviction for sin, and much relcasement ; it was whispered, I had met with a change. I did have a feeling at that time, which though I could not utter it, yet was impressed that Christians should not live like the world ! This remained on my mind as a sacred truth. Thirteen years after, I took up a book at the house of a friend, commenced reading it, when I felt as if cold water was running over me. Its title was, ' Christ's Second Appearing, by the Shakers.' I found on inquiry that they lived like angels ; and that unuttered feeling again came upon me, and I resolved to visit them. I did so, and cast my lot with them ; have never, for a moment regretted doing so; for I know I have found true Christians. Their daily life is my life; and their sacred truths are food to my soul. I have lived a Shaker more than forty years; and have eaten the bread of life from my heavenly Parents' table, and can never be satisfied any more without it. If my mite should prove a crumb to some soul similarly hungry, I shall be thankful.