Daniel and John.—No. 2 BY F. W. E. John saw (by symbols) the four great dispensations, which extend from the beginning to the end of human history. Daniel saw (by symbols) four great kingdoms, beginning in his own times, and running parallel with John's vision to the end. Daniel was a subordinate, John a universal prophet. John was ' more than a prophet;' far beyond even John the Baptist. A prophet was not, necessarily, any better, personally, than the people to whom he proph- esied ; even as a spiritual medium is so physiologically, not necessarily any better, as being either morally or religiously superior to the body of Spiritualists. But John the Baptist preached repentance, in addition to foretelling future events; and John the Revelator, in his private life, walked closely in the footsteps of his spiritual guide and leader, Jesus. He was not only a prophet, but a good man, which is being more than a mere prophet, like Balaam, and many others, who were beautiful Christ Prophets, but who did not reduce to practice the principles they set forth, that would finally redeem humanity. Daniel saw a lion, a bear, a leopard, and a complex beast that had ten horns. These were the Babylonia, the Medo-Persia, the Greek, and the Roman empires. The fourth beast, or system, is represented as 'dreadful and terrible, strong exceedingly. It had great iron teeth, and it devoured and brake in pieces, and stamped the residue with the feet of it.' This was the Roman, and is graphically described. ' It was diverse from all the beasts, or systems, that were before it, and had ten horns.' In truth, the other systems were merged in it; so that all the elements of preceding human governments were incorporated therein. The ten horns, or powers, represented Republicanism, which was gradually rising and predominating over every other form-of governmental polity; the antithesis of despotism or monarchy—the one-man power —being a subdivision of power among the many men. This fourth beast gradually supplanted despotisms, monarchies and aristocracies, and destroyed them. Again. In the midst of this system came up a little horn, or power, before which there were three of the first horns plucked up by the roots. ' In it were eyes like the eyes of a man, and a mouth speaking great things,'— the Papal power. The Babylonia, the MedoPersia, and Greek systems were subdued into one universal government—the Roman. Pagan Rome built the Partheon, a house for the gods and goddesses of all nations; thus blending them together in one grand system of theogony. She offered to put a statue of Jesus with the rest ; but the iconoclastic Christians waged a war of words against all other deities but their own Trinity ; and ' the little horn' prevailed over all other civil governments upon the earth. But Daniel gives us the history of the rise of still another, and more interior power—'a little stone cut out of the mountain without hands.' 'I beheld till the thrones '—despotisms and monarchies—' were cast down, and the ancient of days did sit. A fiery stream issued and came forth before him; thousand thousands ministered unto him, and ten thousand times ten thousand stood before him: the judgment was set, and the books were opened.' Memory is the book; the memory of each individual—his and her history. It was not by adulation and praise, but by their lives, the product of their freeagency, that these souls ministered to and stood before the Ancient of Days. It was human history, the judgment day, in which the errors of each individual will be illuminated by the light of God's countenance, by the presentation of the abstract principles of right, as seen in the judgment upon human history, or accumulated human experience, as they exist in the Christ element, into which all the prophets, at the time of their prophesying, were baptized. This judgment scene is paralleled in John's vision, thus: ' And I saw a great white throne'—Shaker Order—'and her that sat on it, from whose face the (old) earth and the heaven'—the theologies of Babylon—'fled away; and there was no place for them' in the new spiritual, or Shaker Order. 'And I saw the dead, small and great,' in the spiritual world, ' stand before God; and the books were opened'—memories of their past histories ; ' and another book was opened, which is the book of life; ' because it is the memory of their present and future obedience to the testimony of Jesus, the principles and orders of the new creation. 'And the dead,' who had had the everlasting Gospel preached unto them, 'that they might be judged according to men in the flesh,' ' were judged out of those things that were written in the books, according to their works. And the sea— world—gave up the dead that were in it ; and death and hell,' not being eternal, 'delivered up the dead which were in them ; and they were judged every man' (and woman) 'ac- cording to their works ; and death and hell,' being mortal, ' were cast into the lake of fire,' and destroyed. ' This is the second death;' being the death of death itself; the destroyer is destroyed: he that leadeth into captivit}r is gone into captivity; and there remaineth life eternal. See the Shaker Order, under the title of New Jerusalem, still more minutely described in Rev. xxi. ' Because of the voice of the great words which the little horn spake, I beheld till the fourth beast was slain and his body destroyed, and given to the burning flame.' This fourth beast, or man-Republicanism, will be destroyed by the burning fire of truth, and a system of dual or true Republicanism will be THE SHAKER. 77 substituted therefor, in which the male and female elements will be equally represented in the executive, and will form the more interior order of the senate, with the house of representatives as an external covering; and having Divine revelation, conjoined to human experience, as the soul of the whole governmental system. ' As concerning the rest of the beasts, or systems, they had their dominion taken away; yet their lives were prolonged for a season and time.' What could better portray the gradual supplanting of one system by another, whether civil or ecclesiastical ? DUPLICATE VISION. The same ideas, represented to Daniel under different imagery. ' The four winds of heaven striving upon the great sea' of humanity, is a beautiful use of the natural to convey spiritual conceptions. ' The four beasts com' ing up from the sea, each diverse, as they follow in the grand procession of empires, is sublime symbolizing of truthful history then in the future, now actualized and actualizing. The great Image : head of gold—Baby Ion ; breast and arms of silver-—Medo^Persia; belly and thighs of brass— Greece; legs of iron— Imperial Rome ; feet and ten toes of iron and clay—man-Republicanism again. All the systems blended together in one history ; then comes ' the little stone cut without hands, which becomes a great mountain, filling the earth'—the Christ revelation. It smites the image upon its feet—in the latter days; and the iron, clay, brass, silver and gold are all broken in pieces together, not annihilated; for in Babylon—mixture—they all still exist, and nullify each other. The great image, and the four beasts, are duplicated history of male governments, which the revelation of the Mother element in deity and in humanity will remove, displace; and ' no place will be found for them.' For the dual natural civil government, and the dual spiritual religious government 'will fill the whole earth.' This will be the Millennial period, the culmination of all prophecy. ' I saw in the night visions, and, behold, one like the Son of man '—a female—' come with the clouds of heaven'—Shaker communities—'and came to the Ancient of Da}rs ; and they brought her near before him; and there was given her dominion and glorj^ and a kingdom'—the kingdom of heaven—' that all peoples, nations, and languages should serve her. Her dominion is an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away, and her kingdom that which shall not be destroyed.' This is the appearing of the Christ spirit in the female humanity, described by the Christ prophet, David, as 'the King's daughter, who was to forget her own people, and her father's house, that she might become the mother of spiritual offspring, whom she might make princes (and princesses) in all the earth; ' or, as the Christ prophet, John, ex- presses it, 'kings and priests unto God and the Lamb,' who should administer the resur- rection to the countless myriads of souls who had passed from earth, and were still in the generative order, in the spirit world. Well might the Spirit say (through David), ' I will make thy name to be remembered in (or by) all generations. Therefore shall the people praise thee forever and ever.' John says (Rev. 14: 14), ' I looked, and behold a white cloud, and upon the cloud one sat like unto the Son of man, having on her head a golden crown, and in her hand a sharp sickle.' Nothing so like the Son of man as the Daughter of man. 'An angel cried to her that sat upon the cloud '—Ann Lee—' Thrust in thy sickle, and reap; for the harvest of the earth is ripe. And she thrust in her sickle, and the earth was reaped.' Behold the days in which we live, and the great 'winepress of the wrath of God' against lust and war (which grows out of it) will be trodden without (or outside) the holy city—the spiritual Order—being in the natural order itself, which will execute judgment upon its own members; and 'blood will come out of the winepress, even unto the horses' bridles '—the guides and rulers of the Order. For the whole natural order, civil and ecclesiastical, is 'turned to blood.' The rulers and their people are alike baptized into the spirit of murder; for there is no place, nor people, excepting the Shakers, exempt therefrom; as Was shown in the late civil war. And the Shaker Order—' the little stone' —'the kingdom of heaven,' for the coming of which, humanity have all prayed, although as yet in only its mustard-seed state, is assuredly destined to become ' a great tree,' among whose branches the birds of heaven— the religious, spiritually-minded—can find food and shelter ; and beneath whose shade—the civil government—the beasts of earth—the natural or earthly-minded—can rest in peace, and ' none to make them afraid.' Thus constituting new heavens and a new earth, wherein will dwell, in place of oppression, war and bloodshed, peace and plenty, in universal righteousness.