Shakerism Extract from 'Hints towards Reform,' by Horace Greeley With the Shakers, so nick-named, I have some personal acquaintance, and I am not ashamed to own that I have been instructed and cheered by them. They have never been fairly appreciated by the world. Their utter condemnation of marriage and of individual property,* the grotesque ceremonies of Divine worship, and their incessant declamation against all departures from celibacy as impure and sinful, have repelled and disgusted nearly all who are not of their own body. But, might not a more expansive philosophy, a more liberal culture, discover in these very excesses a moral worthy of the gravest attention ? Are our relations as men and women so universally pure and exalted that we may rightly despise those who, unable to separate the palpable evil from the latent good, reject both together ? Is exclusive property so beneficent a feature in our social order, as practically exemplified around us, that we may fairly stigmatize those who, not needing its incitements to thrift or industry, see fit to decline them ? The peculiarities of Shaker worship I read- ily abandon to the ridicule of the caviller, only wishing that theirs were the only absurdities * This is a gross mistake on the part of a large majority; we never condemned either. G. A. L. THE 8HA.KER. 74 THE SECA.KEH. 75 committed in attempting to honor our Father in Heaven, and that no religious errors more popular and enduring than theirs were worse than simply ridiculous. When all that may be said against these simple-minded ascetics has been freely admitted, there is yet left enough in their character and history to challenge our admiration. They present the sublime and hope-inspir- ing spectacle of a community founded and built up on the conquest of the most inexorable appetites; lust, avarice, ambition, revenge —these are not merely discountenanced by the social economy of the Shakers, but this economy is based on their entire crucifixion. Nor can I see how any man can rationally conclude, as some have nevertheless asserted, that all this show of subduing the appetites is hypocrisy and a delusion. I can conceive no earthly motive for practicing so much outward self-denial, at so great inconvenience, and with no hope of honor, or popularity, but a certainty of the reverse, if not based on obe- dience to an inward conviction. The uncharitable theory supposes a refinement of absurdity and self-annoyance which never yet possessed for any period the brain of any sane man, much less of a whole community for ages. Let us, then, profit by the lessons which these enthusiasts read us, while discarding their unpardonable errors. Let us remember that they have solved for us the problem of the possibility, the practicability, of a social condition from which the twin curses, pauperism and servitude, .shall be utterly banished. They have shown how pleasant may be the labors, how abundant the comforts, of a community wherein no man aspires to be lord over his brethren, no man grasps for himself, but each is animated by a spirit of devotion to the common good. When I have stood among the quiet homes of this unaspiring, unpoetical people, and marked how they have steadily, surely, advanced from abject poverty to amplest competence ; when I have observed how their patient but never excessive toil has transformed rugged barrenness into smiling fertility and beauty, how could I refrain from thinking lightly of that blind dogmatism which asserts the im- possibility of inducing men to labor except for their own selfish gratification, and affirms the necessity of the stimulus of personal acquisition to save mankind from sinking back into the darkness and destitution of barbarism ?