How to be an Angel BT H. L. EADES It is but rational to conclude that all who enter the kingdom of heaven, in the spirit world, on leaving this, are angels (I go, said Christ, to prepare a place for you—John 14: 2, 3), and that they became so, previous to their entrance there. How to become so is the grand problem the world has been trying to solve from Adam to the present hour. For this purpose are all religions instituted among men, that they may be prepared to reach the home of angels when their bodies are consigned to dust. If this be true, it is important that we should know how to become angels, before we ascend to knock at the pearly gates, lest it may be said to us, ' Depart from me, I never knew you.' Comte says, every ' Religion demands the concurrence of two spontaneous influences: the objective—intellectual; the subjective— moral.' He should have said spiritual, but thank him for not making the animal a neces- sity. One thing is very certain, and that is : All religions that ever existed were, in the beginning, precisely alike, that is, their basic pillars are the same; all the deviations arise from the modes of building after the religious idea is conceived. The first is a feeling of dependence on some power above that of man; the second is the desire to know something of that being or power on whom they depend; the third is the desire to know how to act to propitiate his favor, and come into harmony with him ; the fourth is to pray to, love, and worship him. These are the basic pillars of all religions, and as said, all the variations after this arise from the modes adopted by each to accomplish the above ends. Leaving all others for the present, I will present the true Christian or Shaker plan, which is, in a nutshell: to confess, repent of, and forsake all sin; take Jesus Christ as our exemplar; follow his footsteps, and live the pure, chaste, and holy life that he lived. 1 might stop right here, only for the fact that thousands declare the impossibility of mortals bearing so great a cross, or living a life so pure as to become angels on earth—to be ' overcomers as Christ overcame,' and thus secure our right to sit with him in his kingdom. But as'it has been done, and is now done, I propose briefly and inductively to tell how, after assuming the above pure conditions necessary to our union with Christ. 'Religion,' says Gould, ' undertakes to encourage man with hopes; if he will expend his vital energy in the development of his higher powers, he will be happier. It also deters him by threats from resisting his spiritual instincts, and burying them in fleshly indulgence,' legal or illegal. ' For man's faculties sweep far beyond the development of his sensual life. He derives his liveliest gratifications and acutest pain from objects to which his animal consciousness is a stranger ' He further adds this great truism: 'If man requires a great exemplar, so does woman require one, too. A religious system which would provide man with a model, and leave woman destitute of one, is imperfect, and inadequate to supply the wants of human nature.' Thus he makes his own Roman Catholic, and all other religions inadequate, Shakers alone excepted, who have Mother Ann Lee as the exemplar of womankind, who bore the same testimony, led the same life, and overcome the same adversary as did Jesus Christ, her Lord. Thank him for the compliment. What I shall say is equally necessary for both sexes to know and practice, in order to become angels, and must ask pardon for any necessary plainness which may exceed their sense of the true bounds of modesty. It is a matter well known to physiologists that all have the power, by their will, to direct and precipitate the vital forces to any part of the system, to develop and strengthen the animal, intellectual, or spiritual brain, or any of the organs of the body. ' For intellectual development, the spontaneous force must be precipitated on the cerebral hemispheres. For sentimental [spiritual] development, it must be turned upon the sensory ganglia. For animal development, upon the cerebellum, or lower brain. That luxury and sexual indulgence are ruinous to mental, and therefore to moral health, is well known to physicians.' In man, the intellect is coupled either with the spiritual, sentimental, or animal brain, at pleasure. When it is coupled with the cerebellum, it is for the purpose of inventing means to aid and heighten animal pleasures; when coupled with the cerebrum, it is for the purpose of devising means for spiritual growth and happiness. 'Now [the highest] happiness is to be found either in the co-ordination of all the faculties, mental and bodily (and this the sensualist claims), or in the development of the highest, at the expense of those less noble. If a man is content to remain on the dead level of the majority of other men, he will adopt the first course. If he feels a desire to rise above them, he will adopt the second.' Now, because God has endowed us with animal and lower faculties, as well as the spiritual and higher, it does not relieve us from culpability when we submit to the rule of the former instead of the latter, because he has made us 'masters of the situation.' ' The government of the passions,' says Locke, 'is the right improvement of liberty; nor let any one say he cannot govern his passions [if he take the proper means in time], nor hinder them from breaking out, and carrying him into action ; for what he can do before a prince or great man, he can do alone, or in the presence of God, if he will.' In order to retain this ability, the work must be begun in the mind, and the vital forces precipitated upon the cerebral hemispheres, and not upon the cerebellum and animal organs. ' What I say unto one, I say unto all, watch.'' When the mind is permitted to dwell on sensual delights, the vital currents are directed to the generative organs, when a state of orgasm is induced, and active and vigorous secretions there commenced, and graduated at the expense of the higher faculties and upper brain; for nearly seven per cent, of the solids of the adult brain is pure phosphorus, and this, to be continually posited in the generative system and cerebellum, makes the man or woman a brute, and the cross of Christ and higher life become to either an impossibility, yea, not even desired by them, so thoroughly subdued are all their spiritual aspirations. They now can join with Heine in saying, 'I scorn the heavenly plains above me, In the blest land of Paradise,' or with the exclamation of Jean Reynaud, 'Ah ! Christ, how your paradise scares me ! I prefer my life with its lights and shadows, tribulations and pains, to that blank immortality with its sanctimonious peace.' This is the sunken, low, and hardened condition that mortals reach who allow their thoughts to run on sensual and carnal things, instead of intellectual and spiritual. When even a state of orgasm is not perceptible, the indulgence in luxuries and carnal thinking will polarize the phosphoric fires on the cerebellum, and strengthen the animal, which will predominate, govern, and direct the body. We then hear the complaint, ' Oh, I can't bear the cross; were it not for this one requirement, I would join the Shakers forthwith,' etc. But you can bear the cross, the weakest mortal, if you will take the course indicated; but if you do the contrary, all your prayers will be unavailable, for then 'A transient gust, Spent in a sudden storm of lnst,' will be the consequence. There is no retreat, as some suppose, by reabsorption into the blood, by the will, of misspent organic life, and thence carried to the upper brain for spiritual uses. Its stand is taken ; it will not retreat. ' The wise foreseeth the evil, and hide themselves, but the simple go on, and are punished.' Yea, the simpletons go on, repeating the process again and again—resolve and fail, and re-resolve and fail, until they become wholly subdued by sensuality, their angel of hope droops her wings, and they sink in the gulf of despair. Then they may well repeat to themselves the vision of Jean Paul, 'All around me is a wide, petrified humanity. In the dark, unpeopled stillness no love glows, no admiration, no hope, no aim—I so all alone ! Within me the dumb, blind Demigorgon is concealed, and I am in it. So I proceed into eternity—and who knows me, and hears my sorrow ?—I. Who knows me, and hears to all eternity?—I.' Now, by heeding what I have said, this terrible state can be avoided. Take not, I beseech you, my young friends, the first backward step, then the second will never be taken. But bear with me a few moments longer, if it be not too great a strain upon your patience and modesty, whilst I state a few things it would be the part of wisdom to avoid, though considered by many, harmless and inoffensive. I address those now who really desire in their hearts to be successful in cross-bearing, and gaining the pure angelic state. Those who chant the little popular song, ' I want to be an angel, and with the angels dwell,' will find it necessary to avail themselves of the smallest advantages, to insure a speedy progress to the angel condition. It is written, 'Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.' But it is a poor time to resist, after you have invited him into your sanctum, and embraced him. Those who really desire purity above all things, will refrain from reading novels and love stories, or singing worldly love songs, or any sexual dalliance; arm-in-arm promenades; moonlight riding, and masquerades, balls, bacchanal carousals. Such will find the words of Byron but too true: ' The gay companions of the bowl Dispel awhile the sense of ill j Though pleasures fire the nmdd'nlng soul, The heart—the heart—is lonely still.' Yea, things that seem still smaller, ma}r be noted, such as holding the fingers after the grasp of friendly recognition; fondling with dogs, cats, and other animal pets (' without are dogs,' etc.); looking at and contemplating half nude pictures; reading stories of crim. con., and unnecessary conversation thereon. Yea, the truly earnest soul will take the Christ stand, rejecting all partial affections of natural kindred (since now you have a better), husband, wife, children, father, mother, brother, sister, uncle, aunt, cousin, or what not. If, since you have chosen the spiritual relation, they will not come with you, let them have the natural; being 'joined to their idols, let them alone.' All these, and stich like things, precipitate the vital forces downward, and strengthen the animal nature—yea, ' cause the animal nature to tread out the life of the spiritual nature, and lower man to the beast, and this is sin.' As the old saying is, they ' make Jordan a hard road to travel.' But let no discourage- ments come over your spirits, or weaken your resolutions, for complete victory is within your grasp. These are the words of experience. The maxim is true, ' Whatever can be diminished, can be destroyed.' Only keep up the diminishing process, and the end, to your great joy, will surely come, when 3'ou will fully realize the truth of Pope's beautiful picture : 'Happy the blameless vestal's lot, The world forgetting, by the world forgot; Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind, Each prayer accepted, and each wish resigned. Labor and rest, that eqnal periods keep; Obedient slumbers that can wake or weep; Desires composed, affections ever even; Tears that delight, and sighs that waft to heaven. Grace shines around them with serenest beams, And whispering angels paint their golden dreams.'