Natural Religion BY F. W. EVANS Is religion natural, that necessitates the murder of human beings ? In China, the problem of population versus faith has been solved so far as the propagative order is concerned. There, four hundred millions of human beings have been stationary and stagnant for thousands of years, kept so by the law that two things cannot exist in the same place at the same time. Not having sufficient foreign or domestic war to check population, China has legalized childmurder by parents; and, for ages, female infants have been and are still exposed, as was Moses, in little fragile arks, on some pond, or lake, or river, as soon as born, there to perish, or be rescued, as the case may be. There is simply space for no more human beings; nor is the power revealed amongst them to dry up the great river Euphrates, the river of human, animal propagation. J. B. Bradley, formerly Consul to China, is my authority for these facts. In India, unknown ages ago, the same conditions were met by the institution of a spiritual celibate order-—Indian Shakerism; Maria Childs asserting that thousands of monasteries and nunneries flourished in that country many ages before it was visited b}' Roman Catholic missionaries. No ancient highly civilized nation is known which did not possess similar institutions. Egypt had her Theraputes, and the Jews their Essenes, all down through their history to the time of Jesus, who himself was educated in that remarkable order, which so correctly portrayed American Shakerism. As the Chinese have set their faces towards the western continent, which seems to be the reservoir for the overplus population of the world, it is only a matter of time as to how soon the same point will be reached in these United States, that China has touched so many ages in the past. Will any form of theology that now exists in this new world meet and solve this problem, except it be American Shakerism ? In other words, is there any other that is justly entitled to be termed a scientific and natural religion ? it being the only system that makes provision for two orders—the natural, or propagative, and the spiritual, or resurrection ; each possessing its own dual government distinct from the other, like the moon and the sun. 'When, by increased knowledge of law, and obedience thereto, there shall be 'no more pain, nor sorrow, nor sighing,' nor premature death, the result of physical disease, and war shall be a thing of the past; when there shall be no more poor, for all shall inherit the earth, Shakerism will be the last and only hope of the race; the godly and natural agency to balance the principle of population, and to check the unnatural increase of human beings on this limited earth.