Sketches of Shaker Life.—No. 1 We very agreeably comply with an urgent demand to know the inner life of the Shakers, when we begin these 'Sketches,' and give notice of their continuance. We are often asked: ' Are you happy?' 'How do you amuse yourselves?' 'Does your business engross your whole attention ?' These are a few from a multitude of questions constantly recurring. Ere we conclude these ' Sketches' you will know. We were one of a happy party of four that took the early Boston and Albany train for Canaan, N. Y., being invited to a SOCIAL GATHERING, under the auspices of the Novitiate Order of Mt. Lebanon. Arriving at the Canaan Families not far from 8 o'clock a.m., we leaped from the carriage with hungry stomachs, but with merry hearts, received by Sister Louisa Green and others. Breakfast was waiting for us, prepared by our Sister Marcia, and this thirty miles from home ! We again entered the carriage, and were conveyed to Mt. Canaan, only 150 perches from the buildings—a spot made by nature to greet the children of Grace where, upon our arrival, nearly fifty voices, singing in harmony, opened a welcome hymn, while, from all around, beginning with the Elders, and extending to the multitude, greetings of welcome met our eyes, ears and feeling, while the trees and undergrowth seemed to lend their assistance to the mountain breezes, to accord with the hundreds of voices in the jubilee of welcome. The school children had remembered us, for their busy fingers had worked upon a wire net-work, with tiny white flowers, the letters in good Roman— Welcome ! A large awning, on the top of the hill, was sufficient covering for all, in case of a storm— which, however, they never have needed for this, as the best of weather has annually cheered the spot for twelve years, by some arrangement Elder Frederick claims to have made with 'Old Probabilities.' Seated 'neath the monstrous tent, a set of 'Resolutions' Were in order; their tenor being, that each one assembling there, should love every other body present! Of course, so easy a rule was adopted unanimously. A dialogue followed, spoken by eight of the children, upon ' Useful Knowledge,' which was well arranged and nicely spoken, closing with a pretty song. Individual contributions or essajrs, prepared for the occasion, were next in order, and these gave evidence of having been filled with the results of good mental culture, and deep, religious feelings. Again the choir sung 'Jerusalem ' in harmony, and with such spirit as to remind one of a thorough-going Methodist after his baptism by Shakerism ! Now a very agreeable circumstance was enacted : Six or eight young sisters spoke for half an hour or more, a dialogue of their own composition, upon ' The Fundamental Principles of Shakerism.' Its composition and deliver}* were worthy of any institution of learning, and contained so much information that is worthily and eagerly sought for by many, that we urged its publication. Next, we had an address by Elder F. W. Evans, upon ' Active Shakerism ;' and by Eldress Antoinette, upon the ' Purpose and Value of this Jubilee;' then a few remarks by the writer, upon ' The Honor due Modern Saints ;' when recess and refreshments followed; then lemon juice and frozen cream mingled very agreeably with our mortality. Soon, a call to dinner : and now, oh, ye epicures, attention ! ye who dream that meals without meats are without pleasure or profit, look over the tables ! The tables could not groan, or they would, beneath the weight of fruits, flowers, vegetables, custards; all the products of the dairy, and these conjoined to the cereal class. Here was 'the staff of life,' unrobbed of its muscle-making bran, which is so basely displaced by violence to the animal creation, and with such poor returns, by the yet xmcivilized bar- barities of our age ! Here was a table that would have adorned any Eden ever thought of; and while we joyed in its health-giving pleasures, the flocks and the herds, whose dead carcasses would have disgraced the occasion, were frolicking in the fields, praising God with us ! Next followed a very agreeable chit-chat, which amounted to a real love-feast, and this 78 THE SHAKER. might have continued ad infinitum, had not a call to the tent notified all that our time of departure had arrived. Now we received love ; and now we realized more than ever, that hosts of the invisible world were enjoying with us the beauties of the occasion. A beautiful farewell song was rendered for us, as our carriage arrived to convey us back to the depot; and here ended the loveliest six hours of our existence. And as we left the grounds, we responded in our hearts: Farewell, dear, loving souls! You whom the world at large look upon as robbed of all comfort, you, alone, are the true comfort-takers ; for, as you shake from your souls the bondage of sin and selfishness, all heaven flows in upon you. Yours is already a life eternal ; ' a thing of beauty, a joy forever.' All was concert, all was love ; and here was a Shaker Picnic—a Social Gathering—where souls, whose lives are thoroughly virginal, were giving and receiving an affectionate love, unequaled by anything else in the world. True Shakers are happy. One place on earth, thank God, can that, which has been said to exist only in the dictionary—' happiness'— be found and continually enjoyed; and this place is in a Shaker life, at a Social Gathering, with F. W. Evans, Levi Shaw, Antoinette Doolittle and Olive Holden as its living heads —who are, most truly, ' the servants of all' their people. We never expect to be worthy of a second invitation; but whoso is the guest, let him or her 'proclaim it upon the housetop.' *