What is a Celibate? Dear Elder Giles B. Avert :—On last Feb. 26, I sent a communication to The Shaker for insertion. It was headed, ' Second Revelation of the Gospel,' in which was set forth my objections to the statement, ' Christ has made his second appearance in a woman—in Ann Lee,' or to the kindred phrases such as 'Christ's second appearance;' ' He, Christ, has made his second appearance in a woman.' 1 set forth how I was puzzled with this phraseology, when in my youth I first tried to grasp Shaker theology. In those days of my simplicity, when I had but one single idea represented by the word Christ, to wit, the man Jesus, I had not then learned the hocus pocus game that might be played with that protean term—how many changes of form, and different meanings it could be made to represent. Christ then to me represented nothing but the man Jesus, and how He could come in a woman was past my comprehension ! When I came to learn the real facts of the case, the true interpretation was this : That the man Jesus had in his day revealed the true way of salvation— the Gospel; that Revelation was ultimately lost, and after a thousand sects with as many different gospels, and through many centuries, had cried lo ! here, and lo ! there, proclaiming their false gospels, behold, the true Gospel, which Jesus the Christ had first revealed, was now revealed a second time, by and through a woman. So, then, it was not Jesus the Christ—the man that had come the second time, but his Gospel had been revealed a second time. This, I belieA^e, is a fair outline of the communication above mentioned, and I close this preliminary by stating that I was not much disappointed that it was not published, nor have I the least dissatisfied feeling toward our good editor, believing that he only exercised his undoubted right. The following communication I had designed as No. 2 to the one above outlined; but as that was not accepted, I do not present this for publication, but for the consideration of our much beloved Central Ministry, and for them to dispose of as they may think proper. There is a term which has, I think, come into vogue within the last fifteen or twenty years, which I think is very improper, and ought to be dropped, as it really misrepresents, and does not convey the idea intended. The word is celibacy, and its kindred term celibate. The first is thus defined by Worcester : ' The life or state of a person unmarried, a single life.' The other, as a noun, is defined: ' One who adheres to,, or practices celibacy ; an unmarried man, a bachelor.''' As an adjective, this word is defined, 'unmarried, single.' Not one idea of virginity, continency, or even chastity in either of these definitions—nothing that implies the least restraint on licentiousness, or the libidinous instinct. In fact the 'bachelors and unmarried men' of our cities are the most thorough debauchees, and in calling ourselves celibates, we rank ourselves with this class. In olden time we carefully avoided professing celibacy, and assumed to be virgins, to live virgin or continent lives. I do not object to the terms ' celibate ' 8O THE S H A. K E Pt . and ' celibacy' because they are of recent introduction among us, but because they really misrepresent us. For myself, I had rather be called a monk than a celibate. There are thousands of celibates throughout our country, but very few who live continently, or live in virgin purity. Those who do not so live, would do quite as well or better to take Paul's counsel : ' If thej' cannot contain, let them marry.' As one of our poets says : 'If they're In pain, and can't contain, And will not serve the Lord, yon know, Then sure they mast live in their lnst, And take their just reward, yon know.' One thing is certain: the term celibate cannot be applied to Shakers distinctively, and we must have it, if at all, in common with a class whose purity of life is very questionable, or rather unquestionably impure and unchaste. As observed above, we did not in former days use the terms celibacy and celibate, as characteristic of our lives and practice, and it was intentionally avoided. I can remember well that our good elder of the novitiate order would often correct outside inquirers, when they called the Shakers ' celibates,' or spoke of our living lives of ' celibacy.' He would give them a definition of the words, and show them that thejr did not characterize or distinctively apply to us. Whoever will examine our early publications, will discover that these terms were never used by our former writers. ' The Kentucky Revival ' was published in 1807; 'The Testimony' in 1808; ' The Manifesto ' in 1818; ' The Mil. Ch.' in 1823, and 'The Book of Testimonies' in 1827, besides divers smaller pamphlets, and I question whether those objectionable terms can be found in any of those works. There is another unanswerable objection to applying the terms in question as characteristic of the Shaker society or institution. They represent the males only. The females, full one-half of the community, are ignored and unrepresented. There is not the least respect paid to 'woman's rights.' Again, there is a respectable proportion of the members of these societies who are married people. They, too, are unrepresented, and a chosen few, who can properly be called celibates, represent and give name to the whole community. Is it true that all married men who come into our Society, thereby become celibates? I see in the statistics of London, 1860, they number celibates or bachelors by themselves, and make a distinct class of the ividowers, confining the celibate class to single adult males who had never been married. A certain man once informed me that he was raised in the city of New York, and was apprenticed to a mechanic who carried ok his trade in that city, and employed several other apprentices. It was the custom of this man to take his apprentice boys once a week to a house of prostitution, and there indulged to the full. He was a ' celibate,' and his apprentice, my informant, was now forty years old, and he had practiced what his master had taught him—celibacy. He was a ' bachelor, a single man, a celibate!' Ay, there are thousands of such celibates to one Shaker in this wicked world of ours; and though I am willing to call them brothers, as being of the same race, yet, to go by the same name, as a religious characteristic or designation, I emphatically do object. There are divers cases outside of our Society, in which the heads of families, the husband and wife, take separate lodgings, and live strictly continent or virgin lives, and yet keep their families together, and apparently live like other people. Are they celibates, bachelors, single people ? In fact we must come at last to confining the application of the term celibates to the few adult males of our community, and leave the whole sisterhood, all the married males, and all the adolescent class unrepresented; or drop the title celibate, and call ourselves by a name that will legitimately represent the whole. As it is now, our testimony to mankind should be, ' Come and join us, and be bachelors, live single, and eschew marriage.' And as our title does not recognize the sisterhood, we should say, 'If any women choose to join us, we will give them the honorable title of ' old maids,' which is the proper correlative of ' bachelor.' ' But if we cast away our inadequate and absurd title, what shall we have in its stead ? There is none better than virgin. Though this is more commonly ap- plied to females, yet there is the very best of authority for applying it to males. Jeremiah, ch. 31:13, calls young men and old virgins. One of Worcester's definitions of the word virgin is, 'a male who has preserved his chastity.' He refers for authority to Rev. 14 : 4 : ' These are they which are not defiled with women, for the}r are virgins.' Not being defiled with women shows that they were males. Parkhurst, in his Lexicon, de- fines the Greek word for virgin [parthenos], 'A person in a virgin state,' and adds, 'The word plainly includes both sexes.' Let us then boldly assume our proper title, and honor it by our lives. Your Brother, R. W. Pelham