Reminiscences BY D. A. BUCKINGHAM HOXESTY TUB BEST POLICY. It was the labor of Mother Ann and the irst Elders to impress upon the minds of their mmediate successors, or members of the then Shaker fraternity, the importance of true honesty and just dealing, one with another, and with all mankind. They were so strenuous on his subject, that they thought it wrong to take even the amount of a pin of that which did not &gt;elong to them personally, in any dishonest way. If necessity pressed anyone to take or use that which belonged to or was under the care of another (in their absence), it was to be returned to its place immediately after using, and an acknowledgment rendered, or restitution made or offered to the owner or caretaker, as soon thereafter as consistent. Special care was taken to avoid all grievances and all wrangling; knowing that small errors led to greater ones, as does a ' little leaven leaven the whole lump,' or as the ' little foxes spoil the vines.' This agrees with the testimony of Jesus, that, ' Whosoever shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven.3' Or, according to the Apostle James, that, 'Whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all.' Thus the necessity of being strictly honest, dealing justly, walking uprightly, in all places and cases. To some persons it may appear like folly to be thus mindful in small matters. But in the observance or non-observance of minor duties or things, we testify to each other, and to all around us, the principle by which we are governed—whether by the true spirit of honesty, or by the spirit of selfishness and double-dealing. In a fraternity like ours, where all things are held in common, and no one in truth and reality calleth anything, of all he possesses, his own, how important it is to closely adhere to the fundamental principles and rules by which our first founders were guided and governed. There is a just and proper way oi doing things, and of dealing one with another. Let us have the right. We read that ' God's house is a house of order, and not of confusion.' So each and every person, with each and every thing, make up the consecrated whole—the common Brotherhood; all of which —though not mine nor thine—is yet under the special care and superintendence of some individual or individuals, and is ours. Would it not be well for the present anc rising generation of believers in Christ's second appearing, to compare themselves with the above, and see how nearly they carry out the principles inculcated by our first founders ?