Correspondence The following letter was written by a Shaker sister to a lady in Mt. Holly, N. J. As it contains answers to ever-recurring questions, we place it before the readers of The Shaker. with pleasure; and shall give other letters from the same pen to the same individual, as space will permit us: * ' Dear Sister Mary : —We feel it a duty to ' be ready always to give an answer to every one that asketh a reason of the hope that is in us.' But I am no theologian, and cannot pretend to answer your questions in orthodox style, but will endeavor to give you true and simple answers according to my own experience, feelings and reflections. You ask, ' What were the reasons these good men and women had for retiring from the busy world and leading the life they do r' No other reason or motive than a purely religious one—an intense desire to live pure and spotless lives—in a word, a desire to become true Christians—true followers of Jesus. Not merety outward followers, but to gain and possess his inner life —his spirit. * If any man have not the spirit of Christ he is none of His.' Kom. 8 : 9. And if we have His spirit it will be manifest in us hj our • ivallting even as he walked J 1 John 2 : 6. You next ask: ' What reasons do you give for dissolving the ties of husband and wife, parent and child—the ties which we consider, of all others, the most binding ?' Perhaps you will understand me as thoroughly as by any other answer I could give, were I to say, we dissolve those ties for similar reasons, that a young man ' forsakes father and mother and joins himself to a wife.' He has outgrown his childish and boyish affections and ties, and looks upon the married relation as a higher enjoyment and happier life. So the Christian, when he becomes 'wedded' to Christ—when he gets a taste of divine, unselfish love—when he feels that same sacred and holy tie of love to Christ in his true members—in his brethren and sisters in Christ—he is weaned from all partial, sensual and lower loves, and gives his whole heart and all his faculties to the building up and support of this holy relation and institution. And who can doubt that this divine, spiritual life of Christian love is infinitely higher, holier and happier than the sensual life of the world, with all its comparatively low ties and relationships ? If the Christian institution has no ties, no loves, no relationships nor enjoyments which equal those natural ties and relations of the world, as professing Christians testify, what can it do for the world ? How make them happier or better ? And with all reverence I would THE SHA.K1ER. 79 ask : Why should Jesus expect that men and women would forsake fathers, mothers, wives and children, houses and lands for His sake, and in order to become His disciples, as he required, unless His religion and its relationships would afford them higher enjoyments ? Indeed, our Saviour did promise 'a hundred fold' of gospel relations in exchange for the natural relations of the world, which He required them to forsake. This increased and spiritual relationship is the promised inheritance of Christ's true followers; and to us this promise is fulfilled. The inworking of the spirit of Christ ultimately develops this high and holy state of the affections, and those who hear its still, small voice and follow it diligently will surely be led in the right way; and this, dear sister, is my prayer in regard to you. 'It is according to the spirit and practice of the world to propagate its species; but the spirit and work of Christ and of Christians, who are one with him, is to save those that are propagated. And they have business enough of their own, without meddling with that of the world, out of which the}r are called and chosen. ' Come ye out from among them.' 'I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you,' saith the Saviour to His followers. So, then, as it is the law of the first Adam, and the propagating order to 'forsake father and mother and cleave to the wife,' it is the law of Christ and His order or institution, to 'forsake father and mother, wife and children,' 'all' for Christ's sake a»d the Gospel. Luke 14: 26, etc. Of course, if any of these relations choose to go with the Christian into the higher spiritual life of Christian love, they will be embraced in that impartial love on equal terms with others. The Gospel is an expansion of love, not requiring us to love our natural relations less, but to love others more, and all on a different and higher principle. It is only such as hate and reject Christ that are to be forsaken, and even they are still to be loved and prayed for. We can only know the spirit of Jesus by His teaching and example, till the same spirit takes its abode in us and becomes a saving power On a certain occasion, Jesus was teaching an assembly, mostly of his disciples, and some one informed him that his mother and brother stood without, desiring to see him. He did not do as the spirit of the world would have dictated; he illustrated his teachings by hi example. He asked, ' Who is my mother r and who are my brethren ?' and he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples, and said ' Behold my mother and my brethren ! Whosoever doeth the will of my Father in Heaven, the same is mjr mother, sister and brother.' Mat. 12: 48, etc. Thus He rejected all mere fleshly ties, and gave His disciples a practica lesson to do the same. He owned no parenta! relations except those of a spiritual nature With him the mere fleshly relations of the world were nothing; those of the kingdom o God everything. On another occasion, Jesu? assured His disciples, ' that there is no man that has left house, or parents, or brethren, or wife, for the kingdom of God's sake, who shal not receive manifold more in this present time and in the world to come life everlasting.' Luke 18: 29. In Mark, 10: 30, the things ;o be received and enjoyed in this present life, instead of those forsaken, are more particuarly specified. • Houses, and brethren, and sisters, and mothers, and children, and lands.' STow, as all the names of relations here mentioned as being restored are the names of spiritual relations, We must see that • wife,' though mentioned among those to be forsaken, is not named among those to be restored, because it is the name of a carnal or fleshly relation—a relation not known to the kingdom of Heaven or Church of God. In view of these sayings and doings of Jesus Christ, and more that might be mentioned, we think the question, ' What reason have we for dissolving the ties of husband and wife,' is the same as to ask why we have become practical Christians— real followers of Jesus Christ. We have dissolved those ties because He required it of all that would become His disciples—Luke 14: 26 because our spiritual natures demand it— because we hungered and thirsted for righteousness, and were totally dissatisfied with our own earthly, sinful, sensual lives, and because we longed for a higher, holier inner and outer life than could be found in any of the earth relations. I know it is as you say, that those natural ties ' are, of all others, the most binding.' And it is a sorrowful fact that they bind too many from entering into the more happy relations of the kingdom of God. ' You further ask what reason I can give for men and women living in celibacy. This question, I think, has been alreadjr in some measure answered, and much more might be said on the subject; but the very best reason we can give is, that Jesus, who was set as an example, that we should follow His steps, did set us this example, and encouraged us by the promise of all the blessings of earth and Heaven, of time and eternity, to follow him in this thing—to forsake wife or husband— forsake all for His sake and the Gospel. You add : ' Marriage was appointed by God— by it the human race is propagated.' So it was appointed by God, and so is celibacy. The first was given to the old man, Adam— the second to the New Man, Christ. Therefore Christians are required to ' put off the old man with his deeds, and put on the new man, which, according to God, is created in righteousness and true holiness.' ' The first man (Adam) is of the earth, earthy; the second man (Christ) is the Lord from Heaven; and as is the earthy, so also are they that are earthy; and as is the heavenly, so also are they that are heavenly.' See 1 Cor. 15: 47, 48, etc. That is, the followers of the first Adam are like him, and the followers of the second man (Christ) are like him. ' No man can serve two masters.' And now, sister, you say, ' Perhaps I think you should not ask such things.' But indeed I do think you should ask just such things, and as many more as you may feel an interest in asking; and if, in my broken and fragmentary way, I have satisfactorily answered you in any one point, I shall be pleased. If I have failed, do tr}^ me again. Tell me where the lack is, and I will try and do better next time. ' Truly your friend, Sarah.' What is a Celibate? Dear Elder Giles B. Avert :—On last Feb. 26, I sent a communication to The Shaker for insertion. It was headed, ' Second Revelation of the Gospel,' in which was set forth my objections to the statement, ' Christ has made his second appearance in a woman—in Ann Lee,' or to the kindred phrases such as 'Christ's second appearance;' ' He, Christ, has made his second appearance in a woman.' 1 set forth how I was puzzled with this phraseology, when in my youth I first tried to grasp Shaker theology. In those days of my simplicity, when I had but one single idea represented by the word Christ, to wit, the man Jesus, I had not then learned the hocus pocus game that might be played with that protean term—how many changes of form, and different meanings it could be made to represent. Christ then to me represented nothing but the man Jesus, and how He could come in a woman was past my comprehension ! When I came to learn the real facts of the case, the true interpretation was this : That the man Jesus had in his day revealed the true way of salvation— the Gospel; that Revelation was ultimately lost, and after a thousand sects with as many different gospels, and through many centuries, had cried lo ! here, and lo ! there, proclaiming their false gospels, behold, the true Gospel, which Jesus the Christ had first revealed, was now revealed a second time, by and through a woman. So, then, it was not Jesus the Christ—the man that had come the second time, but his Gospel had been revealed a second time. This, I belieA^e, is a fair outline of the communication above mentioned, and I close this preliminary by stating that I was not much disappointed that it was not published, nor have I the least dissatisfied feeling toward our good editor, believing that he only exercised his undoubted right. The following communication I had designed as No. 2 to the one above outlined; but as that was not accepted, I do not present this for publication, but for the consideration of our much beloved Central Ministry, and for them to dispose of as they may think proper. There is a term which has, I think, come into vogue within the last fifteen or twenty years, which I think is very improper, and ought to be dropped, as it really misrepresents, and does not convey the idea intended. The word is celibacy, and its kindred term celibate. The first is thus defined by Worcester : ' The life or state of a person unmarried, a single life.' The other, as a noun, is defined: ' One who adheres to,, or practices celibacy ; an unmarried man, a bachelor.''' As an adjective, this word is defined, 'unmarried, single.' Not one idea of virginity, continency, or even chastity in either of these definitions—nothing that implies the least restraint on licentiousness, or the libidinous instinct. In fact the 'bachelors and unmarried men' of our cities are the most thorough debauchees, and in calling ourselves celibates, we rank ourselves with this class. In olden time we carefully avoided professing celibacy, and assumed to be virgins, to live virgin or continent lives. I do not object to the terms ' celibate ' 8O THE S H A. K E Pt . and ' celibacy' because they are of recent introduction among us, but because they really misrepresent us. For myself, I had rather be called a monk than a celibate. There are thousands of celibates throughout our country, but very few who live continently, or live in virgin purity. Those who do not so live, would do quite as well or better to take Paul's counsel : ' If thej' cannot contain, let them marry.' As one of our poets says : 'If they're In pain, and can't contain, And will not serve the Lord, yon know, Then sure they mast live in their lnst, And take their just reward, yon know.' One thing is certain: the term celibate cannot be applied to Shakers distinctively, and we must have it, if at all, in common with a class whose purity of life is very questionable, or rather unquestionably impure and unchaste. As observed above, we did not in former days use the terms celibacy and celibate, as characteristic of our lives and practice, and it was intentionally avoided. I can remember well that our good elder of the novitiate order would often correct outside inquirers, when they called the Shakers ' celibates,' or spoke of our living lives of ' celibacy.' He would give them a definition of the words, and show them that thejr did not characterize or distinctively apply to us. Whoever will examine our early publications, will discover that these terms were never used by our former writers. ' The Kentucky Revival ' was published in 1807; 'The Testimony' in 1808; ' The Manifesto ' in 1818; ' The Mil. Ch.' in 1823, and 'The Book of Testimonies' in 1827, besides divers smaller pamphlets, and I question whether those objectionable terms can be found in any of those works. There is another unanswerable objection to applying the terms in question as characteristic of the Shaker society or institution. They represent the males only. The females, full one-half of the community, are ignored and unrepresented. There is not the least respect paid to 'woman's rights.' Again, there is a respectable proportion of the members of these societies who are married people. They, too, are unrepresented, and a chosen few, who can properly be called celibates, represent and give name to the whole community. Is it true that all married men who come into our Society, thereby become celibates? I see in the statistics of London, 1860, they number celibates or bachelors by themselves, and make a distinct class of the ividowers, confining the celibate class to single adult males who had never been married. A certain man once informed me that he was raised in the city of New York, and was apprenticed to a mechanic who carried ok his trade in that city, and employed several other apprentices. It was the custom of this man to take his apprentice boys once a week to a house of prostitution, and there indulged to the full. He was a ' celibate,' and his apprentice, my informant, was now forty years old, and he had practiced what his master had taught him—celibacy. He was a ' bachelor, a single man, a celibate!' Ay, there are thousands of such celibates to one Shaker in this wicked world of ours; and though I am willing to call them brothers, as being of the same race, yet, to go by the same name, as a religious characteristic or designation, I emphatically do object. There are divers cases outside of our Society, in which the heads of families, the husband and wife, take separate lodgings, and live strictly continent or virgin lives, and yet keep their families together, and apparently live like other people. Are they celibates, bachelors, single people ? In fact we must come at last to confining the application of the term celibates to the few adult males of our community, and leave the whole sisterhood, all the married males, and all the adolescent class unrepresented; or drop the title celibate, and call ourselves by a name that will legitimately represent the whole. As it is now, our testimony to mankind should be, ' Come and join us, and be bachelors, live single, and eschew marriage.' And as our title does not recognize the sisterhood, we should say, 'If any women choose to join us, we will give them the honorable title of ' old maids,' which is the proper correlative of ' bachelor.' ' But if we cast away our inadequate and absurd title, what shall we have in its stead ? There is none better than virgin. Though this is more commonly ap- plied to females, yet there is the very best of authority for applying it to males. Jeremiah, ch. 31:13, calls young men and old virgins. One of Worcester's definitions of the word virgin is, 'a male who has preserved his chastity.' He refers for authority to Rev. 14 : 4 : ' These are they which are not defiled with women, for the}r are virgins.' Not being defiled with women shows that they were males. Parkhurst, in his Lexicon, de- fines the Greek word for virgin [parthenos], 'A person in a virgin state,' and adds, 'The word plainly includes both sexes.' Let us then boldly assume our proper title, and honor it by our lives. Your Brother, R. W. Pelham