Correspondence The following letter was written by a Shaker sister to a lady in Mt. Holly, N. J. As it contains answers to ever-recurring questions, we place it before the readers of The Shaker. with pleasure; and shall give other letters from the same pen to the same individual, as space will permit us: * ' Dear Sister Mary : —We feel it a duty to ' be ready always to give an answer to every one that asketh a reason of the hope that is in us.' But I am no theologian, and cannot pretend to answer your questions in orthodox style, but will endeavor to give you true and simple answers according to my own experience, feelings and reflections. You ask, ' What were the reasons these good men and women had for retiring from the busy world and leading the life they do r' No other reason or motive than a purely religious one—an intense desire to live pure and spotless lives—in a word, a desire to become true Christians—true followers of Jesus. Not merety outward followers, but to gain and possess his inner life —his spirit. * If any man have not the spirit of Christ he is none of His.' Kom. 8 : 9. And if we have His spirit it will be manifest in us hj our • ivallting even as he walked J 1 John 2 : 6. You next ask: ' What reasons do you give for dissolving the ties of husband and wife, parent and child—the ties which we consider, of all others, the most binding ?' Perhaps you will understand me as thoroughly as by any other answer I could give, were I to say, we dissolve those ties for similar reasons, that a young man ' forsakes father and mother and joins himself to a wife.' He has outgrown his childish and boyish affections and ties, and looks upon the married relation as a higher enjoyment and happier life. So the Christian, when he becomes 'wedded' to Christ—when he gets a taste of divine, unselfish love—when he feels that same sacred and holy tie of love to Christ in his true members—in his brethren and sisters in Christ—he is weaned from all partial, sensual and lower loves, and gives his whole heart and all his faculties to the building up and support of this holy relation and institution. And who can doubt that this divine, spiritual life of Christian love is infinitely higher, holier and happier than the sensual life of the world, with all its comparatively low ties and relationships ? If the Christian institution has no ties, no loves, no relationships nor enjoyments which equal those natural ties and relations of the world, as professing Christians testify, what can it do for the world ? How make them happier or better ? And with all reverence I would THE SHA.K1ER. 79 ask : Why should Jesus expect that men and women would forsake fathers, mothers, wives and children, houses and lands for His sake, and in order to become His disciples, as he required, unless His religion and its relationships would afford them higher enjoyments ? Indeed, our Saviour did promise 'a hundred fold' of gospel relations in exchange for the natural relations of the world, which He required them to forsake. This increased and spiritual relationship is the promised inheritance of Christ's true followers; and to us this promise is fulfilled. The inworking of the spirit of Christ ultimately develops this high and holy state of the affections, and those who hear its still, small voice and follow it diligently will surely be led in the right way; and this, dear sister, is my prayer in regard to you. 'It is according to the spirit and practice of the world to propagate its species; but the spirit and work of Christ and of Christians, who are one with him, is to save those that are propagated. And they have business enough of their own, without meddling with that of the world, out of which the}r are called and chosen. ' Come ye out from among them.' 'I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you,' saith the Saviour to His followers. So, then, as it is the law of the first Adam, and the propagating order to 'forsake father and mother and cleave to the wife,' it is the law of Christ and His order or institution, to 'forsake father and mother, wife and children,' 'all' for Christ's sake a»d the Gospel. Luke 14: 26, etc. Of course, if any of these relations choose to go with the Christian into the higher spiritual life of Christian love, they will be embraced in that impartial love on equal terms with others. The Gospel is an expansion of love, not requiring us to love our natural relations less, but to love others more, and all on a different and higher principle. It is only such as hate and reject Christ that are to be forsaken, and even they are still to be loved and prayed for. We can only know the spirit of Jesus by His teaching and example, till the same spirit takes its abode in us and becomes a saving power On a certain occasion, Jesus was teaching an assembly, mostly of his disciples, and some one informed him that his mother and brother stood without, desiring to see him. He did not do as the spirit of the world would have dictated; he illustrated his teachings by hi example. He asked, ' Who is my mother r and who are my brethren ?' and he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples, and said ' Behold my mother and my brethren ! Whosoever doeth the will of my Father in Heaven, the same is mjr mother, sister and brother.' Mat. 12: 48, etc. Thus He rejected all mere fleshly ties, and gave His disciples a practica lesson to do the same. He owned no parenta! relations except those of a spiritual nature With him the mere fleshly relations of the world were nothing; those of the kingdom o God everything. On another occasion, Jesu? assured His disciples, ' that there is no man that has left house, or parents, or brethren, or wife, for the kingdom of God's sake, who shal not receive manifold more in this present time and in the world to come life everlasting.' Luke 18: 29. In Mark, 10: 30, the things ;o be received and enjoyed in this present life, instead of those forsaken, are more particuarly specified. • Houses, and brethren, and sisters, and mothers, and children, and lands.' STow, as all the names of relations here mentioned as being restored are the names of spiritual relations, We must see that • wife,' though mentioned among those to be forsaken, is not named among those to be restored, because it is the name of a carnal or fleshly relation—a relation not known to the kingdom of Heaven or Church of God. In view of these sayings and doings of Jesus Christ, and more that might be mentioned, we think the question, ' What reason have we for dissolving the ties of husband and wife,' is the same as to ask why we have become practical Christians— real followers of Jesus Christ. We have dissolved those ties because He required it of all that would become His disciples—Luke 14: 26 because our spiritual natures demand it— because we hungered and thirsted for righteousness, and were totally dissatisfied with our own earthly, sinful, sensual lives, and because we longed for a higher, holier inner and outer life than could be found in any of the earth relations. I know it is as you say, that those natural ties ' are, of all others, the most binding.' And it is a sorrowful fact that they bind too many from entering into the more happy relations of the kingdom of God. ' You further ask what reason I can give for men and women living in celibacy. This question, I think, has been alreadjr in some measure answered, and much more might be said on the subject; but the very best reason we can give is, that Jesus, who was set as an example, that we should follow His steps, did set us this example, and encouraged us by the promise of all the blessings of earth and Heaven, of time and eternity, to follow him in this thing—to forsake wife or husband— forsake all for His sake and the Gospel. You add : ' Marriage was appointed by God— by it the human race is propagated.' So it was appointed by God, and so is celibacy. The first was given to the old man, Adam— the second to the New Man, Christ. Therefore Christians are required to ' put off the old man with his deeds, and put on the new man, which, according to God, is created in righteousness and true holiness.' ' The first man (Adam) is of the earth, earthy; the second man (Christ) is the Lord from Heaven; and as is the earthy, so also are they that are earthy; and as is the heavenly, so also are they that are heavenly.' See 1 Cor. 15: 47, 48, etc. That is, the followers of the first Adam are like him, and the followers of the second man (Christ) are like him. ' No man can serve two masters.' And now, sister, you say, ' Perhaps I think you should not ask such things.' But indeed I do think you should ask just such things, and as many more as you may feel an interest in asking; and if, in my broken and fragmentary way, I have satisfactorily answered you in any one point, I shall be pleased. If I have failed, do tr}^ me again. Tell me where the lack is, and I will try and do better next time. ' Truly your friend, Sarah.'