Communism BY WATSON ANDREWS The idea of communistic life seems to have been entertained by men in very early times. Instances are not wanting, even before the advent of our Saviour, of communities estab- lished upon this principle. People, in all time, seem to have been aware that there is not only a disposition, but a necessity in man's nature leading him to hibernate; to congre- gate into communities, and live in as close a relation as the nature of his circumstances would permit. In obedience to this law, men have endeavored in various ways, and at vari- ous times, during their history, to establish communities, wherein all the members should fare and share alike; having common interests, tables, and privileges generally, varied only by the tastes, condition and capabilities of the individual. And although there has been no lack of talent, of means, nor of good intentions engaged in these enterprises, they have, for the most part, signally failed. And the cause of these failures is always the same old story—disagreement, antagonisms among the members; a preference for self and family connections in the individual. Nature, first of all, must needs provide for the reproduction, care and culture of the race, and the way she has chosen to effect this, was by endowing man and woman with the parental instincts ; an unlimited partiality for their own offspring. Without this, the race could not have survived a day; and with it, there was necessitated private families, private property, and private residences. Hence all attempts to maintain community of interest and of residence, while retaining the family relation must ever fail; for it is no less than attempting to do away with an effect, while continuing the cause. The human race depends for its existence upon the family relation; and the family relation, as we have seen, depends upon isolation of interests and of resistance for its existence. Likewise, the human race depends for its happiness upon congregation—the community relation ; and this equally depends for its completeness and permanent existence upon identity of interests and residence, and both phases of human life are alike called for by the nature of things. The family relation, therefore, is a great primal necessity; perverted though it is, yet it is a fundamental necessity nevertheless ; the seed-field of the human race. It antedates the birth of the race ; it produced, and it sustains the race; and the last echoes of its knell will be heard only by the last of the race. The communistic relation also is a great necessity; a kindred necessity, of even more importance. And although not primal, it is final, and completes what the other begins; being the harvest-field of the human race. The necessary self-love of the one, with its consequent antagonisms, and the equally necessary social-love of the other, with its consequent harmony, are alike but parts of the Divine economy in the affairs of men, for growing and harvesting a crop of human souls divine. And ' the husbandman that sowed the seed is the Son of man, the field is the world, and the reapers are the angels.' In the first, self-preservation is the standard of excellence; in the last, self-abnegation. In the first, except a man provide for his own household, he is said to be worse than an infidel ; and in the last, if he do not ' forsake and hate' his own household, he is an infidel. Beside these, there is no true wTay for men and women to live upon this planet; all others are but these in incipiency or decay, presaging or recalling normal, human society. The family relation requires that a man be governed by the selfish sentiments; an almost exclusive care for himself and family. Directly or indirectly, whatever he plans or executes, has for its object the support and comfort of his own household. He contributes, it may be, to the support of the state; to liberal institutions and various public enterprises ; but it all means only this : that his nature prompts him (and very properly) to provide for his own in preference to another's. He gives in charity where he can, without depriving his own, not otherwise; self must have the preference, or the race 'would speedily become extinct. And this is by no means the result of calculation mainly; but it has its source in man's original nature—in the necessities of the case. The true communistic relation, on the con- trary, requires that a man be governed by the liberal sentiments—an almost exclusive care for his fellow man. Whatever he engages in has for its object the well-being and happiness of his fellows; for he has learned that the way to be happy is to make others happy. And the only way to do this permanently, is to make a full sacrifice of all selfish considerations ; all natural, partial, private relations and possessions—' father, mother, brother, sister, wife, children, houses and lands ; yea and his own (peculiarities of) life also.' Retaining a preference for any of these, proves a rock to the voyager in communism, and a rock upon which, sooner or later, he is sure to split. For the least thing partaking of the nature of possession, possesses the nature of antagonism, and antagonism and harmony are incompatible; and harmony is the cement of society, without which it speedily falls in pieces. No matter what the society, whether savage, civilized or Christian, there must needs be a common bond of union; a universally pervading element, in which all interests centre, and toward which all aspirations point, as the needle to the pole, in order to have that degree of harmony which creates, and which alone sustains, society. In natural, generative society, this harmonial bond is the reproductive instincts (errone 76 THE SHAKER. ously called love), culminating in the family relation, with its 'trouble in the flesh'—its care, its anxieties, its fears and its sorrows. Antagonistic in its nature, .and limited in duration, its pleasures are necessarily limited, and speedily pass away. In spiritual, regenerative society, this harmonial bond is love—-love to God supreme, and neighbor as self; culminating in the communistic relation, with its freedom from ' trouble in the flesh'—the cares, the anxieties, the fears and the sorrows of the family relation. Harmonial in its nature, and continuous in duration, its pleasures are necessarily unlimited and never pass away. For, having reference mainly to the spiritual of man's life, which is eternal in its nature, the true religious communistic relation is equally eternal;— a life—habits of thought and of social intercourse which time cannot affect, and which death does but sever from whatever of anno}^ance things of time occasioned. Instead of stripping the soul of its treasures, death does but place it in the full enjoyment of all that constituted its happiness while on the earth. And this is eternal life, the voluntary relin- quishment of all that death can take from the soul; and the formation of tastes and habits, while in time, which Avill eternally endure, and in the exercise of which souls are forever increasing in wisdom, in purity and in happiness. And as fast as men progress to the condition of understanding these great truths—of comprehending the grand system of nature— of God, with regard to man; that it necessarily embraces a harvest as well as a seed-time, a regenerative as well as a generative dispensation ; that these two states are necessarily of an exactly opposite character, inasmuch as the one is a purely natural state, indispensable in the development of natural beings, and the other a purely spiritual state, equally indispensable in the development of spiritual beings ; that the ripening of the spiritual depends upon the decay of the natural, as really as the ripening of the grain depends upon the decay of the stalk; and therefore that what is pleasurable in the one is painful in the other; what is life to the one is death to the other, and vice versa;—so fast will they comprehend that all pertaining to the natural, generative order, either in this mode of existence or any other, must be stripped off from the immortal mind of man, as the chaff from the grain, before he can become capable of those complete soul-blendings with the Divine Source and his fellow man, which alone produce the harmony, and ensure the happiness of heaven.