Extend the Truth BY S. G. HURLBUT We will premise the necessity of some definite and concerted action for the spreading of the doctrine of Believers. Ignorance is the great barrier to its reception by those prepared for it. Whatever will enlighten the minds of the people, helps the spread of Shakerism. There is now not one in a thousand that knows even theoretically anything about what constitutes the difference between Shakers and the rest of Christian professors. We aim to live a life of purity—absolute purity—free from sin and all evil. This is the ideal Christian life, and had we the capabilities of an archangel, and the voice of Gabriel's trumpet, we might tell all of earth's inhabitants, at once, that there was something to do besides buy and sell, to get gain, marry, and build up selfishness, and run riot over the rights of each other, the strong oppressing the weak, and they in turn cursing their oppressors. In the absence of these powers, we will content ourselves with writing the truth as sharp as possible, and send it forth on its errand of mercy. If it executes judgment, we will not sorrow; truth will harm no good. Our needs, as an organized body of Christian Believers, at present, is increased facilities for giving our peculiar views to the world. There is an unprecedented call from all quarters of the globe for more light on the very subjects that, of all others, Believers feel themselves in advance of all other people, viz.: how to live pure lives, and enjoy the social relations between the sexes at the same time. How can we do this better than by doubling the size of our missionary sheet, The Shaker, trebling our efforts to fill it with well worn, bright truths, and then quadrupling our efforts to spread it to all who would appreciate or pay for it ? If there is a better way than this, let us have it. ' The best way is as good as any.' We have the greatest good revealed to us of any mortals that we know of. It is our duty to spread it ' in all the ways we can.' It seems fitting that from the multitude of home blessings we spare a portion to the needy and honest seekers outside of our community. They ask not the bread that perishes, but the truth ; and they expect it, and reasonably, too, of us.