Freedom BY WM. H. BUSSELL This word suggests to different minds, ideas as varied as the mental development and cul- ture of each. To the depraved mind it means unrestrained desires; license of thought and action, without regard to divine or human law. On the contrary, to the mind elevated above the mere sensual plane of existence, it means a life in accordance with divine law, deviating not a hair's breadth, if that be possible, from straightness itself. There is social freedom as well as individual freedom, and these are perfectly consistent with each other. It has been said, that in entering into society man gives up a portion of his individual rights for the sake of a greater advantage to be obtained by association. It seems to be taken for granted by those who make this assertion, that, originally, individ- uals are entirely independent of each other. But this is a mere fanciful assumption, con- tradicted by the entire history of the human race. Man was created a social being, and his highest enjoyment is to be derived from a perfect society. If the individual is obliged to give up any of his rights to society, no plainer proof is needed that society itself is enslaved to wrong-doing. For, what are the rights of the individual but those which inhere in him by virtue of his existence ? These cannot be violated by the person himself, nor by society, without committing a wrong. The individual is entitled to a sound body with a sound mental status, and these may vary, of course, in character and quality, in accordance with various circumstances and conditions, in different ages and in different parts of the earth, yet without any infringement of natural rights. He is entitled also to the opportunities of growth, both physical and mental, and whoever hinders him in the possession and enjoyment of these, just so far obstructs the operation of divine law. The right to these implies his right to use all the means within his reach, to attain them, that do not infringe upon the rights of another; as also his claim upon others for assistance in cases where age or any other circumstances make him dependent upon others. These statements are mere truisms which none will undertake to dispute but those who have been educated in the absurd notion that one part of mankind have rights superior to those of another part, and whose menta' vision has therefore been so obscured, thai they are unable to perceive the truth, even o axioms. But it will be said that regard must be paic to mankind in its present condition in estimating the rights of the individual; that a perfec society upon the earth at present is a chimera —a Utopia—and the individual can expec freedom only in proportion as society is virtu ous and free. This is partly true and partly false. No doubt, when society at large shal have rid itself of the numerous evils that now infest it; when it shall have put an end to iti insensate wars and contentions, and shall em ploy its energies in building up what it still ii a great measure seems bent on destroying, th ndividual will come into possession of much greater freedom than he can now enjoy. But t is not true, that his rights, which are of livine origin, are dependent upon the condition of society, nor, in fact, is his enjoyment of them wholly dependent upon it. Much has seen done in the past by perverted minds, to ¦estrict the rights of the individual, but there las been a gradual though slow growth of the race, in spite of all such efforts. There is in man a power of resistance that has proved tself mightier than armies, and stronger than the accumulated vices of society, though sustained by all the vigor of crowned heads. The simple protest of Jesus was more efficacious ;han the combined power of Roman and Jew; or, though for a brief season his enemies seemed to triumph, yet he secured forever all ;hat Divine Power has to bestow for human enjoyment. What the Apostle Paul declared of Christians in his day, was true: ' They sat together in heavenly places in Christ,' and that, notwithstanding the persecuting efforts of their enemies. Thus did God show to all succeeding ages, ' the exceeding riches of his grace.' Vain were all the efforts of English, secular and ecclesiastical power to make inefficient the simple declaration of George Fox and ris followers, that all wars are inconsistent with the precepts and example of Jesus Christ. They could imprison the body, but were powerless to destroy the right, or essentially lessen the enjoyment of the individual, or prevent the spread of opinions that are ultimately to benefit the whole human race. . Adherence to principle will always produce permanent results. Darkness is only a condition; light is as enduring as God himself. 'Truth will make free' both the individual and society. Society is the product of indi- viduals, and takes its stamp from their character. The temple of God is holy when the stones composing the structure are 'living stones,' as was and is the chief corker stone. Let the divine breath flow throiigh every avenue of the soul, and the light of truth penetrate its innermost recess, giving health and vigor to the outward man, and peace and joy to the inner, and there will be a condition of freedom that the possessor of mere political liberty never knew. The union of individuals raised from the death of evil habits to the life of Christ, and constantly progressing in all truth and goodness, will form a society free indeed, whose reflex action upon the individua' will be powerful in proportion to the fidelity of each to the life of divine freedom—the life of purity and love. Such a society, raisec above the earth of mere sensual enjoyment, will, as Jesus said of himself, ultimately draw all men unto itself.