No Place to Begin BY GILES B. AVERY A few years since, a little girl who was not so good but she might improve, was asked by her preceptor, why she was not a better girl ? She immediately replied : ' I cannot find any place to begin.' Well, according to observation and historical narration, this is just the difficulty in the way of the world, relative to becoming evangelized and christianized. It is now, even as it was in the days of the advent of Christ, in Jesus of Nazareth. When called upon to embrace genuine Christianity, which will harvest them out of the world, and gather them into the garners of God, the kingdom of Heaven, they have ' bought a farm to till; or oxen to prove ; or have a father or mother to bury' or provide for; or, yet more, 'have married a wife,' or a husband; and, 'therefore, cannot come;' or, they ' cannot find any place to begin.' The apostles of Jesus found a place to begin, by leaving their fishing, and nets also— they made a place to begin. But, though this bright example was set nearly two thousand years ago, very few have yet found ' a place to begin' to be real followers of Christ;' because that place of beginning is at the ' end of the ivorld;' and this, mankind appear to dread, not minding there is a better treasure in Heaven. ' No place to begin.' Alas, that fearful contributor to delay ! A plebeian once stood on the banks of a swiftly-rolling river, desiring to cross to the other shore; but, waiting * Very many have proposed an 'intermediate link;' but this link invariably contained the elements of the lusts of the flesh—not in their plain and proper dress, but in the disguise of improvements to the present system. Admitting that there is an advance called for, to be made by us, we yet want no suggestions nor links, that intend the least amalgamation of flesh with the Spirit. The chasm between these is not sufficiently wide, and should be wider, and more distinctly and practically undei'stood. We thus remark, to prevent any misconception of the above.—Ed. for the stream to run by, thinking that a stream so rapid would soon discharge its wa-' ters—yet on it flowed, and flowed for ages, while many a traveler crossed, and pursued his journey, and obtained his life's pursuit— still stood the halting plebeian, sinking in infamy. Even so do many wait on the banks of Jordan's river (or the river of judgment for their deeds), dreading the reward of their works which true Christianity would present them; but linger, hoping to find heaven on this side of Jordan (judgment), but the river onward rolls. ' Thou must walk on, however man upbraid thee, With him who trod the wine press all alone ; Thou wilt not find one wordly soul to aid thee, One faltering mind, to comprehend thy own.' , 'Poor wandering soul! I know that thon art seeking Some easier way, as all have sought before, To silence the reproachful, inward speaking— Some landward path unto an island shore.' ' But, across the Jordan, hear the benediction: ' Behold, we count those happy who endure ; What treasure wouldst thou, in the land Egyptian, Kepass the stormy water to secure ? For poverty and self-renunciation, Thy Father yieldeth back a thousand fold; In the calm stillness of regeneration Cometh a joy they never knew of old.'' ' And Christ will come, in his own time and power, To set his earnest-hearted children free; Watch, toil on! through this dark and painful hour, And the bright morning yet will break for thee,' 'But,' says the faltering Christian, 'I cannot find a place to begin !' Make one then. It was said of Napoleon, that on the advent of a terrible battle, his aids-de-camp said to him : ' You will not risk a battle on this occasion; circumstances are against you.' ' Circumstances—circumstances,' said Napoleon; 'I create and command circumstances, not bow to them.' So does the true Christian soldier, in the battle of life against the powers of sin. ' Live to some purpose ; make thy life A gift of use to thee ; A joy, a good, a golden hope, A heavenly argosy.'