The Two Orders By J. S. PRESCOTT ' And be ready always to give an answer to every man that asketh yon, a'reason of the hope that is in yon, with meekness and fear.' I Peter, 3:15. The question is asked us, What authority have you for recognizing two orders of people on the earth ? We answer, from reason, revelation, and Scripture. But, says the inquirer, I thought you repudiated the Scriptures, and set aside Jesus for authority. Not so ! This is your mistake, and not ours. We quote largely from the Scriptures. We take the Bible for just what it is, and for nothing more. It is true, we do not crucify Jesus as an impostor, at one time, and make a god of him at another; but simply take his life and example as our rule and guide to follow; be- lieving they contain the greatest amount of wisdom, truth and purity of any example set, either in ancient or modern times. And this example he did not take with him; but, as the Apostle Peter said, ' leaving us an example that ye should follow his steps; who did no sin, neither was guile found in his mouth.' This, we understand, was after he was made perfect through sufferings. Jesus recognized two orders, when he said: ' My kingdom is not of this world ; if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight.' Again, he recognized two orders when he said: 'The children of this world marry and are given in marriage; but they which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world, and the resurrection from the dead [dead works], neither marry nor are given in marriage. Neither can they die any more [i. e., the death of Adam] ; for they are equal unto the angels, and are children of God, being the children of the resurrection.' What a gross perversion of Scripture this must be, to apply it to a complex marriage, in the flesh, in this world, to increase and improve on licentiousness, when Jesus himself lived a life of virginity, and was about to establish a new, divine, and an angel order on the earth—an equality with the angels in heaven, agreeably with his memorable prayer: ' Thy kingdom come, and thy will be done in earth' [i. e., in earthly tabernacles—human beings, like ourselves]. The perversion of the language of Jesus is indeed lowering his standard very much ; it is retrograding—it is bringing down the divine below the human. Two orders of people are indispensable, and implied in the Acts of the Apostles, and throughout the New Testament. ' Simeon hath declared how God at the first did visit the Gentiles, to take out of them a people for his name.' ' Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you, and will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters.' Here we have the highest authority for kvo orders. We would not object to an intermediate link being thrown between the rudimental and spiritual orders, to bridge over the chasm, the same as John the Baptist was between Judaism and Christianity. This may be necessary.* Man is a progressive being, and there is no stronger proof of his immortality than his perpetual dissatisfaction with everything earthly—his continual longing for something he has not—which illustrates his spiritual nature demanding spiritual food. We have been quoting Scripture; but the Bible of the past can never supersede the necessity of the Bible of the present and of the future. We cannot possibly beiieve that an infinite God exhausted all his resources on the imperfect Jewish records, or on any age or nation. ' Where there is no vision [i. e., revelation], the people perish.' We believe in present revelation, as well as past, and that revelation teaches the importance of tico orders of people on the earth, the natural and the spiritual, governed by two distinct general laws; and reason teaches, if a man progresses at all, he will ultimately reach a spiritual order.