Music BT F. W. EVANS Music is a divine art; and, when perverted, the evil done through its influence and agency, is in exact proportion to its divinity. In a tune, a discordant note is repellant and hateful. How much more hateful is a whole tune that is designed to allure and draw souls from their Creator, and to create antipathy towards each other ?—a tune that is not in unison with the divine harmony resulting from a oneness, or agreement, between God and man. To a redeemed man, or woman, martial music, used for military purposes, is as the howlings of demons. And licentious music and dancing, employed to allure the innocent and unwary into circuses, theatres and gambling-houses ; or for entrapping them into the drinking saloons of our large villages and cities, which are as gates opening into the hells, from whence those who go down into them, like an ox to the slaughter, never return ; such music is simply infernal. And when believers, in their eager study of music, as an art, sing Babylon songs from the world's books, they will find, by diligent searching, that the influence proceeding therefrom is effectual to awaken the latent generative elements; just as martial music will arouse the dormant war spirit in an old soldier, however much he ma}r have been religiously converted by war-practicing Methodists. Ever}'tune, or song, given by inspiration, and coming from resurrected souls (whether in or out of the body), inspires the emotional nature with love of the pure and holy, while each song, or tune, proceeding from souls who are in the generative life, tends to excite and feed that life in those who sing or play it, or who listen thereto. Consequently, we would ' stop our ears from the hearing of blood '-music. So should we close all of our soul senses from sympathizing with the music that proceeds from, and tends towards generation, or generative lusts; just a£ we would avoid lascivious pictures and novels, or any other agency used to seduce and draw souls down into, and retain them, in the pits (or hells) of this sin-cursed world.