Sketches of Shaker Life.-—No. 2 BY R. W. PELHAM THE ADMISSION OF NOVITIATES. The writer is of the opinion that Shakers take for granted that their social relations are much better understood than they really are. As proof of this, inquire of any number you please, What are the necessary steps to be taken, in order to gain admission to membership of the Society ? and nine out of ten will tell you, that if heads of families join the Shakers, they must break up their families, give up their property; the husband and the wife must separate, and their children taken under the charge of the Society, etc., etc.; not one word of which is true. tn order to set this matter in a clear light, I cannot do better than to give a history of my own observations of the practical working of our principles, since my first association with the people in 1817—fifty-five years ago. To go a little further back, I will observe that the faith and principles of the Shakers were first opened in the township of Turtle Creek, Warren county, Ohio, by three missionaries, sent by the Shaker Society of New Lebanon, New York, in the spring of 1805; and within ten years after their arrival, the number of converts amounted to several hundred men, women and children, most of whom lived within a radius of fifteen miles, taking Union Village for the center. All these, except the single adults, lived in their separate families and on their own premises, in the common order of Society, and continued so for several years. But most of these desired to progress and enter into the pentecostal order of consecrating their property, to be shared in common with their brethren and sisters. Finally, the way was opened, and all that felt ready made the consecration about 1815. The oldest members of this body having now had ten years' experience, and having consecrated their money and property, closed their doors against receiving any more mem- bers directly into the Church, as this body was then called. But the Church must have a door, and for that purpose they built a new house, and set off a small family of suitable persons to instruct all inquirers, and admit novitiate members. This was called ' The Gathering,' or ' Junior Order,' and had been in operation two years, when the writer came and took up his abode in it, in 1817. It was then in a flourishing condition, and active missionary exertions were being made to spread the knowledge of the truth and gather souls into the Gospel fold. There was a continual accession of members, some of which were single adults, and some whole families. Divers of these continued on their own premises and attended to their own temporal concerns, as formerly; while others moved into the bounds of the Society, and either rented or purchased lands adjacent. Some of these kept their fam- ilies together during their lives, but these were few. There was a sufficient number of these families settled round about the Society to unite in building a school house, and children enough to make up a respectable school, and the writer was the first teacher of that school. In ten years, up to 1825, these and others that came into the Junior Order, within that time, Were two hundred strong, not counting the First Family or Church. They had ultimately consecrated their property and formed a second joint interest or Second Family—had purchased adjoining lands, built two commodious and substantial brick dwelling houses which would accommodate from eighty to one hundred persons each. Now it may be remarked, with regard to the above mentioned families who lived at a distance when t\\ej believed, that they might have continued there if they had so chosen. The selling of their premises, and moving into the bounds of the Society, was entirely a matter of their own choice. No rules of the Society required it. They might have remained with their families on their own premises if they had so chosen. There were then Shaker families, so living in Northern Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and other places, who were held in union as novitiate members of the Shaker Society; and there has never been a time since, when there were not such members living in various places throughout the country. When receiving novitiates into spiritual relations, we ask not to know their theological opinions, impose no creed, and only require their conformity to a few plain practical principles. They must tell vis honestly what kind of lives they have lived hitherto, and bring all their wicked deeds to light. If they have wronged any one, they must, if in their power, make restitution, and set out henceforth to live an upright life. The relation of husband and wife must cease, and the relation of brother and sister must be assumed instead; and their lives and treatment of one another must henceforth be in conformity with this new relation. They must live pure, continent, or virgin lives, and bring up their children as pure and free from unclean and evil habits as they can. Let them faithfully observe and do these things, and we own them as our dear brethren and sisters, wherever they may be located. We are often questioned, What guarantee we have that they faithfully conform to these practical rules ? We answer, that we take no burden about this matter; we shall not distrust them. As long as they profess to do it, we will take their word for it. I find the following in the ' Brief Exposition' published in 1830 : ' The first or novitiate class are those who receive our faith and come into a degree of relation, but choose to live in their own family order and manage their own temporal concerns. Any who choose may live in that order and be owned as brethren and sisters in the gospel, so long as they live up to its requirements.' p. 9. This practice has never been rescinded, and is the same to-day as it was forty years ago.