Reply to Queries of Thos. J. Stroud BY GILES B. AVERY The subject presented by our brother is of vital importance to humanity. He denominates the 'new and beautiful influences' to which he is introduced in the Shaker meetings he attends, ' Ministrations of the Spirit of God.' It is a term well selected to nominate the exercises of the Holy Spirit inspiration ally upon the human soul in such a powerful degree, as to cause the mortal tenement sometimes to tremble under the influence of its power, being overawed by a power so much superior to itself; at other times to be so filled with what might be termed a psychological magnetism, as to produce healing of the physical frame, when diseased ; yea, even to raise the dead; in other cases to agitate powerfully the human frame, giving it many fold its ordinary strength, and enabling the recipient of this ministration to perform feats, while under its influence, which would be impossible in a normal condition. For instance, to enable the unlearned to read well, and retain the faculty after reduction to a normal state; to cause the blind to see, the deaf to hear, the lame to walk, and multitudes of conditions to be induced incident alone to supernal life. Our brother inquires: 1st. ' What is the source of these ministrations ?' Answer. Their source is the Divine mind, combined Avith harmonious relations of the human therewith, either in the recipient of the ministrations, or in some other person in close sympathy therewith, as his or her intercessor. In some instances it is simply requisite to be in a state of prayerful passiveness. There are instances where the condition of the recipient seems not to enter into the source at all, but so far as he is concerned, every consideration appears to center in the fact of his needs, and he is made the recipient through the harmonious relations and intercessions of his mediator or Elder, who is in sympathy with him. Question 2. 'What are their nature, consistency, properties ?' Answer. Their nature is supernal; their consistency, purely spiritual, intangible; their properties are: 1st, absorbing to the senses; 2d, overawing to the affections; 3d, dominating to the will, during their exercise, but their effects may be dissipated by the after purposes and conduct of the recipient, or retained and enhanced at pleasure ; 4th, inspiring, and influential sympathetically. Question 3d. ' What are the most favorable conditions for obtaining them ?' Answer. 1st. To stand, spiritually, free from any condemnation from the violation of con- scientious convictions of duty, or righteousness; in other words, free from sin. 2d. To give the soul to prayer. 3d. To surrender the entire will and desires to God. Question 4. 'Is it possible to reduce the obtaining of these ministrations to a science ?' Answer. Inasmuch as there is a consecutive and consistent application of appropriate means to that end, as suggested in answer to question 3d, it might be said to be scientific. But ' ministrations of the Spirit of God ' are fruits of the kingdom of heaven; and Jesus said, truly, ' The kingdom of God cometh not with observation.' Question 5. 'Is this a proper subject for investigation, or should we accept these ministrations without questioning their source ?' Answer. The fruits of the Spirit are proper subjects of investigation, in a spirit of holy reverence and godly carefulness. ' Try the spirits,' etc. See 'Tests of Divine Inspiration,' a Shaker publication (pamphlet). Question 6. ' Would it be acceptable to furnish carefully-noted, experiences of this kind for publication?' etc. Answer. Very carefully-noted experiences might be published with profit; but much, very much wisdom is requisite in selecting and preparing a report of such experiences to present to a mind largely involved in a wordiy sense; for there is danger in presenting all spiritual and heavenly gifts to the unenlightened, lest it prove as the Gospel of Christ to the Jews, a ' stumbling bloc7c,' or to the mere wordiy philosopher, as Christ's Gospel to the Greeks, 'foolishness.' These 'ministrations of the Spirit of God' are transmissible from one soul to another, the most favorable conditions necessary being a* oneness of spirit between the minister and recipient, and desire of the recipient to receive. But, in certain instances, they may be so powerful, the love of God so great, and the needs of the recipient so ponderous, that they may be forced upon him even against his will. But their most general dissemination is sympathetically. Hence, some speculative worldly phi- losophers, uninspired by the gift and wisdom of God, would term all such pentecostal bap- tisms, moral or spiritual 'epidemics.' But an epidemic is a disease, an abnormal condi- tion, by some irritating cause, inducing unhealthy conditions. Such is not the case with pentecostal baptisms, that are sympathetically communicated from soul to soul by the baptis- mal influences of the Holy Spirit. Such baptisms are charged with health to both soul and body. Some worldly philosophers have gone so far as to declare that the statements of a person so inspired by a foreign or another spirit as to be elevated above their normal capacity, are not proper subjects for belief. But, according to this rule, the ancient prophets, Jesus and his apostles, would all stand condemned. The facts are, that almost all the remarkable improvements of human society, either in morals, religion or in the arts, and labor-saving, mechanical inventions, may be justly attributed largely, if not entirely, to inspirations from superior souls and minds, or souls and minds progressed to more elevated conditions than those attained by the recipient, or inventor, so called. There is such a thing as Divine revelation, and those souls who are the happy recipients of it, are elevated thereby above their normal conditions, mentally and spiritually ; but are such revelations to be condemned as false, because of their elevating effects upon humanity ? If so, there is no hope for our race.