Jesus BT F. W. EVANS ' Jesus is the Christ,' or Anointed. Jesus is not the Christ; i. e., is not the Christ Spirit with which the man Jesus and the woman Ann were anointed. Both assertions are equally true in ideas, if not in words. The Jewish high priest was the Lord's Christ, or Anointed. But the man upon whom the oil had been poured was not the oil itself with which the man had been anointed. The man might have sinned after he was anointed (as Aaron, when he made the calf); but the oil could not sin. When the oil poured upon Aaron's head (to oil him) ran down to the hem of his garment, it indicated that the Holy Spirit, put upon him, should be partaken of by every man and woman of the Hebrew THE SHAKER. nation. They constituted a 'royal priesthood.' ' I would that all the Lord's people 'Were prophets and prophetesses,' was the utterance of the ' anointed ' Moses. ' I am the Resurrection.' ' I am the truth and the way.' But the man Jesus, or the woman Ann, was not the Resurrection, or the truth or the way, or the life, any more than the apostles were 'the light' because they walked in it. Jesus was the first to be raised from the natural to the spiritual order; from generative life to virgin life; it was through faith and by self-denial. The same with Ann, and with every other man or woman, who then becomes the Christ, the Resurrection, the Way, the Life, etc., to other souls. ' Because I live, ye shall live also,' and do the same works, and even greater works than their predecessors ; having a Mother to conceive and bear them again; which the primitive Christians did not have; nay, not even the twelve apostles. Ages before Jesus existed, souls ' ate the same spiritual meat that he did, and drank of the same spiritual Rock that followed them; and that Iioclc was Christ'—not Jesus—an unction from the holy of holies, ministered unto them by the Christ angels, from the heaven of all the heavens, to the lower spheres. 'Far above all (these) heavens' Jesus ascended when he left the earth. There he awaited the coming forth of the Bride; and where they are, there also will be their children.