Angel Eyes are Upon Us BY ANNA DODGSON Reading the Beligio-Philosophical Journal, I was pleased with the summing up of the long article, ' Search after God,' in which I found the following beautiful sentence : 'Spirits alone can answer prayer. Ever hovering around you, ever showering down upon you the strength of their magnetism and love, to you they are indispensable. They know every thought, they sense every secret wish, they witness every act. Child of earth, beware ! Your secret deeds are all known— every prayer is heard and recorded. Angel eyes are ever upon you. What better answer can there be to prayer, than that which comes from a spirit-band ?' Beautiful spirit-teaching, that is thus brought to bear so closely on our daily earth-life ! What a protective influence would be shed over enlightened Christians, could they be made to believe that spirit-eyes are ever upon them ! Who would transgress the rules of propriety in word, thought or deed? What a moral corrector such a belief would be—what 84: THE SHA.KER. a teacher of charity and universal love ! How many prayers would be directed to the spirits of departed friends, in whom the highest degree of confidence for purity, virtue and love could be placed ! and would not erring mortals long to find a Christ, dwelling in mortal form, to whom they might unbosom their secret thoughts, and confess their sins, that they might ever be ready for the communion of good and holy spirits ? Who can bear the thought of being constantly accompanied by bad, unclean, selfish spirits ? No one. But this must be the case, so long as the spiritual consciousness speaks disapprovingly. Nothing but humility, confession and repentance will repel a bad spirit; and earnest, sincere prayer will bring a good spirit to our aid. Let this belief be living in every Spiritualist, and Christian soul, and we should soon have a good world, of which we should have but little reason to complain. Shaker world, indeed ! Reflecting on the foregoing subject, I was reminded of a hymn, from which, in my youth, I received much instruction, and was conscientiously awakened to a realization of spirit presence. It was composed by Garret R. Lawrence, a physician of our Community, who deceased in 1837. He spoke by the spirit of prophecy, at his death, of a time near at hand when we should converse with spirits as freely as with each other. This was fulfilled to the Shakers, in less than a year after his demise, in wrhat is known to them as the 'Spirit Manifestation.' WE ARE SEEN. All things here on earth revealed, Indicate a Great First Cause, From whose sig-ht there's nought concealed, All efficient are His laws. Every thought, and word, and actionAll lie. open to His view; None can hide the least transaction— We are seen in all we do. Mortals, here, may try to cover, And conceal their sins awhile; There's a God who will uncover And expose the deepest guile. True as Heaven e'er existed, Watchmen there their vigils keep; Every veil shall yet be lifted, Th.;re 's an eye that knows no sleep. Altho' conscience seems to slumber, And resign its sweet control; Yet each deed records its number, Deep engraven on the soul. And from these, the soul eternal Takes impressions day by day, Whether spiritual or carnal, Good or evil, yea or nay. Who can hide a guilty conscience? Fearful state of sin and woe! Who can grope thro' time, unconscious, And their standing never show ? Who can smother flames unceasing, Keep concealed the gnawing worm— Shame and guilt their load increasing, Nor with inward horror squirm ? We may seek to veil from mortals, Deeds which cannot bear the light; Can we hide from the immortals That surround us day and night? Are not thousands now beholding Every action, word and way? And our very thoughts, unfolding In the blaze of endless day ? Have not those, who stand connected With the source of truth and light, Many secret sins detected And exposed to mortal sight ? Are not all our words and actions Fruits which mortal eyes can view ? ' Tis a truth without deception, We are seen, yea, through and through. But the honest, pure and holy Never iear the searching light, Knowing 't will increase their glory To appear in open sight. These shall stand the test triumphant, Joyful that their state is known, Glowing like the stars effulgent, Shining round Jehovah's throne.