Truth, Faith and Reason BY R. W. PELHAM A truth discovered, a duty imposed on the understanding, by reading the tattered leaf of a cast-off book, is as binding on the conscience, nay, as welcome to the heart of a sincere lover of truth, as if it were delivered fresh from the mouth of a Prophet under all the agonies of inspiration. All the reverence paid to truth on account of the ' pomp and circumstance ' of mighty miracles, or the awe-imparting influence of occular inspiration, is really a derogation from the love of truth as such; and when the impression of the marvelous is past ('which will soon be the case), we shall then be able, by observing what remains, to discover how much the truth was regarded for its own sake. Many sectarians affect to believe mj^steries, and require their votaries to believe, not only without understanding, but against their intuitive perceptions of truth, and they pretend to use argument and reason for the propriety of this. But it is a vain thing to appeal to man's reason, to bring in a verdict against itself. Satan will not cast out Satan. A principle cannot oppose itself. The very act of reasoning against reason, gives the lie to his argument who uses them, and proves more cogently the great excellence and propriety of reason. The main ground of the many great absurdities which abound in all theological systems will be found to be, the taking for granted certain first principles, which being considered the very basis of the system, are held not only too certain, but too sacred to admit of investigation or doubt. To reject that which appears to the mind as unreasonable, is to reject that which is opposed to the will of God; for who can suppose that God wills what is unreasonable ? We should never confound the understanding with the imagination, nor give the latter the ascendency over the former. My understanding, 0 God, is thy workman- ship, thy greatest and best gift! Grant me to exercise it not to selfish ends, but purely for thy glory. As a man's eyes may be of great use to him without a telescope, while a telescope can be of no use to him without eyes; so, a man's reason can be of great use to him without revelation; but revelation can be of no use to him without reason. We never present revelation to idiots or brutes, any more than we present colors to a blind man; for the reason that we know they are destitute of any faculty to judge of its truth, or make the least use of it. If in any case revelation be presented to a man, and he be asked to receive it as such, without using his reason to discover whether it to be true or false, whether it be revelation or human invention ; he is, in that case, asked to be unreasonable—to act without reason. In all cases reason must be the dernier resort, and, so to speak, God is bound, and his messengers are bound to make all his revelations plain and true to man's reason. If this is not done, no revelation is made. Paul prayed to be delivered from wicked and unreasonable men. He could not offer such the revelation of truth in the gospel. His only wish was to keep out of their way, and be delivered from them. The Prophet represents God as desiring to reason with mankind: 'Come, saith the Lord, let us reason together;' and Dunlavy says : ' What is good reason to man is good reason to God.' In all things we must appeal to reason. He that receives revelation without reason, will be quite as apt to reject it without reason. Gospel truth shall stand. Enmity and lust have dug many a grave for it. Intolerance has persecuted it. Many a Judas has betrayed it with a kiss. Many a Peter has denied it with an oath. Many a Dem as has forsaken it for worldly pleasure and pelf. Heaven and earth may pass away, but the word of Truth shall not pass away—it shall stand forever. It will forever console, justify, and make free its friends, while it will as certainly and unceasingly whisper the sentence of condemnation in the consciences of its betrayers.