The Spirit and Wants of the Age BY ANNE ERVIN The spirit of the age in which we live i emphaticalhr one of progress. It was reservec for the nineteenth centurj' to witness the application of the grand and beneficent princi- ples of the universal diffusion of knowledgi among all classes, and the almost startling resurrection of mind which is a natural result. And though it is doubtless true that in coming lp from the sepulchre and striving to cast off the cerements in which it has so long been bound, ;he human intellect, so far from being dismayed at these signs of activity, should be stimulated ,o greater diligence in the work of presenting those great elementary truths which alone are able to make men wise unto salvation. Our course is still onward; nor can we limit, even in imagination, that spirit of progress which, before the dawn of the millennial Sabbath, shall crown with perfection the human mind. We are told, and that truly, that the world is full of wrongs and evils, for which a •emedy must be found before man can enjoy lis full heritage of blessings; but the speculative reformer, who seeks to tear dowrn the existing fabric before commencing a new one, tias not as yet shoAvn us intellectual and moral engines mighty enough to perform the difficult process of renovation. The human mind is ever prone to error. ' Better is an old error than a new truth,' was the remark of a learned divine ; but the state of things is now completely changed. A reaction has taken place, which threatens to destroy all the ancient landmarks and to convulse the whole social system, in the attempt to remove the evils which have gathered strength for ages. If such is the spirit of the age, what then is wanted to meet its exigencies and carry forward the benevolent operations which form a distinctive feature in its character ? We want intelligent, educated men and women, who can properly appreciate and defend the light with which they are endowed, and can diffuse correct principles throughout the land. The preponderance of intelligence and virtue constitutes our only safeguard. We want earnest, practical men and women, to meet the exigencies of the age, who would leave the world better than they found it. But more than all, we want devoted, consistent followers of the Lord Jesus, to be co-workers with him in bringing back a revolted world and to prepare the way for the final triumph of love over every form of selfishness and sin. The noblest of all human means must be that which obtains the exertion of divine power. Without this power from on high, every attempt to ameliorate the condition of men will prove a failure. Go ye into the world and preach the gospel to every creature, is the command of the Redeemer. Never before have the wants of the human family been so great as now. Let those, then, who labor and pray take courage. It has always been the fate of truth to be stigmatized and slandered by falsehood. Whenever the spirit of truth has been revealed, the father of lies has never failed to dispense a sufficient portion of the spirit of falsehood to combat it and scandalize all who maintain it. The great Captain of our salvation was subjected to scorn and derision, and endured the reproaches of the emissaries of Satan. He was charged with drunkenness, and reproached with associating with publicans and sinners; and he repeatedly assured his followers that they would suffer the same indignities and reproaches. ' For if ye were of the world, the world would love its own, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world 86 THE SHAKER hateth you.' It is of little consequence what name we assume. 'By their fruits ye shall know them.'