No Surrender Self-denial is an enforcement of Christianity. There is no such thing as compulsory Christianity—individuals need not be Christians other than of choice; but whoso makes the profession, is under bonds to use an exceeding self-denial. The restrictions of Jewish law were heavy upon that people ; but their observance brought blessing, and prevented the visitation of the direful results of disobedience. Christianity is an improvement upon Judaism, or it is unworthy of any attention. The improvement consists in a direct increase of self-denial upon those habits, customs, passions, that had, previous to the intro- duction of Christianity, made humanity noble types of earthly, reproductive life. Counting reproduction good, under perfected Jewish law, the same of all the attending practices connected therewith; still, Christianity, in its genuineness, is better and best. The government of Christ, being paramount to the professor of Christian principles, the laws, indulgences and general life of the Jews will be departed from, and the more beautiful, heavenly life of Christ ascended unto. Man, in Christ, being 'a new creature,' all 'old things will be done away.' Perceive, however, the attempt to engraft Christianity upon Judaism: From the Apostle Paul to the latest sermons, and life of the teachers of popular, but hybrid Christianity, the harmonizing of the earthly, generative life, with the regenerative, virginal principles, may be observed as being ever attempted, but proving a failure at every attempt. A Christian ceases to be the expositor of earthly principles, having been reaped from the earth, ' and the angels are the reapers.' Why is Christ 'the harvest man ? ' Will not the assertion apply with equal propriety, that Adam was 'a seedsman?' Adam should replenish the earth with individuals. Christ is harvesting ripened souls, above the employment of Adam, and thus replenishing the heavens. The followers of Adam are doing the works o: Adam—reproduction. The followers o: Christ are being resurrected with Christ and are progressed above the generative life up to angelic spheres. Adam and his generative followers belong to the earth, and can never go to heaven, nor heaven come to them, other than a heaven composed of earthly joys. But, convinced of the joys of the higher life, they will ripen, and be reaped from the reproductive plane; and then, what was heaven, will constitute leaven no longer. New joys, new ideas, new life will ensue, and any return to ' the beggarly elements of the world ' will be accompanied by pain to the soul. See, then, the two orders—both necessary— one rudimental, the other transcendental. Though related, they are antipodes, and ever will be. Whoso attempts to live in both spheres, had better first attempt the possibility of residing at both poles of the earth, at one and the same time. ' An individual cannot be in two places at once,' is an old truism. Therefore, said Jesus : 'Who seeks to save his (generative) life, shall lose life ' eternal. ' But who, for my sake, loses the former, shall find the latter.' We know the earthly, generative life is very dear to those not yet ripe for Christ's harvest, and to such we say, your time has not yet come to be Christians— you are not Christians ; you are, unthinkingly, wearing a false name, making an untrue profession, and expecting a reward of ' life everlasting,' while you are sowing the seeds that invariably and inevitably produce 'corruption.' Your profession of Christ amounts to naught unless your life is as was Christ's! Your profession savors rather of condemnation than any salvation. Better, far more honorable, to renounce the name of Christian, until your whole life comports with Christ's. Living like a Jew or a heathen, and then expecting a reward like Christ's! Supreme folly. ' Behold I come quickly, to give to every one according as their lives shall be!' Amen. We know the masses are not yet ready for these truths; some are, and more, in this enlightened age, ought to be. We hope our proclamation of them will prepare others. Men plead with us, to permit more license of earthly affections and lusts ; to grant indulgence to their fleshly natures, if only in small degree. They tell us how numerous we should become, that ' all men would believe on us;' they would flatter us, by making us believe that our long training in the school of virginity the better fits us for reproduction than any others. They would frighten us, by repeating to us that we are declining in numbers, with no prospect of replenishing, unless we 'come down from that cross;' they argue, without tire, that we can be just as good Christians, and save to ourselves an abundance of earthly pleasure. To all of which we say: We testify of the the two Orders and their Leaders, 'Choose ye this day which you will serve.' There is 'No Surrender!' on our banners; and from this standard we will never re- cede. ' Mankind may cry Peace, peace, but there is no peace;' our numbers may dwindle to the last individual; yet he, passing to 'the better land,' will, in his last act, raise the standard still higher, upon which is ineffaceably written : 'No Surrender!' The world may plead, flatter, frown, persecute and destroy us, but with the life of Christ as our example, with the testimony of Jesus and Ann as our Covenant, we will pursue the even tenor of our 'narrow way,' and patiently work for Priest and People, to experience ' the baptism of fire and the holy spirit,' when they will praise God for the firm stand we have taken, and with us join in the cry that shall reverberate through all heaven—the gladsome sound of 'No Sur- render.' *