Correspondence THE SHAKERS' POSITION The following letter was written sometime since as a reply to a Professor of an Eastern College who, convinced of the ' ungodliness of the age,' particularly illustrated in the social relations of life, paid us a visit, addressed our family, etc., and upon his return home, sent us a letter entreating us to aid, by material means, the scheme of founding an institution, in connection with ours, that would have for its object the proper reproduction of human beings, 'such as ivoulcl make Shakers I' Office of the Shaker, ? ------20th, 1872. 5 Professor H.: Your lengthy appeal, addressed to myself, came duly to hand, and in reply would say: You find yourself in water so deep, that you cannot consistently wade, and you must either swim above the water or you must be drowned. Your thorough investigations of our faith and principles I admire, and your objections of making these a finality, are received with all due respect. You termed us 'liberal,' and thus we mean to be, so that we will not engage in warm debate, even for our side; believing that the spirit of truth will create sufficient commotion in any soul, which, like yours, has spiritual aspirations, yet would not give up the desires of the soul for fleshly, generative lusts. You esteem marriage, in its upright condition, to be the ne plus ultra of human bliss. Carried out, as you can mentally picture it, we admit would yield an earthly heaven, and very many with you devoutly wish this ever had been, or ever can be realized. It is a Utopia. Thousands have been just where you are in their convictions—they have seen that 'the earth, earthy,' was not ' the spirit, heavenly,' and, writhing in an agony of fear, lest the true presentiment of the cross should cut off all the idols of their carnal imaginations, they pray and plead that the good God will not be so unmerciful as to lead to the abandonment of the husband and wife relations. The lusts of the flesh, even in their most exalted and admired uniform—in legal marriage, and as properly conducted as the very best are capable of—these still, are the grand shoots from the corrupt tree, from which all the minor fibres draw sustenance. We have been stud}ring this subject for nearly an hundred years, and are satisfied that a failure will follow every attempt to sanctify the flesh through the order THE S ECA-KE H. 87 of marriage, while shines the spiritual light from the Christian heavens. We are willing you should attempt the scheme of which you speak, though not with our means; and though we should rejoice at an exalted condition of humanity on the animal plane, yet we shall expect to record your scheme ' another failure.' The flesh, in its most glorified habiliments, is a subject of Christly condemnation; yet, unwilling to part with it entirely, you and many others seem wriggling in a torment that evolves a thousand plans for its salvation. But remember, that not one of a herd of swine will believe the swill hot, regardless of the warning shrieks of the sufferers, until each has burned his snout! I would refer you to ' American Socialism,' before you attempt any ideal plan for christianizing marriage, and you would then be better aware of how your proposition would result. You labor under a misconception, concerning our position, which I thought I had dispelled : It is, that we refrain from marriage, because of its corruptness. Not so. Even though the Utopia jrou seek could be found, we could not unite in its support; for above the ivhole order of earthly coalition, do ice through a life of Christ aspire ; and away from all worldly elements, pure or impure. We have found something so much better than the most perfect connubiality, that as ' the sun's meridian blaze forbids the stars to glow,' even so, does the order of earthly beings sink into insignificance before the halo of our pure, angel faith and practice. In this light of the subject, how base it would appear and be in us to aid in sustaining a breeding institution, when we know that all the desires that would then be called to action are, at best, so inferior to the life principles of Christ, as to make the scheme disgusting in its every phase ! Not so, Professor, your convictions, unbiased by fleshly passions, convince you that we can never prostitute our consecrated property from its holy intent, to sustain you, or any of your, or others' selection in the fruitful or ' unfruitful works of darkness.' You, like many others, have had a call to higher things, and we suggest that you squarely face the music of your conscience; nor think the task given human nature, by our Christly preceptors, is too unpleasant to be engaged in, and like Achan, seek to save some idol from annihilation. Be bold enough to obey your convictions of right, and we will risk the rest. We would not force you to be a Shaker or Christian; but labor, if you choose, in the field of generation, for its higher elevation. We find that from the material it produces now, only a few good Shakers can be produced, and can only bid you God-speed in its improvement, if j^our call is to nothing higher. But we would to God, your convictions, being where we think they are, that you would obey them, regardless of all fleshly cravings or faults of the law. You are only one from many thousands who are appealing, that we 'come down from the cross,' against all fleshly lusts, ' that all men may believe on us !' But we prefer being the unpopular few who, walking the narrow way, have joined ourselves to the cross, ' laid down our own lives,' and mean, voluntarily, there to remain, even amid the jeers and injustice of the multitude who are walking the broad road—we being in the world, yet not of the world. And when life with you is sped, and indulgence can no more be effectually prosecuted, 'tis then, mark well our words, that you, and thousands like you, will regret that you had not ceased battling for the flesh, and willingly united with us in a life that 'walks in the spirit, and fails to fulfill the lusts of the flesh.' The love of the world has drawn many bright stars to its plane; but the sincere, the resolute, and violent can alone withstand its charms. Bidding jrou adieu, I am yours, etc., G. A. Lomas, Ed. Shaker. Prof. H., Lewiston, Me.