Ho! Second Adventists! In the Second Advent excitement of 1843, there was a peculiar feature manifested by many of its participants. Miller, with many thousands of disciples, firmly believed in the personal appearing of Jesus at that time; all the figures of Sacred Writ, with barely one exception, were supposed to point to the year of 1843. So sincere and zealous were the believers, that in preparation to meet the Lord, they progressed ' from faith unto faith,' in an exceeding personal purity. Hundreds, if not thousands, were convicted of the impropriety of the works of the flesh—of their non-fellowship with Christ—and long ere 'the tenth day of the seventh month' arrived, these might have been found living as brothers and sisters in households that had previously known them only as husbands and ivives. They perceived that neither reproduction nor the relations for the same, belonged to the realms to which they aspired, and cheerfully relinquished the same. Disappointed that Jesus did not appear, many concluded that the Second Advent had already occurred, or that the same would be manifested in a spiritual manner. They sought a refuge, and many found this in Shaker Societies, whose members were believers in the truth that Christ had appeared ' the second time, without sin unto salvation,' in one, 'like unto the Son of Man'—the daughter of man—and having been led, by the Christ angels, to the practice of such personal purity, like unto the Shakers, they were evidently prepared for the Christ Baptism which they found, and were satisfied with in Shaker homes and life. 'Now,' said Miller, 'if there is a possibility of mistake in these calculations—and I do not see that it is possible—then is there but one possible solution left, and this conclusively points to the year of 1873 ! ' The near approach of 'the end' of all calculations, brings to the minds of Second Adventists the same noticeable peculiarity of sentiment, and we hope, of life, that was such a prominent feature in 1843. None needs to be a very critical observer, to notice in all the literature of these sincere lookers for Jesus, a marked similarity between their sentiments, and Shaker life. Before me are the last two issues of The World's Crisis; and for purity of sentiment, we challenge the heavens. Where such sentiment abounds, there are hopes that such testimony finds a response in active life. In testimony against all fleshty corruptions of the mind and body, I present an extract from The Advent Christian Times, which will forcibly remind many of testimony in a Shaker meeting: ' Here the body is to be blameless and presented so, unto the coming of Christ. Here is an explanation of the question, 'am I holy?* Is my body blameless? Are there foes within ? When temptation comes, is there a response to it in my nature? Am I contin- ually struggling to keep down my passions, lest they gain the victory over my love for Jesus ? If so, then those passions are unholy and need something more than conquering. They need eradicating. The flesh needs cleansing in order for the body to be blameless. The spiritual emotions may be all right, but the fleshly emotions are all wrong. In this case the body is not holy, and I think we all believe the body is a very essential part of the man. Xow then, am I holy? What shall we say to this inquiry ? Is it yes, or no ? Let it be candidly considered and answered, even if 1 we find the response to be in the negative. 'A deliverance from this condition, so that a person's carnal desires in the flesh are dead, and the whole impulse of the bods' is spiritual, is the point under consideration. Can the body be controlled by the Spirit of God so that its emotions are not carnal but spiritual? A man 'finds a law in his members war.ring against the law of his mind,' and the question is, Can he be delivered from this condition ? ' This is as important a question as the one, ' am I holy,' for if a person fully realizes that notwithstanding his love to God and his service, there yet remains the 'sin in the flesh,' it is very important to know whether it must always remain there during mortality, or whether it can be rooted out now.' Such are the proper Christian convictions, and these will bring Second Adventists we hope, into the necessary tribulation, by which they will be led ' to wash their robes in the life of the Lamb,' by confessing their sins, and repenting of the same, by a thorough leaving off of all fleshly transactions. Then will they be led to the advanced faith, made manifest in the Crisis. 'Further, for a platform of Christian fellowship, true love will adopt one as broad as that laid down by our Saviour. On a certain occasion, being told that his mother and brethren desired to speak with him, he improved the occasion by stretching forth his hand toward his disciples saying, ' Behold my mother and my brethren ! For whosoever shall do the will of my Father which is in heaven, the same is my brother, and sister, and mother.' ' Brother, eister, how does your life compare with your profession? If yon say you are abiding in Christ, to be consistent, yon ought ' also to walk evon as he walked.' ' We would that Christ make an appearance in 1873, or before that time; and we doubt not, but ' those who look for Christ' in their lives, ' to them Christ will appear.' We conclude with this assertion and prophecy: Jesus was crucified, his body buried; he ascended into the spiritual world; and no doubt has often visited the earth since. That which now so elevates the anticipations of Second Adventists, is the coming of the Christ Spirit that anointed Jesus, and will anoint many others. When they are fully assured of their disappointment that Jesus will not appear; that their bodies will never rise ; that the resurrection is spiritual, not carnal, we are ready now, as in 1843, to bless them with a refuge, filled with consolation, and present them to Christ, for whom they have looked ; towards whom their testimonies have pointed, and for whose reception, we hope, they have endeavored to keep their bodies in all purity. Then will they sing with us : 'Are we fitted, and prepared Tabernacles of the Lord ? Have we found the hidden pearl—Christ—the true Messiah ? Look not for him at the tomb, For the Living he's among ; There he'll meet you, there he'll come, and sit the Purifier.' *