'The Day Dawns.' Editor Shaker : If you think the enclosed worthy a place in The Shaker, as evidence that ' the leaven which the woman (Ann) hid' is working-, please insert. Such an article conlil not have found a place in the London Quarterly a very few years since. Let us thank God and take courage—'The day dawns.' Yours, John Whitkley. THE FEMININE ELEMENT IN THE DEITY. The London Quarter!)/, in discussing the feminine element in our conception of God, says: 'To Protestants the worship of the Virgin is a superstition, graceful and beautiful in manjr of its aspects, no doubt, but, like all other superstitions, liable to run into extravagance, and to ally itself with fancies socially injurious and absurd. We are, therefore, discreet and prudent in not allowing this element to creep into our habits of religious worship. Nevertheless, we have something to learn from it; it indicates a want, an instinct which we have too long disregarded—the want of affectionateness, tenderness, and love in our con- ceptions of the Deity in His relations to us, and our relations to Him. The reason why our services are so cold, so dry, so formal, so fruitless of any sweet and genial results in actual life, is perhaps owing to our inaptitude or slowness to conceive of the feminine element in the character of our Creator, and to a notion that piety ought always to be manly, as we call it, and never womanly. If, however, any Protestant, believing in the superiority of tiis faith, contemplates the conversion of the Roman Catholics, he may be sure that he will make little or no progress (especially among women), until the defect of his cold system is cured, and his want supplied; until by him and his Church the Supreme comes to be regarded tenderly as well as reverently, with the affections as well as the intellect, familiarly as well as awfully, as a father that pitieth his children, as a shepherd that taketh the lambs in his arms. If from conceptions of dignity and respect, of power, awe, and majesty associated (and fitly associated) with God, a certain order of minds find it hard to supplement any softer or more commonly human element, they will find that whatever the effect may be as regards their personal religion, they will have very small influence indeed over the hearts of their fellow-men; they may teach philosophy, but they will not enkindle piety. They will find that what they cannot add, humanity in general will add, because it instinctively must, and that if men are forbidden by philosophy to incorporate pity and soft tenderness into their ideas of Supreme Deity, they will fall back upon some other deity associated with the Supreme, less wise and powerful, perhaps, but more gentle and kind. Can we love the same being whom we honor, reverence, worship, and obey ? We answer, Yes ! provided we have presented to us the loving and lovable qualities of his character. Many clever people, however, seem practically to answer, No, because from some cause or other they fail to appreciate the sweetness as well as the light of the divine nature. But poor humanity refuses to be balked in its affections, and hence the worship of Notre Dame, instead of Notre Dieu.'