Devotion and Love.—No. 1 BT R. W. PELHAM If thou hast wholly given and devoted thy life, thy all, and thyself to God, what is it to thee whether thou be in this part of space or that, here, or there, or two hundred miles hence, if so be thou art in obedience to God ? If God be thy only treasure, and to do his will thy meat and drink, surely thou wilt be content wherever thou shalt be placed ; the gift of God not being confined to places, persons nor things, but is always found where duty calls. By how much thou art attached to places and creatures, by so much thou lackest of being wholly devoted to God. ' Let the words of my mouth and the meditations of my heart be acceptable in thy sight, 0 Lord my redeemer,' said David. 0 how watchful and prayerful must I constantly be, to keep this holy, heavenly frame of mind, here expressed by the devout Psalmist. I must speak no word, indulge no train of thoughts, act from no motives, but such as I believe will be acceptable to the Lord. How constantly must I watch ! How fervently must I pray! 0 how closely must I scrutinize and sift each thought, word and action, if all I think and do and say shall be done to the acceptance and glory of God. When thou shalt steadfastly reject thyself and be wholly resigned to do the will of God, thou shalt hear the divine voice within thee saying, ' this is my beloved son, in whom I am well pleased.' It is written that ' obedience is better than sacrifice,' but obedience and sacrifice both are better still. We are often exhorted to labor for the quickening power of God, and it is certain that every soul needs it. But who has a distinct idea what it is ? Oh give me a ' quickened,' tender, sensitive conscience. Let my moral sensibilities be deeply enlivened, that I may sense even the distant approach of an evil thought, and shut up every avenue of my soul against it. This is the quickening power of God which will effectually shield the soul from the least stain of pollution. We often talk of ' traveling ' in the gospel; we say we are determined to 'go on' to ' persevere ' and ' go ahead ;' but we should remember, and never forget, that whosoever travels, is continually leaving something behind. It is impossible that we should become ' new creatures' any further or faster than, putting off the old, we get new ideas, new motives, new objects of affection, and new everything. Paul's ' new and living way,' only means ' a new way of living;' devoting our lives to God and not to self. Unless we can perceive in ourselves that we are loosing our relish for mere earthly things, and increasing in the love of those which are spiritual, heavenly and eternal, we may be assured that we are not traveling, not ripening for eternity. If we do not die, and die continually to that which is sensual and earthly, we shall neyer rise to that which is spiritual and heavenly. 'I protest,' saith Paul, ' I die daily.' No matter how much gift, power and spirit of God others may possess, we shall not be able to apprehend it in them, nor receive it from them, unless we have a measure of the same. ' No man can come to me,' said Jesus, ' except the Father draw him.' Grace must answer to grace. We cannot receive the Divine Nature by imputation, but by impartation—not by proxy, but in our own souls. He is unacquainted with the love of God and true devotion, who feels to boast of his devotedness, and is expecting some outward reward for his secret devotions. How groveling and selfish would he be thought who professed ardently to love a friend, and often visiting him and holding sweet converse, should be found secretly expecting, or openly demanding, money as a reward of his time and pains ! Sad.—Between the 27th October and 5th November, the home of The Shaker was visited by two disastrous fires. One at Second Family—the large barn with all of its contents—loss, at least, $11,000. The other at South Family, in which the loss was even greater. Three barns, wagon house, with accompanying sheds, with all their contents were swept away. Our dairies are well nigh ruined. We should rather have recorded these fires as accidents—but are constrained to write incendiarism ! The object was robbery in the other families—this was attempted at each fire—but proved a failure. We live in hopes of the arrest of the parties—and until then— and afterward—will pray: ' God have mercy on their souls ! '