Woman's Visitation BY ALOXZO G. HOLLISTER Poor, oppressed, feeble woman, who has hitherto been considered mostly as an appendage to man, useful or ornamental—a convenient piece of household furniture, having no more rights than a born slave, is at last visited ; and in the face of custom, prejudice, man-made laws, and the accumulated wrongs of sixty centuries, is liberated from her degraded vassalage, and enabled to assume her proper station beside the most exalted virtue—a virtue which only one man had before her attained, and which was deemed so far above human capacity, that men ascribed it to Divine Power and ceased striving to reach it. Does not this event mark an era in human progress more significant and full of promise than any that has preceded it ? What more potent cause of human degradation and misery could exist, than for man to be bound by inexorable law to woman, and woman at the same time denied her proper rights, trodden under foot, and evermore despoiled of purity and innocence, which alone give beauty and elasticity, with the sweetest graces to the THE SHAKER. 93 mind, and wings to those aspirations which lift the soul heavenward ? What, but the enmity of the serpent working in this channel ? God said, ' I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed.' The serpent's turn was first; and as long as man and woman loved to have it so, and mutually cherished that serpentine nature, depicted in ancient lore thus: 'I find more bitter than death, woman, whose heart is as snares and nets, and her hands as bands,' no remedy could be applied. In such case, though every unjust statute on the books had been erased, the cause that produced them, operating in the channel of 'desire' or lust, would still tyrannize over, and 'accuse' those who should be, as brethren and as sisters. The private torture of domestic tyranny, through the operation of disorderly passions, is a far more grievous fountain of bitterness than all the laws of the statute books and public opinion added, as millions of sufferers can testify. But after having suffered enough from that enmity, and eaten sufficient fruit from that deadly root to desire escape from it at any cost, even to the loss of all things, God mer- cifully sends down a power to fulfill the pledge given in this promise: ' It shall crush thy head'—this was in Christ's first appearing ; ' and thou shalt lie in wait for her heel,' —at the second appearing. (Douay translation). Expositors generally concede that Jesus Christ was the woman's seed who was to crush the serpent's head; but having only a glimmer of the true light, under the vail of antichrist, they do not appear to understand how it was accomplished, nor that the same work must be effected in every soul that would participate in its benefit. His testimony, which was the exposition of his practice, we have in these words: ' If a man come unto me and hate not his father, mother, wife, children, brethren and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple.' Never man spake like this before, and no wonder they were astonished at his doctrine, for even to this day, but a few of mankind have been able to receive, or even to comprehend its true meaning. That is to come. As his was a mission of peace and good will to all men, he could not mean we should hate persons, but those selfish ties of flesh and blood which arise from these relationships, and that worldly self-pleasing life which produces and sustains them. We have no account that Jesus ever taught hatred to anything else, and this shows us where and what the serpent's seed is. The serpent of perverted generation, as well as natural reproduction, received a deadly wound from the life and testimony of Jesus and his immediate followers, who, by their perfect obedience to the new creating word, received a power which returned the serpent's enmity upon his own head. But after the fall of the Primitive Church, by its connection with the generative order through the unredeemed woman, the artful doctors and creed mongers of antichrist's kingdom, contrived to heal the wound, and preserve the serpeni to ' lie in wait' for the woman's heel. What further of the serpent treader is recorded in the Prophet Micah ? 'Arise and ;hrash, 0 daughter of Zion; for I will make thy horn iron, and thy hoofs brass; and thou shalt beat in pieces many people, and I will consecrate their gain unto the Lord, and their substance unto the Lord of the whole earth,' jy sundering the selfish ties and crucifying ;he lusts of natural generation—the serpent's seed—and devoting their substance to a sacred md united interest, spiritual and temporal. Here a daughter is represented as co-operating in the same work that was appointed for the son, to whom it was given to ' rule all nations with a rod of iron, and to dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel.' How did they obtain this power ? By perfect obedience. As it is now the woman's day, with the man, to hate the serpent and his seed in all their alluring, deceitful arts, to cut loose from their snares and bands, and root all their ties frorh her soul; ' all the morning stars sing together, and the sons of God shout for joy,' while the work progresses. For ' now has come to us salvation and strength, the kingdom of our God and the power of his Christ.' We have both Father and Mother abiding with us; and spiritual sisters, and brethren, and children are our relation ; and these are the ' Vir- gins that rejoice in the dance, both young and old together.' Our Eden is restored, and if our trials are more severe than those of the first Eden, our knowledge is greater, and so is the prize for which we wrestle; and with such faithful parents for exemplars, every honest, upright soul that cleaves to them must surely win.