Christian Self-Denial 'Except a man deny himself.'—(of what ?) Christ. ' Brave Conquerors! for so yon are, who battle with your own affections, and the whole army of the world's desires.' Shakspeare. Human nature hates restriction; it can see no propriety in limiting a pleasant indulgence ; it worries, frets, scolds and galls under the failure of full satisfaction. We know there is such a thing as satiety; we can eat and drink until food in its very best form becomes loathsome—we can indulge all the senses to the exhaustion of nature-—yet nature, in this exhausted condition, pines at its limits, and does not thank God for the boundary. In a country whose laws extend to its subjects the largest liberties—a country, in which 'Young America' is trained from the cradle to think that obedience to parental authority is of infantile length only, and then to feel, that to do as he pleases is his inalienable right—'tis here, that self-denial is at a discount, and self-gratification at a premium, more than elsewhere. 'Tis here, that true liberty is misconstrued, and the silver years, if they are reached, are left to teach, that ' he alone is free whom the truth makes free,' and that the teachings of truth are strongly flavored, with ' touch not, taste not, handle not.' He is not free who does as he pleases (unless he pleases to do rightly), but the worst of slaves, to the worst of tryants—the passions. Jesus taught, and practiced self-denial, and for this, was very unpopular with the world. His ideas were accepted and practically carried out by an unpopular few; while he was given the choice of relinquishing his doctrines, or of dangling from a three-cornered edifice until life should ebb away. And we opine, that were the millions of professedly Christian people, compelled to practice what they profess—real Christianity—they would soon renounce all claim to the title! Were there not educated adepts, dealing out explanations of what scriptural selfdenial does not mean, in a manner that permits the self-adulation and gratifications of their auditors, there would soon be only as many Christians in name, as in practice ; while the present popularity of the name would then become the synonym of eontempt ! With a large respect for religious sincerity, we cannot hold from saying, that humanity are so prone to indulgence, that they have transformed genuine Christianity into a requirement much better adapted to their desires, and most assuredly without the sanction of its author. The grand truth will one day be discovered, that the terms 'Self-denial' and 'Selfgratification' are antipodes, and not synonyms. We are constrained to ask of popular Christians : Where is your self-denial and cross ? Wherein is your life, other than carnal men and women choose to have it ? Does not popular Christianity suit the masses exactly, and is it not very diverse from the life of Jesus, whose Christianity, though unpopular, was eminently genuine and practical ? We ask for no needless excoriations ; we plead for none of the excruciatingpractices of wild fanatics, who would lacerate the body for the good of the soul, and mistakenly find themselves the same ; but we do plead for that Christian selfdenial, practiced by Jesus, and taught to his disciples, with the injunction, ' Follow me!' Our investigations and conscience will not permit us to make the terms ' Selfdeny ' and ' Self-gratify ' identical. We admit, our perverted senses would have had Jesus remarked: 'Unless a man gratify himself, in every conceivable manner,, he cannot be my disciple;' but to the horror of our sensual appetites, they are to. be denied and crucified, or we cannot attain to a fellowship with Christ! Let us be assured, that the 'redeeming blood of Christ/' will ultimately appear to all as ths: 'practical life of Jesus; and that the one will never cleanse us from our iniquities until we adopt the other. As professing Christians, let us be practical ones ; if Jesus is our example, let us live as he lived—let his self-denials be ours. Never let us make the charge, that we cannot live as he did, else we make Jesus most unreasonable in saying: ' Let him deny himself, take up his cross and follow me.' And let us here admonish the Pastors of the large variety of churches, to preach Christ, unbiassed by any creed of human invention; preach Christ, as Jesus lived; and forget not to remind your flocks, that the virginal celibacy of Jesus; the ' alLthings-in-common' principle that he urged; the non-resistant element in which he lived, and keeping himself ' unspotted from the world,' cost him just as much, and no more self-denial, than is required of us who profess his discipleship, and hopefully expect to share in his heaven the fruits of Self-denial. Let each one practically learn our Saviour's name, taught in the school of Christ—Self-denial. *.