Peter, The Christ by E. Myrick 'Search the Scriptures,' ' For in them ye think ye have eternal life, and they are they which testify of me; and ye will not come to me, that ye may have life. Eull well ye reject the (present) commandments of God, that ye may keep your own traditions.' This exhortation of Jesus, to ' search the Scriptures,' was to renew their faith in the prophecies which testified of his mission. He did not say go back into a semi-barbaric age, when just revengewas tolerated, making the 'new commandment' of universal love 'of none effect by your old traditions;' but to those inspirational truths by which 'ye think ye have eternal life;' and I am now declaring them unto you. The first and greatest is supreme love to God, and second,, fraternal love to man. On these two hang all the law and the prophets. Read John 5£h,. 17th, and remainder of the chapter, wherein is recorded the sublimest idea of his; life—the Fatherhood of God:. He said, ' I am the Son of God.' And again, Our Father declaring; others to be sons of God as really as himself—claiming also to-be the son of man- as well as they. 'Whosoever speaketh a word against theson of man,, it shall be forgiven him;, but whosoever speaketh against the holy ghost,' or anointing, which constitutes a child of God, 'it shall not be forgiven him.' Thus admitting equality with other ' sons of men,' and recognizing the divine relationship, as they become. ' sons of God.' He asked them (his disciples,) ' But whom say ye, that I am ?'' And Simon Peter an\ swered and said, ' thou art the Christ,,the son 9O THE SHA.KER. of the living God.' Omitting the interlude of blessing and confirmation, we have the direct response of Jesus: 'I say also unto thee, that thou art, (i.e. so are you) Peter,' and upon this rock—' this primary principle of Fatherhood in Deity, and Sonship of humanity in Christ'—will I build my church; and the gates of hell (the false systems of theology, with their Adamic practices, war, triune God, and vicarious atonements) shall not prevail against it. By a slight change in punctuation, is not the analogy in the context more complete? and does it not give a better rendering of the meaning Jesus intended to convey ? The common error that Peter, signifying rock, should be the foundation of an everlasting church—who at most could be but an active agent—is fraught with grave consequences, when solomnized by a creed, and draped about with kindred, damaging phraseologies. Supposing Jesus had said, thou art Thomas, and upon this twig (the scripture name of Thomas) will I build, etc. ? Reason fails to support the long accepted belief, that the declaration to Peter bore any relation to him, or the significance of his name. But to the parental and endearing relationship, existing between the infinite and finite souls, this was the rock, the basis and eternal principle on which to build. And it was this revelation to Peter, which Jesus hastened to bless and confirm. 'And I say also vmto thee,' 'That thou art,' Christ, in good degree, And ' blessed art thon, Simon,' Brother— 'Son of the living God,' the Father. O Father make them one with me, Even as I am one with thee; We have one master, the Christ sph-it, An heirship such as each shall merit. This declaration of Jesus, that Peter was ' Christ, the son of the living God,' which also applies to all who became one with him, by obeying Christ as he did, does not preclude the second distinctive advent of Christ in a representative personage—' like unto the Son of Man'—the Daughter of Man—Ann, 'the Christ'—the Daughter of the living God.' And this is the second appearing of Christ, in glory, supplanting that which was in part. ' Beloved, now are we Sons and Daughters of God.' Christs, Saviours, ' a great multitude, which no man could number of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues, clothed in white robes, and palms of victory in their hands.' ' Singing salvation to our (dual) God. Blessings, and glory, and wisdom, and thanksgiving, and honour, and power, and might, be unto [and from] our God forever and ever.' ' Search the Scriptures,' which testify unto us such glorious truths, and we will come unto them ' that we may live.'