The Impending Evil BY F. W. EVANS 'The wise man (or people) seeth the evil afar off, and hideth himself.' In these United States, there is in process of formation a Church-and-State party. It is already larger than ' a man's hand,' and combines together the master minds of various sects ; being composed of all those who confound religion and theology, and spiritualism and religion—the old country originated donominations, the Catholics, Episcopalians, the dissenting Methodists, Baptists, Lutherans, Calvinists, including the Russian or Greek Church, etc., who are, at the present time, Church-and-State establishments in the Christian War Governments of Europe. Can any rational person have a doubt that what these theological bodies do in England, France, Sweden, Denmark, Belgium, Russia, Canada, and the South American States, today, they will do in the United States as soon as it can be effected ? or that the practical rule of a Church-and-State Government will be the same here as there ? 'Is thy servant a dog?' asked Haziel of the Prophet Elisha, when he informed him of what he would do to Israel; and the blindness of Haziel, respecting his own character, touching religious persecution, appeared to be common to human beings. Some of the most conscientious and religiously sincere, but theologically erroneous, persons I meet, believe that none but theologically correct men (according to their standard) ought to be legislators. These think the race has progressed beyond religious persecution, and that they will not again ' do this thing.' To them, the fire and faggot, the rack and pulley, are things of the past, and could not be reproduced. The believer in war, when possessed of political power, (human nature being unchanged) will always ' think that in killing heretics, he is doing God good service.' How often have peace people thought that Christian wars were ended. But Christian war, and Christian religious persecution will only die drowning in the blood of the martyrs, which war Christians have shed, locked in each other's arms. Theological errors (which are the seeds of religious persecution, such as) First, That the Douay Bible, King James's Bible, or any one of the Dissenting Bibles, is the 'Word of God.' Second, That the priesthood are infallible interpreters of the Bibles. Third, That some men, as Adam, Noah, Abram, Moses, and seventy of the Elders of Israel, ' saw God,' the Supreme Being and conversed with him ' face to face.' Fourth, That the will of Deity creates and makes a thing right or wrong ; so that the invasion, robbery, and spoliation of whole nations, or those of Canaan, by Joshua, attended by the infliction of rape and murder, was doing God great service. These dogmas, and their practical illustration in the Bible history, have been the basis of similar treatment by Christian demons, like the Crusaders, the Duke of Alva, Cortes, Pizarro, Cromwell, the Duke of Marlborough, and the New England Puritans, when they killed heathen Indians and pious Roger Williams, or when they hung peaceable Quakers, and burnt (as a witch) a spiritual medium on Boston Common. Nearer home. The above are good enough illustrations of what theologically mistaken, religious souls will do, when they have the civil power in their hands, through a union of Church-and-State. But, when we find a contemporary of Mother Ann Lee—her John Baptist, the Angel-representative of Spiritualism, as she was of religion—the learned and gentle seer of the North, Emanuel Swedenborg, holding the above named dogmas as premises, and carried logically to the same conclusion of 'thinking' that the killing of heretics was a Christian duty ; and affirming that the most innocent and lamblike of all the sects which had come up in Babylon—Christendom—and the very people out of whom Shakerism arose, ' ought to be put to death,' we stand aghast! confounded ! and confirmed in the fact, that theological errors produce religious persecution, as an acorn produces an oak tree; and that no theology should ever be permitted into the now simple and pure American Constitution. I quote from the ' Debatable Land,' by my old friend and former associate, R. D. Owen, pp. 231,2. 'Premise: Jehovah himself descended, and assnnied humanity.' ' Speaking of those 'who are called in the world Socinians, and some of them Arians,' he (Swedenborg) says : • The lot of both is * * * that they are let down into hell among those who deny God. These are meant by those who blaspheme the Holy Ghost, who will not be forgiven either in this world, or in that which is to come.' ' Even worse than this is the cruel spirit, aggravated by the assumption of false pre- mises, in which he speaks of those whom he ought to have commended and hailed as spiritual brethren. We have it under his own hand, as divinely revealed to him, that the Quaker worship is so execrable and abominable, that, if Christians but knew its true character, ' they would expel Quakers from Society, and permit them to live only among beasts.' And this—think of it—from one who deemed himself the penman of God ! the recipient and inditer of truth unmixed with error. ' In Swedenborg's Diary, under date Oct. 29, 1748, he says: ' The secret worship of the Quakers, sedulously concealed from the world, was made manifest. It is a worship so wicked, execrable, and abominable, that, were it known to Christians, they would expel Quakers from Society, and permit them to live only among beasts. They have a vile communion of wives, etc' Again, Oct. 28, 1748: ' They are indomitably obstinate in their aversion to having their thoughts and doings made public. They strove with me and the spirits who desired (but in vain) to know their secrets.'—(See Emanuel Swedenborg, his Life and Writings, by William White, London, 1867, vol. 1. pp. 386, 387). THE SH-A.KLER. 91 'The poison of intolerance, in its most malignant type, still works among a bigoted portion of Swedenborg's followers. The (London) Intellectual Repository is the accredited organ of orthodox Svvedenborgianism. Its editor (sixteen years since, however), after stating his opinion, that ' spirits, even the highest angels, have nothing to tell us in relation to doctrine and life, but what is revealed in the word,' goes on to say: ' We therefore conclude that it is not only dangerous, but impious, to seek to have communion with spirits, especially in regard to any thing of doctrine and life.' But he does not stop here. He tells us that there is good reason for the command, ' so often repeated to the children of Israel, to put those to death who had familiar spirits, and who were necromancers,' or, as in the Hebrew text, ' asked inquiries of the dead.' '—Intellectual Repository, vol. for 1855, pp. 400, 461. 'Anything worse than this, we may search the records of modern theology in vain to find.' Let all theologies be vigorously excluded from the only free government on earth, 'and forever confine its functions to secular education, and the internal rights and duties of' its citizens.