Truth Courts Investigation Nothing tends more to the improvement of the principles of light and truth in the mind of man, than a free, candid, and unprejudiced inquiry, and a willingness to examine into the truth of any tenets or practices which are at variance with his natural inclinations and prepossessions. Prejudice operates upon the mind like jaundice upon the eye, which pre- vents it from seeing objects except through a medium discolored by its own infirmity, and therefore it cannot form any just or correct ideas of what it does actually see. It is to be lamented that popular excitement is often raised to the highest pitch by selfish, designing persons, who, like puppet-showmen, keep themselves artfully concealed. Public good is generally made the plea to obtain the gratification of private ambition or malice ; and whatever may be the ostensible object of the instigators, whether it be of a religious, political, or other nature, the medium of excitement is the same—the passions are developed and prejudice created, the effects of which are in proportion to the estimated importance of the object held up to view. Of all the objects of popular clamor, none are more calculated to make an impression upon the mind of man, than the subject of religion. This has been used as a cloak for persecution in all ages. The public mind is agitated by designing and interested men against some person, principle or system of religion, which stands in the way of their ambitious plans. Such was the excitement raised by Demetrius and his interested coadjutors against the apostle Paul among the Ephesians, who were persuaded to believe, that through the preaching of Paul, their THE SHAKER. religion was in danger, and 'that the temple of the great goddess Diana would be despised and her magnificence destroyed;' while the real danger apprehended was the loss of the lucrative craft of the prime mover of the tumult. In all ages, those religious persons and sects, however few or small, who, regardless of popular opinion, have presumed to think and act for themselves, and to advocate and practice virtue according to their own unbiassed judgment, have always been the objects of popular odium. And persecution against such has always been excited in .proportion to the contrast of their principles with the popular feelings and opinions, and the selfdenial which those principles required against the inbred propensities of human nature; because such principles are viewed as obstacles in the way of the interested designs of aspiring ambition. The only efficacious remedy against the influence of such contaminating excitements, is calm and candid consideration, a sincere and impartial inquiry after light and truth, and a dispassionate examination of every principle presented to the mind that requires important action. The action will then proceed from deliberate judgment, and not from the impulse of passion. In tracing the history of the human race, we rarely find a heinous crime committed under the influence of calm consideration; but generally, if not always, under the excitement of some pernicious and baneful passion, and from some corrupt principle, which has been designedly instilled into the mind conformable to those passions. All evil speaking, all slanders, all defamation and detraction, proceed from these sources. No 'wars, no tyranny, nor persecution, could ever be supported by any other principle. If ever the civil and religious liberties of this nation are overthrown, it will be done through the prevalence of these causes. When strenuous and increasing efforts are made to gain a religious ascendancy, and to obtain the passage of laws in favor of the opinions and views of popular sects who lay claims to orthodoxy, and when such laws are enacted to favor such schemes, and to operate against unpopular sects, then let the lovers of national liberty beware lest the consummation of these designs and exertions shall finally terminate in the baneful and dreaded combination of the civil and ecclesiastical powers to sway the destinies of our country. If this should once be accomplished, then comes an end, a final end to all the liberties and privileges, both civil and religious, which have hitherto been the distinguished portion of this highly favored nation. The utility of every principle and system must be tested by its nature and effects. We therefore request the reader to examine, candidly and without prejudice, the tenets of our Society, and see if he can discover anything in the principles of its system incompatible with purity, justice, and charity—anything inconsistent with the social and spiritual happiness, or anything which is not compatible with the free agency of man, or with the civil anc religious rights bestowed upon us by our beneficent Creator, and secured to us by the ree institutions of our country. All must be aware that obedience to Shaker mnciples requires great self-denial against ;he natural propensities of man. But surely, if we believe the testimony of our Saviour, (Luke xiv. 33.) this can be no proof that ;hey are not the principles of genuine Christianity ; and whether they are approved or disapproved, or whether they are agreeable or disagreeable to the feelings of human nature, 10 one can have any reasonable ground of complaint, nor cause of opposition, since all are at their own option to embrace them or not. The faith and principles of our Society aave been tested more than eighty years in this land. Originating from means apparently ;he most contemptible and inadequate, yet nevertheless, means destined to stem all the opposition of nature's passions, to confront the pride and ambition of the world, and the persecutions of the bigoted votaries of popular religions, they have increased and grown, and been gradually unfolded and extended, and have been received by many, until they have stablished a people in the united order of harmony, peace, and social happiness, which continues to excite the increasing attention and wonder of mankind. If individuals who have belonged, to these Societies have violated their religious faith and principles, and refused to reform, they have been obliged, from the nature and operations of the principles, to depart, according to the declaration of our Saviour. Every branch in me that beareth fruit, my Father purgeth it, that it may bear more fruit; but every branch in me that beareth not fruit, my Father taketh it away. (John, xv. 1, 2.) No violation of virtuous principles being tolerated among us, unfaithful members must of necessity lose their union and relation to the Body, and go out from us, thereby showing they are not of us. But it must be obvious to all, that persons coming into the Society must necessarily have a time of probation, in order to prove their faith and integrity, before their sincerity can be tested, and their ultimate union as faithful members be established. Hence, during this probationary trial, it cannot reasonably be expected that every one who may reside in this community, though they may assume the garb and adopt the language common to its members, will be faithful representatives thereof. It is by the well known and established principles of the Society, that every individual, professed member is to be judged. Therefore, whatever may be their profession, language, or garb, if they violate the sacred principles aforesaid, they are not in true union, nor proper representatives of the Community—and by this rule all men may know them.—Brief Exposition.