The Editor's Appeal To our Patrons and Friends :—With this issue of The Shaker, we complete Vol. Second. We have again presented ninetysix pages of information of our life, faith and testimony, for the small sum of Fifty Cents ! The actual cost has been much more. We have not presented a life and testimony that meet the ' popular idea ' of what should be the religious theology ; but rather, have dealt in truths that were unpalatable to the masses, yet known to be truths, nevertheless. By this conscientious course—the dissemination of truth—regardless of whether it pleases or displeases—it is almost a miracle, that we have been as successful in meeting our expenses. We do not believe there is a more radically religious monthly in the world j —radical, so far as going down to the fbundaj tion of human woes and loss, illustrating their cause, effect and remedy, and aiming at the elevation of the whole human race. We have not attempted to attain unto a financial eminence; but rather, have from the first, been humbly content to meet our expenses, while doing the greatest possible good in the least possible space, at the lowest possible price. While we can feel, that the pulse of so large-a part of humanity is with us, sufficiently to aid us with the small pittance asked for The Shaker, we mean to live to uphold the standard of Christian Religion, as lived by Jesus, unbiassed and unmixed with human follies and fleshly lusts. We are very grateful, dear friends, for your kindly recognition of the strife in which we are engaged—to live here, as all expect they must live herafter j and though our little Shaker may not com- pletely effect the desired end—the salvation of innumerable souls from a further commission of sin—it will be an educator for the life that is to come. There are thousands who do not feel able nor willing to receive the saying: 'Be a Shaker!' but whose admiration is challenged by the knowledge that there are some who can receive the saying ' for the kingdom of heaven's sake; ' and such pay a tribute to virtue, when they realize that our principles are ' the salt of ttiis poor earth.' From such, and from all who love virtue, purity and goodness—from all who are interested in our standing uprightly for Christ's sake, and preaching the true gospel in our every-day life—from such we look for aid in sustaining The Shaker, by sending to us of your substance, according to your ability, and love ' For tlic cause, that lacks assistance— For the wrongs that need resistance— For the bright hopes in the distance, And the good that all may do.' Again thanking you for past favors, we beg for the continuance of the same—for the renewal of the large number of subscriptions that expire with this issue. We promise to render in exchange, an increasing amount of true religious literature and song; to enhance the value of our medium by a greater variety of subjects; and generally, to devote our whole soul's effort for the best good of humanity. We should not feel it dishonorable to discontinue for the present; but replies from every part of the Union, from all classes of individuals, give this question an emphatic negative. We shall, under this encouragement, ' run well for another season ; ' and we hope to receive that tangible sympathy, without which our efforts for humanity, but not our love, must fail. We appeal, then, to all: Subscribe for The Shaker. Lend the Lord a half-dollar, and after many days it will return to you, in value, a thousand fold. And may you fare well in our peace, love and blessing, until we meet on Canaan's happy shore ; and there, with one Lord, and one life like unto his, ' we shall know of the doctrine,' and part no more forever.