Theological Wrangling BY WILLIAM H. BUSSELL The combative spirit is common to mankind. Whether, as the phrenologists tell us, there is an original faculty in human nature inclining men to fight, which, by an excess of growth, overbalances the other faculties; or there is some other cause for it, the fact is evident that a disposition to contend with each other has ever been prevalent among human beings. Some seem to quarrel from a mere fondness for strife ; others, however, seek some pretext to justify themselves for whatever contests they engage in. This is especially true of theological combatants. These are almost universally found in ' the sacred orders;' they have been set apart for the defence of the truth, and, of course, they must discharge their sacred functions. They have high authority for their line of conduct;—'Earnestly contend for the faith once delivered to the saints,' is the injunction of holy writ, and nothing more is needed to fire their souls with sacred ardor for God's cause. Woe, then, to the unfortunate heretic who ventures to hurl a dart, however feebly, against the truth as they understand it! The zealot for God's holy cause, allows nothing to stand in the way of his divine rage. He smites-his foes on the righthand and on the left. ' Athanasius contra mundum' is conspicuous on the banner which he unfurls to the breeze, and he bids defiance to every adversary. But, unfortunately for the peace of society, some Arius is usually found to accept the challenge; and then begins the wordy strife, which ends, if not in blood, as in ancient times, yet in embittered feelings in those who engage in the controversy, and hostility more or less marked between those who take sides with either combatant. But, thanks to the diffusion of better views respecting human duties and obligations, the rancor once existing among theological disputants is greatly softened. It is true there are parties still that look upon each other with suspicion, fearful lest something terrible may ensue by the prevalence of one or another set of opinions; yet one cannot fail to see that there is in the present age a greater inclination than formerly existed, to discover what good thing there may be in this or that feody of religious people. Let this continue, aed. the best consequences may be expected. For where there is a disposition to praise whatever good may be found, instead of looking after some heretical dogma, each body of people will be emulous of the good, and more ready to .-abandon their senseless, wordy contests about mere speculative views. And this, in fact, is ** the faith once delivered to the saints.' It was the faith of Jesus, who proclaimed the reign of Divine Love, and who referred his adversaries to the good he had done as a proof that the doctrines he taught were of divine origin. It was the faith of the Apostles, who .labored incessantly to form a church, distinguished by the love its member: should bear to each other, and by the blameless life they lived, so as to become an acceptable offering to their Divine Head. It will be found by those who carefully look at ;he matter, that Paul, theologian as he was, aimed to bring all the converts of Christianity ;o a unity in the life of Christ, and not to form a mere set of Theological Institutes; though unfortunately, contentious minds have since his day made his writings a mere football on the arena of theological strife. There have always been those who have insisted that their peculiar dogmas shall be accepted by others, because to themselves these opinions seem of so much importance. And that is the ultimatum of their gospel. They do not seem willing to present with the strongest array of arguments they can command, what seems to them to be truth, and ;hen let it rest to be accepted or rejected by others according to their own judgment. They want others to admit the superiority of their views, and, as a matter of course, of their judgment. Hence, they are ready to attack all opinions opposite to theirs, though these may have been as carefully formed as their own. There certainly can be no objections to efforts for the discovery of every truth in God's universe, and for the promulgation of the same; but why insist that we have the truth if we cannot prove it ? And if we can prove what we present, there need be no fear but it will be ultimately accepted by all, though the discoverer's name should be buried in perpetual oblivion. The life of Christ proves itself divine to all who accept it and walk in it, and there is no controversy respecting it among all such. It is the ' shining light that shines more and more unto the perfect day.' Love, kindness, gentleness, fidelity to duty, and peaceableness of conduct produce no strife. Those only who are destitute of these, but possess the opposite qualities, arc the originators and promoters of the contentions that curse the world.