Gospel Friends, One and All : We have come to-day to blend our spirits with your spirits, and to sing with you the beautiful songs of joy and gladness ; and we say ' Good Morning' to every one ; each brother and sister has a place in our hearts' truest and best affections. Would you like to know how we came to be here ? Well, we took the early train, the ' train of thought,' as the speediest, safest, and best way to reach Mt. Lebanon in season ; and then we remembered that the goodly land of Canaan lies just beyond, and we came hither. We took a '' Palace Car' — it was beautifully wrought without and within—the seats were soft and easy, and we came along very comfortably. I like a ' Palace Car ' ever so much, I think it must resemble the car of Progress, whose wheels roll so rapidly along. And while we behold the beauties of nature, which are spread out before us, our minds are drawn upward, and we continue our march still onward to the bright Elysian fields, viewing the wondrous works of God until we are lost in admiration. The atmosphere is balmy with the sweet odor of purity and love, which is healthful and invigorating to both soul and body. In looking around upon the tall forest trees, which now wave their branches over our heads, we are reminded of other trees more beautiful than these; fruit-bearing trees in the vineyard of God ; with righteousness and peace they are laden, the golden fruits of harvest time. On each leaf is written some sweet expression of goodness, some new truth from the heavenly land, aglow with holy inspiration. Now another scene presents itself to view—a table spread with food to sustain the physical part. We read of a Prophet in ancient days, who was fed morning and evening by the fowls of the air, also of the children of Israel, who were fed with manna in the wilderness, and perhaps, at some future time, others may read of us who are assembled here to-day ; who knows but it may be so ? We frequently hear of family gatherings in the natural order, where children are called home, where fathers and mothers, and brothers and sisters, re-unite around the family altar. And now we are all home again in the land of our Fathers, and as we sit at the table, let us raise a shout of thanksgiving that we have been spared to enjoy this rich feast with Gospel Parents, and brethren and sisters. By dissolving the ties which bound us together as brothers and sisters in the old creation, or generative order, we have been enabled to hear the voice which said ' Come up higher, into a new, holy relation, on the platform of Truth, where superior joys are found.' To-day, dear young brethren and sisters, let us renew our early vows to be wholly consecrated to the Lord. How often we have thought of the little ark, so neatly constructed; containing those beautiful covenants by the brethren and sisters, which we hope and trust will ever remain unbroken. The memory of that day, spent with you on this hallowed spot two years ago, is still sacred and sweet. Let us ask, where is the ark now ? does it still rest with you on the Mountain of the Lord, where grow the lofty cedars of Lebanon? We rejoice that there are so many righteous men and women — prophets and prophetesses — on the earth at the present time; and we believe that there are inspired souls standing on this ground to-day who are able to tell us of the coming events of the great future. God bless you every one, and may you live long in this beautiful land of peace and prosperity, is the united prayer of your Gospel friends in Maine. Mary A. Gillespie, W. Gloucester, Me.