Beloved Elders, and Brethren and Sisters : It is now somewhat over twelve months since I arrived here from England, and I frankly confess that I feel the importance of becoming a real Shaker; and am very thankful that I have found a people who are living pure, spiritual lives, and who are denying themselves of those things which the world values the most highly. The Apostle might well observe : ' What fruit had ye in those things whereof ye are now ashamed ? for the end of those things is death.' The things of which we all ought to be ashamed, and of which the Apostle speaks, are ' the works of the flesh — adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness,' etc. On the other hand, he says: ' The fruits of the Spirit are love, joy, peace, long-suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance,' etc.; and these virtues, I am happy to know, are cultivated in a remarkable degree by the Shakers. It is true that, to a great extent, the surroundings make the man or the woman; so that when a body of men and women are gathered together, imbued with the Christ Spirit, and who are living from pure motives, and for noble ends, and who keep the animal nature in subiection to the spiritual, they cannot fail to draw down heavenly influences among them ; thus proving that the kingdom of God has come, and that his will is being ' done on earth as it is done in heaven.' Brethren and Sisters, I feel that the work to which we are called, is the upbuilding of Zion upon these principles and virtues, of which the Prophets had some faint foreshadowings. The Apocalyptic John saw the new Jerusalem representatively; but it is our high privilege to labor for its actual embodiment, first in our own hearts and lives, and then in the world around us. The religion of Christendom has had a great deal to say about saving souls, but scarcely any thing about bodies. In fact, they have considered the body to be of very little importance. But it should be remembered, that the object of Jesus was to establish a system and order in and by which the physical bodies of its members should be supplied with all necessary temporal things, as well as to afford to each one an opportunity of working out the salvation of his and her own soul. Man, even in regard to his physical organization, is ' fearfully and wonderfully made,' so that we cannot be too careful in the cultivation of our bodily as well as mental powers. Attention to the physiological laws of our being is of the greatest importance, so far as our earth life is concerned ; this being the basis for the superstructure of the second life. We should move in harmony with Nature's laws, and with Nature's God; that, ultimately, we may attain to that high, spiritual altitude for which we originally were designed. When one looks into the world, and sees what the works of the flesh have done, and are still doing, in producing and extending iniquity and crime of every name and nature, how can he but exclaim, ' O Lord, how long !' But there is a better time coming to all. Thank Heaven, it has already come to a few. The great gulf which divides the rich from the poor is now being bridged over. The cries of the oppressed and enslaved have ascended to Heaven, and the answer, as of old, has been given: ' I have seen the affliction of my people who are in Egypt; and now come, I will send thee, that thou mayst deliver them.' We see these deliverers and Saviours who have come upon Mount Zion. We also see them in the political reforms which are shaking the nations from center to circumference. We see them, too, in our social, sanitary, and religious reforms ; indeed, in every effort that is being made for the uplifting of humanity. Let us hope that, by the influence of their agency, instead of war, we shall have peace ; instead of sensuality and adultery, we shall have chastity; instead of drunkenness, sobriety; instead of slavery, true liberty; and instead of discord, concord; as it is written : ' They shall not hurt, nor destroy, in all my holy mountain ; for the knowledge of the Lord shall cover the earth, as the waters cover the great deep.' ' Haste, happy day; that time I long to see, When every sou of Adam shall be free ; Then shall the happy world around proclaim, The pleasing wonders of Immanuela name.' David Brown