Bombay, India, July 23,1873 Elder Frederick : Dear Brother and Father :—Reaching this great city (of 600,000), in India, my heart was made glad by receiving a number of letters from America, among which was one from you. Reading, I thought of the poet's lines: ' Ev'ry sentence, O how tender ! Every line, how full of love !' I also received a long and most excellent letter from Benj. Starbuck. The Shaker papers, and the books, interested me deeply. They must do good service for Zion. The ' Shaker and Shakeress ' are really beautiful copies, and do honor to Believers, and to the principles they enunciate. Truly is not ' Zion putting on her beautiful garments?' India is a great country, with a marvelous people. Marvelous because here was the cradle of civilization and religion. Egypt borrowed as largely from India, as did Greece from Egypt. I went up the Ganges, to Benares, from Calcutta; saw human bodies floating in the river, and also saw them burning their dead. The Brahmins are very intelligent ; some of them are fine English scholars. They eat no meat; and one sect among them — the Mararajohs — are celibates. They are priests. There are one hundred and fifty thousand Englishmen in Bombay; and multitudes of them all through India. I found a number of Spiritualists in Calcutta, and there are some in Bombay. In Calcutta, there is the groundwork for Shakerism. A number were interested in my descriptions of the Shakers — some English, some half-castes, and some natives. The Hindoos are certainly a superior race, or rather, combination of races. Young Hindoo lads sent to English colleges usually come out with the highest honors. They excel in mathematics and metapJiysics. The country along the great rivers is just adapted to rice growing. The weather is intensely hot; one could hardly live here, in Bombay, were it not for the sea breezes. The streets are narrow and filthy, compared to American cities. The native men of the cities wear only hip clothes ; the women do not do much better. Such exposures of the persons tend to excite the animal; hence the lower classes are very licentious. In fact, lust, and the love of gold, are the damning sins of the age. Oh! the curse of selfis7mess ! We sail to-morrow for Egypt, through the Red sea. Expect to switch off at Alexandria, to go to Jaffa; then to Jerusalem; then back to Alexandria, in Egypt, to sail for Trieste; then down the Rhine to England. I am getting anxious to reach my native land, and clasp the hands of friends. I often think of you, and the dear souls in Zion. Give them my love. Ask them to sing me one song to be borne by spirits to my hungry soul. In great haste — love to all. Most affectionately thine, J. M. Peebles