GATHER UP THE FRAGMENTS We live in a day when there is almost a miraculous profusion of knowledge, pouring forth from the press, from those who run to and fro, and from those who are called to instruct. Amidst all this profusion, I hear the call, ringing in my spirit ears, ' Gather up the fragments.' The object of gathering up the fragments of bread and fish, was, that they might be used on a future occasion to help to sustain life, by being incorporated into the bodies of men and women. Knowledge, if not incorporated into habits of life, is to us lost. The higher departments of knowledge include, first, the laws of health and nutrition. Second, morals and manners. Third, the truths appertaining to the higher life — the life of God. SHAKEEE8S. 3 These three departments are so inseparably interwoven, that a person of no mean standing, in summing up and concentrating his thoughts, exclaimed: ' The history of a people, is but a chapter in' Physiology.' In other words, the habits that you form, determine your destiny. There are thousands, I may say millions, who are every day forming habits, that utterly exclude the life of God from their spirits. Hence, whenever the Spirit goes forth to awaken the dead, the word is Repent — throw aside your old habits, and cease to associate with those who continue to do as you have done. This word was the burden of the life and testimony of the witnesses of the first and second appearing of Christ. And, in the nature of things, will continue to be the word, till not one iota of any habit, thought or emotion, contrary to the life of God in our spirits is found. We know from our experience, that we are in the work of the second appearance of Christ, for it brings forth the same fruits as did its first appearing. First, it separates from the world : ' Ye are not of the world, even as I am not:' Jesus Christ. Second, freedom from sin. (ib.) ' Those who commit sin are of the devil.' (ib.) Third, a life of purity, peace, and goodness : ' Blessed are the pure in heart.' (ib.) Now, my young friends, in this day of profusion, ' gather up the fragments ;' save the crumbs. Let your souls be alive, and awake to the slightest movement of the emotions of your lower natures; keep them in the light—kill evil in the germ. The farmer, when he turns up the soil, kills unprofitable weeds, and, at the same time, admits the air to quicken the inert soil, and the sunshine to warm into life the precious grains. So we, in harrowing up the old man and woman, admit the breathings of our heavenly Parents, and the sunshine of their presence creating us anew in their own likeness. It is for you to bring forth not only Pentecostal gifts, but also to destroy the works of the devil in yourselves. Wisdom is profitable to direct. D. F.