Shaker Village, N. H. August 15th, 1873 To our dearly-beloved Gospel Friends, assembled at the Social Gathering, Canaan, N. Y. greeting: We are again at our New Hampshire home in Canterbury, having arrived here all safe, about noon on the 13th inst., having, since leaving New Lebanon on the 6th, spent one day with our friends at Hancock, and four days at Enfield, Conn. Common health and prosperity is found both at home and abroad, as far as we have extended our visits. We now have with us, Elder John Whiteley, of the Ministry, Harvard, and Eldress Sophronia Ager, Julia Persons, and Rosa Morse, of the Church, Shirley, Mass. They will remain here until the 20th, when they will visit Enfield, N. H., and we shall accompany them. Our interview with the Canaan Families, in connection with the North Family, at the North House, New Lebanon, on the 3d inst., is numbered, as one among the happiest seasons of our lives. The company, the associations, the occasion, and the influences, were all beautiful, and will long be remembered. The rock was there smitten, and waters gushed out for our refreshment and a deeper baptism of love. We never think of that meeting, but to bless the hour and the company composing the circle that ministered so effectually to our comfort and strength. You. are before us to-day, as then, a host from the heavens, blessing, and being blest. We again renew to you our kindest love, praying that the riches of the Gospel may be multiplied in your souls; that, at this anniversary, you may enjoy a Pentecostal feast. As progression is the right of Believers, so we pray that increased light may be yours, and corresponding strength given for justification in all the acts of life. We want your emanations to better fit us for coming duties. May all Zion share in these influences ; and, from the power of the redeeming qualities of the Gospel Institution, become a mightier power, and a greater praise in the earth. We pray God to smile upon your offerings, and strengthen you to the renewing of life, to the unfolding of more advanced truths, not only for the bettering of the condition of our own ranks by a higher resurrection, but for the elevation of humanity as a whole. Abraham Perkins