OUR MOTHER ANN I see her by the forge fire's light, A guileless, thoughtful Quaker child ; The glowing embers burning bright, Her meditations have beguiled. Sweet lessons from the Holy Writ, That on her heart impression made, Before her fancy swiftly flit, In colors that will never fade. Afar she sees the falling rain On Noah's lonely struggling ark; Then views the cities of the plain That would not to the waning hark. The youth that was to Egypt sold, The infant hid where rushes sigh, And him whose innocence was bold, That softly answered, 'Here am I.' Then comes the vision of that birth, Whose music seems her soul to thrill, When angel hosts sang, 'Peace on earth,' God's glory, ' and to man, good will.' One, on his Father's business bent, Sat with the Doctors of the Law, To question them, with mind intent On truth that they but dimly saw. In him it was a quicken'd seed, That yet would yield its hundred-fold, 'T was his to fill its utmost meed, And still a higher life unfold. And when that youth return'd to grow In favor with both God and man, The past to him was all aglow, With types of God's great future plan. But she, whose childhood now we trace, Rose like a star above the sea, To usher in the day of grace, The Heavenly Mother's majesty. Stern sat the Ages in their pride, And boasted of each noble son, For they of daughters were denied, Till man's great prowess should be won, And till he proved his power to fail, In all attempts to free the race, And know that he could not prevail, Till woman held her rightful place. Earth needed dual heart and brain, To learn the song that Heaven sings, To echo the melodious strain, From harps that chime a thousand strings. It needed hands that God could teach, To deal with priestcraft and with sin, The Temple's inmost vail to reach, And there disclose the Ghoul withia. It needed one whose gentle soul Could sorrow with a tender grief, Of whom the Christ could take control, And make a fountain of relief. And she was called in early days, Not by loud thunders from above, But by the 'still small Voice ' that stays Among the elements of love. Sweet in her lowly home she grew, 'Neath Heav'n's watchful angels' care, And spoke far wiser than she knew, And pray'd the soul-redeeming prayer. No human heart could hers sustain, Though like a fruitful vine she clung, Or lonely wept and strove in pain, While yet her wondrous life was young. When persecution's demon-band Made dark the pathway that she trod, She turned her eyes to Freedom's land, For she was serving Freedom's God. Oh, had that land in part received The saving truth her spirit bore, No war nor slavery would have grieved Its vast domain from shore to shore. But on its soil the tree of life Was planted, and beneath its shade We have a home with blessings rife, A home her faithful children made. We have her spirit with us here, And His whose holy love she found; Our Heavenly Parents, blest and dear, Are with us, and our feast is crown'd. Cecelia De Vyr