A CHILD'S OFFERING We read, ' The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests, but the Son of Man hath not where to lay his head.' So it was with our first Parents, who settled in the wilderness of America nearly a hundred years ago. They suffered persecution, endured hardships and privations, and many sacrificed their physical lives for the Gospel's sake ; and, when the wicked raged and blasphemed against the testimony, they stood firm as a rock, to defend the Mother Church, which was in process of being built on earth. Thus the Gospel of Jesus Christ and Mother Ann was planted in this country under adverse circumstances. It has gradually increased from that time to the present, till 18 societies, or 60 communities, are now established in this ' new world.' The foundations of truth are laid firm and strong, and those of us who are young should embrace every opportunity to cultivate the truth in our own hearts. Honesty of purpose, and purity of life, shall ever be my motto. I will toil unselfishly in the Gospel field, that I may merit the love, union, and blessing of my Elders, brethren, and sisters. To me this is a happy season, and while meditating upon it, the following occurred to my mind : 'Where are thy joys, O babbling earth ? Whence does thy glory come? Hast thou the pearl of priceless worth? Art thou the pilgrim's home ? In thee, does Mammon reign supreme, And seas of passion roll ? In thee, does pleasure's fickle dream Bring sorrow to the soul ? When toss'd upon life's billowy sea, Thy glittering hubbies burst; Then all thy pleasures quickly flee : — Such are thy joys, O earth ! So, I have turn'd from thee, and seek, Tn Zion's blessed fold, The joys which do of heaven bespeak, Affording peace untold; Joys (far surpassing Ophir's gold) •Which yield eternal bliss, And which adorn the youthful soul With perfect loveliness. These are the joys that I will seek ; They lift the soul above. And clothe it with the spirit meek Of the celestial Dove. Ida Burger, Canaan. (14.)