'MY SAINTS.' Who are' my saints' of whom the Spirit speaks—'Gather my saints together, those who have made a covenant with me by sacrifice' —if it be not those men and women amongst the Spiritualists who are continent; who, like J. 3f. Peebles, and other prominent persons whom I could name, and for whom I often pray, as for the scattered sheep of the fold (or Community) of Christ; those who have listened to, and. heard, the voice of the Christ Spirit, calling upon them to come up higher— into the Resurrection—henceforth to live and walk in newness of life, as pure spiritual celibates f I have confidence in J. M. Peebles, that, although away from the external centres of protection, on a voyage round the world, and subjected to temptations that but few withstand, he is not only true to his marital vows, but he is also obedient to the voice of conscience, and to the ' covenant' he has made with God and his people, to live as Jesus lived—as the Shakers live—a Christian celibate. These continent Spiritualists, like the first Founders of our Order, are living to God in Babylon; testing their powers, and growing strong ' in the hour of temptation.' They are being purified in affliction, and through tribulation. Not only are married persons living as brother and sister; but many are banishing the use of stimulating drinks, tobacco, and unphysiological food, as far as is possible in an order where all things are adulterated; from the marriage relation to the milk upon which their offspring are fed, and by which they often die ; from bread— the ' staff of life'—to the mineral drugs and medicines—the substitutes of vitality—which cut off its already ' brittle thread.' These saints will be gathered together into Shaker Communities. And, if there was not a Shaker upon earth, the same laws of ascension and spiritual progress that have hitherto raised up peaceful Shaker Celibate Communities, would produce them spontaneously, as fire is often produced without tinder, flint, or match. Peace principles ; Woman's Rights, (including the right to live a virgin life); Physiological truth, that shall cure all manner of diseases, j ust as did Jesus; Labor, that is man's rightful inheritance ; ' using this world as not abusing it; are the atonements which will ' take away the sins of the world ;' and, although ' they be as scarlet, they shall become white as snow; and though they be as crimson, they shall become like well-washed wool.' The Jewish Chronicle thinks that it was partially owing to their nice discrimination in the use of food that the Israelites reached at so early an age a cultured and civilized condition. It observes, concerning the modern laxity in this matter: ' We are aware that in certain circles amongst our community, it is the fashion to condemn as antiquated, and therefore worthless, that delicacy as to what we shall eat enjoined by the Levitical law; but, until a sneer arrive at the dignity of an argument, we shall continue to advocate close adherence to the dietary laws laid down by the Mosaic code, and to regard as a declension in true civilization any divergence to the cosmopolitan opinions of our so-called social reformers.'