PROCRASTINATION I vividly remember that, in my early school-days, committing to memory ' Thomas Jefferson's Ten Rules of Life ;' one, of which I took particular note, was the following: ' Never put off till tomorrow what can be done to-day.' Every word of this sentence is full of meaning; by the omission of the first word, the sentence is materially changed, Never is a strong term ; no one ever makes use of it, without feeling its force. It is often spoken with a will, and to some purpose, in making good resolutions, many of which have been forever sealed, by this word of five letters. I would here resolve, to never defer till to-morrow, the tasks and duties of to-day, thinking that perchance, a better time may come. Not so ; it is never too soon to ' put shoulder to the wheel of action.' There is a certain amount of labor to be performed, on whom does it depend, and to whom can the well tried pillars in Zion look for support, if not to the rising generation ? Though seemingly incapable, yet there are, here and there, buds of promise to be seen in the garden of the Lord, which in course of time will bloom in beauty and perfection, to adorn his Temple. Let us pause for a moment, and call to mind the self-forgetfulness of our predecessors in the Gospel. There are those with us to-day who have suffered want in a temporal point of view, while they have toiled, and given their strength for others; but we are in possession of every needful comfort. Nay more ! spiritual food, according to the soul's travel, is meted out by Zion's faithful watchmen, who stand as sentinels to guard the chosen city. They count not their lives dear, but toil, oft-times beyond physical endurance, to ransom souls from a sin-polluted world. Such will not have to Wait till the morrow for their reward; it is ever with them ; their lives attest the truth. One might ask, How has this intrinsic goodness been attained? The returning answer is, By beginning now. Society is made little or no better off, by persons who are always just beginning, and never bringing any thing to pass. Strength of mind, and force of application, are essential qualifications to a well-balanced, mind. If in possession of all these important traits of character, the hill of Difficulty, which Bunyan saw in dream will be reached by dint of perseverance ; though we have to pass through the ' slough of Despond.' We will keep our eye on the light, that shines from the Watch-tower, on the summit, all the way down, even to the first round of the ladder. It seems quite an undertaking to climb from earth to heaven ; why not fly, as machines for the purpose are being made? and from all accounts, they must closely approximate Jupiter; but I guess it will be best to wait awhile ; at least till after the trial trip across the Atlantic. Procrastination would be wisdom in this case : yet if that should prove a failure, there doubtless will be some other new method contrived. No telling; ' for great are the inventions of man.' There is one thing however, that I hope will never be postponed a day later than is necessary; that is our Social Gathering. Margaret Cleveland