VERY DEARLY LOVED GOSPEL FRIENDS How do you all do this lovely morning ? Pleased to see you, good Elder Frederick. Let us shake the friendly hand, my good Mother, Eldress Antoinette. Here, too, is Brother Daniel, Sister Anna, and little Margaret, who so lately visited our people in Maine; feeling nicely, are you ? Your hearts are all right I know ; we love all our dear brethren and sisters, and take them right into our hearts to bless. This is a happy meeting, and kindles anew feelings of Gospel union and affection; and renews ties of friendship, which have for many years been too strong to be broken. A feeling of gratitude is awakened in my heart, to my Heavenly Father and Mother, for my early call to this self-denying Gospel, which brings an abundance of peace, joy, and comfort, as a reward for the sacrifice that I have made, for the durable riches, the crown of life eternal. Two short years have passed, since I was favored to meet with you at your social feast, in the land of Canaan, where with you I gathered clusters of sweet grapes; thanks to you dear Gospel companions; they were happy moments; such social interblendings fill my soul with higher, holier thoughts and aspirations than could be enjoyed in the fine city halls of to-day (unless Shaker brethren and sisters were there). In spirit I often exclaim, Blessed is the Shepherd and Shepherdess of this lovely flock ! and the sheep and lambs also, who obey of choice. Such are indeed ' the first-fruits unto God and the Lamb ;' and, when brighter days shall shine upon us in the summer land, and the great jubilee of angel spirits commences with us there, we shall find this but a foreshadowing of that beautiful season, when all our inspirational feelings will be aroused, and the balmy air of Heaven will waft to us the realization of those inner joys and comforts we have so often anticipated here. Blessed pastime! away from the turmoils of everyday life, and its toils; from the din of carriages filled with worldly-minded men and women, rolling along in the streets, seeking pleasure through vain fashion; and, while they admit of every foolish thing, there is within their hearts an aching restless void, never filled, never satisfied ; while the true Believer, through the self-denying cross, has, at all times, a safeguard, and feels a holy calm. How holy the theme, to be learning to live the angel life, living in quietness and peace, forming a heaven here below, blessing and being blest. In all our efforts to live the higher life, angels minister strength and courage, to help us carry out so noble a purpose. To-day we will unite with you in every good determination, and in every resolve to be true disciples ; and we will take you by the hand, and move with you; final redemption is our resolute strife; we will win the prize. And, should dark clouds gather, and for a time no silver lining be seen, we with you will stand firm and unshaken, frequently washing our spirits in the river Jordan, even as angels dip their robes. Hester Ann Adams, West Gloucester, Me.