INDIAN CELIBATES The question has often been asked,' Are there any celibates among the Indians?' From the most remote period to which their traditional history extends, there has been a class of prophets among the Indians. They have always been held in great reverence by the tribes, and regarded as having special intercourse with the Great Spirit, and as receiving gifts from Him not granted to others of the race. They are celibates, and live retired from the others, in a separate lodge, in the depths of the forest, and in a great measure sway the destinies of the nation. Chiefs and warriors all bow to their behests as to the voice of the Great Spirit. They are believed to have great influence with all good and bad spirits ; and that they can send blessings on the heads of all those for whom they invoke them; that they can give them success in hunting and fishing, prevent disease, accidents, and disasters, and grant success and victory over enemies, and that they can also, if their counsels are not obeyed, smite with sickness and famine, send a wind to break the fisher's nets in pieces, and send their deadly influence through the air in such a way that all the wild beasts will flee from the hunting grounds, and leave the hunter to return faint and unsuccessful from the chase to his starving ones at home. Some of them are believed to hold intercourse with the dead, and have deposited in their wigwam, the skeleton of some wise man of the tribe who has passed away, which skeleton they consult with unearthly mutterings, heard by the frightened women and children outside, who speak of it in whispers one to another, and which are listened to with awe and reverence by the warriors and old men of the tribe. Such an one accompanied Black Hawk, and held him in his power, and urged him into his disastrous war with the whites, promising him success, which never came. Hence he was ever afterward, called the ' Lying Prophet.' There are also prophetesses; they are celibates, and preside at ths Mitawa, or Sacred Dance. It is their office to bless the worshipers, more especially those who have held out longest in the dance; for such are considered as having special strength given them by the Great Spirit. The prophetess places her hands on their heads, while they kneel before her, and invokes a blessing on them ; she also chants a song of thanksgiving for the gift of strength which they have received from the good Spirit. They believe themselves strengthened by the ministration received through her invocation, and go forth prepared to fight the battle against Mujimanito the Spirit of Evil, and the whole class of lesser evil spirits ; for the Indians believe there is an evil spirit for every crime, and for every disease incident to the human frame. There are very many of these evil spirits. They believe the spirit of Lying is a miserable little hobgoblin, with sharp, crooked talons, and beak like that of an eagle, who skulks into the wigwam, and whispers into the ears of children, also of adults, and tempts them to tell lies. Theft they believe is a still more abominable little imp, with cunning, sneaking face, and eyes like those of a snake, who hides himself in a corner of the wigwam, and tempts foolish ones to steal; also that sickness is produced by evil spirits entering into any one, and producing pain and terrible distress, which can only be cast out by invocation, and help from the good spirits. These prophetesses also live in solitary wigwams, in a remote part of the forest, and are consecrated to a celibate life. Traveling one day, in the region that lies north from Lake Superior, I suddenly struck upon a path that led to a solitary lodge that had over the door the sign of the white dove, or pigeon, the emblem of a prophetess. I entered it, and found, seated within, a very aged woman, her head white with the snows of a hundred winters. She said that she had been a prophetess of the tribe for three generations, and had talked with the Great Spirit ever since she was a child of seven summers. She asked me to read to her from the muzeniagun, or sacred book of the pale faces. I read to her a portion from Christ's sermon on the mount, I had not proceeded far, when she started up, and lifting her hands toward heaven, with a sudden burst of inspiration exclaimed: ' He has come again ! the White Spirit has come again! I know his voice ! 'tis the same ! he is speaking to me just as he did before !' She then told me that when she was a child, about seven years old, a White Spirit came down through the opening in the top of her SHAKEEE8S, 5 6 SHAKER A.ND father's wigwam, and sitting by her bed-side, in the silence of the night, had spoken to her the words I had just read. ' There were many wigwams around,' she said, 'but to mine only did the White Spirit come, and speak to me these very words. 'Tis he! 'Tu he! He has come again ! 'T is the voice of the White Spirit, my son ! Granville Sproat, late Missionary (for many years) among the Indians