Dearly-Beloved in the Lord: Precious Brethren and Faithful Sisters, I have come for the purpose of enjoying a rich feast of heavenly union with you to-day; and I stand before you as a little child, asking your blessing for myself and people. I would drink with you from the fountain of inspiration which is deep and inexhaustible, that my soul may be filled with the love that perisheth not, but which abideth forever. The songs of Zion, sung by the good and true, are always inspiring to me. I would have a part with the children of the resurrection, those who have risen above dead works, and who, by a life of self-denial, watchfulness, and prayer, have gained the victory; and, if I live as they have lived, and walk as they have walked, I feel sure of reaping the same reward. Accept heartfelt thanks for the welcome which you have extended to absent friends who have come to visit you in spirit to-day; and, in return, we would extend love and blessing in full measure to each brother and sister. The Lord promised, by an ancient Prophet, that in the latter day he would fill his house with glory, and open anew his fountains of eternal truth; even so it is, and so let it be. Priceless gems shall be added unto you who are already numbered as jewels in our Father and Mother's house, and blessing shall rest upon you a hundred fold. Take courage and be strong, young brethren; let us fight the good fight of faith manfully, and falter not, nor grow weary of well-doing. He who putteth his hand to the plow, and looketh back, is not fit for that glorious kingdom which is to be our inheritance. If we lay hold on eternal life, we may claim every blessing that was ever promised to the children of God, and the whole army of the Lord will be on our side ; but, if we retreat from the ranks, we shall be counted as traitors and cowards — a name which any young man of honor would despise. I promise you, as brother Daniel Offord (who recently visited us) said, ' I will stand up like a man, and lay down my life— a selfish generative life — for the cause ;' and, like you, my beloved brother, I will gain the beautiful gifts of humility and child-like simplicity, which adorn every faithful follower of Christ. I give my hand as a pledge, to each brother, that I will endure unto the end. I will sow to the spirit that I may reap life everlasting. I am thankful for the Gospel of salvation ; and it gives me great joy to know that I have a Heavenly Mother, and dear Gospel sisters, whose gentle tones of love are so wisely calculated to subdue that proud, ambitious nature, so strong in man. I have heard that voice, and it has been a blessing to me. I ask your prayers, and will forever remain your brother in the truth. John B. Vance, Alfred, Me.