Kind Elders, Brethren and Sisters : I have a desire to contribute something toward the general good of our Social Gathering, and to cast in my mite to help along the good work. I feel quite an interest in our Social Gatherings, and look eagerly forward to the time when they come. This is the second time I have had the pleasure of making one of your number ; receiving some good from the first, may I not hope to gather something from the present one also, that will benefit me in my spiritual progress ; something that will bind me more firmly to you, and to the Gospel, into which I am called. It is, indeed, a great work. 1 have faith in it, and believe that no one can find salvation from sin, unless they work it out for themselves, by an honest confession thereof, and forsaking it, taking up a daily cross against it, by walking in the way which is kept open by our Elders, and by all truth-loving souls. Thus living to know and do the will of God, I believe I can find complete redemption. It is only a question of time. I often feel that there is not enough consecration on my part; that I am not doing enough for my brethren and sisters, or for the cause of the Gospel. This consecrated spirit I do most earnestly desire ; that I may labor and toil, not for my self, but for SHAKER J^NJD 8 my brethren and sisters. I feel a geat desire to overcome a selfish spirit. I am thankful for the relation which I am forming, a relation that will never end, and for the degree of union I have found, I am thankful for my home; my beautiful Gospel home; every thing surrounding it seems dear to me; the barns, out-houses, gardens, the trees, and the flowering plants the sisters have cultivated, all are dear to me. And I would be one with you, brethren and sisters, to make our home beautiful in both a temporal and spiritual sense ; to make it look as much as we can like our destined home, in the Spirit Land, that we sing so much about. I desire to labor with you for substantial riches ; a treasure that I can realize when this life is over; a home that I can go to, and meet with kindred spirits, to live with and enjoy their society. This is my hope, and for this I will labor. George Clark