Brethren and Sisters : We have met here, in our favorite Grove to-day, to complete the circle of another year; to blend the joys of the past with the hopes of the future, and also our feelings of union and love; to sing our hymns of praise, and our beautiful songs of thanksgiving and worship ; to strengthen the social compact that is to carry us through the coming year; giving pleasure and satisfaction to each of the Families represented in this Social Gathering; and to every individual who now has the privilege of casting his and her mite into the Lord's treasury, a foretaste of the good hope we possess of meeting in our future home in the spirit land, where we shall realize the fullness of the joya of those purified souls who have passed on before us. But how shall we prepare ourselves to enjoy life in the spirit spheres ? By coming in rapport with those who have left the shores of time ; or shall it be by comprehending our own spiritual nature as it upholds itself under the operations of the Gospel? I think both are necessary. The one may please; but the other will not only please, but will give us a knowledge of ourselves as spiritual beings. The unfoldment of our spiritual natures does not depend upon what others may think they know of us, but upon what we know of ourselves. It is both pleasing and strengthening to have the approbation of those with whom we toil. But, in the growth and unfoldment of the spiritual t&gt;art, is found that well of living waters spoken of by the good Teacher, who said, 'If I be lifted up, I will draw all men unto me.' I earnestly hope that all who are here will feel the power of that drawing love which bids us ascend and come up to where he who was ' the First-born of many brethren stands, clothed with the glory of his Second Appearing, which shines forth, through the Sisterhood, with beauty and lifting power. And now the First and Second Appearing, with the love and tender eare of Father and Mother, blend their drawing influences into one; and, as good Shepherds, they have gathered us together, and lead us to green pastures, and by the side of living waters, which are found in abundance in this our fair land of Canaan. John Greaves