A CONVERSATION, BETWEEN Louisa Sherman Elvah Leavenworth Catharine Allen Mary Barnum, and Martha A. Burger Sarah J. Burger Catharine—Another year of our earthly pilgrimage has passed since last we met on this consecrated heaven-blest spot, to partake (unitedly) of the spiritual, intellectual, and temporal fruits which are so bountifully provided. The verdure which then robed the vegetable kingdom hath changed form. Earth hath slumbered long, wrapt in a snowy mantle, and has again been renewed from her hidden source of wealth by active but unseen agencies. Louisa — And no less change has been wrought in the spiritual elements. Our souls have oft been refreshed by living water-brooks, and the bread that imparts life-everlasting; and I hope we can all feel that, through toil and aspiration, we have woven new and purer robes for our spirits. Martha—I hope we can realize an increase ; for what should be the object of our lives, unless by successive steps in truth, we climb the ladder which extends from an earthly to a spiritual sphere ? Elvah — For this purpose we are called to the Gospel work, wherein our opportunities for developing all our better faculties are very great. Bat underlying the spiritual growth, and every true reform, is a law, the transgression of which, is manifest in the diseased, dwarfed, and degenerate beings which people the earth. This law is Physical Health; a diseased and enfeebled body cannot be the tabernacle of a sound and healthy mind. Mary — Do you think this rule universal ? We are acquainted with some, of uncommon spiritual and mental culture, who often suffer from bodily infirmity; and again, we notice those whose physical development is powerful, but who manifest only the inferior qualities of mind. Elvah — That may be true. With many, infirmities are hereditary; and, where such strive to rise above and outgrow them by righteous living, they attain strength of spirit — power of mind — which they otherwise could not, while in the contrary practices which have their inevitable effects. However, the fact is not altered, that the mind, which is spirit acting through the brain, is, in a greater or less degree, enfeebled by disease. Can the germ of the most beautiful tree, planted in an unhealthf ul soil, expand in equal beauty and vigor, as where under conditions congenial to its growth? or, can the mind, while subject to morbid matter, unfold in the same perfection and spiritual energy, as when the channels of life to both are unimpaired, and all the functions of mind and matter work harmoniously together, which are the only conditions of real health ? Mary — I think not. Sarah — We need but glance upon the progressive dispensations of God's work with man, to see how important a good physical foundation was considered by the Creator, for the development of the spiritual faculties. We trace the history of the Jews, the then chosen people of God, and perceive how thoroughly they were educated by tutelary divinities adapted to their conditions in every particular, relating to the laws of life while on the mundane sphere. Cattiarine—That is true; and Christianity should rest upon Judaism. Jesus, in whom was exhibited a mind so fine and well harmonized, united to a highly-organized physique, was the fruit of ancestry who, for generations back, had very closely observed the statutes given through Moses. And it was the Jews who, in that sacredly-remembered Pentecostal day, received the mighty outpouring of divine inspiration from the Christ heavens that baptized them into that pure, unselfish love which they actualized in a universal brotherhood in a comparatively-perfect community of temporal and spiritual blessing, with a Virgin Life basis, forming the Jewish Christian Church. Louisa — The discipline to which the Israelites had so many years been subject, prepared them to be the mediums of this influx of advanced truth. The Gentiles could not have received it, as is shown in succeeding history. We have abundant evidence, that practical religion must have a foundation in a system of physiology which gives health to body and mind. Agriculture, in its various and interesting branches, should be the Christian's employment. Elvah — Our beautiful home, from which we view the woodland hills, so lovely to behold, the rolling meadows, and extended gardens, all teeming with the fruits of well-cultured soil, witness to the truth of your statement. And also, the durable, commodious, and well-preserved buildings ; the many ornamental and fruit-bearing trees which shade our common walks ; and the surrounding orchards, so nicely pruned, yielding luxuriantly; all speak praise to those whose love and consecration to God and humanity have established this home, whose doors are ever open to seekers after truth. Martha — It certainly is a true religion that provides so bountifully for the wants of all, knowing no distinction save goodness; and we, who enjoy so blessed a heritage, should prove our gratitude by fully dedicating all the energies of our being to retain the wealth, temporal and spiritual, which has already been accumulated, raising the standard of truth still higher; but, to do this, we must have health. Sarah — As the subject of physiology is so importantly connected with our well-being, and the accomplishment of our highest aims, would it not be well to give it more thought,—discover the cause of disease, that we may avoid its effects ? First, Is its origin physical or spiritual 1 Louisa —' The spirit world is a world of causes ; this, of effects.' Mind is the primal cause of all material existence. Our physical being is in every way subservient to the spirit that animates it; therefore the origin of disease is spiritual. It is through the mind that we learn the laws of our physical being; and through ignorance, and the perverted appetites of the mind, these laws are transgressed. Mary — It was an adage among the Spaniards, that 'a man was either a physiologist or a fool,' showing that every rational person would consider the rules of health to be a study of the first importance. Catharine — The practical effects of such an idea, would soon dispense with the great system of doctors, and all their poisonous drugs. This once abolished, and the universal acknowledgment that all sickness is the effect of sin, we should then only take the position which the Jews occupied over three thousand years ago. They had no order of physicians, made no provision for sickness, and consequently had very little to bear, and the few who were so unfortunate, were looked upon as in disgrace, and were denied the privileges of the rest, till restoration was made through the priesthood. Elvah — It is evident that, with such a standard, greater care would be taken by all, to preserve good health. We should be more particular to adapt our clothing to the changing atmosphere; more willing to deny our abnormal appetites of injurious food, and irregular habits ; and should never be guilty of throwing away the best portion of wheat (the most precious of cereals), in which is contained every element of vegetable and animal existence. Sarah — Which is the most valuable part 1 Martha—The inner and outer bran, in which is contained, brain, nerve, and bone-making material. Next the bran, is gluten, the fleshforming element, and the inner substance is starch, consumed in breathing. The practice of living upon bread made of superfine flour, and often adulterated with carbonate of soda, and other poisons, which cannot assimilate with the blood, is one great cause of the degenerate physical conditions, so prevalent. Mary — And we may add, deteriorated mental state ; and quite an important question is, Does the mind, injured and weakened by a disordered state of the earthly tenement, recover from this, by a separation therefrom ? Louisa — I should think not, reasoning on the ground, that the origin of this derangement is mental, and that development depends upon the same laws in future as in present existence. And we have reason to believe, that any habits, or desires, cultivated in this life, remain as strong when the spirit is severed from its material form. Thus we see the importance of strictly observing all the laws cri our being, physical, mental, moral and spiritual. ' Every sin, is an act of suicide.' In God alone is life. Sarah — W» believe that all the spiritual gifts of the Primitive Church, will be restored to God's people in the present day. Many of them we do receive, but why, if health is so necessary for the reception and enjoyment of the Gospel, doesn't the gift of healing have more place among us ? Catharine — We must remember that the dawn of only the second of the seven cycles of progress in the Church of the Millennium is opening upon us. W'e of the Gentile Church, do not yet hold that relation to the Jewish Church in the spirit world, by which the gift of healing can be administered; for as yet we are unable to receive the word, ' Go and sin no more.' Elvah—With these conclusions, we will unitedly determine to live righteously, in full comprehension of the word. We have been called before the blight of a worldly life had cast its impress on our spirits, and ere the sun of advancing years had wiped away the dews of youth, to a life in which we may find celestial birth to all the faculties of mind and soul; and let us improve this most precious opportunity. SHA.KEH .A-ND 4 An—i will. Catharine — Surely the lines have fallen to us in pleasant places. We are surrounded by a sphere of purity; overshadowed by the protecting wings of spirit guides; connected, socially and spiritually, with those whose lives comport with Christian principles, and whose influence is a continual impetus to our upward growth. In Zion there is a standard raised, by which we may know whether we are upon the rock of eternal truth, and are actuated by pure motives, with this motto clearly graven on the tablets of our hearts, ' Do right for the sake of right.' Louisa — This, I believe, is the only safe ground. While thus established, the storms of adversity may gather around, and the billows of affliction roll over us, but can never remove our foothold. Mary — We should bear in mind, that with all these advantages our own exertions must be combined. We are weaving the web of life ; every thought and action, add threads thereto; may these be sinless and spotless, blending in the soft shades of innocence and love ; for just as we are, the angels view us. Catharine — The presence of this truth in our hearts will be a safeguard to our motives, and cause us to appreciate more the time measured to us on earth. A deed cannot be undone; an unkind word cannot be recalled; a moment once lost, is ever lost! Eternity is long; but time is precious, because the gift of a wise and merciful Creator; a season in which we may prepare for the society of heavenborn souls ; an opportunity in which to sow the seeds, whose harvest shall yield to us eternal joy; or, if we so unwisely choose, with vision blinded to true happiness in present existence, and to our everlasting weal, we may use our earth-life as the nursery to inferior groveling desires, perverting the faculties of our souls and the forces of nature ; burying the germs of divinity deeply beneath their noxious soil, which will necessarily cause long years of deep sorrow, and intense struggling, before we can rise into the pure, solar light of heaven. Sarah — This sad picture shall never be the reflection of our lives. We will closely guard the avenues through which foreign, subtle powers would enter and possess our souls. Mary—How may these inroads of the mind, be securely defended? Martha — By giving conscience the throne in our hearts, yielding ready ascent to the sceptre she sways, that we may not form bad habits, especially in morals, for these, like little rills, small in their beginnings, swell in their onward course, and are frequently supplied by other tributaries, till that which a very little effort at first might have checked or turned into another channel, becomes a power uncontrollable. Bar all—It is wise to thus reflect; and encouraging, to know that fixed principles in virtue, open equally the flood-gates of the mind to divine influences, which illuminate the understanding, accelerate growth in angelic life, and give birth to holier, loftier aspirations. Louisa — It is evident that the spiritual quickens the mental, because, in the higher life, with Eternal Progress our watchword, nothing in our lives need conflict with, or impede, the inflowing of truth. The natural is ever the basis for the spiritual, and we find in the progress of the Gospel-work, that simple, unperverted science, and religion, abide together in peace. The purer our lives, the closer our relation will be, and the better mediums we become, to the impressions of spirits who possess the treasures of wisdom and knowledge hid in Christ. Mary — Jesus and Ann Lee were the first-born among many brethren and sisters in the new and spiritual creation ; they were, in the usual acceptation of the term, uneducated, yet their perceptions of divine truths were lucid ; and, through the gift of revelation, they were able to penetrate the depths of human loss, and establish a system, through which mankind might find deliverance and redemption therefrom. Wonderful indeed are the accomplishments in the scientific world. Astronomers bring the heavens near them, and describe, with accuracy, the course of tiny stars which spangle eternal space. The subtle electric fluid serves man in conveying his thoughts momentarily to almost any part of the civilized world. Geologists read the age and history of the earth, from the pebbles on the seashore ; and tell of her mighty upheavals and convulsions, from the silent rocks, which lay imbedded in her bosom. Many other achievements, equally remarkable and usef ul, might be mentioned ; but none that could begin to compare, in importance and blessing to the human race, with the revealments of heavenly truth, of which the unlettered, but spirtually-taught, Jesus and Ann were mediums. Martha — It is right for us to cultivate our intellectual faculties well; for the mind is the garden of the soul. But we should never permit them to supplant the spiritual, which are higher, and should control our whole being. Catharine — The civilized world at present holds forth great advantages, for intellectual attainments, and the acquirement of extensive scientific knowledge; but (generally speaking) how destitute of the true moral and religious element is the human race to-day ; and why? Because of the strong tendency to sensual indulgences. While the body is fed and reared on various mixtures and compounds, pleasing to the taste (which are not only injurious, but result in premature death), the mind also demands and creates a literature and theology corresponding; with which society is filled, and we witness the result. Restless, pleasure-seeking (but not pleasure finding), demoralizing, soul-stultifying, conditions are produced ; showing that, as the body is diseased in itself and its appetites, so is the mind, of which we have been speaking. Of the fashions in dress, and other foolish and sinful customs, we need say but little ; they speak for themselves. Sarah— 0 the contrast 1 I exclaim, as I compare the conditions of those to whom you have just alluded, with the privileges we enjoy. While they walk the broad road of se(f-indulgence and self-destruction, which leads down to the depths of misery and woe, every step of which they must retrace through suffering ; we are living for eternity, treading the narrow path of self-denial, which is strewn with pearls of wisdom, and gems of truth, and leads ever upward to the realms of purity and light; — to the Source of immortal wealth ! Elvah — No system, nor society, affords such opportunities for spirtual development as a Shaker community ; and certainly nothing is so desirable or necessary as soul culture. Therefore let us consecrate our lives anew to God, and make a covenant with Him, by the willing sacrifice of all that would intercept our communion with the inmates of celestial spheres. Let our aspirations reach upward, that we may quaff freely from the living fountains of inspiration, which gush forth from their eternal Source of truth. And to these, our loved and faithful Parents, and to all, to whom we are indebted for the blessings we share, may the blossoms of our spring time, be a prophecy of fruit perfected in a life wrought in Christ. Louisa — This shall be our aim. N. B. The above Conversation originated exclusively with, and was spoken (not read) by, the young Sisters whose names are thereto affixed.