BELOVED FRIENDS Three years have pass'd since last I met With you upon this hallow'd ground, And, while there's much that I regret, My heart with gratitude abounds, That I am favor'd still to be Number'd among the good and true, Who live for God and purity, And Wisdom's holy way pursue. And as I look around with joy, Upon this smiling happy band, Whose time and talents they employ, With consecrated heart and hand, I miss the dear and much-loved forms, Who often with us gather'd here, Their voices tuned to heavenly songs, Our souls to bless, our hearts to cheer. But I would not of this complain, Or even wish it were not thus; Nor selfishly call back again Those who have mingled dust to dust. And others have obey'd the call, To go to new and distant fields, Where they, by sacrifice and toil, May help move on Progression's wheels. Such souls are worthy of all praise, And will be bless'd from spheres above ; To God my aspirations rise, To crown them with his grace and love. And some with quiet gentle mien, Whose looks bespeak a joining true, I never here before have seen, Most gladly do I meet with you. I know that Mother loves and folds The tender lambs beneath her care; That Father in affection holds All those who live for work and prayer. For, in this day, when sin abounds, And passion seems to rule the hour, How few do seek Mount Zion's ground To learn her laws, and feel their power. All such are welcome to the feast Our loving Parents have prepared ; Naught they withhold unto the least, But every one their goodness share. That ' God is Love ' no one can doubt, Assembled in this grove to-day: That we 're encircled all about With love, it does indeed portray. The ground arranged with taste, so neat, The canopy above our heads, Our ample board, full and complete, By loving hands prepared and spread. The reading and the speaking too, Like ' golden apples ' on us fall: Appropriate subjects, choice and new, And interesting to us all. The poetry and music, both In harmonious cadence blend, Lifting our souls above the earth, To angel spheres we can ascend. But best of all —(delightful thought) Our Gospel Parents with us meet — With love and blessing richly fraught; This fills our hearts with joy replete. Receive my love, my thanks sincere, For my, blest privilege here to-day; With you I'll toil and persevere, Till life's few sands shall wear away. And then on Upper Canaan's shore, The 'feast of tabernacles ' keep, With Gospel kindred gone before, And an eternal harvest reap. Rhoda R. Hollister