DISCUSSION BY FIVE YOUNG SISTERS OF CANAAN. Adelaide Sherman Ola Whitcomb Maria Shultz Elmina Hull Emeline Houseman Adelaide — I have been thinking, of late, upon the subject of keep ing Christmas, or the anniversary of the birth of Jesus ; — what propriety there ia in celebrating the birth of Jesus,— any more than that of many other Believers in the Gospel which he preached, and who practically follow Him, and are doing so much for the salvation of the race. Maria—The custom of keeping Christmas originated in the early daya of the Catholic Church, and has been handed down through successive generations to the present day. Ola — Jesus was a Benefactor of the race. But why not celebrate the birth-days of all the noble men and women who have toiled for humanity 1 Elmina — If we should do that, we should have to keep all the days of our lives. Ola — Well, you have touched the right point now; that is j ust what we are called to do ; i. e., to keep every day of our lives to the honor and glory of God, and in honor of all good men and women who have lived in obedience to their highest convictions of truth and right. Maria — To me, Christmas is one of the most precious seasons of the year; ever full of sacred ministrations of spiritual joy. It is not held by Believers, as I understand it, with particular reference to the natural birth of Jesus; but, in commemoration of the first, and indeed of the second advent also, of the Christ Spirit on earth. Adelaide — Very true. The mission of Mother Ann is a theme for thought and contemplation, and of commemoration, as much as that of Jesus. The Gospel was preached and planted in America, in the time of the Revolution ; and, without doubt, Washington, and other men at that time, were providentially raised up to prepare the way for the preaching of the testimony of Believers, by establishing liberty of conscience under a free government; and, how much they benefited the country! Emeline — Washington, and those to whom you refer, were warriors. How could the country really be benefited by war ? Maria — No country was ever made better by war! War is terrible ! God is not in it. A description of one battle fills the mind with horror; and makes us wonder how the workers for good could resort to such savage measures for the attainment of their laudable objects! Ola — War, in principle, is wrong.' I do not think that Washington was a blood-thirsty man, — like many ambitious warriors; but he determined that America should be a land of freedom ; and he saw no other means by which to accomplish his purpose, than war. And, while we honor him for his undaunted courage, his noble intention, and love of country, we never fail to wish, that his victories had been won by more humane means. Emeline — The cause of the Eevolution, which ended in the establishment of the Eepublic, lay in the jealous tyranny and oppression of the British Government. Was not that war justifiable, or a necessary evil ? Elmina — It is beyond my capacity to decide whether it was,_ or was not, a necessary evil ; but as I think of the cruelty and suffering it brought, I know it was an evil, even if good resulted from it. Maria — We read in history that ' the rulers of the ' old world' were the rich and great; and that the rod of empire was swayed by no gentle hand; that the cries of the down-trodden and oppressed arose faintly through the gloom which surrounded them; yet they entered the ear of the Most High, and He, in His own good time, formed a plan for the civil and religious emancipation of the world.' Emeline — Do you think it would have been possible for God to have carried out his designs without the aid of war ? Adelaide— Certainly. If the two nations had gathered the Christlike spirit of ' peace on earth and good will to men,' in proportion to their profession of Christianity, the work would have been accomplished easily. Elmina — If we neglect to be thankful for the securities which shield and protect us from the olden religious persecution, in which even children suffered martyrdom, we shall prove ourselves unworthy of our privilege. Ola — Then, let us all unite in heart and hand, now in the morning of our life, to consecrate ourselves anew to the Gospel work, that, as we increase in years, we may also grow in truth, and in the knowledge of those things that will cause us to become substantial women of God, true and upright in all things.