VISION Gospel Friends: I recall, to mind many pleasant seasons enjoyed with you at our Annual Social Gathering, and have always looked forward with pleasurable anticipations for the recurrence thereof. It is with regret, at the present time, that I realize that my health will not admit of my attendance at a feast always fraught with blessings for soul and body. Yet will I participate with you in spirit, and gather strength from the living faith and goodness that shall be manifest in your midst. And here please allow me to add a brief communication received on the evening of the fifth of August, from a departed sister, as real to me as though a mortal was conversing with me. We had just retired from a spiritual meeting, satiated with the good things of the Spirit; refreshing, soul-cheering, and invigorating were the influences that descended upon us from the angel spheres. We felt the breezes of heavenly life, and were moved as leaves in the wind, or as ' willows by the water courses ; ' there were ' divers operations, but all of the same Holy Spirit.' One of the sisters ministered the power, under the divine influence, and said that she heard the winds of heaven moving the forests of the spirit land. The meeting room was immediately filled with a heavenly power, and all felt that we were indeed blessed. The same magnetism permeated the whole dwelling. Eldress Antoinette remarked after meeting: 'I never realized such a spiritual atmosphere as fills our house to-night; ' and she continued, ' Sisters, you must rest in it.' After retiring, I relapsed into a state of mental composure, but was not asleep, when I sensibly felt the presence, and saw the spirit of Sister Miranda Barber. She addressed me thus: ' I have come with a message from Mother Ann,' the substance of which was as follows: ' Brethren and sisters, the testimony of the Gospel (with which you are blest), will never be destroyed. Individuals may fail in fulfilling their call to this work, and Zion's numbers be even less than now; but the faithful remnant will be more powerful for good than all the kingdoms of the earth. Those who endure in the contest for the maintenance of righteousness and truth, will have a mighty struggle ; tribulation and suffering of soul awaits them ; yet God will hold them as in the hollow of His hand, guarded and protected ; and they will shine brighter than the stars in the firmament, and be as magnets to draw truth-loving, sin-sick souls home to God. 'I would say to Elder Frederick, Eldress Antoinette, and their co-laborers, toil on, with renewed strength and courage, feeling that God's blessing attends your consecrated labors in the cause of truth ; your unselfish devotion to the good of humanity, will yet be crowned with the fullness of joy, and the fruition of hope. Those who have advanced in redemption's work in the spirit world, bless and strengthen you; for you are a blessing in Zion; and we are bound to support all such. And, brethren and sisters (true and faithful in duty), you are called upon to aid and sustain them ; hold up their hands when weary; help them in their cares and burdens, for they are anointed of God, His chosen witnesses, vigilant watchmen, standing on the walls of Mount Zion, speaking the word of the Lord, administering the testimony of Christ's Second Appearing, which is the truth unto life eternal to those who receive it.' Here the message ended, the spirit spoke a few kindly words, and I was aroused to consciousness, and found myself among terrestrial things; but not without a full impression of the vision on my mind. ' It tarried ' with me, and I have written it, hoping it may be accepted as my offering for our precious feast; with it, asking a place in the remembrance of Gospel friends. Rhoda Offord