My Dear Gospel Friends : I HAVE come here to-day, with the expectation of taking much comfort, and solid satisfaction, in a legitimate way ; and, while desirous of receiving all the good compatible with my profession as a Believer, I also wish to contribute to the comfort of all who have come to spend this day for like purposes. But I shall not attempt to go beyond my depth ; for I know it is dangerous for an individual, who is not a swimmer, to go into deep water; hence, I shall confine myself within my sphere, or limit. I purpose saying a few words on Friendship. Many essays have been written on this good and grand theme, that have done great good in the world of mind, and still the subject is far from being exhausted. Can we buy true friendship with gold, or silver, or by flattery ? Nay, those are not the agencies by which we obtain so desirable a treasure. True friendship comes from mutual sacrifices ; for the law of compensation is as immutable and eternal as God Himself We cannot think, feel, or act justly and righteously, without its redounding to our good; neither can we do the contrary, but we feel the result of law transgressed. When we sow wheat, do we not expect wheat in return ? Obviously, wheat is the legitimate product. And if we sow the seed of virtue, then we shall have peace and happiness as our reward; for, as surely as the day follows the night, and winter succeeds the summer, so shall we all reap what we sow. As virtue cannot be bought with gold, so neither can true and lasting Friendship ! It is not a marketable commodity ; and we cannot procure it, without giving an equivalent in kind. Let us not forget to mete out to others just the kind of spirit that we wish to receive in return ; do good for the sake of the good, regardless of the smiles or frowns of others, and we shall in nowise lose our reward. Virtuous acts are SELF-approved. God and his Angels bless them, and good men and women rejoice in them. Some persons are so inherently selfish, that every thing must be made subservient to their low and morbid desires, otherwise they are in a state of unrest; they cannot see others in the enjoyment of any good, without envious feelings. Not so the TJNselfish soul. The large-hearted individual feels a degree of satisfaction in seeing others the recipients of good, that those who are sordidly selfish cannot feel. Then, with uplifted voice, my choral song this day shall be, Friendship and Fraternity ! All hail the great Brotherhood and Sisterhood developed here on the broad basis of Liberty, Justice, and Equality ! I was weary, and a place I sought, Where rest and friendship I could find ; Friendship from hallow'd deeds outwrought, That purifies and lifts the mind Above all selfish aims and thoughts. The gilded words of cant or praise May from a treacherous heart outflow ; But friendship true — a treasure rare — Is what I sought to feel and know, And wealth of consecration share. Many have tried to find this prize (With which to serve some selfish end) But found it not; nor could they rise Into the sphere where love divine Controls the innocent and wise. If ask'd, where I have found this gem, So beautiful, so pure and rare; I answer, 'Tis with ease obtain'd ; If we the cross of Christ will bear, True, lasting friendship we shall gain. Timothy Rayson