My Elders, Brethren and Sisters : I am happy to meet you here to-day. My heart is fall to overflowing with gratitude to God, for the many blessings, temporal and spiritual, showered upon us during the past year. I also feel grateful for the privilege I now have of celebrating with you the ' Harvest Home ;' a festival held in ancient times by the children of Israel, after they had gathered in the fruits of the land. They then rejoiced before the Lord ; and now that our harvest is gathered in, it is quite as appropriate and becoming for us to rejoice and be glad. For, notwithstanding the severe drouth we had, to us the season has been one of plenty, peace, and prosperity. The earth, like a good mother, has yielded a, bountiful supply of food for her children ; the result to us is a large ingathering to our barns and store-houses ; and we will be thankful. There is probably not a family in the land more abundantly blessed than ours with the various kinds of fruit, such as strawberries, cherries, raspberries and currants. Our tables have been so bountifully supplied therewith, that they almost ceased to be a luxury. Our grape vines look promising, and bid. fair for a great yield. The pear trees, many of them, are heavily laden with fruit; and the apple trees will yield us a fair supply. Our kitchen garden, under the good management of Brother Daniel, is doing its full share in supplying the various kinds of vegetables. Nor is the dairy behind in furnishing its share. That is directly under the good management of Sister Ann, who sends to the table, neatly prepared, some of the very best butter and cheese in the State of New York. And, while we have thus been living so richly upon physical food, and enjoying the good things of this life, our Elders have not been unmindful of the wants of the soul. Like faithful watchmen standing on the walls of Zion, they have, from time to time, delivered their messages of love and inspiration ; so that our souls have been fed and strengthened with spiritual and heavenly food, and we go on our way rejoicing. Brethren and Sisters, in view of all these various and abundant temporal and spiritual blessings, so bountifully bestowed, let us cultivate a spirit of gratitude to God, the beneficent Giver thereof, and always be willing to yield cheerful obedience to the instruction in righteousness ministered to us by our kind Elders. Then shall we grow more and more in the knowledge and love of God. Truth and love combined are mighty in power, and they can and will redeem the world. James Leggitt