THE HIGHER LIFE O mortal man, from low estate of earth ! Thou sentient being! bound, yet made so free ! Had'st them the lofty thought, e'en from thy birth, That God Himself forms no small part of thee, Then wouldst thou rise from grosser forms of life, And seek thy inner being to expand ; For the immortal wealth would be thy strife, To sow and reap for the celestial land. The higher life is not a myth, or chimera, evolved from erratic minds, without reasonable evidence of reality ; although it may seem so to those whose thoughts never ascend above gross materiality; whose mental and spiritual perceptions are on a level with sensual appetites, and earthly desires; who, in their daily living, actualize this ancient maxim, ' Let us eat, drink, and be merry, for to-morrow we die ;' realizing nothing beyond momentary pleasures, and those things surrounding the earth-sphere, tangible and perceptible to the outward senses. Man is a two-fold being, having a spiritual and interior, as well as a physical and exterior, existence. His finer and more etherealized nature finds but little outgrowth and expanse, while he is incorporated in flesh, save under the law of progressive development. ' First that which is natural, afterward that which is spiritual,' remarked the spiritually-enlightened Paul; clearly intimating an ascension from the inferior to the superior. This was the design of the All-wise Creator from the beginning, that intelligent beings should occupy a higher plane than that of mere procreation. While so large a proportion of the human family set aside the claims of the higher life as mystical dreaming of what is not, a few are awakened to its substantial realities ; considering it that for which every thing else was made; and that the things of this world are secondary in importance, and should be subservient to the things of the Spirit, which are eternal. Progressed souls of all ages demonstrated this in their lives, through self-denial of the animal propensities, and an absolute recision from works of generation. Saints sacrificed their earthly forms in devotion to it. Gifted Seers in beatific vision, beheld with ecstatic joy the consummation of soul travel in the regeneration. Inspired bards extolled in song the state of those who had risen from earth. Prophets, by revelation, declared the excellency of the way of truth and virtue, proclaiming blessing to those who walked in light everlasting. For said one, ' I have heard from the uttermost parts of the earth,' Glory to the righteous.' ' Philosophers by rigid asceticism denounced the voluptuousness of their time, as bemeaning the real man, and gave to the world a moral tone, that rings out rich and full in the gradation of God's harmonious scale of being; thrilling the ears of many, and touching the hearts of a few with vitalizing power. ' They who elevate their souls above the material world, by the practice of virtue, and the contemplation of spiritual things, are enabled to pierce through the outward letter (or form), into the interior idea ' (or inner life). Thus wrote Philo, an eminent teacher of ethics. Man, as a mere natural creature, but meagerly exemplifies God's crowning point of creation; not better than the beasts that perish. ' Being made a little lower than the angels,' implies a diviner type of His glorious workmanship, and reveals the innate powers of immortality, though wrapt in form of clay. Gross living buries the beautiful and eternal beneath the clods of earthliness, and dims the light of the interior vision. Here is where humanity lies ; enveloped in matter, they revel in sensuous pleasure, and plunge into the vortex of worldliness, still feeling the aching void they seek to fill. Soul-needs can never be met, nor spirit-longings satisfied, in the whirl of excitement created by unsubdued passions. For, ' She who liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth,' dead to the nobler, better life, the germ of which is latent in every soul. ' Know then tl s truth, enough for man to know, Virtue alone is happiness below, The only point where human bliss stands still, And tastes the good unmingled with the ill.' Observation teaches us that external circumstances have somewhat to do with germinal unfoldment. A plant raised in a dark, damp cellar, will be colorless, distorted, and feeble, and consequently devoid of pleasing beauty. Place the same in friable soil, exposed to the genial sunshine, let it drink in the crystal dew drops and penetrating showers, and all the hidden forces eombine with the elements for expansion in glory and perfection, to complete the design for which it was made. So the spirit, possessed of beautiful germs, early reared in the dark, foul haunts of vice, surrounded by naught but that which prompts the action of the lower nature, will bear the blight of sin with but little apparent trace of redeeming goodness. Like the fabled pebble, whose adamantine nature, riveted to earth, yielded not to any higher influences. So, preferring their low condition, they cannot be lifted up. Such, ingrafted on the tree of heavenly life too soon, produce no spiritual fruit, and seem entirely out of their element. Yet there are exceptions in those who, unfortunate in their creation, seem wholly buried in the basilar region of the brain with a lowtoned mental and spiritual organism. Contrariwise on that same spirit would be the action of divine precept and example ; turning the current of life, and the strength of growth, in the realm of the lovely and true. The sins of the fathers and mothers are indeed visited upon the children unto the third and fourth generation, in this our day. And what is the result ? Physical, mental and moral degeneration and degradation. That which is lacking in the real and true, is made up in the artificial; and society at large is 'a sham, a mockery of life. Unmask it in the light of truth. Take from it ' The lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye, and the pride of life,' and what is remaining ? A mere skeleton of what should be a divinely-rounded form, beautiful in the proportions of goodness, and robed in the habiliments of angelic loveliness. ' Vanity of vanities' is human life, when it is not based on the religious principle, inherent in, and God-given to, the immortal soul. Unless that is awakened and quickened, and becomes the motive power of action, there can be no security for happiness here, nor permanency of hope for future bliss; nor will the spirit taste the sweets of existence in its perfected sphere of reality. Jesus of Nazareth beautifully exemplified the higher life ; not in the many mighty works he did, to convince the people of the supernatural ; not in the physical manifestations wrought through him as a medium of spirit power; in which he stood not alone, nor unequaled; many had preceded and others succeeded him. But, in the glory of self-denial, his character, nobly perfected in truth, gleams with the radiance of the constellated heavens. The Christ baptism harvested him from the field of nature—generation — and lifted him up to the resurrection sphere. Hence, taught of the Holy Spirit, he enunciated truths that shall judge every soul with the exactness of righteousness ; and make a separation between flesh and spirit, truth and error, right and wrong. For there is no amalgamation in the Christ testimony; many truth-loving souls have proved it a ' savor of life unto life,' and rejoice in its purifying action upon their spirits ; and, standing on Mount Zion, inhabitants of the eternal city of Truth, holding sacred forever their vow of virginity, they are indeed the children of the resurrection, who, through obedience to the Christ baptism, are becoming ' as the angels in heaven.' And as they are here, so shall they be hereafter; rising from star to star — from glory to glory — in the progressive cycles of the circling sphere. Martha J. Anderson