SELF-DISCIPLINE By H. Bullard Conversion of heart, to my mind, is the correction of one's life; and this is the result of conviction of one's sins — a conviction deep and heartfelt. Were there more of this con- viction in the Churches and in the schools; if, in every family, each individual were en- joined to carry into life, moral principles and religious truths, would not society be more benefited, than in all or any belief in preaching, that alludes to some righteous being, but requires no righteousness in our own lives ? In my Shaker home, in which I have en- joyed peace and plenty for more than thirty years, purit}r and righteousness are enjoined; while good works are the rule and not the exception required of the members; and these are taught as requisite to a Christian character, in a Christian community. The early training of the child is quickly apparent in the human character. The physical constitution of the child is the foundation of the physical man or woman. Proper food, cleanliness, and a good, moral training for the correction and direction of the child, creating activity in virtuous ways, greatly add to its future character and happiness. Discipline should not be outgrown with childhood; but, as the primary branches of education are to the collegiate course, so should be the discipline of the child to the adult in riper years. Self-government should be more severe than was the paternal; the moral and spiritual faculties should rule the animal passions; thus proving that individual improvement is the basis of general reform. 'He that ruleth his spirit is greater than he who taketh a city; ' and those who are able to bring every thought, word and action into submission to the law of Christ, stand forth noble specimens of humanity, a praise in the earth. From childhood to mature age, life should be a continuous unfolding of better existence, of superior principles, ' progressing from faith unto faith;' as one position is gained, we should be prepared for another and advanced movement. A progress is called for from Christian professors, from the plane of Adam and Moses, up to the life of Christ. The discipline will consist of thoroughly dropping the generative practices of humanity, and adopting the life of the heavens — heaven on earth. Passion subdued, peace ensues; the earthly or natural exercise of the passions abandoned, the spiritual or heavenly element is given the full control. This is a work all must per- form for themselves; this is self-discipline for an eternal existence. Said Jesus : ' I indeed lay down my life of myself, no man taketh it from me.' This was his discipline, self-discipline, and of him, as our exemplar, let us ' learn ; for he was meek and lowly in heart ' — disciplined for the heavenly life.