CELIBACY By Daniel Frazer ' What are the effects of abstinence from exercising the generative functions ? ' Freedom from all diseases of those functions. ' What does your eighty years' experience contribute to physiological science ? ' It contributes the above important fact. '' What forms of disorder arise from such abstinence ? ' No specific form of disease is incident to a virgin life — the life we live. We enjoy better health than do those outside our body. '' How does it affect length of days ? ' Favorably. The writer is seventy years of age; was thirty when he came here, and indorses the above answers in all their details. To philosophers and physiologists we say, form your theories according to the above facts, and we will abide the result. We assume that man is in possession of and manifests a two-fold life. The lower, represented by the baser propensities ; the higher, by the attributes of goodness, truth, mercy, and all aspirations God-ward. In view of this assumption, the above questions may be summed up by one inquiry : ' Can men and women live, in the exercise of the higher, divine life, to the exclusion of the exercise of the generative functions ? ' We take the affirmative of this question, and it is for philosophers, medical men and others, to show — give evidence — that the position we have taken is untenable; when they do, we will meet them with an experience of nearly a hundred years. And this experience is barely a drop to the bucket of the experience of past ages. In Thibet, celibate institutions have flour- ished for thousands of years. The Brahmans and Ascetics of India can speak of their ex- perience also. To-day, China and Japan have their celibate orders. There, existence in these stereotyped civilizations is an inverted prophecy — that celibacy has existed in these countries for untold ages. The Therapeutae of Egypt present their experience. The Essenes of Judea had their celibate communities. The order of the Vestal Priestesses in ancient Rome lasted about one thousand years; and the monastic orders of Europe, down to the present day, about two thousand years. And, strange to say, before Columbus touched these shores, Mexico and Peru had each their own civilization, and celibacy was found in them both. From every quarter of the globe we have concurring evidence that, whenever man has made any progress beyond being a mere animal, the law of the higher life has broken forth from celibate institutions. First in history, and foremost in the field, is Asia; next is Africa Europe responds for more than two thousands of years in similar manifestations. Ancient America adds her quota of experience to the practicability of a virgin life. And lastly, the Shakers of modern America, in the sunlight of physiological law, and in all the well-understood relationships of social life, add their testimony to that of past ages, that a celibate life is not only practicable, but favorable to health and longevity. And it is a condition necessary to their wants— an essential preliminary to their happiness— the manifestation of the divine element in their spirits. Because of this life was Christ manifested in Jesus, to gather all into one fold, who progress above and beyond the procreative law. The idea that a virgin life is a contravention of the Creator's plan, seems to me to be one-sided, and certainly is a low estimate of man's ultimate destiny ; and is not sustained by man's nature, nor by the analogy of other created things. Human beings are as really subject to be reaped, as is the grain they sow. On this subject Jesus said: 'Cannot ye discern the signs of the times ? the harvest is the end of the world ; the angels are the reapers, and ye are they on whom the ends of the world have come ' — the ends of the generative life. In harvesting grain, the reapers gather the elements of their own bodies. So, in the harvest of the world, the angels gather those in whom the elements of angelic life are quickened. These, when gathered, will manifest the Divine civilization, in which are neither war nor want. 'Their bread and water shall be blest, and sickness taken from their midst.' The Shakers, as a people, are in the full realization of the former, and to the latter, freedom from disease, we are surely and steadily approaching. We take a prac- tical view (as did Jesus), that all are not prepared, as yet, for this life. But we think that humanity needs our example, to which, if they do not attain, they may approximate. From the wide-spread action of Spiritualism we anticipate greater results; its mission thus far has been to disintegrate old organizations and ideas ; all their attempts to organize, heretofore, have made bad worse. 'When its present phase is accomplished, we trust, as a wave of spiritual light has reached rudimental humanity, that it may be succeeded by a wave of light and warmth combined, necessarily convicting and organizing in its results. If the Spiritualists organize a higher, civilization on the generative plane, and, if the more advanced portion realize a higher ideal than we present, we shall be most happy. Outside of our Order there is a growing desire for a permanent amelioration of human conditions. Governments, which rule by brute force, as do lions, are not acceptable. The diseases that afflict humanity, especially those referable to the generative functions, are appalling. In the midst of plenty, and in the possession of the most productive agencies the world ever beheld, it is supposed that nearly twenty millions of persons in the British empire alone, have, during the present century, perished from lack of food. The power to possess wealth and to increase See eighth page.