HENRY VINCENT ON THE SHAKERS * * * 'I contented myself with the results I saw before me, and thought them sufficiently remarkable to command the respectful and thoughtful attention of the Church and the world. 'I saw a community of men and women of all ages living a pure celibate life, under the same roof, full of sweetness, love, and gentleness — a happy family of brothers and sisters. I knew that many of them had been married men and women before they were led, by a religious principle and motive, to 'crucify all worldly lusts,' and enter into what they regard as the millennial state. I know that this life had been lived by monks and nuns, who were excluded from each other with a prison-like rigor, under lock and key, and bolts and bars; but here I saw a spiritual family — the once husband and wife entering upon a new life in the daily presence of each other — and that this chaste community had tested this life of purity for seventy years, without any cloud arising to dim the lustre of its chastity. ' Of course we all exclaim, ' How can these things be ? ' And the profligate and the base raise the yell of laughter; but the Shakers' modestly reply, 'Not unto us, but unto God be all the glory.' The world laughs again, and slanders; but the answer is the fact of this life, which this people lay open to the gaze of all the world. I saw, moreover, a people who will not hold private property -—¦ a people who rest securely and in perfect harmony and prosperity, upon a community of goods. The dream of Utopia is here realized. They work hard ; they enjoy the fruits of their industry; they live simply and frugally. For ten years they have ceased to eat swine, or to drink alcoholic drinks, except under medical advice. ' I saw that this community of goods sprung from a deeper motive than a social or economical truth. Indeed, in one of their publications I found this paragraph: ' They could not understand how so-called Christians (brethren and sisters) could be members of the same religious body or Church, and be divided into rich and poor in the things of this temporary world, but who are vainly expecting that in the world to come they will all be willing to have eternal things in common.' Thus their communistic idea springs from a religious motive, and such a fact is worthy the contemplation of thoughtful men. ' I inquired into the internal working of the Community, as to how disputes or misunderstandings were settled, if they unfortu- nately arose. I was told that here again they adopted the Christian plan, speaking to the brother or sister alone, and, if that failed, ' tell it unto the Church;' and that so far all had moved on with harmony, and no serious difficulties had disturbed them. Another thing I have also seen in relation to the Shakers : Every one in America with whom I have spoken speaks highly of their moral character, of their truthfulness, of their honesty in their dealings with their fellow men. All bear this testimony, with the exception of those degraded people who believe there 8HAKEE .A.ISTD 6 8HAKEEE8S. are no such things as virtue and truth on the earth. ' Surely the success of this community must have a cause. What is that cause ? I do not pretend to ansAver the question. But it is a question worthy of an answer. Many similar experiments have totally failed. Why has this succeeded? Within the past forty years, the Owenite experiments in England and America have failed; but ShaJcerism is a living and triumphant fact. Let me urge upon divines and scholars, in their rambles through America, to visit the Shaker Community at Mount Lebanon, and if they are disposed to inquire, ' How can these things be ? ' my answer is, ' Come and see.' '