THE CHURCHES OF OUR LAND By Cecelia Devyr Loud ring their bells, and loud their organ tones Pour the grand anthems that by art were given. Wealth, learning, eloquence, their proud dominion hold: But what of God, of Life, of Love, of Heaven? A seeming fitness blends all outward thingsConcordant sounds and softly mellowed light; We almost list the rush of angel's wings, And watch for saints in radiant robes of white. Can heap'd-up shams the Infinite allure ; Or flatt'ry charm the all-embracing mind ? Can systems that oppress and spurn the poor Be brought to God, and His acceptance find ? Is He deceived by fashion, pomp, and show ? Can grandeur hide disease, deceit and sin ? May every wickedness the heart can know Come to these temples and gain entrance in ? If stern, misguided hearts go forth no more, The Martyr's unrelenting fire to light; If ruthless persecutions cease to pour Their venom'd darts with wild inhuman might. Does there abound that precious gift of God— Faith in the good that is, and that which yet may be? Is Christ-like charity their basis broad? And is tht-'r focus — Truth — unmarr'd and free? When youthful manhood, full of noble zeal, An offering makes of his unfolding life, Is there an inspiration he can feel. To meet his ardor and award his strife? And does the soul of woman bear no fruit, Nor spread its branches like the olive tree ? Beneath the ban that bade her to be mute Must her expanding powers forever be? Alas ! alas! the altar's fire is dead ; God's Spirit meets the soul no longer there: But canting mockery gives stones for bread, And scorpion answers to the cry for care. Our prayer ascends, O be it thus no more; Come, sweet refreshing from the Source Divine, And spread true Brotherhood 'the wide world o'er,' Which poet-prophets saw in 'auld lang syne.' Let Truth reveal to science Nature's laws, Let faith not die 'mid superstitions dim ; For truth and science both shall seek the Cause, That gave all souls one universal hymn. Write God, write Goodness, on the nation's heart, Not with a legal pen by man's decree ; But let iniquity the land depart, And make the young Republic pure and free.