THE ANGEL OF LIFE By Elder H. L. Eades It is certainly true, that the angel life is one of innocence and freedom from sin. But, as ' all have sinned and come short of the glory of God,' the possibility of a sinless state, in this life, is questioned, doubted, disbelieved, by the world, professor and profane; they say, ' the child must make crooked marks before it can make straight lines;' 'the girl must thrum discords, before she can produce harmonies,' etc. This is true; but, if the child always makes the straightest lines possible, it is all the time doing right; hence, sinless. The same with the music. But, should the child wilfully make crooked lines, which is not a necessity, this would be sin, but it does not follow therefrom, that straight lines and har- monies are an after impossibility. The first difficulty says Cardaillac is this : ' The first part of our life is fled before we have the capacity of reflection and observation ; while the impressions which we receive from earliest infancy, are from material objects. The wants of our animal nature, and the prior development of the external senses, all con- tribute to concentrate, even from the first breath of life, our attention to the world with- out. ' The second, passes without our caring to observe ourselves. The outer life is too agreeable to allow the soul to tear itself from its gratifications., and return frequently upon itself. At the period when the material world has at length palled upon the senses (which it invariably does at some period of life), when the taste and desire of reflection gradually become predominant, we find ourselves, in a certain sense, already made up, and it is impossible for us to resume our life from its commencement, and to discover how we have become what we now are.' ' Hitherto,' says Ancillon, ' external objects have exclusively riveted our attention (not necessarily so), but let us recoil upon ourselves ; the scene changes, the charm is gone, difficulties accumulate, in a word, every thing within repels, every thing without attracts, and thus it is our life runs like water through our fingers—carried along, lost; whelmed in our life, and the reflective Ego which distinguishes self from its transitory modifications is never developed in the majority of mankind at all.' Now it seems that the possibility of obviating the foregoing difficulties to the angel life had not occurred to these philosophers. ' I thank thee, 0 Father, Lord of heaven and earth, thatthou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes.' How much superior was the exalted and inspired wisdom of Mother Ann, who fairly cut this gordian knot by her teaching that all children should be taught to turn their thoughts within, on spiritual things, by the time they were four years old, and thus grow in favor of God as well as men, and retain their angelhood, that when the second stage spoken of should arrive, they would have a balance wheel to steady their action, thus entering into greater harmonies instead of beginning at this late day to thrum discords. All who have neglected her advice have wofully witnessed the truths enunciated by these philosophers, and can fully sympathize with the feelings of a conscientious world's schoolmaster who writes as follows: ' There is considerable enjoyment in teaching these boys. But oh ! what a bitter grief it is to watch the gradual course of their corruption. Nothing seems to drive the angel out of them so fast as sexual vulgarity. There are boys here who were really cherubic when I first came among them. With what yearning tenderness I used to lean over them. They also have eaten of the tree of knowledge of good and evil — have become as gods — have discovered their nakedness, and so have begun to adjust the fig leaves.' . At this stage we must admit the difficulties to be great, though not absolutely insurmountable. The spiritual neglected; the cerebrum put to bed and sound asleep. The cry comes up ' Is there no balm in Gilead ? Is there no physician there ?' A skillful one is now in demand, and if the spirti brain cannot be roused into action, the case is, at present, hopeless. We must see the poor victims, one after another, prostrate before the god of this world, and lead for a season a life of sin, until the third stage spoken of arrives and reflection and reason return, when, if they have suffered enough, they may now take the Father's advice, and begin to become as little children, and by confessing, repenting of, and forsaking all sin, may yet be one of that innumerable number which was seen, besides the 144,000 virgins who followed the Lamb, etc. But the danger is, that the mass of them will be swallowed up in some of the popular sects of whom a certain writer says: ' The popular religions north and south are but devilish counterfeits of Christianity ; they have ceased to be the light of the world. Instead of being a terror to evil doers, they have become their safest hiding places,' etc. Hence, knowing and confessing themselves to be sinners, priests and people, they resort to a vicarious atonement, of which, Gregg, in his u Creed of Christendom,' thus pertinently discourseth: ' Sin contains its own retribution and pen- alty, as surely as the acorn contains the oak. Its consequence is its punishment. It needs no other, and can have no heavier. Its conse2 SHAKERES8. 3 quence is involved in its commission, and cannot be separated from it. Punishment (let us fix this in our mind) is not the execution of a sentence, but the occurrence of an effect. It is ordained of God to follow guilt. This conviction, once settled in our understandings, will wonderfully clear up our views on the subject of pardon and redemption. Eedemption becomes then a regenerating process. We can be redeemed from the punishment of sin only by being redeemed from its commission. Neither can there be any such thing as vicarious atonement, which is a relic of heathen conceptions of an angered Deity, to be propitiated by offerings and sacrifices. Punishment, being the result of sin, cannot be borne by other than the sinner. It is for orthodox dialectics to explain how divine justice can be impugned by pardoning the guilty,and yet vindicatedbj punishing the innocent. The sin which has absorbed our soul may be repented of — may be turned from ; but in the case of a sin of which you have induced another to partake, you may repent of, you may, after agonizing struggles, regain the path of virtue, pour spirit may re-achieve its purity through much anguish, and after .many stripes; but the weaker one whom you led astray, whom you made sharer in your guilt, but whom you cannot make sharer in your repentance and amendment, whose downward course (the first step of which you taught), which you cannot check, you are compelled to witness. What forgiveness of sin can avail you there ? There is your perpetual, your inevitable punishment.' It must be admitted that the sin here commented on, is, above all others, the most heinious, probably the last to be forgiven, but even this must sometime in vast eternity have an end, else the appalling doctrine of endless hell torments would be true, which is revolting when we remember God is good as well as just. Our good parent, Father James Whittaker, took a lively sense of its enormity when he publicly remarked that it was a ' great consolation to him to know that no human beings could lift their eyes in hell and point to him as the cause of their misery,' and happy are all who can in truth say likewise. After all, friend Gregg to the contrary notwithstanding, there is such a thing as pardon. If thy brother trespass against thee, if he repent, forgive him, pardon him. So can a merciful God lift the sufferings from a soul that has repented and made all amends in his power. If he could not, then the attribute of mercy were unnecessary. ' Whosoever sins you (my successors), remit — pardon — they are remitted unto them.' Jno. 20, 23.