BEAUTIFUL EXTRACT The following extract from Frederick W. Robertson, expresses the laboring thoughts of my mind better than I could find words to do it with. The Bible and Inspiration are subjects of investigation fully in order at this present time. ' The Inspiration of the Bible is a large subject. I hold it to be inspired, not dictated. It is the Word of God — the words of man; as the former, perfect; as the latter, imperfect. God the Spirit, as the Sanctifier, does not produce absolute perfection of human character. God the Spirit, as an Inspirer, does not produce absolute perfection of human knowledge ; and for the same reason in both cases — the human element which is mixed up with the Divine element—else there could have been no progressive dispensations. Let us take the case, the history of the creation. I hold that a spiritual revelation from God must involve scientific incorrectness : it could not be from God unless it did. Suppose that the cosmogany had been given in terms which would satisfy our present scientific knowledge, or say rather, the terms of absolute scientific truth. It is plain that, in this case, the men of that day would have rejected its authority; they would have said ' Here is a man who tells us the earth goes round the sun, and the sky which we see to be a steroma fixed and not far up, is infinite space, with no firmament at all/ and so on. ' Can we trust one in matters unseen who is manifestly in error in things seen and level to the senses ? Can we accept his revelation about God's nature and man's duty, when he is wrong in things like these?' Thus, the faith of this and subsequent ages must have been purchased at the expense of the unbelief of all previous ages. I hold it, therefore, as a proof of the inspiration of the Bible, and divinely wise, to have given a spiritual revelation, i. e. a revelation concerning the truths of the soul, and its relation to God, in popular and incorrect language. Do not mistake that word incorrect; incorrect is one thing; false, another. It is scientifically incorrect to say that the sun rose this morning, but it is not false, because it conveys all that is required, for the nonce, to be known about the fact, time, etc. And if God were giving a revelation in this present day, He would give it in modern phraseology, and the men He inspired would talk of sunrise, sunset, etc. Men of science smile at the futile attempts to reconcile Moses and geology. I give up the attempt at once, and say, the inspiration of the Bible remains intact for all that — nay, it would not have been inspired, except on this condition of incorrectness. ' Neologianism is a large word, and embraces an almost endless variety of views ; but, to be candid, I look upon Bibliolatry with quite as much dislike as Arnold did — as pernicious, dangerous to true views of God and His revelation to the human race, and the cause of much bitter Protestant Popery, or claims to infallibility of interpretation, which nearly every party puts forth. I believe Bibliolatry to be as superstitious, as false, and almost as dangerous as Romanism.' I think quite so; they are mother and daughter.— Ed.