Outrage at the Watervliet Shakers Settlement The following letter, written by one of the sisters of the Watervliet Society of Shakers, to a sister at New Lebanon, describing the situation of affairs at the former place, will be read with interest: Shakers (Albany County), November, 1872. [From the Albany Express.] The Outrage at the Watervliet Shakers SettlementDear Eldress Antoinette: In a recent letter you sent to me, you thought it would be some time before you wrote again. We feel no claim on your precious time in that direction, yet we do beg your love and sympathy, in these trying times for soul and body. To be aroused from our beds by two extensive fires ir. one week's time, and then the insecurity which we constantly feel, has so unnerved us, that it is impossible to get a good night's rest, although the brethren keep a constant watch; and again, the burden and wear upon the strength of the brethren, with so much upon them, make our hearts ache. The barns and sheds for our oxen, cows, and young stock, with all that we had to keep them through the winter, gone, together with all the oats, which we had for the horses, was there stored for threshing. The oat crop has been a failure for several years past, and the brethren have had to buy. This season it was good; had enough to have carried through to another harvest. We can courageously endure privation, and labor hard, but, when night comes, it brings with it such a feeling of horror that we long for an eternal day. If we sleep, we are only frightened that we have been to sleep. When the bell strikes it is the knell of fear; and still feel that all that has been is unaccounted for. We know of no personal enmity, no rivalry in business, or any thing unusual on the part of Believers; but we do know that there is a very low state of morals at the present time; robberies are committed very frequently; men are seen masked; henroosts are robbed, and various places pillaged. This has been going on until it has grown into a regular organized band of desperadoes, who, seemingly, have no other object than to rob and secure money. On the morning of the fire at our place, two men were seen and sent away from the Church Family's office; two men were also met running toward the Second Family. On the evening of the fire, two men tried to get into the office at the Second Order, which leads us to think that the object of firing the barns was to draw the brethren away from those places, and leave them unprotected. We know no other way than to be faithful in duty, and fervent in prayer, looking to the higher powers for protection. Now, perhaps, your motherly spirit would like to know how we shall make out, as we depend so much upon the dairy for the sup- port and comfort of the family. I will tell you : As we have, late years, kept more milch cows through the winter, we have not laid down our winter supply of butter, as formerly ; therefore, under our present affliction, not being able to keep but a few cows, we have agreed to have one-third of our meals without butter, and to lengthen out our shortning for pies, to do with one-third less pie. As we have a good supply of apples and potatoes, we can live comfortably. Even a piece of bread and a cup of cold water would be a sumptuous meal, if we could only banish our fears for the future, and go to our rest in safety. Do not forget us in your prayers, nor withhold some of those strong spirits which encamp around about you, to come to us, to inspire us with strength and courage. We have no less thankfulness for the Gospel of salvation, and the privilege to be Believers, on account of our recent affliction, but will toil on to the end of life's journey. Yours, in affliction, Harriet