A NOVITIATE Dear Shaker.—Ever since I first saw you, I loved you, and ever will. Every time you have appeared to me you have awakened earnest thoughts in my mind, and sweet feelings in my heart. I have looked upon you as an expression of the condition and spirit of our people; the people among whom I am happy to be counted. You go out into the world to tell its children what we are, what we think, how we feel; and I am thankful to you for that. You try to let them see our character as a people; you try to make them understand our ideas about God and our duties to him, about life generally, and more especially about the beautiful relations we are called to hold to one another in our peculiar sphere; you try to have them appreciate our feelings of sympathy for our fellow-men, of pure and true love to one another, of deep reverence for our Divine Parentage, whose will, revealed to us through worthy mediums on earth, is the rule of our lives. Thus, always finding you engaged in this noble work of enlightening the minds of men, in regard to these things, do you wonder that your monthly visits to me have been seasons oi great pleasure ? And still there is one thing that I have felt, and that I would like to say, through you, to my young companions with whom I love to be united in every good work. The beautiful life that we are called into, inspires the mind continually with new thoughts and ideas. Not one step can be taken, not one word spoken, not even a feeling can enter the heart of a true Believer, without his faith taking hold of it, and judging whether it be for God or for self. This is a great work. To youthful minds whose powers and energies have not been wasted in a worldly life, and for its selfish relations, it shows every moment higher and better ends to aim at; such youthful minds it accepts as virgin soil to till — grounds that have been but too long neglected. I feel exceedingly interested in these labors to reclaim the realms of nature in the human heart to their Lord, and it gives me great joy and courage to know that there are so many who have turned their attention in this direction; that I have so many youngcompanions fervent in their feelings and earnest in their resolutions to carry on the work of God in their own souls, cost what it may. I have often felt the power of love and symputhy flowing from heart to heart among those who are being redeemed. By being a little more willing to express our thoughts and feelings, we might do one another some more good, stimulate one another to new exertions, to gain gifts that are worth possessing, gifts of heart and mind, the power to feel truly and deeply, to think soundly, and to express ourselves simply and acceptably. Being now near the beginning of a new year, I feel a de- sire to enter a covenant with my young brethren and sisters, to pay more attention to these things, to devote more time and labor to studying the laws of our Order, which are as important to us as are the laws of the natural order to those who adhere to it. And if ever we should be called upon to communicate the fruits of our labors to one another, we should be as willing to give as we are to receive, and we should find fully as much blessing in the former as we are finding in the latter. Emil Bretzner