MAN'S DUTY By Elder Abraham Perkins Man's duty consists simply in his being true to himself. With all the obligations he may be under to others, with all the cares, interest and regard to any living creature — to any earthly object coming under his observation, with all his indebtedness and responsi- bility to God and high heaven, if found unfaithful in any respect, then he is untrue to himself. That his cares and affections may become universal and unselfish, not circum- scribed and confined to himself, his family, or special friends, his interests should be as broad as the Universe, and should reach the heavens, that he may be able to bless G-od and His work, and thus find his relation with the Angels. Indeed, his cares and affections should extend down into the lower parts of the earth, to be able to meet his fellow-man in earthly conditions, and express a sympathy and love that would touch his soul. They should penetrate prisons of darkness where the ignorant, the vile and the lowest elements of humanity may be taken hold of; where minds may be enlightened, educated, developed, and so elevated that man can live in God. Thus he would be able to comprehend his requirements, and become qualified to co-operate with Him, thereby becoming a saviour, to aid in the regeneration of the human race. For, through man's agency, G-od has always worked to elevate human conditions, introduce reforms, reveal light, and open dispensations. And He has, by his Spirit, always prepared the way, by raising up individuals filled with knowledge, and baptized with power, sufficient to capacitate other souls to be equal to his requirements; to give progress in teaching, leading, protecting, and bringing mankind nearer to Him. Thus deputized, man becomes God's vicegerent upon earth, and opens the way for ' Saviours to come up on Mount Zion ' to judge the earth. ' Know ye not that ye shall judge even angels?' In all ages, from the days of God's everlasting covenant made with Abraham, to the giving of the Law, through Moses, and the delivering of Israel from captivity, through Deborah, to the preaching of repentance through John the Baptist, who opened the way for a still greater work — that of salvation from sin — through Jesus, who, by his anointing, became 'the Messiah, which is, being interpreted, the Christ; ' and still fur- ther down to the days of Ann Lee, the female Messiah, or Christ, whose testimony is before the world to-day a protecting, saving power unto those who accept and live it. Ye seekers after a redeeming Gospel, ye who would know its practical operations, examine critically the life and doctrines of the Churches of to-day; and, when you have found the body whose members are 'saviours,' as was Jesus, mark such Church as the Church of God, and there make your offerings. And let that Church which is not able to bear this investigation, no more name the name of Christ. And let the individual who is unable to endure this searching light of heaven, no more claim the appellation of Christian. Truth will prevail, despite the obloquy and revilings of man, and despite the dishonor brought upon the cause of Justice, of true 8HAKEE A-ISTD and undefiled religion, by weak and cowardly pretenders of the Christian faith. And though, for a season, truth be crushed, yet 'Zion will arise and shine,' and souls under its protection will alone triumph in glory.