SALUTATORY As Eighteen hundred and seventythree (1873) is to be our date for the next twelve months, we desire for you a joyful, Happy New Year. In accepting the chief editorship of our little paper, the burden is much lightened by the fact that I shall be supported by the experience of my ' well done' predecessor, Elder G. Albert Lomas, who has kindly consented to continue his contributions, and, also, to otherwise help in the publication and management of the Shaker and Shakeress. His partial withdrawal is due to the heavy and afflicting losses by incendiary fires in the beautiful village of Watervliet, where he resides. We would that those who have so ruthlessly inflicted these losses upon a quiet and peaceable people were possessed of a different spirit, and impelled by better motives. 'But the wicked will do wickedly,' and ' one sinner destroyeth much good.' As one agency in saving and redeeming ourselves and our race from these existing and latent evils, from the antagonisms and animosities, envyings and divisions of interest in the present so- cial system, we issue this, our Monthly. We can sincerely and understanding^ pray for those who seek our destruction, as we also labor and pray for ' the peace of the city ' and nation where our lot is cast. Our all of character, life, and property is embarked in and devoted to the work of human redemption. We intend, in our whole lives, to return good for evil, and to do nothing but good to poor, suffering humanity. NEW PLAN. Agreeable to our fundamental idea of a diiality in the Divine government of the universe, and also in our own Society organizations, the Shaker will henceforth contain a department edited by Eldress Antoinette Doolittle, open to contributions from the Sisterhood of our Order; and to her such contributions, and other communications from females, both within and without the Shaker fraternity, may be addressed. It is confidently expected that this arrangement will meet not only the warm approval of our own people, but also of our friends in the outer world, where woman's rights, duties, and privileges are being so intelligently discussed both in Europe and America. The very interested attention which Shakerism, as a system of ideas, has hitherto attracted from the friends of co-operation and community, and which it is now attracting from Spiritualists, it is also destined to receive from the advocates of peace, of temperance, of hygiene and physiology, and from the woman's suffragists and land reformers. Indeed, we invite all progressive minds and classes, all truth-loving, religious persons, from the most scientific rationalist to the revivalist, to take the Shaker and Shakeress, and thereby help us to inaugurate the blessed era of universal virtue, wherein civil governments and all society organizations shall, by their organic laws, do as we would individually be done by. The Shaker Communities are but as the seeds of the future, or as a handfull of grapes on the topmost branches of the ' vine of the earth,' to show what the full crop will yet be, when the fullness of the Gentiles shall have been gathered in, and humanity be harvested by the great reapers, Time and Truth.