THE SPIRIT OF PRAYER By R. W. Pelham To illustrate the true spirit of prayer and private devotion, we will consider the subject in the following light: A child that has pure love and affection for its father, runs to him with simple joy and delight at every opportunity ; it holds him by the hand as long as the occasion lasts; is always rejoiced to meet him, and sorry when duty requires a temporary separation. In these joyful interviews, it prattles forth, in simple confidence, all its sorrows and all its joys. It receives all the caresses and commands of its father with equal delight, and enters cheerfully into all his designs and wishes, having no desire but to please and do the will of its father. This represents the state of a soul, whose devotion is nothing less than his whole life given to God, and who embraces every opportunity of holding holy intercourse with the Father of spirits. In contrast with this, we may suppose a child full of self-love, self-will, and pursuits of its own, which, though it fears, does not love its father. It is taught that it must go, at stated times every day, and bow and perform certain other acts of reverence to its father, and that if it neglect, the father will punish it with the greatest severity. The same selfishness which prompts this child to pursue its own sports and mischief, may induce it to be very punctual in attending to these times and forms of reverence, not because it loves its father, but because its selfishness makes it dread the threatened punishment. Hence, though it has no love for these acts of reverence, nor for its father who requires them, yet it will carefully perform them for its own sake. These acts of reverence form no part of its happiness, but are only per- formed to escape the misery of chastisement. For this reason it always feels as if these requirements were a drawback from its happiness — a hindrance of so much of its time from pursuing its own ends. Consequently it is always cramped, hurried, and confused when in the presence of its father; is sorry when the time of reverence has arrived, and glad when it is over. To set this in still another light, Ave may suppose a third child, which is not driven to these acts of reverence by threats and dread of punishment, but by promises of reward in apples, cakes and toys; such things as it loves. Now, as the father is not the object of its love, but the objects of reward which he has offered, though the child may be very punctual in attendance, and have the appearance of love and zeal, perhaps equal to the first-mentioned child, yet, as its motives are purely mercenary and selfish, this external show of respect to its father, though specious, is unreal. Self is the idol of the child's heart. As a proof of this, let the father withhold his wonted rewards, and, though he be otherwise kind, you will see a sudden change in the zeal of the child. It is disappointed of its mercenary expectations, and is full of murmuring and discontent. As soon, therefore, as it gives over all expectations of receiving any more rewards, having nothing to hope, and never having been taught to fear, it will throw off all restraint and wholly neglect to reverence its father. Thus will it be with mercenary worshippers of God, who serve him for reward and not from love. While the child which truly loves its father will forget its cakes and toys, and forsaking them will run to his father and be wholly satisfied with his company, hearing his counsel and doing his will. 'Verily, except ye become as this little child, ye can in nowise enter into the Kingdom of God.'