SHAKERESS: APPEAL TO THE SISTERHOOD A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS The Shakers, who, as a people, were but little known or understood by the outside world (except through business transactions), were prompted by a sense of duty and the solicitations of friends to fit up, on the first of January, 1871, a small vessel called ' The Shaker' and release it from its moorings where it had been securely anchored in a quiet harbor through the storms of nearly a century, and trim up its tiny sails, and send it forth over the great waters on a mission of love. It contained, as they believed, many treasures, which might be a blessing to others of earth's inhabitants, as they had been to them. The plain truths which this little craft contained were unpalatable to some, while others hailed with gladness any medium of truth, though small in the beginning, as a harbinger of a good time coming. Truth is potent in removing error and in breaking down idol worship in the form of churchal creeds and lifeless ceremonies. Those who had been famishing on the dry husks of theology, and whose souls were longing for living, spiritual bread, said: ' Send, Lord, by whom thou wilt.' Such were prepared to read, consider, and understand. At the end of twelve months, the little voyager came back bearing good tidings. It had made many friends while sailing to distant ports; and, although the waters were whitened with the sails of many large and powerful vessels laden with all kinds of wares, yet there seemed to be room enough for ' The Shaker' and all had treated it with kindness and respect. Thousands were heard to say 'Send out 'The Shaker' again; it has done us good.' Again it went forth, and, at the close of the year 1872, it returns (like Noah's dove) to the ark, bearing an olive leaf. The meed that it brings is not praise merely, but the sound 'It has been a blessing to us; we cannot do without it. Long live The Shaker! — 'It must not die.' ' And now, in behalf of the Sisterhood of the Shaker fraternity, I would greet all the readers of our little sheet with ' A Happy New Year.' This is not merely a compliment, a meaningless sound passing the lips, but is heartfelt; and we pray that the light of truth may illume your pathway, and that holy influences from angel spheres may surround you, and lift your thoughts and affections to things of enduring worth. This would augment the happiness of all. And, my dear sisters of the Shaker Community, let me ask you all, as one, to unite, with renewed efforts, the coming year, to advance the good cause. Truth and virtue have always been maintained through individual self-sacrifice. Let us be thankful to be counted worthy to suffer, if thereby truth may be promoted. There is work to be done; a cross to be borne, and a crown to be secured; and woman must act her part. Let us be as angels in our own home; strew fadeless flowers— innocence, purity and love — in life's pathway. This will attract angels from higher spheres, and they will commune with us. We shall, also, feel the blessing of our good brethren, who have resolved to eat the fruit of honest toil. When they go forth to plow the field and sow the seed, they will return to their peaceful home with gladsome hearts, knowing full well that they will meet kind-hearted, Grod-fearing sisters, who will welcome them, and administer to all their necessities. How many magnificent dwellings there are at the present time, in our own country, with beauteous surroundings of shrubbery, choice fruits, and flowers of varied hue, and frescoed walls, and floors overlaid with costly tapestry within, that are destitute of all those essentials which make home desirable and pleasant. Luxury is there; but the white-robed angel of peace does not find shelter. Better and more to be desired is the humble cottage, with a scanty morsel, where peace dwells, than a king's palace where envy and strife bear rule. And 0, how many men there are at the present time who, by the unreasonable demands of their wives and daughters, in the eager pursuit of the goddess Fashion, are compelled to resort to unjust measures to procure means for such extravagance ! Ah, woman, how art thou fallen ! Instead of being an angel-friend to lift man up in the scale of moral purity, your mediumistic pow- ers are turned to demoralize him. Let this be a lesson for the daughters of Zion to study. By it let us learn to regard the law of use, and not be content to live upon the labors of our brethren, and eat the bread of idleness; but toil with them ; aid them in all the duties of life; rejoice with them in prosperity, and suffer with them in adversity. Do any of our outside fripnds ask What are the social conditions and spiritual enjoyments among the Shakers? We answer: True friendship; brotherly and sisterly affection; devoid of sensuality in our domestic relations ; and, in our religious associations, we, in concert, raise our hearts and voices in prayer and praise; and feel that the heavens bow down while we become lifted up in spirit to meet loving messengers from higher spheres, who feed the spiritual part, (which cannot subsist upon gross, material things,) with immortal food. This, to us, is real joy.