DUAL GOVERNMENT By Elder W. Leonard ' In the beginning God created man, and called their name Adam.' Thus the race was started under generative law; and this law they were to bind upon their children. Their order was complete, and God blessed them, and said to them, ' Multiply and have dominion over every living thing which moveth on the earth.' If they stood upright the government would stand ; if they fell, it would be broken. They did fall, and sorrowful have been and are the consequences to the race. By this fall, and their posterity 'sinning after the similitude of their transgression,' we were all brought under the curse of broken law. Consequently man seized the power to rule over woman, and she lost her standing by his side, and all rights pertaining thereto. Reasoning from these premises, it is plain that it was not intended that the earth should stand exclusively under male power. The Patriarchal rule, the Law, the first Gospel Age, the Witnesses, in both sexes, all point to a steady struggle to reproduce a dual government in these last days. The Church, brought in by Jesus, was still under male rule, which rendered it imperfect. Its founders and leaders saw and preached but in part. Jesus, reasoning from the past, upon what was yet to come, predicted a falling away. He foresaw that Christ's second coming would be like unto a marriage; or would produce a Church governed jointly by man and woman, corresponding to the first Adam, the figure. This government, as was predicted, commenced with the Latter-day Church. Ann Lee, a great revelationist, received from the Christ Spirit the same light and principles that were lived out by Jesus. She established a Church strictly under male and female government, which has existed nearly a century, restoring woman to her place, which she lost by the fall. Ann Lee, and the best seers in her Order, predicted that dual governments would become universal; and the best evidence of the truth of their revelations are the changes which have come over spiritual and earthly governments during the last half century. Then, to suffer not a woman to speak in public, especially the churches, was the rule and not the exception. Many leading minds have seen and acknowledged the principles of this Church, but have stumbled at this dual government. They have hesitated, doubted, and stood back; and the Church has sadly felt the effects of such hesitation; but, like an army with banners, onward moves this new governmental idea in the civil and ecclesiastical world of thought. Half a century since, women could find no place as teachers, as public lecturers, critics on political matters, voters, or preachers, as they now do. All this has a significant meaning, and the question is, what will it grow to and end in ? Who would have thought, in the days when John Endicott hung women in Boston for daring to speak in public after he commanded them not, and found support from men taught in the old school theology, that, in less than two centuries after, halls and pulpits would be opened to them by the hundred; or that scientific and legislative bodies would give them public hearing ? Who would then have dreamed that, in the councils of this nation and from every quarter, a host of strong-minded men would speak out and demand for women the right of suffrage ? Evidently such a condition of things is upon us; and who, in view of this can say there has not been a steady advance, toward a dual government, since God established it in this Church and Order? For ages past, a period of universal peace has been predicted, from which innumerable blessings would flow to nations and peoples. Be it remembered that this was to come in the latter days. Appealing to universal history, are we to expect this millennial state to result from the rule of man alone ? When political troubles have arisen among disagreeing rulers, men have furnished swordsmen by regiments, and have always been ready to turn out their warriors instead of peacemakers. Men suffer greatly in war by their barbarity; but women have been by far the greatest sufferers. Millions of them have lost fathers, husbands, sons and friends who have been sacrificed upon the battle fields of the various nations of the earth. Besieging armies have indiscriminately slain untold numbers of mothers and infants. Mothers and daughters have been worse than murdered, and left to starve; they have been carried into captivity and sold as slaves, or left to perish by thousands in barren and desolate places of the earth. If noble women find their places in national councils, will they not look back on these bloody pages of history and strive to turn the weapons of cruelty into plow-shares ? Will they not labor to have the prophecies of the ancient sons of God fulfilled? Is not God pressing on this movement, in order to bring about this universal brotherhood for which the world, through the instrumentality of dual governments, seems stirred up to work and look ? Man first invented the still, and from it he has poured out the liquid fire that has scourged and consumed large portions of the race. It has proved a curse to both sexes, and a moral desolation to all nations, filling prisons, lunatic asylums, and pauper houses, and turning the feet of many into the paths of sin and sorrow. No pen can paint the sufferings that have been brought upon our world by this terrible evil, and upon women in particular. Accordingly, we see her rising up in society, striving to banish the pest, and lift the curse from herself and children. Temperance reforms have not proved a perfect success: popularity and pride have required large revenues for support. Statesmen, to collect these, have worked against these reforms. Their laws so encourage distillation and importation remain in full force. Thus, those men who sit at the helm of power by law crush out all temperance experiments, and drunkenness still continues among all classes, statesmen themselves setting the example. Would this be if Woman had the ballot, and a place in the councils of the nation ? Judging from their past example in temperance and other reforms, we think not. As long as navies and standing armies exist, and intemperance is thus supported by law-makers, it is impossible to uproot prostitution. From the day that woman receives her political rights, which the age will surely grant, better laws and morals may be hoped for. The reform will pass through both Church and State. 8HAKEE A.ND For nearly a century the Shaker Church has stood under this form of dual government, and proved its blessings. Their spiritual and temporal government both stand in this Order, and they have never ceased to pray that, under the law of progress, it may yet find its place in every land and nation upon earth. Whenever this takes place, society will begin to realize the ruling power of this Church, what it is, and where it originated; and, though it may be new to the age, they will find it as old as the heavens; that it began in the morning of creation, and, instead of opposing, the rational, thinking classes will advocate it. From their own political plane they will cast their eyes upward, and see that, while they enjoy it on earth, the dual order exists in the mansions of the blessed.