THE SHAKERS By A. B. Bradford, late Consul to China ' A city set upon a hill that cannot be hid.' In the valley and along the sides of a mountain which flanks the Hudson River, in Columbia county, New York, dwell the Mount Lebanon Society of Shakers, one of a number of settlements that compose the Shaker Community of the United States. Besides this one, New York has two other settlements ; Massachusetts four ; Maine and New Hampshire each two; Connecticut one; Ohio four, and Kentucky two. Each of these has one or more ' Families ' — offshoots that branch out from the parent stock, and are helped, by common consent, to independent landed estates. As this remarkable people are almost wholly unknown to us in Pennsylvania, I propose, on this occasion, to give some infor- mation as to their origin, their religious views, their community principles, their econ- omy, by which I mean their mode of living, and any thing else that occurs to my mind of interest to you concerning them. Of course, what I have to say does not purport to be a thorough discussion of a most interesting subject, but only a few items of fact and thought — all the result of a visit I made to Mount Lebanon during last summer. 1. Their origin. When we read Josephus's History of the Antiquities of the Jews, we find that there was a class called Essenes, who, although they make no figure at all in the New Testament history, produced great effect in the Christian Church. These were, no doubt, the prototypes of the Shakers. To this class Jesus of Nazareth belonged; from them he got many of the ideas which he inculcated in his public teachings, and by their rules he regulated himself in regard to a celibate life. If any one will make himself acquainted with the history of the Essenes, he will find it hard to discover in their system any thing to criticise, unless it should be on the subject of marriage. For while they allowed marriage to be a good thing for those who occupied a lower plane of spirituality, for themselves,' they neither married nor gave in marriage, but were as the angels of God in Heaven.' A second class of Essenes, to meet the obvious objection that the race would run out on their principle of celibacy, did practise marriage; but it was the marriage of love, not lust. It was to provide offspring that should be strong to bear the responsibilities of human life. Truth is the daughter of Time ; and Time goes long with child. These embryonic ideas of the Essenes, and some other wise people among the Greeks, two thousand years ago, in regard to the right method of propagating the race of human beings with a view to their improvement, have come to the birth in our day. We have now college professors who have discovered at last the old secret, that the same laws for improving the lower order of animals, if applied rigidly and scientifically to the human species, would, in due time, make it certain that every child born, being sent for, and not coming by chance, would come into the world beautiful in person, intelligent in mind, happy in disposition, and good in character. I live, I shall die, in the hope that, in a century or so, if the world preserves its peace, and gives science and religion a fair chance to solve their problems, that the human race, in the four respects I have named, will not occupy the low plane we now do, but when every mother's son shall enjoy the inheritance he is entitled to by virtue of his human origin. The Shakers then, whether they intended it or not, are, I think, a reproduction in our age of the severe morality and heroic life of the primitive order of the Essenes, one of whose chief characteristics was celibacy, and to which order Jesiis of Nazareth belonged. 2. Their Religious Views — Mother Ann. As science reveals to us the magnitude of the universe, and the comparative nothingness of the planet which forms our dwelling place, the mind is oppressed with the thought that the individual may be overlooked by the Almighty Father in the care He exercises for the whole. Hence it is natural for every child to love its mother best, since the mother, by her watchfulness, knows and cares for the small and multifarious needs of her offspring. So, the human soul, when on the one side it speculates like an angel concerning God ; on the other, brings its human wants and weaknesses with it, and longs to find in the Divine character the maternal idea. The Jewish Psalmist expresses the feeling which every properly-developed man evinces, who takes an outlook upon the vastness of the universe, when he exclaims, ' As the hart panteth after the water brook, so panteth my soul after Thee, Oh God.' Theodore Parker, in those wonderful prayers he offered in the beginning of his religious services in Boston, seemed to regard God as Dual — as possessing the peculiar love of a mother for her child, as well as that of a father; and therefore with great reverence, yet with the deepest filial feeling, and with a marked effect upon his audience, addressed God as a dear Father and Mother, If this childlike trait of character is developed as men become spiritual, it is not difficult to see that, whereas the Shakers regard Jesus as a Divine Prophet, and believe in his mission, yet, to meet their conception of the dual character of God — to satisfy the longing for a mother's love, which all men feel when they think of their loneliness in the great universe, they should accept Mother Ann Lee as an avatar of the Christian economy, as Buddha was in the Brahminical, and as Mohammed was among his countrymen, and that they should yield her honor and reverence. According to the old ideas, that ruled the world until astronomy and geology corrected them, man was the center of the universe. For him alone the sun shone by day, and the moon gave her light by night, and the stars of heaven twinkled in the firmament, and the seasons rolled around, giving the beautiful alternation of summer and winter. But now we see that man, glorious as he is in intellect, and more glorious as he is yet to be in the future, is only an incident in the vast creation — that he has come up from a low origin to his present place by the great law of evolution, which is to carry him onward 8HAKEEE88. 11 gfcill in his grand career. But we must pay the price of every thing we have, and if we glory in the results of scientific research, and are proud to know what the telescope and the spectroscope have revealed of the magnitude and composition of the universe, we must experience a reaction and feel oppressed and discouraged at the comparative nothingness of the world we inhabit, and the ephemeral duration of the generations of man, as one appears upon the stage to-day, and tomorrow passes away into the oblivion of eternity. If, then, science, from a material point of observation, represents man as a lonely orphan, calling for his father and mother, from a moral point of view, and on a level which the multitude have not reached, but which has been attained only by the spiritually minded, it may represent the dual nature of God, and meet the desire we all feel for a mother's sympathy and love, as well as a father's care For reasons such as these, probably, the Shakers have an uncommon reverence for woman as such. In all their affairs of government and advice she is the equal of man. Her desire and right to lead a celibate life are religiously respected and protected, and although the tongue of slander, as might be expected, has in some cases vilified the Community, there is no person who has made himself acquainted with them that for a moment suspects any thing against their character on this score. The grand idea in their religion, to which all the rest is auxiliary, is, that for them, as true believers, making Jesus their model, a celibate life is the highest Christian attainment. To carry out this idea as an end, they use, as means, simple diet, constant, but not exhaustive labor, natural periods of rest, freedom from worldly associations, the most perfect cleanliness of person, and of all their surroundings ; in short every thing that will enable them to maintain purity in heart, speech and behavior. In noticing the com- plete victory which strong men and beautiful women have achieved over what they call the generative lusts of the flesh, I could not help saying to myself, give me this stern unbending principle, this lofty, organized devotion to an idea, and let me infuse it into an army of a hundred thousand men, and I could conquer the world ! Away then with the sneering suspicion that the continence of the Shakers is only an outside show, and that human nature is too strong for such restraints. The religious instinct is a part of human nature, and it can control all the rest. The history of monks and nuns, of anchorites and flagellants, proves that when men and women really feel an act of self-sacrifice to be a duty, they can accomplish it; for the will is controlled by the strongest motive, and it is the prerogative of the human soul to pause in the moment of temptation and call into its presence all the opposing motives, and thus stand strong in its integrity of purpose. Some of us affect to pity the Shakers, in their retirement from the world and their cir- cumscribed limits of enjoyment, and practise of a celibate life. But they don't thank us for our pity. The principle of compensation comes to their aid, and when they compare the miseries of the world with what the world calls their privations, they are more than thankful for their quiet and happy homes. How little do people dream, when, in our present type of civilization, they see thousands of men and women swirling around in the vortex of temptation, and going down, the victims of vice and of overwork, that there is a sweet home among the Shakers where temptation is comparatively unknown; where vice is a stranger; where contentment and plenty reigns; and where what shall we eat 1 what shall we drink ? wherewithal shall we be clothed ? — those three questions that produce the eternal moil and turmoil of the world, and keep up the courts of law, and fill the penitentiaries with victims, never harass a single soul! Some, indeed, sickened with the emptiness and heartlessness of society, strike their sails and heave their anchors when, on the voyage of life, they approach this haven of rest. Others wish to introduce their children there, if they cannot go themselves. One New York lady has three daughters at Mount Lebanon, all endowed with beauty and talent, and their education is conducted by the best of teachers, in one of the best and most thorough schools I ever knew. 3. The Shakers are all Spiritualists. Before the Rochester knockings, the fame of which has become world wide, these people claimed to hold communication with departed spirits. In this, except among the followers of Swedenborg, they were alone among the churches. I have often wondered at this fact; for the first article in the creed of all the Protestant churches is the dogma of the plenary inspiration of the whole Bible ; and both the Old Testament and the New clearly teach that living men may hold converse with the dead; in other words, that the dead have only departed from our sight by assuming the spiritual body of the resurrection ; that they still live, still take cognizance of us, and sympathize with us, and afford us help and comfort. This is as clearly taught as human language can teach it in the Scriptures, and especially in the recorded interview which King Saul had, through the woman of Endor, with the departed Prophet Samuel, in 1 Samuel, 28th chapter. The record states that Samuel actually appeared to the king, and announced to him the issue of the battle which was to be fought next day. Whoever reads the passage attentively will see that clairvoyance was then practised; that mediumship was the connecting link between the two worlds, and that when conditions were favorable, it was possible for those in this world to receive truthful communications from those in the world of spirits. This passage of Scripture history was robbed of its meaning by M. Henry, the commentator, who said it was not Samuel who appeared to Saul, but the devil personating Samuel. We, however, live in a day when the ipse dixit of a clergyman will not overrule both facts and philosophy, and this passage stands as it was written With all their reverence for the Bible, the Shakers do not regard it as a final revelation, teaching for good and all what we are to believe concerning God, and what duty God requires of man. They do not believe that God, as a Father, has forsaken His children upon the earth, leaving behind Him only a composite book, made up of sixty-six tracts, which have been exposed for centuries to interpolations and alterations that have given birth to all the jangling creeds of Christendom, and that are known even in their present condition to but only a small portion comparatively of the human race. On the contrary, they believe that Heaven still vouchsafes its revelations of truth and duty to mankind everywhere, as in the olden time, when men went to ' inquire of the Lord.' They think that God commissions his angels and the glorified spirits of just men to give to mortals who, on the high plane of holy consecration, keep their minds in a state of receptivity, that knowledge of the present and the future, and that sense of duty which all men feel to be so desirable. When, therefore, our age was surprised by what was believed to be communications from the spirit world, it was nothing new to the Shakers, who, in their retired position from the busy world, were familiar with the idea. This explains the sympathy which everywhere prevails among the Shakers and the Spiritualists, and which, on this one subject, forms a bond of union between them. — Beaver (Pa.) Madical.