TO YOUTH By Lucy J. Osborne While perusing the November number of The Shaker, my attention was particularly drawn to the article headed ' Angel Eyes are Upon Us,' and to the beautiful poem appended thereto, entitled ' We are Seen.' Those sentiments appeal so directly to the conscience, that it seems to me they cannot fail to awaken thoughtful considerations in every reflective mind, and I felt an ardent desire that all youthful readers, whose eyes might trace those impressive lines, should feel the great necessity of ' applying their hearts unto wisdom,' and of remembering that youth is the time to form a good character, and so lay a foundation for future usefulness and happiness, which can be done only by self-culture. And if youth and children could be impressed with the allimportant truth that 'God is Light,' and that their every action is open to the inspection of angels, and must eventually be brought into judgment, would it not be a powerful inducement to many to speak the truth, and to live more innocently ? And would it not lead them to honor their parents and guardians, by obeying their counsels, thus fitting them to become useful and ornamental members of society ? Many temptations beset the youthful mind, and if all could be impressed with the simple truth, that it is far more noble to acknowledge a fault than to dissemble, and seek to hide it, how much trouble of mind and remorse of conscience it would save. I earnestly and affectionately exhort my young friends to lay aside all that vain and foolish pride which would hinder them from confessing their faults. Remember that ' God is Love,' as well as Light. He is merciful and forgiving, and all souls belong to him. He is not a respecter of persons, but of character; and his love flows to all repentant hearts, whether in savage or civilized nations — in the palace or the humble cottage. Let us trust in Truth; there is strength and beauty in it. Let it be our motto, and it will prove an unfailing friend to both aged and youth, in sickness and health, in life and in death. — Hancock, Mass.