Berlin, Camden Co., N. Y., December 18,1872 Editor of' Shaker and Shakeress : ' It is a source of joy to me, to know that the Shakers are sending forth, into this wilderness world of sin, Christ's doctrines of ' peace on earth, good will to man.' Since the commencement of the late war, the rising genera- tion have been taught, by the popular clergy, and the religious papers, that war is an essential part of Christianity; that men shot down in battle, while filled with hate and wrath, and striving to kill those who had never injured them, are taken directly to heaven, and crowned as saints and Christian martyrs, and placed on thrones of honor and glory at the right hand of God. During the war, ministers went to steamboat and railroad stations, to take leave of soldiers leaving home for the scene of slaughter, and there went through the blasphemous ceremony they call prayer; and then presented the soldiers with flags and New Testaments, and exhorted them to go and fight manfully, like Christian heroes. And should any one have been faithful enough to the true testimony of Christ, to declare that Christians never did, and never can, fight, he would have been denounced as a heretic, a traitor, and antichrist, and threatened with forts, prisons and assassination. There was not a priest, nor a paper, to be heard of, that dared to say that God is true, and that Christ is the Prince of Peace. Seeing and knowing these things to be so, I wondered whether God would permit the rising generation to grow up under the teachings of this Balaamitish priesthood, with none to tell them that their preaching was antichristian lies. But, in the darkest hour, ' The Shaker ' appeared, saying emphatically and truthfully, ' Christians never did, never can, fight! ' And now I rejoice with joy unspeakable, and have only to add : Go and prove to honest inquirers after truth, that all the Churches that believe in and practise war, are but the ' synagogues of Satan,' with no shadow of right to name the name of Jesus. This you can readily do, beyond all controversy or cavil, by comparing their practises with the precepts and practise of Jesus, as set forth in the New Testament, in which they all profess to believe. Your friend, JEREMIAH HACKER