PROMPTITUDE By Martha J. Anderson ' Delay shortens life, and abridges industry; while promptitude enlarges both.' This is an essential element of character, and should be incorporated in every person's code of individual laws, to enable them to properly and profitably perform the work assigned them in life's busy sphere of action. Said one anciently : ' To every thing there is a season, and a time for every purpose under heaven.' But dilatoriness, and disinclination to labor, allows proper seasons to slip by unimproved, while good purposes are too often frustrated for the want of descisive action at the right moment. There is a competency ot SHAKBEESS. 15 time for the fulfilment of noble ends and aims, if we rightly improve the present. It is procrastination that breaks the golden threads of life's fair web, and causes us vexation. Like a weird ghost, he haunts the scenes of our daily avocations, and plausibly guarantees a pleasanter time than that which now is for the accomplishment of our allotted duties; but the by-and-by only superadds to accumulated labors; and, when necessity assumes her rule, we are fretted into a state of fevered excitement, and then leave our work but half performed. It is not fitful strokes of zeal That add the most to human weal, But patient labor, hourly wrought, Has wealth amass'd and increase brought. But few persons are habitually prompt; a natural disposition to ease, combined with mental inertia, incapacitates the many for necessary activity, which incites to promptness of action. It is well to be punctual; better to be ready beforehand, meeting appointments, fulfilling agreements in an orderly and punctual manner, keeping pace frontguard of the marching hours. Promptness is a point of culture that all may attain unto by self discipline. Those who are dilatory should feel the just censure which persistent tardiness often incurs from those who know the precious worth of time, and are instant in duty. Some individuals are regularly inattentive to regulations, being a little late on every occasion. If the bell rings at the accustomed hour, it is five or ten minutes too soon for their convenience; if a special call is made for concentration of labor on some extra branch of business, their leisurely movements in preparation leave them in the rear of the active, who are prompt in every motion, evincing an interest to sustain and carry forward to its ultimate any project the intent of which is for mutual benefit. Suah have, for their motive power, determined will. It is just this push-ahead and promptness that completes the thorough business man and woman, gives character and effect to any enterprise, and makes the machinery of life run smoothly. The blacksmith draws the red-hot metal from the glowing furnace, but does he form his model after he has taken the iron from the fire ? Not so; he is ready to strike while yet the heat is luminous, and the material malleable, that he may fashion it according to his will, and the living sparks that fly tell us that to 'strike while the iron is hot' is not a meaningless phrase. Here is a lesson for the young, who are now moulding their characters on the anvil of life (for good or evil just as they will it). Now is the time to straighten the crooked places, while there is ardency of purpose and pliancy of will. The hammer of truth is effective in shaping aright; do not delay to use it with wakeful vigor, to the end that you may be fitted for useful and substantial members of society, the healthful condition of which is dependent on the qualification of its members, who should each fulfil their office so perfectly and actively that a glow of health and invigorating life may add to the structure, strength and beauty. Delay has stamped on human acts the blight of misspent time and uncompleted purpose, while magnificent thought-built project towers reel and crumble to the dust for the want of solid foundations, laid in actual labor and experience. 'Tis hands that do and hearts that bear Which lift the burden, lighten care, And give to life an aspect fair In this wide world of ours. So, let us heed each burden-freighted moment that speaks of the blessed 'now' to do and bear, that light-winged they may glide into the sunny side of eternity, to smile on our future existence. ' We should cultivate that althletic frame of soul which rejoices in abundant occupation, that we may find the sweetness of that repose which follows finished work, and the zest of that recreation in which no delinquent feeling mingles, and on which no neglected duty frowns.'