CORRESPONDENCE Extract from an English Letter, dated Oct. 30tft, 1872. ' I see, by this week's 'Medium,' that the Bishop of Chester takes the position that Jesus was the first to enter Heaven ; and that even David was not in the (Christ) heavens, although more than ten centuries had passed since his death.' Turning to the October (25th) No. I find the following : ' The Intermediate State. A Sermon on the Intermediate State by the Bishop of Chester, just published.' ' The clergy, for many years, have regarded the intermediate state of the soul (between death and the physical resurrection) a sealed subject, until Dr. Bartle, Principal of Frestifield College, Liverpool, brought out his novel work, in 1869, entitled ' Hades,' for which he was charged with heresy. Now the Buhop of Chester comes to his support, making his own views on the ' Intermediate State' identical with those expressed by Dr. Bartle in his work.' —Ed. of 'Medium.' Dr. Bartle: In Hade?, we read (p. 113): ' The portion of Scripture from the Acts proves that the soul or spirit of Christ was in Hades; because St. Peter declares that God did not leave it there. It must of necessity have been in that region, otherwise its removal thence would have been an impossibility. (Page 38.) Death is simply the separation of soul and body.' Page 194. ' We find St. Peter stating that the patriarch David, who, he said, was both dead and buried, yet had not at that time ascended into the Heavens, although his death occurred a thousand years before.' Page 226. ' With St. Paul, to die was gain; but the crown of righteousness would not be given him till that day; meaning the day of judgment.' Chapter VII. ' Let it be clearly understood, then that the expression ' sleeping' implies ' waking;' and, therefore, whenever we find the word ' sleeping ' used of the deceased, it never means that the soul is in a state of unconsciousness.' Page 202. 'Hades is a Greek word, and literally means the invisible place; and the word 'heK,' in its primary meaning, signifies the hidden place; and in this place it is almost identical with 'Hades.'' The editor of the '• Medium' presumptuously advises these two great Orthodox lights (or balls of darkness) to attend some of the seances, and there learn that the disembodied souls of men and women have no idea of attempting to gather the identical materials ot their long-ago discarded bodies. As to the day of judgment, it is when a man (or woman) brings himself (or herself) to judgment by the confession and the discontinuing the com- mission of sin — missing the mark.—Ed.