SHAKERESS: PAUL AND THE BISHOPS A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS When the bishops of Rome, in solemn conclave, decided that they were sole arbiters of theological truth (an erudite historian asserts they almost conceived they were Deity itself), and created an imaginary Triune God for man to worship, did they not falsify the declaration of the inspired Apostle Paul, who testified that ' the invisible things of Hiru, from the creation of the world, are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead ? ' Monstrosities do not proceed from Deity. Creative forces are orderly, and they form and produce their kind. The creation is a reflex of the Creator. If we pass through thewhole realm of the natural, which is a correspondence of the spiritual, where shall we find the likeness of a Triune God — three male beings conjoined in one ? Do we not see the dual principle, positive and negative, male and female, manifest in all of God's creation, from man, the apex, down through all grades of animal life, continuing to the vegetable and mineral kingdoms? Can we marvel that the imaginary Trinity in the heavens should be reflected upon the earth, and a duplicate be formed here ? The ruling power on the earth, at the present time, is a trinity of doctors of divinity, civil law, and physic. Through the God Trinity, which man has formed for man to worship, the sun ' of Divine revelation has been darkened, and the moon (ruling earthly governments) turned to blood;' and through the power and influence of the trinity of doctors, the war spirit has ruled. Doctors of divinity have invoked the blessing of the Holy Trinity upon the deadly weapons of war, and the doctors of law, through the power vested in them, have forced fathers, brothers, and sons, to leave all that was dear to them on earth, and enter the ranks of those who were marching to the gory battle field, there to face the cannon's mouth; while the doctors of physic followed in their wake, ready to amputate shattered limbs, and bear the bleeding and dying to hospitals or to the grave. But thanks are due from many hearts, that, in the fullness of time, the light of divine revelation has pierced the dark clouds which, through a false theology, have for centuries been gathering over Christendom. Now the cloud is lifted, and we see a Heavenly Father and Mother, instead of three male Gods in one. We have caught a glimpse of the true dual God, full of wisdom and love, and begin to understand the mission of the Christ Spirit manifest through earthen vessels. The angels who came to Jesus and Ann, and ministered to them, always sang the song of peace and good will. The spirit and element of war can never enter the inner spiritual Christ heavens ; nor go beyond the world's trinity of gods. And 0 how joyful we feel in believing in a Heavenly Mother ! Children in nature love and revere their father, who provides for them; but who can understand and feel their needs, and supply them, like a true mother ? Her ears are ever open to their cries; and, when in distress, she gathers them to her bosom. No longer do we remain in a semiorphan condition, having a Father in the interior heavens, without a loving Mother. And, as this beautiful truth shall come to be more generally recognized and acknowledged, their dual likeness will manifest itself in the outward governments; and in the various relations of life, woman will occupy her proper sphere, and all will eventually see that the visible creation is an outgrowth from the invisible, and that it is God's purpose that we should all progress from inharmonies into the beautiful, good, and true.