NON-ORIGINALITY By J. S. Prescott ' There is a divinity which shapes our ends, Rough-hew them as we may.' Man did not originate himself, and therefore cannot comprehend his own existence. Solomon, who was wiser in his generation than many others, said that there was ' nothing new under the sun.' An apostle said, ' Since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning. The history of the world to-day is ' history repeating itself.' Jesus, the author of primitive Christianity, did not claim to be the originator or source of truth, because truth existed before him. He said, ' To this end was I born, to bear witness unto the truth.' This was his peculiar mission, and in the execution of it, although violently opposed, he proved his fidelity and faithfulness, his steadfastness and integrity, to that degree that he was called ' the faithful and true witness.' His memorable sermon on the Mount, containing the ' golden rule,' which meets with a hearty response in every man's breast, was not original with him, but was one ot the maxims of Confucius, a Chinese philosopher, who lived long before him. Then where was the originality ? Not with Jesus, nor with Confucius, but with God. For the principle existed in the creation of man, and was worthy of being handed down to the latest posterity. When Columbus discovered America, it was called a 'new world,' but such was not the fact. America was as old as any other part of the globe — it was new only to those who discovered it, and on this right of discovery the King of England based his claim to give charters to English emigrants to lands belonging to the Indians, who were then the original inhabitants and proprietors of America. William Penn called in question the justice of the King's claim, and argued the point with him at some length, in which he obtained the victory of ' right over might.' The facts are that the English crown was largely in debt to the Penn family, and King Charles proposed to liquidate those ' old claims ' by ceding vast territories, three thousand miles away, be- longing to the North American Indians. Penn accepted the payment, after first proving to the king that he had no more moral or legal right'to the lands thus proposed to be ceded or chartered, than the American Indians had to the island of England. Penn inquired of the king how he would feel and act if some American Indians, cruising about in some of their big canoes, should discover the little island of Great Britain, and straightway should take formal possession of it, and then proceed to apportion it out as hunting and fishing grounds for their several chiefs. 'Zounds,' said Charles, 'I should think it a great piece of impudence, and would light them with my army and navy—my brave English soldiers and sailors.'— Ed. And when Wm. Penn came over to America, before settling a colony himself, he called the natives around him, under the shade of a large tree, and there made a treaty with them, on the most friendly terms, offering them a reasonable compensation for all the land he wished to purchase of them, by which he gained their entire confidence, and secured their friendship. He looked upon them not as savages, but as the legal owners of the soil — as children of the forest—and treated them kindly as such, and they, in return, ever afterward called him ' Father Penn,' and do the same to this day. This was placing originality where it belonged. The influence of this admirable example of Wm. Penn, and his 'Peace Policy ' toward the aborigines of our country, is still felt in the old Quaker city of Philadelphia in 'brotherly love,' and no doubt has more or less influence on the policy of President Grant's administration toward the present races of Indians. If a man writes a history, and records facts, those facts did not originate with the historian — they existed before him — all he had to do was to compile them, and bring them up to the surface in book form, and bear witness to the truth of them. The Bible is held sacred because of the truth it contains; but the truth itself did not originate with the Bible, nor with the compilers of it ; it existed before either of them. Then, where was the originality? Not with the Bible, nor with man, nor with the Son of Man, but with God. So it is with the revelations given in our day. If there is any truth in those revela 12 8HA.KEH A.ND tions, that truth did not originate with man nor with woman, but with God. All that mortals can claim as to originality is their mediumship — being called to bear witness to the truth revealed — and if they fail to do this, they fail to fulfil their high and holy calling. ' Ye are my witnesses, saith the Lord.' It is now generally admitted that God is dual — Father and Mother — that these divine attributes do exist in the Deity, and have always existed, from time immemorial, yea, 'from everlasting;' that the dispensation under which we live is emphatically the Reign of the Eternal Father and Mother principles; hence, mercy is mingled with judgment. Truth is applicable to both sexes, it being both male and female — self-existent— hence it is written, 'As for the truth, it endureth and is always strong; it liveth and conquereth forevermore. With her there is no accepting of persons or rewards; but she doeth the things that are just, and refraineth from all unjust and wicked things, and all men do well like of her works.' ' Neither in her judgment is any unrighteousness ; and she is the strength, kingdom, power and majesty of all ages. Blessed be the God of truth. And with that he held His peace. And all the people then shouted and said, ' Great is truth, and mighty above all things.'' ' True to Thee, my God, forever, True unto Thy word and way, I will stand, and no affliction E'er shall turn my heart astray. Deep within my soul are anchor'd Faith, and hope, and love divine, And my early vows to serve Thee Hold me, hold me ever Thine.'