CORRESPONDENCE Extract from an English Letter, dated Oct. 30tft, 1872. ' I see, by this week's 'Medium,' that the Bishop of Chester takes the position that Jesus was the first to enter Heaven ; and that even David was not in the (Christ) heavens, although more than ten centuries had passed since his death.' Turning to the October (25th) No. I find the following : ' The Intermediate State. A Sermon on the Intermediate State by the Bishop of Chester, just published.' ' The clergy, for many years, have regarded the intermediate state of the soul (between death and the physical resurrection) a sealed subject, until Dr. Bartle, Principal of Frestifield College, Liverpool, brought out his novel work, in 1869, entitled ' Hades,' for which he was charged with heresy. Now the Buhop of Chester comes to his support, making his own views on the ' Intermediate State' identical with those expressed by Dr. Bartle in his work.' —Ed. of 'Medium.' Dr. Bartle: In Hade?, we read (p. 113): ' The portion of Scripture from the Acts proves that the soul or spirit of Christ was in Hades; because St. Peter declares that God did not leave it there. It must of necessity have been in that region, otherwise its removal thence would have been an impossibility. (Page 38.) Death is simply the separation of soul and body.' Page 194. ' We find St. Peter stating that the patriarch David, who, he said, was both dead and buried, yet had not at that time ascended into the Heavens, although his death occurred a thousand years before.' Page 226. ' With St. Paul, to die was gain; but the crown of righteousness would not be given him till that day; meaning the day of judgment.' Chapter VII. ' Let it be clearly understood, then that the expression ' sleeping' implies ' waking;' and, therefore, whenever we find the word ' sleeping ' used of the deceased, it never means that the soul is in a state of unconsciousness.' Page 202. 'Hades is a Greek word, and literally means the invisible place; and the word 'heK,' in its primary meaning, signifies the hidden place; and in this place it is almost identical with 'Hades.'' The editor of the '• Medium' presumptuously advises these two great Orthodox lights (or balls of darkness) to attend some of the seances, and there learn that the disembodied souls of men and women have no idea of attempting to gather the identical materials ot their long-ago discarded bodies. As to the day of judgment, it is when a man (or woman) brings himself (or herself) to judgment by the confession and the discontinuing the com- mission of sin — missing the mark.—Ed. Postscript of a letter since received, dated December 8,1872: ' P. S.—I sent you a London ' Standard,' in which you will see our good friend, Mr. Hep- worth Dixon, has been figuring in Court. Sir 1O SHAKER .A.ND J. Eastlake, counsel for defendant, is teported elsewhere to have spoken in the highest terms of the Shaker communities, saying that' Dixon's description of them was the redeeming feature of all his books.' ' I shall not fail to either write, or send you a paper every week, until I come amongst you. — E. J. W. Berlin, Camden Co., N. Y., December 18,1872 Editor of' Shaker and Shakeress : ' It is a source of joy to me, to know that the Shakers are sending forth, into this wilderness world of sin, Christ's doctrines of ' peace on earth, good will to man.' Since the commencement of the late war, the rising genera- tion have been taught, by the popular clergy, and the religious papers, that war is an essential part of Christianity; that men shot down in battle, while filled with hate and wrath, and striving to kill those who had never injured them, are taken directly to heaven, and crowned as saints and Christian martyrs, and placed on thrones of honor and glory at the right hand of God. During the war, ministers went to steamboat and railroad stations, to take leave of soldiers leaving home for the scene of slaughter, and there went through the blasphemous ceremony they call prayer; and then presented the soldiers with flags and New Testaments, and exhorted them to go and fight manfully, like Christian heroes. And should any one have been faithful enough to the true testimony of Christ, to declare that Christians never did, and never can, fight, he would have been denounced as a heretic, a traitor, and antichrist, and threatened with forts, prisons and assassination. There was not a priest, nor a paper, to be heard of, that dared to say that God is true, and that Christ is the Prince of Peace. Seeing and knowing these things to be so, I wondered whether God would permit the rising generation to grow up under the teachings of this Balaamitish priesthood, with none to tell them that their preaching was antichristian lies. But, in the darkest hour, ' The Shaker ' appeared, saying emphatically and truthfully, ' Christians never did, never can, fight! ' And now I rejoice with joy unspeakable, and have only to add : Go and prove to honest inquirers after truth, that all the Churches that believe in and practise war, are but the ' synagogues of Satan,' with no shadow of right to name the name of Jesus. This you can readily do, beyond all controversy or cavil, by comparing their practises with the precepts and practise of Jesus, as set forth in the New Testament, in which they all profess to believe. Your friend, JEREMIAH HACKER