WORK OF THE PRESENT By Anna White Time, with hour-glass in hand, marches on with great rapidity; none can stay its progress. Science has kept pace with time as it passed, and has brought forth many inventions, through which great results are produced. Telegraphic wires now almost belt the earth from pole to pole, and bear hourly tidings of weal or woe from continent to continent. One nation can commune with others beyond the isles of the sea; and friends can greet friends with kindly salutations in an almost incredibly short space of time. Fleet vessels,, impelled across oceans and seas by the power of steam, like so many floating palaces upon old Neptune's broad expanse, all bespeak the growth of ages. Modern inventions may compete with this honored sire — Time — in swiftness ; but are not more constant and steady in their flight than are the ' sands of life ' as they fall from Time's measured glass. And, as we are borne along on life's journey, eternity opens her pearly gates to our mental vision; and, as immortal beings we peer out into the unknown future, as before us it rises in grandeur and beauty. We sing of the 'better land,' where brothers and sisters will ' meet to part no more.' Very few profess to believe that the partial, selfish relations of the generative order will be recognized there; but all seem to think that, by some metaphysical process, parents and children, husbands and wives, etc., will be changed into angels, and that G-od will show particular favor to them; and that families from the earth-sphere will be re-united in heaven. But, may it not be asked : what makes that land, to which we are all hastening, the letter land t Is it the place, or the changed condition of individuals, that will augment their happiness ? If it depend upon changed conditions, cannot that change, by some means, be effected now ? and thus produce the ability to sing and speak of the good time that has already com,e, in the present ? Is there not too much indulgence in ideal dreams of the future, to the neglect of present duty, or failure to comprehend it ? Would it not be better to cast about, and see if there cannot be found an existing order on the earth where the will of God is done, 'as it is done in heaven ? ' and, if not successful in finding it, why not make individual efforts to establish such an order of things? Is the price too great ? Would it require too much self-sacrifice ? Or, is it more convenient to wait until compelled by what is termed death t G-od loves the cheerful giver; and he will not fail to reward all who will diligently seek him, and make willing sacrifices to promote his cause. If this were done, then would our eternal parents be honored; and every such one would be a blessing to humanity; and would be able to render due praise to the past; to revere the good and true, and reject the false ; and to sacredly hold to all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge, which have come down to us as an inheritance. Thus should we all live in the present, doing the work of our own time properly and profitably, receiving beautiful inspirations of the Spirit to aid us ; and should be fully prepared for the great future, in which we hopefully expect to wear the laurels that we have justly earned. So we will say: ' Let time continue its march, hour-glass in hand.' We would not lessen its speed; and there will be no cause of regret, if every duty is well done. — Mt. Lebanon.