LOVE, THE BOND OF OUR UNION Christmas and New Year, with all their joys and sorrows, have come and gone throughout our happy land, but not so their remembrances. These remain, and, like newmown hay, send forth, from the storehouse of memory, a fragrance very grateful to the providers, but still more so to the recipients of and participants in their festivities. As these have been religiously rational, so will the pleasures of the past be ever present — always 'green,' a 'joy forever.' The people of God, of the latter day — the day of His spiritual 'power' — were to be emphatically ' a willing people.' The North Family, whence the ' Shaker and Shaheress' issues, is the head of the Novitiate Order (composed of three families), where all the inquirers into ShaJcerism, who come to Mount Lebanon, do congregate, and where all new converts to it find a home, during their initiatory and probationary period of the new life, into which they may have been ushered. Anciently, one asked, ' How are the dead raised, and with what body do they come forth?' Modernly, many ask, 'How can you Shakers and Shakeresses, who are dead to the world, and to its (to you) sinful pleasures, enjoy Christmas and New Year, or any other social holiday season ? ' And we make answer, that 'Godliness is profitable to all things, to the life that now is and that which is to come ' — to all things relating to the soul and body. Our Christmas and New Year's tables did not ' groan under' adulterated, poisonous compounds, and costly viands, either liquids or solids; nor did they groan over the ruined health which the consumption of such things occasion; for, although bountifully supplied, their contents were gustatory and enjoyable to the palate, and agreeable to and easily digested by the stomach. This, though earthly, is no trifling blessing in this day of artificial dressing and feeding, and of superficial, highlyseasoned cookery. Then we had a mental feast of spiritual union and love; hearty, happy greetings from soul to soul, and presents from all the Brethren and Sisters to the Elders, as the Representatives of the Family. These were in the form of little missives, of which the following are specimens, the first two from the more advanced in years and experience, and the last from the youngest convert to our Order: 'North Family, Sabbath Morning, 'Dec. 25, 1872. ' To the Elders: May the blessing of our Heavenly Parents ever rest with their representatives in care — the Elders — and bless them with Heavenly courage, fortitude and Divine Love, and when their labors of love are closed, may an abiding peace be theirs. '• Be so kind as to accept from my spirit, on this occasion, a Christmas blessing. 'D. P.' ANOTHER. ' Beloved Parents: It is with deep feelings of love and respect that I address you at this time. I am truly thankful for your heavenly ministrations, so fraught with wisdom and love. ' I bless you for your fatherly and motherly tenderness to all your little flock. Justice and mercy are yours to impart; while condemning the evil you cherish the good. The spirit of Jesus, and of our ever blessed Mother Ann, shines brightly in your daily lives, which to me is evidence of the true and holy anointing wherewith ye are anointed. I know that I am blessed in many ways, and have cause of great thankfulness for my privilege in the Gospel. I feel especially thankful that I am permitted to live and asso- ciate with those in whom I have the utmost confidence as Leaders and 'Watchmen in Zion. ' I love and bless you, kind parents, and it shall be my constant labor to strengthen and build ap the walls of our Zion, according to my small capacity. In this way I can gain and retain your love and blessing, which I hope ever to possess. Levi.' ANOTHER, FROM THE YOUNGEST IN PRIVILEGE. 'My dear Elders: I am happy that I have this opportunity of expressing my growing love and respect for you, and of acknowledging my appreciation of the influence you are holding over me. My prayer shall ever be, that I may prove myself worthy of your love and confidence, and, at the sacrifice of every thing earthly, I pray that I may be simple, and keep my union with you perfect at all times. Hoping that you may live long to encourage others, as you have encouraged me, is my sincere wish. ' With kind wishes, and the compliments of the season, I am yours sincerely, 'Elmer.' Thus it is, that from the heaviest and most faithful burden bearers to the babes in Christ, the love of truth and goodness, of God, of each other, and of humanity, is the only real Bond of our Union, that holds us together in a Community of goods, in an arbor of Peace, with the Communion of Saints.