CHRIST A COMMUNIST By William A. Pratt Communism is denounced by Christians as opposed to the spirit of their religion. That it is opposed to the egotism and self-righteousness that is so marked a trait among those who style themselves Christians, cannot be denied; but it ia not opposed to Christ's teachings. The recorded sayings and doings of that religious hero show every where a communistic spirit, and it is reasonable to suppose that what is unrecorded partook in a greater degree of that same spirit, for biographers are prone to conceal the more unpopular qualities of their heroes. The kingdom of heaven, so often spoken of by him, instead of being construed into a mysterious spirit home for a select few, 1 believe can be understood better in a common-sense way — to have reference to an ideal earthly home of a communistic nature which he lioped to institute as a home for his followers; a home into which no man could enter unless he was born again, or in other words until he became dead to the customs and conventionalities of society as it now is and became like a little child again with a mind more impressible to natural habits; a home into which he said it was hard for a rich man to enter, doubtless for the same reason that it is hard to get rich men in our day to enter a community on account of their selfishness; a home where, if treasures were deposited, no fears need be entertained of their destruction by moths and rust, for in such a home every thing will be utilized for the good of all, and nothing hoarded up for the gratification of a selfish few, where thieves could not exist, for every thing would be common property, and where there would be no distinctions of age, rank, or sex. . The Golden Rule, enjoined by Christ upon his followers, contains the essence of all his religious teachings, but it is not practicable outside of a community. An individual, adhering to that rule in the present homogeneous state of society, is like a sheep among wolves and must certainly be devoured. The first Church instituted by Christ's immediate followers, was a community, moulded, doubtless, after the fashion of that which they had so often heard described from the lips of their master. Let sectarians denounce, then, as they will, our communistic theories; they know not what they do, and therefore should be forgiven. Did they read the Scriptures with their own instead of dead men's eyes, they would see that to be a true follower of Christ is to be a communist.— The Communist.