IS WOMAN A SLAVE? By E. H. Webster John Stuart Mill says, ' The law of servitude in marriage is a monstrous contradiction to all the principles of the modern world, and to all the experience through which these prin- ciples have been slowly and painfully worked out. Marriage is the only actual bondage known to our law. There remains no legal slaves, except the mistress of every house.' Strong, brave words! but are they true ? Paul said, 'The wife hath not power of her own body, but the husband.' If she has not possession of her own body, and is in subjection by the law to the will of her husband, who, though exhorted to be her saviour and deliverer as Christ is of the Church, we fear that the charge must be admitted. Paul gives, as the occasion of this servitude, that, although ' man was first formed, woman was first in transgression ; and if it were any more excusable in man to sin in consequence of the seduction of the woman 'whom the Lord had given him for a helpmeet,' than it was in her to yield to the serpentine nature which allured her, he certainly has the case. The consequences resulting seem evidence that her part and lot was exceedingly sorrowful. ' Thy desire shall be to thy husband and he shall rule over thee.' A condition of freedom was prophesied of in the forty-fifth Psalm, under the figure of one who is called to leave her father's house and all her kindred. ' The king's daughter is all glorious within.' She, as well as the virgins, her companions, who follow her, accept the heavenly Bridegroom, instead of any earthly marriage, and serve Him with gladness and rejoicing. Jesus who was most emphatically woman's friend and Saviour, alluded to her sad condition when speaking of the weeping women who followed him: ' Daughters of Jerusalem, weep not for me, but weep for yourselves, and for your children; for behold the days are coming in which they shall say,' Blessed are the barren,' ' etc. ' THE TRUTH SHALL MAKE YOU FREE.' His new manner of life broke the spell of slavery for all who would live it, whether Jew or Gentile, male or female, bond or free, and they could henceforth 'serve the Lord day and night in his temple.' ' Ye are the temples of the living God.' ' The temple of God is holy, which temple ye are.' ' Ye are bought with a price, be not ye the servants of men.' BE WITHOUT ANXIOUS CARE. Searching and critical as is their meaning, we find a whole volume of tender and pathetic teaching in those simple words of Jesus to Martha, when troubled, that Mary was not more active with her in temporal care and ministrations, ' Mary hath chosen that good part, which shall not be taken away from her.' ' Martha, thou art careful and troubled about many things, but one thing is needful.' He did not directly say that her burdens were unnecessary; but the inference is fair, that he considered them not more needful than the one which held Mary a learner at his feet. From his lips such teachings as these are often found among his utterances: ' Seek first the kingdom of heaven and its righteousness, and all needful things shall be added,' etc. So to the multitude of women to whom life is more a season of anxious care : ' What shall we eat, and wherewithal shall we be clothed ?' do not the words of Jesus most fittingly apply ? ' Thou art anxious and careful for many things;' but there is something more of life than these; there is something more necessary, the neglect of which can never be compensated with any earthly gain. How we belie our profession, and trail it in the mire of earthliness, when we subordinate the higher, the spiritual and eternal to the sordid and earthly ; and is it any marvel that with such a maimed and distorted Christianity, earth still groans under the slavery of sin ? In what church or home would the lowly Nazarene be recognized, could he return ? 'Careful and anxious about many things!' but not of the one thing needful. Careful that the body be well fed, and clothed, and housed ! Careful that the latest style be faithfully adopted, and the outward fair and irreproachable; but not equally careful that the soul be growing beautiful in the sight of angels and the pure in heart. The Martha and Mary type may still be found on the earth. The one too material and engrossed in the carking, consuming cares of life to heed the beatific vision, which still whispers to her in every lull of worldliness ; the other too exclusively spiritual. To our mind nothing shows more plainly the subjection of woman than her voluntary slavery to dress. Whether it be to please a husband, or to secure one, it matters not; the slavery is there, and obliges her to sacrifice health, conscience and gleams of purity and holiness which have flitted by all souls who have had any comprehension of Christly profession and imitation. ' Marvel not that I said unto you, Ye must be born again.' Strange, yet sublimely rudimental, transforming you from the earthly into the spiritual. One badge or sign of your freedom, or servitude, is the dress you wear. If it is fitly symbolized by the ' white raiment pure and clean.' modest and useful apparel, though mocked at by the worldly, it may prove you to be in possession of the principles and integrity which will yield you a solace and joy such as can be found in the banquet halls of none but those who are truly married to the Lamb. Man is more free; but, while showing most deeply the contamination consequent on having a burden-bearer at hand, instead of a companion, he has suffered far less than woman in many things. He has had the hardihood, after years of tinsel and ruffles, to discard them all for a more suitable, warm, and convenient clothing, while woman, hampered with confining skirts, shriveled and squeezed with pain producing ligatures, is so deformed that one would never imagine her part of that humanity that was ' created upright.' Submitting to fashion, which she despises, and which the better part of men also despise, but have not the strength to 14: 8HAKEE AND lift her above (for who would be seen with a plain or unfashionably-clad female friend), evidences her weakness and imbecility. From whence, then, is to come woman's rescuerand freer? Christ did it, when, in the person of' Paul, he declared that in Him ' there was neither bond nor free, male nor female,' etc. Christ did it again in every woman, who, like Mary, dared to learn Christly principles. Christ did it in Ann Lee, who ground the head of the serpentine nature in herself, and taught her followers to do the same. And those only become most truly free who thus gain the victory over themselves, and become redeemed from the earth. ' Stand fast, therefore, in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage.' —Harvard, Mass.