TRINITY DUALITY A Trinity is an innovation upon the theology of the human race. All mankind — from the most enlightened nations and classes down to the most benighted heathens — believed in the duality of the Deity until the creation of the Trinity by antichrist. However distorted their views of the character of the Supreme Being might be, this one truth, that God was Male and Female, still remained to them. It is an axiom even with the Chinese phi- losophers, that the world was created by the male and female principles. It remained for the smoke from the bottomless pit of antichristian, sin, ignorance and spiritual darkness to becloud and obscure this most beautiful, simple and self-evident of all truths. Mosheim, in his 'Ecclesiastical History,' says, that ' Theophilus, Bishop of Antioch, was the first who ever made use of the word Trinity to express the distinction of what divines call persons in the Godhead.' And Maclaine saith: 'The Christian Church is very little obliged to him for his invention. The use of this and other unscriptural terms, to which men attach either no ideas at all, or false ones, has wounded charity and peace without promoting truth and knowledge. It has produced heresies of the very worst kind.' Mosheim continues : ' There were deplorable divisions kindled, throughout the Christian world, on the subject of three persons in the Godhead. So that the Emperor Constantine, seeing the flames of controversy daily spreading through the empire, called the Council ot Nice to settle the question. At this council the Emperor — the great ' infallible' head of the Church — took one side, and, five months after, changed to the other; and the Trinity became an orthodox doctrine by vote and by authority.' And thus men have worshipped, and still worship, a triune monster, having no existence, and whose 'likeness' or 'image' does not exist, and therefore cannot be 'clearly seen' in any part of the universe of God, visible or invisible. All the religious sentiments of the ancients, whether written or oral, attest the principle of male and female in Deity. Not only do the Gentile records universally confirm this fact, but in the Hebrew writings and Scriptures also the same truth is maintained. — Ed.