LINCOLN AND STANTON By Cecilia Devyr Strange was their station, call'd to guide a strife That shook a continent from sea to sea ; To order death along the ranks of life, And wrap in flames the blessings yet to be. 'Twas- their's to speak the word of stern command That gave the inspiration to the hour, As if they knew an earnest spirit-band Sustain'd and aided every human power. They struck with deadly shafts the monstrous crime That fiends had fortified with walls of lies ; They made it feel the weight of judgment time In crimson earth, and more than crimson skies. They made the wrath of man conduce To aid the plans of Wisdom and of Love ; To turn the raging passions into use, They sent the Vulture to precede the Dove. 'Twas their's to make the red-mouth'd cannon speak, And call the warrior to his gory field; And it was their's to screen the low and meek, And be, for God, their guardians and their shield. When storms of fury swept across the land, We sought protection only from on high ; They broke the cloud, to show us Mercy's hand, And bade us on the Nation's heart rely. In faith we prayed that duty might be done; That Freedom might her heritage possess ; That peace and victory, through terrors won, Should ' come to stay,' and banish all distress. And is not prayer a focalizing power, To draw the fires of truth, to burn the dross ? Ah, well we proved it in that fearful hour When human vision saw but human loss. 'Twas not for party, nor for section proud, That Zion's ardent supplications rose ; But that the land should be with right endow'd, And God should his progressive laws disclose When hung the Proclamation's shining page All bright-triumphant for the world to feel, Then came the spirit of unconquer'd rage, And stamp'd it fiercely with a sable seal; And it became the death-decree of him Who was the instrument of hosts unseen, And then a passport through the valley dim, And through the gates that weighty forces screen. But Prophecy, the child of fervent prayer, Gave Zion light to view a future grand, And bade her faithfully herself prepare To aid the work immortal spirits plann'd. We saw the tears that mingled near and far Wash from that seal the blackness of its face ; And now it beams a brilliant changeless star, The pledge of freedom to an injured race. How gratefully our hearts recall that time ; How place we Btanton close by Lincoln's side Amid his toils, his sacrifice sublime, And 'neath the burdens of whose weight he died. One balmful thought, to which he oft referr'd, And drew its solace round his closing life, Was, that his heart compassionately heard The claims of Zion to be free from strife. Oh, not with hero-worshipers we bend ; But honor give to whom is honor due : Pray God to bless whoe'er will truth defend, While yet perchance ' they know not what they do.' Mt. Lebanon.