FORGIVENESS By Rhoda Blake Forgiveness is a lovely grace. Any one who can, in sincerity, say to an enemy, ' Thou art forgiven,' feels the peace of Heaven. Such possess the spirit of the dying Jesus, when he said 'Father forgive them, they know not what they do.' But, were the murderous designs of his persecutors changed by his tender words? Did his forbearance destroy their venom, or appease their cruel rage ? Ah, nay; but it was the crown of his own glory, and a lesson for all succeeding generations ! With sorrow, not malice, he viewed their unsubdued passions; and, while they reviled, he was tender and compassionate. The cross which He had borne proved effectual in that hour of trial and need, and he triumphed over that measure of death and hell which compassed his enemies How unlike was the spirit of those persecuting Jews, when compared with the Heavenly Dove spirit which the lovely Jesus possessed, which was genuine forgiving love. This power of forgiving love is gained by self-denial, watchfulness, and prayer, and flows from true principle ; it is not emotional, nor circumstantial, and will not flee the grasp when tried in the furnace of affliction. A. loving, forgiving spirit is not the companion of pride, hatred, and revenge; between them, there is no concord. The Christian spirit teaches love and forgiveness, not merely in word, but in deed, and possesses a healing power. When Jesus, through the anointing of the Christ Spirit which rested upon him, healed the sick, the halt and the blind, of their physical infirmities, his word to them was, ' Go and sin no more.' And now, the united voice (or word) of the dual Christ Spirit, which administers a healing power to sin sick souls, as well as to diseased bodies, is ' Deny self; take up the cross, and bear it; go, and sin no more.' In this, 'the two anointed ones'—Jesus and Ann — are our exemplars. Jesus, according to Sacred Writ, rejected the tempter when he promised all the kingdoms of the world to him, if he would serve him and bow down to the principles which constitute the world ; but he bade the tempter depart, and bowed his spirit in submission to the will of God. It would appear that the power of forgiveness, depends upon the co-operation of the forgiven, with the for giver. Peter said ' How often shall I forgive my brother ? till seven times ? Jesus answered, until seventy times seven.' Again, ' If thy brother trespass against thee seven times in a day, if he will repent, forgive him.' Sinning against humanity, and our own bodies, often arising from ignorance and force of circumstances, can more easily be forgiven, than sin, or rebellion against spiritual, divine light, given to guide and lift the soul into union and communion with God. This is called sinning against the Holy Grhost, or Holy Spirit. Those who thus sin to a great extent, do not often repent so deeply that forgiving love and power can reach them.— Mt. Lebanon.