SOUL PETRIFACTIONS By Giles B. Avery Petrifaction and death seem almost synonymous. ' The soul that sinneth shall die ' is a truth uttered from the mouth of God's prophets and witnessed to by the whole human fam- ily. Soul life is the beatific benediction conferred on man by the redeeming Gospel of Christ. 'A crown of life' 'Eternal life' is the bountiful reward of righteousness. Not long since we were reading of the petrifying wells of England. According to the statements of our author the waters of these wells are pure, clear and limpid in appearance, and pleasant to the taste; but, so charged with silicate of lime, that, as their spray rests upon an object exposed to the air, where the moisture becomes evaporated, they coat that object with stone; or, if it be porous, they charge the pores with stone, so that, in a few months, its whole substance becomes, as it were, changed to stone. The most delicate vegetables, as tiny mosses and flowers, exposed to the spray of these waters, are turned to stone; even bird's nests, and eggs — the germs of future life — become petrified! As on we read, and drink in the full sense of this narrative, our spiritual senses were quickened. A thrill of inspiring pleasure welled up in our heart, in the contemplation of our opportunities for the attainment of ' eternal life' flowing from the heavenly fountains of inspiration and love, and fever its wells of salvation and joyous blessings. The beautiful plants of gospel graces, cherished by these pure and living waters, appeared fresh and green, decked in vernal bloom and gorgeous beauty transporting to the senses of the Gos- pel Traveler, and filled us with raptures; and our spirit instinctively poured out praises to God that a soul life, capacitated to appreciate and drink up this inspiration, was vouchsafed to the pure in heart. Succeeding these transports of joy, a sadness indescribable seemed to pall our spirits as peering into the spiritual conditions and haunts of men, we saw myriad millions or our race whose souls were petrified with the stony waters from the wells of sinful worldly pleasure entombed in spiritual death! Many of these waters, like unto those of the petrifying wells of England, are pure to look upon, clear and limpid, pleasant to the taste, and cheering to the senses, but, alas! charged with soluble stone — limpid death —piercing every pore of the being and charging every fibre and sprig, yea, even the nowrets and germs of future spirit life, with death, — stone! Slowly, imperceptibly, but surely, petrifying the very soul itself, converting its lively sensibilities to stolid death. Changed to this petrifaction human beings could be, for a time, in the angelic society of the pure and good, who were quaffing inspiration from the overflowing wells of salvation — the fountains of life, and love, and heaven — and yet be utterly insensible to their bliss! And, if this insensibility to heaven be not hell, vainly is the spirit of man gifted with sensation. To those thus petrified by sinful pleasure, the most gorgeous flowers and luscious fruits of paradise were no better than the bitter apples on the slimy, murky beach of the sea of Sodom; all, all are without delight; for the perceptive faculties are entombed in stone! — stone so dense that repentant waters may not permeate the being. Hence, for such there is no forgiveness, as forgiveness is predicated on repentance. But these can only be relieved from their sarcophagus through sufferings of emptiness, hunger and solitude ; hence, though they eventually have a resurrection, it is not of life, but of condemnation; and their revival into spiritual life must be slow and painful, like the evolutions of soil from the granite rock. This condition is the result of sinning against light, and the knowledge of the truth! It is a warning to those that are at ease in Zion! — an admonition to those who sit in heavenly places, and bask in the sunbeams of truth — not to partake of the pleasures of sin, which petrify the powers of sensation. Soul life, — eternal life, — senses able to regale upon the odors of the flowers of heaven, and taste the sweetness of the fruits of Paradise ; to enjoy the melodies of the angel choirs, and drink up with gustation the wine 8HAKERE88. 19 of consolation newly expressed from the clusters of the heavenly vine, are alone the rewards of a virtuous Christian life of virgin purity! — Mount Lebanon. ' Infidelity ' or skepticism to the warring theology of Babylon, is one mark of a true Christian.