AMERICAN SLAVERY: THE WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE QUESTION — THE CASE OF SUSAN B. ANTHONY. The case of Susan B. Anthony, who was arrested on charge of illegally voting at Rochester, at the late presidential election, was before the United States District Court, Judge Hall presiding, at the city hall, yesterday. The court room was crowded with spectators, among whom were Miss Lydia Mott, Mrs. Jane Hoxsie, Miss Phoebe Jones, and other ladies. Judge Henry E. Selden, of the counsel for Miss Anthony, briefly recited the facts that at the late presidential election, held in the 29th congressional district, Miss Anthony appeared before the registration board and was registered, and at the election she appeared and cast her ballot, and it was received and counted the same as the others, and the cause and the sole cause of her arrest is, that she was a woman. If this proceeding is sanctioned, she will be punished simply because she is a woman. He asked her discharge because she had a constitutional right to offer her ballot and express her choice as to whom she desired for her rulers. The right of woman to vote is not an appropriate matter for consideration here. It is not claimed that, under the State constitution, Miss Anthony is entitled to vote ; such authority can only be found in the laws of the United States. He cited the first constitution and the 13th, 14th and 15th amendments in support of his position. He held that the 14th amendment, although the fact might have been overlooked by its constructor, gave to all citizens, whether men or women, the right to vote and hold office, and that therefore Miss Anthony, being a citizen under the constitution, in being taxed, etc., possessed all the rights and privileges of a citizen, together with the political right to hold office and vote ; and the constitution of the United States did not give to any State the right to restrict the right of suffrage. Mr. Selden's argument was quite lengthy and exhaustive. Judge Hall said he was of the opinion that Miss Anthony had no right to vote, and decided to discharge the writ of habeas corpus, but denied the application for her discharge from custody, and allowed the case to go before the supreme court of the United States, where he understood, they desired carrying it. Albany Express. Susan B. Anthony is, or she is not, a human being. If she is a human being, she may do wrong, and may be punished for that wrong under laws which she had no part in forming, and by executive officials of those laws, whom she had no voice, or choice, or vote, in electing. Is that republicanism, or is it Church and State slavery not yet abolished ?