As Cyrus, in his siege of Babylon, after finding that he... London Times As Cyrus, in his siege of Babylon, after finding that he could neither breach the walls nor successfully storm the gates, simply turned the river Euphrates, and, with his whole army marched in on its dry bed; and from the inside, himself opened the gates, so have the spiritualists turned the river of feeling and public opinion in England, respecting Spiritualism, by the report of this dialectical committee. And now the great gates of the city, the London Times, are actually opened. The hitherto silent 'Thunderer' did, last year, report a 'Shaker' lecture, that included Spiritualism, delivered in St. George's Hall, while it would not lisp one word of a preceding lecture delivered by Emma Hardinge on Spiritualism itself, in the same hall. To-day, its mouth and columns are thrown wide open, in the cause of modern supernaturalism, and the whole English press are sure to follow in its wake. The ' New Dispensation ' opened by the cotemporary and 'John Baptist' of Ann Lee — Emanuel Swedenborg — is progressing toward its destined ultimatum, a permanent and reliable means of communication between this earth and the spirit world, that will effect a radical revolution in all existing national and social systems, in Church and State, preparatory to the final unfoldment of two distinct orders. It was spiritualism that presaged the downfall of ancient external Babylon, in which a great assembly of her lords, her priesthood and savans, saw the supernatural hand, writing on the wall, at the time of their midnight revels, ' weighed in the balance and found wanting! ' Modern spiritualism is also perpetually prophesying the downfall of our mystical Babylon. Justice is holding the scales, and the disembodied souls of men and women in the spirit world, who, in their earth life, have suffered from, as they have partaken of, the evils and plagues of our modern Babylonish social system, are pronouncing and executing judgment. From the inner heavens the cry is heard, ' Come out of her my people that ye be not partakers of her sins and that ye receive not of her plagues.' In ancient Babylonia Cyrus found the then chosen people of God — the Jews — who had incorporated spiritualism as one of the elements of their system. Josephus records how the Jewish priesthood, issued from their temple and city in gorgeous religious procession, to meet the ' conquering hero,' who was marching upon them, they showed him his own name in their sacred writings, as a prophesy of the very events then transpiring of which himself was the principal — the chief actor. And he, having previously seen the procession in a vision, had been instructed how to treat them, as they had been supernaturally instructed how to receive Cyrus and his army.