SPIRITUALISM AID SCIENCE (Reprinted from the Times of December 26,1872.) It is now nearly twenty years since the late Professor Farraday made public the result of his investigations into the then fashionable mania of table-turning. With apparent conclusiveness, he proved that the mysterious movements which were at that time the new nine-days' wonder of the world, arose from unconscious muscular action ; but, such is the tenacity of a belief once received into the mind, this solution of the pseudo-marvel seems to have satisfied few but those who were pre- pared to accept it by previous disbelief. Spiritualism and its adherents never heeded it; they went on their way rejoicing, and rose day MONTHLY 18 SBCAKER A-INTD by day*on stepping-stones of their former selves to mysteries wonderful and still more wonderful. Our Australian correspondence of this morning shows that the spiritualist epi- demic has reached the Antipodes, and that it has already attained the dignity there of hav- ing its own Press, and, still more, its own schismatics and sectarians. That in a generation which boasts itself to be one of exact science and plain matter-of-fact, a belief should have been so long-lived, and should have grown even to such proportions that Mr. William Howitt, one of its chief fanatics, can number its adherents at ' twenty millions,' and that it should have attained to such an age and vitality without its falsity having been demonstrated to the satisfaction of all but the very ignorant, is strange indeed. It is evident either that the subject is surrounded by unusual difficulties, or that in this matter our scientific men have signally failed to do their duty by the public, which looks to them for its facts. We believe the latter to be the case. It may be said, and is said by some, that spiritualism was long ago investigated and proved to be a mass of imposture and delusion ; but, as a matter of fact, this is not so, for there has never been undertaken an inquiry of that impartial, authoritative, and thorough nature which alone can decide a prejudiced controversy. Our savans, too much preferring to give themselves up to such matters as the descent of men from monkeys or the fertilization of the world by means of mossy stones falling through space, have forgotten that, however absurd the phenomena and paraphernalia of spiritualism may be, the sifting and settling of the whole matter, once and for all, would be a practical benefit, for which the age would thank them at least as much as it thanks them for recondite theories and abstract speculations, half of which are only laid up in print for the next generation to ridicule. Mr. Home himself attended at one of the meetings, and gave evidence as to his ' levitations 'and.' elongations,' relating among other marvels, the generally-known story of a seance at the Tuilleries. He tells us of a lady who was in the habit of seeing ' heads in her lap at night. They were quite luminous ; there was quite a glow about them.' The Master of Lindsay, now Lord Lindsay, and well known for his various scientific knowledge and researches, deposes to have seen Mr. Home elongated eleven inches, floating round a room in an arm-chair, ' pushing the pictures out of their places as he passed along the walls ' of a room at Mr. Milner Gibson's house. Lord Lindsay also testifies to Mr. Home having floated out of a window in Victoria street eighty-five feet from the ground, and in at another on the same story. He has seen Mr. Home in full light standing in the air seventeen inches from the ground. Mr. Gr. H. Lewes, in a letter, full of sound maxims, cautioned the committee not to confound ' the cause we do not know with an unknown cause ;' and Professor Tyndall was willing to ' pay due respect to the invitation of such men as Mr. Wallace or Mr. Crookes, and to witness whatever new phenomena they were in a position to show him.' Mr. G. H. Lewes gave golden advice when he said, ' Distinguish between facts and inferences from facts.' Mr. William Howitt asked whether the Dialectical Society, after having determined the truth of spiritualism which had ' now received the assent of about twenty millions of people in all countries,' would proceed to investigate tho correctness of the theory of the Copernican system, of gravita- tion, or of the circulation of the blood; for spiritualism, he considered, ' stood fairly on the same basis of fact.' These extracts from its pages may serve better than any thing else to give our non-spiritualistic readers some idea of the marvelous proportions to which the faith, which at first was a mere turning of tables, has swollen in these latter days. Such was the Report on Spiritualism, and our readers will probably agree that, if it proves nothing else, it proves that it is high time competent hands undertook the unravel- ing of this Gordian knot. It must be fairly and patiently unraveled, and not cut through. The slash of an Alexandrian blade has been tried often enough, and has never sufficed. Scientific men forget that in the matter of Spiritualism they must make themselves fools that they may become wise. They must conform to the conditions imposed; even in con- juring one has to do as much as this. They must meet the ' mediums' on their own ground, and, if possible, cut that ground from under their feet. To take an extreme case, Spiritualists assert that certain phenomena are only manifested in a half light, or in the dark; scientific men refuse to meet them under these conditions, and what is the result ? Causes are not ascertained, delusions are not exposed, impositions are not detected, and the company of fools are confirmed in their belief. Surely a scientific man is a match for a me- dium, even in the dark; and surely the one can bring his science to bear wherever the other can bring his ' mediumship,' whatever that may be ! We will suppose that the man of science consents to sit at a dark seance, and that something happens which he cannot explain. What then ? He is not compromised or converted, and, without being in the least so, may go again and again, and it will be strange if by dint of precautions and expedients he cannot sift the whole matter in a very few sittings. It is owing to the stiffness of scientific men, and their refusal to meet the Spiritualists on their own ground, that this matter has not been settled long ago.' Thus is the wisdom of the wise confounded and their worldly greatness humbled. Mother Ann said, while in vision, 'I see souls in the world of spirits who have lately set out to embrace the gospel, and I see them under the beautiful operations of the power of God. I saw Ezekiel Goodrich flying from one heaven to another.' She spake of another soul who had 'risen from the dead and come into the first heavens, and was traveling on to the second and third heavens.' All of which goes to show that, while there may be chemistry, astronomy and even spritualism, without Christianity, there can be no Christianity without spiritualism, ancient and modern. ' These signs shall follow.' They shall lay hands on the sick and heal them, as truly as did Jesus and his apostles, and do many wonderful and good works, under the head of Christian Spiritualism. — Ed.