REST By Florinda Sears There is a rest for the people of God. In days gone by — those days of which we read in the New Testament when Jesus and the Apostles received the Christ, and by the power of the Father were commissioned to preach salvation — brother Paul, in his epistle to the Hebrews, after wisely philosophizing on the subject, declared, ' There remaineth a rest for the people of God.' Learned divines have used this text, calling upon their hearers to believe on the man Jesus, and thus insure to themselves this promised rest. But, notwithstanding the darkness, the true light has dawned upon us and a star of hope is arising. Who, from a distance, or within the precincts of our home, will solve the problem, and divine how this rest which still remaineth for the people of God is to be entered? Brother Paul further says: ' He that hath entered into that rest hath also ceased from his own works.' Thus it would appear we must become ' new creatures, new brothers, new sisters, new fathers, and new mothers; ' that is, spiritual or heavenly beings, instead of continuing earthly and natural. Again, our New Testament brother rejoices, inasmuch as ' we have not a high priest who cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are yet without sin.' Why do we flatter ourselves that the promised rest can be obtained in any other than a sinless condition ? Then let all enlightened spiritual Christians ' come boldly to the throne of grace, that they may obtain mercy and the remission of sin, by confession, as did Jesus and Ann, by the confession of their faults, ere they received the anointing, or the Christ, which constituted them the saviours of the world. Those who thus enter the promised rest are God's people. To them the fires of hell are quenched, and they fear no torment, no judgment to come; their lives being 'hid in Christ' with Jesus and Ann. They are the virgins who follow them whithersoever they go; for they are no longer of the number who are ' like the troubled sea, whose waters cannot rest.' We may therefore conclude that the people of God, in the highest sense, are those who really and practically live the nearest to Him, by letting the Adamic life pass away that they may become ' new creatures,' actuated by the Spirit of Christ, as the life of God in their souls. Such will feel no more sorrow nor sighing—the fruits of sin and wrong-doing. — Mt. Lebanon.