ENGLISH SPIRITUALISM 'It does move.' The contest that is raging in England between Protestant skeptics and Spiritualists in relation to supernatural events, is not generally known by Americans, both parties being firm believers in the principles involved, and in the facts produced by them in the past. The Church of England and its sectarists, are continually and persistingly teaching faith in the 'miracles' and spiritualistic phenomena of former ages, and in preceding dispensations. Spiritualists, while adhering to that belief, add thereunto faith in the recurrence and occurrence, in our own day and generation, of all the supernatural phenomena of former times; as recorded in authentic writings or scriptures of the Jews and Christians; and not excluding similar reliable records by other races and nations, whether so recorded in or outside of their Bibles. The spiritualists are waging an aggressive war, and have made repeated onslaughts against the established Church of England and her daughters, the 'dissenting' sects, as they lay intrenched behind the scientists, headed by Prof. Farraday, and with somewhat a similar chance of success that Lord Cardigan possessed when he ' rode into the jaws of death' with his intrepid 'six hundred.' The British press, like the walls of ancient Babylon, surrounding all other institutions, have pursued a system of masterly-inactivity tactics — dogged silence. It has stood immovable in its towering contempt, presenting to Spiritualists a front impregnable and unassailable with any hope of success. Some two years ago, the u London Dialectical Society ' was formed, composed of about thirty-six distinguished, learnedly — scientific men, with the avowed purpose ot ' laying ' all the spirits that had been ' conjured up ' by the Spiritualists. After attending seances and critically examining the modern supernatural manifestations (a fair and rational mode of procedure, and the very one the Church and its sects should have adopted), the result is, itself, the most wonderful of all hitherto publicly known spiritual phenomena. For these thirty-six scientists, under the lead of H. G-. Atkinson Esq., F. G. S., having spent two years attending the seances of thirty-two of the most distinguished Spiritualists, beginning with Emma Hardinge and ending with Home, the aristocratic medium, thus report: ' Tour committee, taking into consideration the high character and great intelligence of many of the witnesses to the more extraordinary facts, the extent to which their testimony is supported by the reports of the sub-committees, and the absence of any proof of imposture or delusion as regards a large portion of the phenomena: and, further, having regard to the exceptional character of the phenomena, the large number of persons in every grade of society and over the whole civilized world, who are more or less influenced by a belief in their supernatural origin, and to the fact that no philosophical explanation of them has yet been arrived at, deem it incumbent upon them to state their conviction that the subject is worthy of more serious attention and careful investigation than it has hitherto received.' The statements of witnesses are given at length, embracing an accurate description, amplified by cross-examination, of some of the most remarkable phenomena which have been witnessed. This important evidence may be thus summarized: 1. Thirteen witnesses state that they have seen heavy bodies — in some instances men — rise slowly in the air, and remain there for some time, without visible or tangible support. 2. Fourteen witnesses testify to having seen hands or fingers, not appertaining to any human being, but life-like in appearance and mobility, which they have sometimes touched, or even grasped, and which they are therefore convinced were not the result of imposture or illusion. 3. Five witnesses state that they have been touched by some invisible agency on various parts of the body, and often, when requested, when the hands of all present were visible. 4. Thirteen witnesses declare that they have heard musical pieces well played upon instruments not manipulated by any visible agency. 5. Five witnesses state that they have seen red-hot coal applied to the hands or heads of several persons without producing pain or scorching. 6. Eight witnesses state that they have received precise information through rappings, writings, and in other ways, the accuracy of which was unknown at the time to themselves or to any persons present, and which, on subsequent inquiry, was found to be correct. 7. Three witnesses state that they have been present when drawings, both in pencil and colors, were produced in so short a time, and under such conditions as to render human agency impossible. 8. Six witnesses declare that they have received information of future events, and that in some cases the hour and minute of their occurrence have been accurately foretold days, and even weeks before. The work also contains communications, letters and statements from many persons.'