THE WASTE BASKET! That bug-bear of impecunious writers of newspaper articles, the receptacle of the effusions of many ambitious aspirants for cheap notoriety, to you, poor suffering humanity, is much indebted. Among newspaper and magazine writers of all descriptions and grades there is a continuous striving to excel in making all of their articles agreeable and readable. It is a positive necessity that their productions shall tickle the public taste. It is a matter of bread and butter to them. No editor in the world would think for an instant of publishing an ill-written article, no matter how great the truth advanced. Though he may treasure the idea, and, at a future time, produce it in a more acceptable form, still the original is flung ignominiously into the Waste Basket. Disagreeable matters of news, police items, etc., are worked into as pleasant a shape as possible. It is the righteous fear of the Waste Basket, and the consequent diminution of the means of living, that brings matters of fact and fancy to us in a piquant, pithy form. By this same benefactor of mankind are we saved from the infliction of numberless wretched love stories with the inevitable conclusions. So ought we not to recognize in the Waste Basket, an institution proper of every sanctum editorial, the wholesome dread of which makes us brush up our memories for the almost forgotten rules of punctuation and rhetoric ? Then long live the Waste Basket! and let us unite in keeping this appendage of the ' Shaker and Shakeress' full to repletion. We shall find on trial, that the more we write, the better we write. Write an article for every issue, for a year, and let them all be consigned to the Waste Basket; still, be not discouraged ; for an idea in some one of them may suggest a train of thought to another mind, the expression of which may be fraught with value to mankind. I close with a promise and a wondering; a promise to do the share of one at least in this direction, and a wondering as to the company amongst which this article will find itself, when consigned to the ' WasteBasket.' E