[ From the Irish.] THE BLOOD Sii thousand years after his era began, The astonishing fact was discovered by man, That the blood in his body does not remain still, But rushes along like the race from a mill. Certain vessels called arteries, hidden within The body, conduct from the heart to the skin, While others called veins throughout every part Of the system conduct from the skin to the heart. The heart every instant gets flll'd with new blood, Prepar'd as you'll see, from the air and the food ; And this new blood is driven throughout the whole frame, As from a force-pump by the force of the same. The blood in its passage leaves everywhere Some of what it has got from the food and the air, Which is all taken up, ere a moment be gone, To replenish the tissue, the fat and the bone. Throughout the whole structure—bone, muscle, orskin — Where the arteries end the veins begin, And changing its colour from red blood to black, The blood enters the veins and is so carried back. When the old blood arrives by the veins at the heart, It is mixed and churned up in a chamber apart, With a thick milky fluid, nutritious and good, Which the stomach and bowels have drawn from the food. It is then driven off by a similar force To the lungs,where the air cells receive it, in course; Where at every breath it takes up through the skin The material parts of the air within. Thus regenerate, vigorous, lusty and red, And once more forced back on its fountain head, To the artery chamber it rushes amain, And is ready to start upon service again. What we get from the air is equal in weight To what we derive from the food which we eat; But what we breathe out, I must tell you once more, Is of poisons the worst, as I told you before. In a much clearer light you now may perceive What it's hoped you'll hold fast and devoutly believe, That for health and enjoyment the very best fare Is the soundest of food and the purest of air. Then show that you value your blood and your skin, Remove every nuisance without or within ; Obey all the iaws that are made to that end, And regard the inspector of health as your friend. If your house has a taint, employ in good time Either carbolic acid or chloride of lime ; But of all disinfectants the earth is the best — Smells covered by earth are for ever at rest. With all these precautions don't fear any harm, And yield to no panic or foolish alarm ; When the enemy comes, be brave but prepared — Survey your defenses and stand on your guard!