TO THE EDITRESS By Emma Jane Neal There is a line of demarcation between those who live a worldly life, and the practical believer in Christ. One of the apostles said, ' If ye be risen with Christ, set your affections on things above, for ye are dead (to the world), and your life is hid with Christ in God.' It seems difficult for persons outside of a Shaker community to see and comprehend the source of our supplies ; therefore they cannot believe that within the precincts of our home there is aught but monotony, a dull round of duties ; and they do not see how the great and growing desire for change, and what is called pleasure, can be satisfied, especially in those who are full of young life. „, We are two-fold beings—have outward senses of hearing, seeing, etc., with which we hear and see external things, which, if not abused, are a blessing to us in our earth life. We also have spiritual organs corresponding to the natural. If we use the external to the exclusion of the internal, then all our enjoyment must be derived from the sensuous ; but if the spiritual senses are developed, and we learn to commune with angels, and with them climb the immortal hills of truth, and roam in the ever-verdant fields where we can cull flowers that will not fade, and gather heavenly fruit that is sweet to the taste, then we feel joy of enduring worth, and pleasure that will never die. If we fill the Christian character, we shall neither joy nor sorrow as do those who live a worldly life ; but I am an admirer of the beautiful in nature, from which we may take useful lessons ; and I think an occasional change of air and scenery is conducive to physical health; yet we do not find comforts or pleasures abroad that equal those of our own home and its surroundings. I recently took a trip into a north-western county of New York State, and I send to you a few lines which I penned on that occasion. Do with them as you think proper. Our journey was performed partly by rail and coach, and partly by boat down the winding stream known as the Sacandaga. The scenery was wild, but varied and beautiful. Our little bark lay tethered to the shore, Which soon would bear us down the winding stream, Mid scenes beyond the skill of man to paint. Earth's verdant carpet now we tread with care Unto the water's brink. All things arranged, the signal given, we move. A thrill of mingled joy and fear pervades The mind, as o'er the laughing stream we glide But soon our trusting hearts the nerve relieves As in our worthy pilot we confide, And, giving up our minds to nature's gaze, Sweet inspiration fills the quickened tho't With themes sublime from her vast book of lore. 0 erring man, puff'd up with vain conceit Of thy superior worth, take lessons From the wild-wood's beauty ; rare, sublime, it Breathes perpetual praise, an offering free, A grateful recompense for gifts bestowed, Outvying all thy feeble skill can give. The massive heights o'er which the wild deer bounds, Stand forth as monuments of silent praise, Save when the huntsman's gun doth echo there, Or cry of wild beasts rend the nightly air; These, these alone thy sacred precincts mar. O nature fair ! enchanted with thy views, Thy broad expanse where meekly thou dost weave, In solemn stillness, rarest patterns pure, Of taste exquisite, wrought by skillful art, Without a boast of thy achievements great. The Author of thy gifts my soul adores. And, like the wild bird in thy temple pure, On freedom's pinions let my soul take flight, Far from the haunts of man's ambition vain, There my small tribute offer at thy shrine — Unsoiled by vice which often treads the aisles Of sacred temples rear'd by human art, And from thy teachings learn henceforth to act In life's great drama with untiring zeal, Not for ambition's weak and worthless prize, But, like Thee, offering simple, pure and free, God-given powers to bless humanity. Thus, while we're wafted on thy bosom calm, Thou placid stream, winding 'mid verdure fair Through smiling fields and circling lofty mounts, Let these sweet hours their hallowed impress make Upon my life when cares and toils surround. In true reflection may I oft recall, And drink from memory's spring the same sweet bliss Which fills my soul with tranquil thoughts of Heaven. — Mt. Lebanon.