PURE IN HEART By Josephine Deming Jesus said ' Blessed are the pure in heart; for they shall see God.' See Him where and how? We behold His handiwork in the outward visible creation. The sunbeam, and the tiny flower — the grasses and fruits — the trees with their lofty waving branches — and the murmuring rill, as well as the mighty surging ocean — all bespeak a great producing cause. We admire the beauties of Nature, and through them adore the Wisdom that formed them, and the hand of Love that gave them as gifts to humanity. But there is a consciousness in our hearts, that a deeper sense of God is needed; that the outward senses, even if properly directed, cannot supply the inward cravings of the soul. We must draw nigh unto Him in spirit, and so thoroughly purify our hearts from all that is sinful and vain, that we can commune with heavenly Messengers, who are sent unto us from spirit spheres to quicken into more life, and produce in us more purity of heart, that we may have still clearer perceptions of God. This alone can satisfy the unutterable longings in the human soul, for the Heavenly Father's blessing, and the love and tender care of a Heavenly Mother. And when we receive this sweet influence, our hearts go out in love to our brother and sister in Christ, in whom the image of the Divine is found; and thus we see God in man and in woman, the crowning work of his hands, in a higher and more spiritual sense, than in any mere external thing. Purity is the basis of all true and enduring friendship. What is there in all of God's creation so noble as Man, when he stands uprightly, showing forth the image in which he was created? And what being so lovely as Woman, when really pure in heart'? Then why should we not see God in them, and reverence Him there ? What can give greater happiness than to be loved and cherished by them, and to dwell in their presence and partake of their heavenly influence ? Blessed indeed are the pure in heart! They dispense light, love, and comfort to all around them; and I would gather to such, and learn to be like them — beautiful in spirit — lowly in heart —¦ and free from all contamination of a worldly, selfish life. — Whitewater, Ohio.