DIALOGUE THE GOSPEL WORK — ITS PRESENT AND FUTURE INCREASE MARGARET PATTERCHARLOTTE BYRDSON. SALL. ANN OFFORDD. MELISSA SOUL and MARTHA ANDERSON. MARGARET CLEVELAND Martha.— We hail this year, 1872, as the Twelfth Celebration of our Social Gathering, and as the centenary of the opening of the Gospel. In reviewing the past, from the first stages of the work to the present time, we find much that is interesting and instructive to the thoughtful and observing mind, and encouraging and hopeful to those whose aspirations are spiritually directed. I propose to trace the onward progress of a system which, though small in its beginning, embodied the germs of scientific, moral and spiritual knowledge, which, by culture and growth, would become widespread — a revelation of truth that was and is destined to shake the foundations of the old heavens and earth, and bring to perfection a plan of true harmonial development for humanity. We who are in the enjoyment of the good that has been accumulated and conserved by the consecrated lives of those who were pio- neers in the cause, with their faithful successors, can testify to the permanency and validity of those principles which constitute a solid basis for a life in which the nobler faculties and God-like attributes of mind and soul can be unfolded, and, through the influences of increasing truth, rise to the altitudes of heavenly perfection which the Creator designed all intelligent progressive beings should occupy. Margaret P.— Are you not mistak en in this being the centennial year ? I thought it was not until eighteen hundred and seventyfour. Martha.— I referred to the revelation in England, not to the actual occurrence in America. Am I not right in the assertion ? ANN.— You are. Mother Ann (Lee) received a baptism from the Christ sphere in seventeen hundred and seventy, when confined in prison, on account of her advanced religious ideas. During her imprisonment she had a clear conception of the loss of mankind, and of the only means that would resurrect them into a higher life. For the space of two years, and amid great persecution, she openly bore her testimony against a generative life for Christians ; then she received a revelation of the work in America; and in seventeen hundred and seventy-four, by the aid of Divine power, she, with her little band of eight souls, was enabled to leave the shores of the eastern continent, and through the guidance of the spirit of truth, was led to this land of freedom where liberty of conscience is enjoyed. ' For liberty is the soul's right to breathe, and, where it cannot take a long breath, laws are girdled too tight.' Char.— What you have said is in accordance with our record. While listening to Mar. tha's expressed thoughts a desire for the increase and spread of this pure Gospel was stirred anew within my heart. With her I would turn and return the pages of this celestial work, and bring to open reflective view the increased outgrowth of Mother's pure Gospel. We should be immortal teachers to mortals, developing to external and internal glory, that nature whereon is enstamped the seal of God. Mel.— We will note the progress of this Church, and, as we traverse the recesses of truth, strive to let the blinding scales fall from spirit eye-sight, that all who see and hear may be edified and encouraged in the upbuilding and sustaining of a cause, noble in its purpose, refining in its character, and angelic and eternal in its life. Mar. C.— What need was there of a Second appearing of Christ, when Jesus brought forth and promulgated a systenji of truth which alone was sufficient for human redemption'? Mar. P.— How could he, without the aid of the Mother Spirit, bring forth a perfect system of truth that would redeem the race ? Ann.— He could not. He did not commu- nicate all the truth that was revealed to him, and which governed His own life ; surround- ing conditions would not admit of it. He said to even his nearest companions, ' 1 have many things to tell you, but ye are not able to bear them now ; when I am gone hence I will send the Comforter,' etc., whjch was undoubtedly the Mother Spirit, the esse of love. Mel.— Do we understand that the Christ is a direct unction from the Supreme, or from the highest order of spirits, who stand as mediatorial agents for the revelation of those exalted truths which will uplift souls from the generative life into the angelic and divine ? Char.— The Christ baptism came from the highest order of spirits, who are as Saviours, lights to other worlds, sons and daughters of the seventh sphere, or Heaven; the only redemptive agents and mediators between supreme goodness and souls in this and in other worlds. Mar. C.— By other worlds, do you mean planets? It is true that scientific discovery lias led to the conclusion that they are composed of material substances similar to this earth, and are inhabited by mortal beings who are adapted to their varied climates. Sir William Herschel said, ' It would be no more foolish for a man to build twenty houses and only have one inhabited, than it would have been for the Creator to frame myriads of worlds similar to this (and in many respects excelling it), and then have only this one little dusty ball peopled with rational, intelligent beings V But, do you suppose they are fallen and need redemption's work, as we all admit the inhabitants of this world do ? Char.— By other worlds, I mean the six successive spheres or worlds, preceding the seventh, and also the planets, the inhabitants of which, whether fallen or unfallen, need the influence of the same spiritual agencies to unfold in them (as natural beings), the seed buds of eternal life. As was once remarked with inspired power, ' Mankind, whether fallen or unfallen, need the mighty power of God to resurrect them from the natural into the spiritual.' Martha.— It is a broad and liberal system of theology that admits such universal dissemination. A grand and lofty thought, the acme of which is the converging of all souls to one harmonious Center — Eternal Wisdom and love, the Creative Source of the universe of mind and matter. Mar. P.— Christ signifies anointing. It was this Anointing Spirit that inspired the Witnesses of former days when they prophesied of the millennium, and uttered many truths in advance of the knowledge and life of the people. The divine unction has also rested upon the successors of Mother Ann, spiritually qualifying them (in the order of leadership), to administer the Gospel in its power, and increase to other souls. Ann. — Ancient philosophy taught that there was but ' one God, the Father of all;' and its numerous deities were intermediate spirits employed as agents, for God was too pure to be approached by mortals. This ancient religion or theology is identical with ours, and we may consider all religions as merely progressive steps, by which the human understanding has developed itself in every time and place, and will continue to develop itself in the future. Mel.— May we not conclude that the evident design of the ' second appearing' was to reveal the female in Christ ? Its intent also was progress, as prophesied by Isaiah : ' To the order and beauty of Christ's king- dom, in the latter day, there would be no end.' Mar. C. — Eternal progress ! beautiful thought. No popish or protestant creed, or thwarting priestly power could check its cousee; but pure and simple in its unfoldings, it guided Mother and her little band to this land of freedom, to establish a Church that was too universal in its religious sentiments to find continued existence under the combined Church-and-State government of England. Martha.— Then we believe that the Shaker Order holds a closer union to, and more abiding relations with, the American government, than does any other organized church to its government ? Char.— We do. The effect of the American revolution was the institution of a republican form of government, which entitled all to an equal right in political and religious belief. Thus America became the land of free thought and free speech, as J. M. Peebles 22 8HAKEEES8. writes: 'A land where the people, conscious of their God-given rights, and cringing before no cowled priests, feel themselves ' sovereigns.'' This prepared the way for the organization of the Shalcer Church (in America) where the unadulterated principles of Christianity were recognized and wrought out in the daily lives of its members. Hence the product of this Republican Government was the estab- lishment of a spiritual government, moving in a corresponding line with the regulations of the civil polity, yet exceeding it in purity and holiness, although the interior order will be dependent for its increase of members upon the outward order. The progressive advance of religious ideas, the rising wave of spiritual thought, and the wide diffusion of the holy teachings, and principles evolved by wisdom in the civil government, are the fruits of this union. And, as far as republican principles are diffused and acknowledged, so far will the abstract principles of true Christianity be extended, until all shall see and own their truth and validity. The growth of freedom and progressive rights which belong to humanity are embodied in both. No sectarian creed, or fearful priestly symbol harass the soul, or make it a subject of terror by arbitrary laws ; but true liberty is ensured to all who nobly and uprightly maintain the just principles upon which these two institutions are founded. Thus we see the civil and religious governments advancing toward a genuine union; and the Christian Church, established upon a true foundation, will be blessed and protected by the civil government, and they will co-operate and work harmoniously together, while the superior law in the spiritual order will be as a guide to the earthly order; and both standing in relation to true principles, will toil in harmony with God's creation, in the cultivation of the soil, and the hills and dales will unite with those who work the work of God. Mar. P.—You have clearly portrayed the relation that will exist in the future between the civil and religious governments, when woman shall not be excluded from her right to aid in purifying and sustaining the constitution and laws of the natural order (which right is fully awarded her in the spiritual order). As this should precede and be as a light outside, we know the day will yet dawn when woman's voice and influence will be blest by the Republic, even as it is in the Temple of Christ's second appearing. Ann.— That will be a glorious day, Margaret; but you are rather fast; you are foretelling the joys of the future. Let us go back to the past, and from that rise to the present, then to the future, as was our intention in this conversation. Mar. C.— Was Mother's testimony a new revelation, or was it a revival of the principles of the Primitive Church, with an increase of spiritual life and power ? Mel.— The principles of truth vary in power and strength, according to the growth of mind, and Mother's testimony, with increased revelation, was a revival of the same principles. Thus, the standard of truth was raised higher, with an increase of self-denial. Martha.— Great and truthful principles have outlived generations, traditions and corruptions, and have descended to us in the trans- cendent light of their heavenly origin. ' All good cometh from God, the source of light and perfection.' Important and elevating truths, manifested through chosen mediums and wit- nesses (and designed for humanity's good) through past periods, have often been miscon- strued, and seemingly perverted, by coming in contact with those corrupt influences which result from man's lost condition, and, through his inability to perceive, or unwillingness to accept and apply them practically, they have, for a time, been turned from a free and effective course. 'But truth,although crushed to earth shall rise again ;' and, however deeply it may be buried in the debris of error, it shall be brought forth by the agency of that Almighty power, which overrules all things, to shine untarnished in the lustre of its divine light. Mar. P.— We must not overlook the fact, that in the formation and regulation of the Church, much suffering was endured. Souls consecrated to truth freely gave their lives for those who should succeed them in future generations. We who are now in a greater fullness of gospel blessings do not comprehend or realize the depths of sorrow which often overwhelmed their spirits. Mar. C.—And in this our day, many, not appreciating that fullness of blessing, would conceive the idea of great personal disadvantages and trial. This feeling arises from a lack of consecration and devotion to gospel communistic interests. We possess much greater strength with which to bear life's needful burdens, and carry forward a noble and glorious spiritual work, than when, in Mother's time, only eight souls were with her to sustain and minister the truth. We are surrounded with gospel relations, and number eighteen established societies (and bright spots they form in this broad free land of America), and, if there were in each society but one individual, true and faithful to gospel principles, would there not be more mediums for imparting the strength of virtue and the worth of goodness, than in Mother's time? (To be continued.)