SHAKERESS: FREEDOM OF THOUGHT A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS In days of yore we had so much veneration for our sires and grandsires, and such entire confidence in their opinions, that we felt safety in thinking and believing much as they thought and believed. Occasionally an erratic individual would venture to strike out for him or herself an independent course of action; but such were sure, while striving to get the wheels of their car of progress out of the old ruts in which they had been accustomed to run, to feel the strong pressure of conservative public opinion. This was grievous to bear. But times are gradually changing, and conservatism is yielding to the progressive tendencies of the age. All now claim the right to think and act freely for themselves, independent of the past. Human ideality of to-day is raising a higher standard of truth and right to gather around; for the present generation is reaping the benefit of the ripest experiences of the most coherent thinkers and philosophers of former ages, which is of priceless worth; and may be profitably used as auxiliaries to present superior attainments. The present is so closely allied to the past that, as seen in vision by the prophet Ezekiel, ' The wings of the living creature,' which rolled forward the wheels of progress in the past, touch the wings of the living spirit which is at work in the same direction to-day. There is no break in the march of progression. ' The living creatures ' of each dispensation move straight forward ; ' they turn not as they go.' We live in an analytic age. By the accelerated action of the brain, ideas are increased, minds are expanded and go deeper into cause and effect than at any previous time; and reason, as a God-given power to humanity, asserts her right to the throne, in matters relating to the theological views and religious sentiments, as really and freely as in natural science. The civil polity protects all lawabiding citizens in the exercise of perfect liberty of conscience, and guards the rights of all persons, irrespective of nation or color, in their theology and religion. The American flag, wherever seen, is an ensign of human freedom. As it floats in the breeze, it inspires hope and gives promise to all people of a glorious emancipation from bondage, civil and ecclesiastical. Under this banner have arisen the Shaker Societies, constituting the most unpopulai body of professing Christians of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. Their radical testimony against all sinful indulgences, teaches that those who do not deny all sensual pleasures — all the lusts of the flesh and mine — must suffer in their own bodies and souls the penalty of every violated law, irrespective of the meritorious vicarious sufferings o Jesus of Nazareth. These Shakers, who, from deep religious conviction, subject themselves to stern selfdiscipline, are now beginning to be heard. Thousands who do not feel prepared to walk with them in full communion personally, who cannot say, 'Not my will, but Thine 0 God be done,' and thus consecrate their all of person and property, do nevertheless rejoice in those who throw themselves into the burning crucible of spiritual and religious truth, that they may thereby become purified and reflect the image of the heavenly Refiner. They, too, will help uplift humanity to a state of moral rectitude on the earth plane. In blessing they will be blest by higher intelligences, and by progressive degrees will eventually be led by the spirit of truth up to the plane of spiritual life, to unite with those who are forming the angelic character. Many of this class look hopefully on, and anxiously await the coming of our little ' Monthly,' to learn if it is well with us, and to see if the star of hope is still brightly beaming over our pathway, which leads to the heavenly home, the ' city which hath foundations whose builder and maker is God.' While in the present, as in the past, we realize that 'struggle is the condition of victory,' and that only ' through conflict can deliverance come,' we yet say, God be praised! Our ' reward is with us,' and we feel that Heaven's blessing rests upon our labors, and that truly ' the lines have fallen to us in pleasant places.'