PENALTY vs. TRANSGRESSION By Nicholas Briggs Believing that God is just, and that strict justice will be impartially awarded to all his creatures, we confidently anticipate reward for faithful obedience to his known behests, and corresponding punishment for transgression. The law of penalty and the law of recompense are co-existent; a comfort to the virtuous ; a terror to the vicious. They are inex- orable laws, governing our moral and spiritual as they govern our physical being. They do not well who ignore retribution for sin, or at least imply as much in their specious arguments ; and while we may respect the sincerity of their motives, we must condemn the sophistry and deplore its influence. Rogues and libertines find eminent satisfaction in the idea that future punishment is a myth — an antiquated notion. We rejoice that ecclesiastical thunder no more terrifies the masses ; that the dogmatism of fanatical religionists, and the arbitrary creeds of pseudo-reformers, no longer fetter the minds of intelligent men and women. We hail, with infinite pleasure, the era of free thought and speech ; but every Christian, every true lover of mankind who desires to behold virtue as the acme of all aspiration, would have philosophy and science co-operate with religion in ameliorating the condition of our race. Inevitably we are social beings. Our destinies are as closely interwoven as the twigs of the climbing vine. Being virtuous ourselves we breathe purity on our brother and sister, who are therefore made better and happier for our existence. We illuminate the little world in which we move with a holy light that pierces the dark places, turning gloom and despair into beautiful hope and trust. Our conversation is elevating and soul-inspiring, and our daily life gives tone and color and health to society. But when men are low, and gross, and sensual, this influence is deadly poison, infectious and contagious ; a moral Upas, near which no good thing can thrive. Bad men draw down society to their own level, and fiendishly exult in defacing the image of God; but this exultation is succeeded by remorse for the suffering and ruin they have caused, and despair at their own degradation. They have condign punishment, a veritable hell, grim and terrible. ' The present is hell, and the coming tomorrow adds new torture to the curse of today.' In further elucidation of our subject, we will present a little parable. A poor man receives notification from a distant country that, by appearing in person within a specified time, he may become the possessor of sufficient wealth to render him comfortable for life. He succeeds in obtaining money with which to prosecute his journey, and embarks with bright anticipations for the future. On the way, through cruel robbery, his little all is lost, and the delay thus occasioned is fatal to his bright hopes, for, by his non-appearance the property passes into other hands. Formerly he had managed, by dint of industry and economy, to eke out a comfortable subsistence; but now the disastrous disap- pointment proves too great for him, and he turns to intoxicating drinks to forget his sorrow. The robber, the author of all this trouble, is at last touched with remorse, and seeking his victim, tenders in full the amount of which he had despoiled him, penitently expressing sorrow and asking forgiveness. The injured man replies: ' Restore me wealth, which through you I lost — honor and position in society, which but for you I might now be enjoying. You are the cause of all my misery ; restore me, therefore, to happiness, ere I forgive you.' The application and relevancy of this supposed case are apparent. If a man deviate from the straight road to Heaven's Kingdom, he may, by carefully retracing every false step, regain the true path ; and though he find himself behind his former comrades, and the loser of much valuable time, still the misfortune is confined to himself, and he has done no injury to other souls. But if he mislead a fellow-pilgrim, the case becomes more complex. He finds, after taking 2O observation and ascertaining his position on the chart of life, that he has not only himself to restore to rectitude, but his brother also. His victim may have wandered into many bypaths — may have become entangled in bogs and morasses; he must be sought, extricated, and toiled for until he is again restored to Heaven's road. The penitent may have to work years, aye ages, to effect this; but justice demands that he shall retrieve the results of his own conduct, dire as they may be. Is not our reasoning logical? Is not our conclusion reasonable ? By simply tracing back effect to cause, and contrasting our original error with its logical result, injury, per- haps irreparable, to ourselves and other souls, have we not indeed a full penalty for trans- gression ? — Canterbury.