MEDIATORS Does the central man, or woman, create Revolutions in the Natural Order? and Dis- pensations and Epochs in the Spiritual ? — Or, do the Revolutions bring forth their own heroes, and the Dispensations (under law) evolve their own Saviors ? At those momentous periods of the world's history, when there occurs a new Epoch, the earth becomes vitalized and impregnated by an influx from the Parental Fountain, deseending through Mediatorial Spheres, and directed by a Spiritual Intelligence, who is God to earth during that time. A corresponding human being is in the new movement, and has to bear the judgment of the decreasing darkness, and of the increasing light. In humanity, there is an inherent-tendency to deify both the ruling Intelligence and the governing man or woman. Even in this our day, there are many thousands—-je millions— who thus deify the Spirit who, with such mighty power and wonderful manifestations, brought up Israel out of Egypt. And, to them, the ' God of the Hebrews' is the God of all Gods. And skeptics, like Hume or Paine, deride, if they do not blaspheme, through this theological error. Again. If the central man (or woman) — the anointed Lead in the new Era — himself created the whole movement of human and spiritual forces, their failure, as free agents, to obey the Spirit, who ' rides the whirlwind and directs the storm,' would neutralize and deaden the progressive forces, so that nothing would be accomplished. Then the Divine design would be frustrated, and thousands who would have been blessed by the new Deific Influx—yea, all the inhabitants of earth — would have suffered irreparable loss, through the instrumentality of one insigni- ficant individual. ' In Adam's fall, we sinned all,' expresses the idea, and, were it true, it would have been better if he had not sinned at all. As Esdras exclaimed, ' 0 Adam, what hast thou done ? Thou hast not fallen alone, but all we which be come of thee! ' In the case of Noah, Abram, Moses, Jesus, • Ann, each one of whom could have been, and was tempted, and consequently might have fallen — yielded. For a ' man (or woman) is tempted when he is drawn away of his own lusts, and enticed' to indulge therein. Had either one or all of these suc- cumbed to the drawings of their inferior passions, would there, in such case, have been no Shepherd, or Shepherdess — no Leader — would all have been lost? By no means! Like some of the lower animals, humanity in a Revolution, or in a Dispensation, can reproduce a lost member, and even restore a missing head. When, with any portion of earth's inhabitants, it is harvest time — when the fruit and seed are ripe — there is not one only, but a crop, so to speak — a class of souls who are identified with the principles, and baptized by and into the very spirit of the ' times and seasons.' God is in them individually of a truth. And, under a law, which never fails, the real object and design of the Ruling Spirit — the God of the Epoch — is invariably accomplished. How be it, as with Noah and his ship-mates, it may be in only eight souls. But those eight men and women were as fully competent to the task of repeopling the earth as were the first two, or as would have been eight millions. Out of an 'army of the Lord,' who had been to John confessing their sins, and renewing their covenant with God and each other, to thenceforth obey the physiological laws of Moses, Jesus and his Apostles were but thirteen in number, chosen from the midst of ' their fellows,' and were ' men to be wondered at' by the sense-indulging, disorderly Gentiles around them, who ate any or every thing, and came together as no ' brute beasts ' ever do. Now, had either of these been disobedient to his 'heavenly vision,' the holy Ruling Spirit would have elected another to 'take his bishopric.' As it is always thus, ' the Lord alone should be exalted,' and not the person of the ' Anointed ' deified. No man, or woman, should be worshiped; it ' fills the land with idolatry ' and adolators. Those who ' worship the creature ' — Jesus — more than the Creator,' and instead of Him, de as ' greatly err' as would the Shakers were they to worship Ann Lee. ' I saw an Angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting Gospel to preach to them that dwell upon the earth; and he cried, with a loud voice, saying, ' Fear God, and give glory unto Him; for the hour of his judgment'—the day of judgment— 'has come.' This Angel succeeded the Angel of Spiritualism, who 'came down from heaven, having great power, and the earth,' — all who dwell upon the earth — ' was enlightened with his glory.' As individuals gather, one by one, ' from the East, and from the West, and from the North, and from the South,' each one will bring in with him and her a portion of the One Spirit of Good — of Religion — which pervades the race; and also more or less of the particular system of theology into which they may have been indoctrinated : as the Jew, or Mohammedan, the Hindoo, or Christian (so called), or any one from either of the various sects of these great divisions, which constitute ' the old heavens,' which must be supplanted by the 'new heavens.' There being in all a tendency to idolatry, tender, conscientious souls, under this infirmity possessing more religious zeal than theological knowledge, must be gently led by the hand, drawn by the cords of love, and by the influence of true religion, out of false theology. A true and good life will ultimately create a true theology. Theoretically 1 all believe in the progression of themselves, and of their system; but practically, when it comes, they will be nearly unanimous in a determined opposition thereto. As the past history of our race has its ancient records; so its future history has been recorded by men and women ' who wrote as they were moved by the Holy Christ Spirits ' (who, themselves, are existing in a perfect social state), who inspired them to portray and describe scenes in which they would be the chief though invisible actors. It is thus that the ' testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy.' That is, the spirit of the Prophets is incarnated — externalized upon our earth — in human beings who, individually and collectively, are living out the principles of the coming Millennium. 'Of the increase and going forth' of this testimony ' there will be no end,' or cessation, until ' the kingdoms of this world become the kingdoms of our God, and of his Christ,' and all things upon this earth shall have become the reflex of the inner heavens, or spheres. ' See that thou make all things according to the Pattern showed thee in the Mount.' God is in the beginning, and man in the ending, of all 'the times and seasons' of the progression of the race towards its final destiny — a perfect Natural Order, and a pure Spiritual Order, distinct, yet co-existent — the true relation of Church and State. The elements in this work of judgment evolved a Woman as its centre of influence, and Leader. And around her has gathered a body of men and women who constitute the Church of Chrisfs Second Appearing, whose foundational or basic principles are : Faith in a Dual God, as the Source of all Divine revelation, through Prophets and Prophetesses in all times, and amongst all peoples; a Recog- nition of Spiritualism, as the ' waters of the great deep, in which can float the Ark of Organization. Its main timbers are, Celibacy, Community, Peace — the Gentile Pentecostal Christian Church. This Church has been, is, and will continue to be the Medium of transmission, to the Natural Order, of the inherent and inalienable right of every human being to all the elements of existence, defined and administered in the fear of God, by Rulers of both sexes — like Moses and Miriam (or Deborah) — as simple representatives and obedient servants of the whole population, male and female. Use, not pleasure, is the unchangeable law. Each to live for all, and all for each. Fox and Swedenborg were fore-runners — 'Witnesses': Fox in the Religious element; Swedenborg in the Spiritual.