CHRISTMAS MUSINGS (E. Myrick.) What do we commemorate, the birth, the life or the death of Him who came to do the will of Him that sent Him? His birth was but a preamble, and his death but a supplement— the fly-leaves to the record of a divine, unselfish and heroic character. Let the service of the day be a renewed dedication and aspiration to a more faultless fidelity to purity, truth and humanity — that we may ' grow in favor with God and man;' and that every conviction of right may find a response in duty done. His gifts were patent to all +he world. ' Forbid them not to cast out df ils in my name.' To him it was better tl. an the applause of men. 'And inasmuch ts you have done a kind act to the least of these, my brethren, ye have done it unto me.' He planted the good seed in the heart, the seat of life, where, by cultivation, it would absorb the whole being. He trained the philosophical and emotional to attain higher human happiness than either alone could ever reach. He recognized an immortal relationship as superior to the Adamic, selfish blood relation, which is severed by death. Through his mediumship, Jesus poured light into the world. And to-day we rejoice, not so much in the birth of a good man, nor in the attainment of salvation alone; but in that invaluable (though not infallible) light of progress, elevation, and spiritual refinement, that shines in a life of Christian, virgin purity. In his life we have a pattern of dignified meekness, sublime courage and blameless integrity; reverencing all times and all places, as they are hallowed by holy work. ' He liveth long who liveth well, All else is time but flung away; He liveth longest, who can tell Most true things, truly done each day,' If we would claim a true relation to our Elder Brother, ' the first born,' we must become as ' lambs slain,' (the animal life extinct); and yet, while we live on the earth, we may also reign over the earthly, generative, selfish nature; banish alike poverty and riches; testify against disease, murders, and all forms of our perverted natural powers. ' Ye are the salt of the earth,' who would not ' destroy life, but save it.' Moses enjoined the strict observance of the law of nature for the generative 'children of this world,' which would insure healthy offspring, that, preserving physical soundness, they might live, and be, and do good, and not kill one another. To balance this despicable, though popular check on over-replenishing the earth, Jesus introduced a rational and philosophical check, the out-growth of the generative, by the virgin regenerative life; an innate and natural sequence of the physical, moral, and intellectual, so beautifully characterized by the four living creatur.es (Rev. 4th, 6th, 7th,) which were ' in the midst of and round about the throne, full of eyes before and behind.' ' The fourth was like a, flying eagle,' moving in the highest ethereal element — could bear the direct rays of the sun, and revolted at decaying bodies, a most fitting symbol of man's spiritual nature. If we would respect this Christian record, we must remember the character and attitude of the 'flying eagle.'