'SCRIPTURE OF TRUTH.' (O. C Hampton.) While wandering alone o'er the bleak hills of sorrow, And sadly exploring the regions of earth, The present all gloom, with a darker tomorrow, An alien to comfort, a stranger to mirth, Before me arose a magnificent Temple, Whose windows were brilliant with rainbows of light, Whose beautiful mansions were airy and ample, With glory supernal enravish'd my sight. This Temple was built at the foot of a mountain (The mountain of Arrogance, such it was called) Where long I had wander'd in search of a fountain, O'er crags of despair round its summit so bald. The Fountain Eternal of all consolation — The Well of Salvation — I journey'd to find, Whose river so clear thro' the calm habitation Of Holiness, ever continued to wind. At length a grand Temple, that stood in the valley, Attracted my eye with its beautiful sheen : I thought, if the vale with its beauty would tally, Nor painter nor poet could pencil the scene. In haste I repair'd to this exquisite Temple, More costly by far than the Temple of old; Its plan of construction, tho' sacredly simple, In aspect sublime was romantic and bold. And in that low valley meander'd a river, With calm flowing waters and music serene, Which still keeps in majesty rolling for ever, The sweet-smelling woods in perennial green. And here was the Fountain of blessing fraternal Whose Lethean waters all sorrows remove, And, tho' cycles are gone, yet the flowers are vernal, That bloom on its banks in the garden of Love. And in this vast Temple the poets and sages, The Prophets and Saviors for all the lost world, Whose wisdom and virtue (in bright glowing pages, As rivers of life, through the nations have purl'd) And soul aspirations, in love are recorded : They have written their lives in the books of the Palm, Have finished their race, have been amply rewarded, And left us their story in song and in psalm Their heavenly oracles — rapt inspirations — In unfading splendor, are there to be found Their joys and their sorrows, and final salva tion, In ' Scriptures of Truth' in profusion abound. How oft have I open'd the doors of this Temple, To search out its oracles hidden therein, That, in sore affliction, would show some example Of sweet resignation in dark sunless scenes. As those who had travel'd in sorrow before me, And left me their holy Evangel to trace, In patience to wait when the shadows are o'er me, And how to rejoice when abounding in grace. When doubts and uncertainty thicken around me And darken my path with the shade of their wings, I enter this Temple: What light is around me! What promises holy ! What heavenly things! When gloomy forebodings, or malice, or anger, Are brewing afar in my horizon dark, I haste my escape from this region of danger, I hide in this Temple, I rest in this Ark. In many sore trials and weary temptations, This Temple enchanted has furnished relief, And thro' the long past it has lighted the nations, In their bright day of joy, and their dark day of grief. Long, long live this Temple ! the structure of Ages, Long let me recline in its shadow serene; Long let me converse with the saints and the Who've lived out their day, and have passed from earth scene. The Good of all times, in their travail and trial, In unison striving the same race to run, Abounding in patience and stern self-denial, To press for the glories they fought for and won. 0, thanks unto God, who in mercy provided This beautiful Temple such records to hold, Where pencils of sweet inspiration have glided And faithfully painted ' the doings of old.' Then, long live the Archives of Saints and their sorrow, Their triumphs in grief and assurance in doubt Until the Great Day, which will know no tomorrow ; Let the light of the ' Watch-towers' nevei go out. Dan. x; 20, 21: ' Knowest thou wherefore I come unto thee ? and now will I return to fight with the prince of Persia : and when I am gone forth, lo, the prince of Grecia shall come.' ' I will show thee that which is noted in the scripture of truth; and there is none that holdeth with me in these things but Michael your prince.' From which it appears that the ' Scripture of Truth' existed, and was studied in the Spirit World, long before the modern Bibles — Jewish, Catholic, Greek or Protestant — were made up. Indeed, they are not yet completed, as in England a commission is now revising the ' Holy Scriptures' — the Protesting Bible. As Rabbi Wise says, ' the happiness of man depends on no Creed and no Book ; it depends on the dominion of truth, which is the Redeemer and Saviour, the Messiah, and the King of Glory.' The belief in a creative God. is inferred from design in creation, and though there are difficulties the other way, reason triumphs in the proofs, and faith overcomes the difficulties.