ASSIMILATION (Wm. Bussell.) There is an inter-relation existing between all things in the universe, more or less inti- nate, according to the peculiar character of each. This results from the oneness of Deity. ?orms may be infinitely varied, yet, such is the nature of substances themselves, they all attest the oneness of their origin; hence their relation to each other. Because of this relation they all have a transforming power over each other, varying according to condi- tions and circumstances. The central body in each planetary system not only attracts and moulds every one of its revolving spheres, but is itself attracted and modified by them. Each system also affects and is affected by every other system in the universe, while performing its sublime part in the never-ending dance. The earth, with its multitudinous inhabitants, s powerfully influenced by the atmosphere which surrounds it, and this in turn acknowledges the power exercised upon it by oceans, mountains, fields and forests. Whether Darwin's theory of the origin of the human species be true or false, man is obliged to own his relation to all inferior existences, and even to feel, oft-times, that they have a controlling influence upon him. Often the face that was to be ever looking heavenward is downcast, and the entire person loves to exhibit its relationship to the groveling broods of earth. The human system, by its excessive absorption of life forces from both the animal and vegetable kingdoms, takes its rank even with the lowest orders. Its activity, which should surpass that of any inferior beings, is often so feeble that it becomes the slave rather than the master of all beneath. This is because of its failure to observe the Divine order of drawing the highest elements of life from sources above the human. The physical system of the brutes, when they are left free to act in accordance with their instincts, is maintained in its natural vigor and order. That of man will be toned to the highest health and strength when the physical, the intellectual and the moral faculties are maintained in their proper order by the use of nourishment best adapted to each. When the corporeal system is unduly cherished to the neglect of the mental and moral, then the man necessarily exhibits his close affinity to the animal. He assimilates himself to the lower life, and by reason of the absorbing and transforming action thus induced, he invariably displays more than brutal passions. He has sunk below the proper plane of his own existence. Examples of such abound in all history, so that it is unnecessary to particularize. The physical frame, when preserved in due order by a suitable degree of food and exercise, instead of being a hindrance to the growth of the higher faculties, may be rendered a constant aid to them just so long as its natural vigor lasts. Being a product ol the earth, it returns to it at last, and is completely assimilated to it; but if it has performed its part well, it has been an honored co-adjutor in the Divine Economy of rearing beings for the immortal realms. When both the physical and intellectual natures are cherished at the expense of the spiritual faculties something superior to the mere animal is certainly exhibited, but still, man in his true dignity does not appear. What keenness of intellect was displayed by Napoleon ! Whai rapidity of thought and action, as well as accuracy of judgment, on the battle-field and in the affairs of State ! Yet his wonderfully keen intellect but served to give a sharper edge to the sword he wielded. He was unquestionably adapted to make a powerfu' impression upon warlike nations. He changec and. molded Europe, but left it, nevertheless, warlike still. Not till the superior facultie, of man have that attention paid to them thai their nature demands, will mankind cease to be a warring race. For the purpose of maintaining sound physcal health, one needs the food that the sys,em can readily assimilate to itself, so as to )reserve harmonious action between all the jarts. Any one who is in the habit of observing the effect produced upon himselt }y the different qualities and quantities ot bod taken into his system cannot fail to see ;hat his mental and moral faculties, as well as ;he corporeal, are affected by them. As a jeneral rule, he finds that when the outward is in good condition, the mental and moral forces are in more harmonious play than when the reverse is the case; and when the central manufactory of physical health is disturbed, there is more or less disturbance throughout the whole man. The plain inference is, then, that the food which is taken into the stomach is assimilated, not only to the corporeal blood but also to the more internal or magnetic forces of the system. This fact gives greater force to the expression found in the writings of the Jewish lawgiver. ' The life of the flesh is in the blood.' The term used for life in the Septuagint translation is psyche, commonly translated soul; meaning that principle in the human economy that is the stimulator of its every faculty. In the Greek New Testament we have the same worci as an equivalent expression to that which Jesus used : ' What shall a man give in exchange for his psyche—his life or soul ? ' Deprived of this he is poor indeed ! The wealth of the entire world will not compensate him for its loss. The same care that is to be observed with respect to the food for the body should also be observed in regard to that for the mind. Some things offered as such must be absolutely rejected; others sparingly used, while others still may be accepted as daily nourishment. As a general rule, that which cherishes envy, jealousy, hatred, revenge, strifes, and contentions of every kind is to be discarded, though presented by the hands of the greatest masters of expression, and under the most attractive exterior. Though the cup be of the purest gold and set with numerous brilliants, it can never change the nature of the poison it may contain. Even the historian's pages, which too often are but the mirror of human vices, are deleterious, if exhibited so as to make those vices attractive rather than repulsive. What should be a lesson of warning and remonstrance may be so presented as to produce effects the very reverse. Wars are but the exhibition of the baser passions of mankind; but painted too often in colors that belong to their opposites, they serve to cherish these passions rather than to eradicate them from the human breast. Mental food, as well as that for the body, should be such as to produce harmony throughout the entire system. No other should be allowed to assimilate itself, and thus form a constituent part of our intellectual life. Othenvise mental disease will be the inevitable consequence, and restoration to health may not be effected without long-suffering and disagreeable remedies. Life is of various degrees, to the very highest of which man is entitled as his inheritance. It is enjoyed, however, in its greatest degree, only by those who are in the possesion of sound physical, mental and moral health. The Divine Spirit breathes everywhere, but, like the atmosphere, does not produce equal effects upon all. It may dwell in the innermost of man, but cannot be consciously enjoyed in its fullness, nor manifested in its proper effects, where there are the obstructions of physical, mental, or moral disease. Let every string of the human harp be rightly tuned, and celestial music will be produced. When the highest inspirations flow unobstructed into the inner life, they make an essential part of that life. They fashion it in accordance with that possessed in the highest heaven, where harmony perpetually reigns among its blessed inhabitants. — Mt. Morris.