SHAKERESS: LAWS OF PROGRESS A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS What is Time when measured with the eternal ages which roll in continuity through boundless space ? When we look at the imperfect condition of men and things as they now exist, we often feel an intense desire for great and sudden changes, especially in theology and religion; and that the prediction of the spirit through John the Revelator, ' Behold, I make all things new,' should take effect immediately. An inspired prophet of olden time said (pointing to times and seasons which God hath reserved in his own keeping), 'By measure hath He measured the times, and by number hath he numbered them, and he doth not stir nor move them until the said measure be fulfilled.' We cannot change the laws of progression which underlie all growth in material and spiritual things; but we may change our relations to them, and be instrumental in helping others to do the same. If we sow a field of grain, we must expect to give the seed time to germinate and grow. We cannot by any means get the stalk, the blade and the ear in one day. And when we plant a tree, if we understand the science of arboriculture, so that we feed and water it, and stir the soil around it at the proper time to produce healthy action, we may accelerate its growth, but we cannot bring forth a full grown tree, however much we may desire to do so. The same laws which govern in the visible, are also operative in the (to us) invisible world of causation. In the spiritual, as in the material, we must bide the time. The All Father and Mother of souls, who watch so strictly over their children that ' Not one sparrow falls to the ground with- out their notice, cannot look upon the condition of suffering humanity with less interest and compassion than do mortals. Mercy and truth meet (in counsel) together, and fain would they gather souls under the blessed influence of righteousness and peace, and bind them with the cords of love. But 'justice and judgment are the habitation of God's throne,' and his laws do not conflict. Justice must precede mercy. Spiritual death is the effect of violated law; and if souls sin unto death, they must find repentance unto life; justice demands it. Then, mercy stands ready to bind up the brokenhearted and contrite in spirit, and give the sweet balm of consolation. As we.cannot change, or force the laws of progress, how can we the most effectually co-operate with them to hasten our own spiritual growth, and ameliorate the condition of the race to which we belong? G-od sends angels to sow and to reap; but men and women are the mediums through which they work. The angels could accomplish but little without the agency of man and woman. The higher and purer our conditions are, the more effective will our labors be in helping others. It is not wise for us to neglect any known duty to-day, because there is an endess future before us; for each day has its appropriate work. If, step by step, we ascend the hill of progression in scientific knowledge and spiritual truth, the higher we rise the purer and clearer will be the atmosphere, and the stronger will our influence be in drawing others from the low plane of sensualism, and from their wanderings in the cold, barren region of naturalism into the realm of spiritual light and divine ideas, where they can commune with higher intelligences from the unseen world.