DIALOGUE THE GOSPEL WORK — ITS PRESENT AND FUTURE INCREASE BY Margaret Pattison Charlotte Byrdsall Ann Offord Melissa Soule Martha Anderson Margaret Cleveland Mar. P.— Certainly. Can we not see from this, that the branches of the tree of life ' whose leaves shall be for the healing of the nations,' have spread, and that beneath it many souls have found a pleasant and safe retreat; thus fulfilling ancient prophecy ? Ann. — As was remarked, the testimony of Christ's Second Appearing, through the female, was a revival of primitive Christianity, with increased revelation; for that in itself was not complete. There was room left for a great increase of faith and works relating to the physical, moral, and spiritual condition of mankind. Nor did those who laid the foundation of the Second Christian Church complete the structure. It was not given to Mother Ann to gather the people into Gospel order; during her ministry, they were scattered abroad in valleys and on the hill-tops. Martha. — Great wisdom and care were requisite on the part of those commissioned to gather the people into an organized body, to establish laws and regulations which would countenance a progressive, physical, mental and spiritual growth, and yet be for the pro- tection of the Society. Mel. — Our ideas of progress would not lead xis to discard true foundational principles, but to build upon and expand them. This may be the criterion by which we can judge the worth of any progressive movement, if it does not deteriorate the pure spiritual life of the community. Many, in haste for onward advancement, would introduce reformatory ideas and changes, without regard to the time or state of preparation for receiving them, and by thus doing, would retard the progress of the work. Mar. C.—This is but the dawn of the Millennium. The spiritual faith of this life leads to a consecration in all things. Self-denial opens the door of revelation. What an amount of inspirational strength actuated those who lived in their little families, to give up all for the future glory of Gospel communistic life. Self-sacrificing devotion was their inducement. Char. — The past is sacred on account of the holy life and strength of Gospel parents. The beautiful and true have attended the Gospel work in its varied stages of progress. Our unprogressed conditions open wide fields of labor wherein we may toil, and, like our predecessors, gain treasures of worth to impart to others. In former times, comparatively little attention was given to physiology ; but now the light of the present reveals many physiological errors previously adhered to, which we hope to have sufficient honesty of purpose, and firmness of mind to leave for something better. Mar. P.—Greater attention is now given to air ; for we acknowledge the fact, that we live by breathing ; and the pure atmosphere is essential for this purpose. It is a satisfaction to glance at our well-ventilated dwelling, where we see space in the base-boards, and apertures over all the doors for the admission of air ; while the self-acting Archimedian ventilators on the roof, create a strong draft and dispose of any vitiated air that might otherwise remain in our dwelling. Even with closed doors and windows, the atmosphere is still good and wholesome. Ann. — In addition, we can range the verdant fields for pleasure, or otherwise enjoy the sunshine and genial summer air, with no fear or thought of persecution ; but with a calm and holy feeling of inspiring life, we behold with joy and a spirit of blessing, the consecrated labors of our good and worthy brethren. Martha. — It is pleasant to gather the fruits of earth. They supply the place of animal food in a great measure ; for very little of it is now required for our table. Swine's flesh has long been abolished, with other things, in the preparation of food, such as soda, salaratus, etc. Brown bread almost supplies the place of white, while our well-cultivated gardens, golden grain fields, and thrifty fruit orchards yield an abundant supply for physical health and comfort. Ann.—It has been asserted that ' a vegetable diet has a happifying influence on the mind, and tends to preserve a delicacy of feeling, liveliness of imagination, and acuteness of judgment, seldom enjoyed by those who live too much on animal food.' Franklin said that ' a vegetable diet promoted clearness of ideas, quickness of thought, and stability of action.' He spoke from experience ; for his superior reason early led him to adopt a simple style of living. Mel.—Tobacco was formerly used to quite an extent among us, but was considered useless and injurious. Some who had formed a habit of smoking, and had not strength, of themselves, to change, were assisted by spirits from the unseen world. Their love to the truth was strong, and their desire to increase with the work of God enabled them to make the sacrifice, which proved a blessing to them individually, and to the whole body. A spirit of self sacrifice, in regard to perverted ways and habits, is what the present generation need to possess. It should ever be our effort to simplify our needs, and curb our appetites, and thus bring ourselves to the condition of the philosopher, whose habitual prayer was, ' O ye gods ! grant me to have few things, and to stand in need of none.' Mar. P.—I should be pleased to know who he was. Martha.—Apollonius. He was born four years before Jesus of Nazareth, belonged to a wealthy Grecian family, and, though reared in the lap of affluence and ease, he early discarded all forms of luxury, donned the garb and habits of a Pythagorean philosopher, lived on fruit and vegetables, drank water only, and chose a celibate life as being best adapted to philosophic and ethical pursuits. He was endowed with remarkable mental powers and spiritual gifts, which, combined with a welldeveloped and perfect physique, gave him a marked character. He was successful as a teacher of a rational system of morality and virtue. Mar. C.—' The moral and intellectual status of man is grounded in the material;' hence those things which pertain to the health and perfection of the physical body, are of great importance to humanity. There can be no high spiritual life sustained here on earth, except in connection with habits of wise bodily discipline—a truth yet to be recognized by many. Char.— While we view the increase of truth in the past in those particular points of which you have been speaking, we also behold the present growth in virtue and goodness. Truly those who plead for a broader platform, and complain of but little progression, are more than spiritually blind. Such evince their unfaithfulness to present light, a non-con- formity to united spiritual and physical increase. Mar. P.—There is ever a beauty and glory manifest in the Gospel work, to those who abide in its spirit of heavenly life and love. Shakers, or Believers, are becoming better known in the outside world ; the purity of their lives is not questioned by those who are rightly informed ; while their character for integrity and truth is well established, especially with the more intellectual and spiritually-minded. Ann. — The witnesses of God in the past fell from their rectitude, and lost their spiritual power through the friendship of the world. Through this medium, worldly attractions became strong. We are in danger from this source. It is an easy thing to turn light into darkness ; and there is greater danger of being allured and drawn away from true faith by the friendships of the world, than by its persecutions. But, if members fail, virtue's strongholds are still reliable; seceders take no strength from the body; God's work remains the same, and will endure through eternal ages. Martha. — Human nature is everywhere the same. In all ages it has had the same wants and aspirations, and has been subject to the same infirmities. As you remarked, a declension of members is not a declension of truth; but all, if they would advance with the body, must be united and keep pace with increasing revelation. Order and harmony are sure guides. Mel.— There is greater strength and beauty in the Temple when the weak and unreliable pass away. The cause of righteousness and self-denial never presented loftier themes for thought and practice than at present. Mar. C. — This is a day of individual trial. The foundations of our faith are being tried. The everlasting Spirit of Goodness searches the heart, and tries the actions, to prove what principles we are actuated by. Mel. — The world may question our integrity ; and many inquire, Why cannot you live as purely, with your faith, outside of your com munity ? But the Holy Spirit's call is, ' Come up higher, above, away from earth.' The work of to-day is to aggregate souls into a heavenly union, to form a body for honest souls to gather to; a true type of angelhood in the heavenly spheres. Ann. — There must be an Order above and in advance of the world, to govern and regulate, or set in order those who forsake it. The spiritual is for that purpose. The present condition of society is no cause of discourage- ment. The future cannot be determined by the present. Like life, society grows from a principle divinely implanted; it is progressing, bringing the world and its attractions to an ultimate. It is true there is not much increase of members to our Church at present. That SHAKEKESS. 31 is because of the lack of the religious element without; yet many (by degrees) are ripening up to the Gospel work, which is the harvest; and, ere long, a revival of religious and practical truth will occur; then, ' where the body of Christ is, thither will the eagles be gathered together.' Mar. P. — Our Father and Mother have prepared a home, and are now calling their children to partake of the spiritual feast of goodness and love. For there are noble minds, to-day, endowed with power, and an understanding of truth, who are disseminating the seed of Christianity, educating souls for the Gospel. For, 'what education is for one man or woman, revelation is for the whole human race.' Ann.— Margaret, I listened almost breathless to your last sentence, knowing that the original writer did not include the woman, and you are aware that it is a day of woman's rights, a subject upon which I am greatly interested ; for we know she is of more worth than to be a mere instrument of worldly pleasure. We see in our Zion-home women of strength and virtue, whose consecrated powers adorn and beautify the Temple of God. Mel.— The acknowledgment of the Mother Spirit in Deity is one grand step towards this ultimate. All who have progressed away from old contracted theological views, can see and appreciate the true worth of woman. Mar. C. — How beautiful is the social relation formed between the male and female among Believers, where the inferior passions are kept in subordination to higher law! How true the manifestation of love in the sphere of daily duties, where the claims of both brethren and sisters are regarded with equal respect ; and, as co-workers in a noble cause, each unselfishly toils for the good of the whole. Char. — This social and religious harmony is not only beneficial to us, but to mankind in general. It is seed sown that will bear fruit in the good time coming, but is sustained only through individual personal ' sacrifice of selfishness, and an expansion in the elements of universal love and true philanthropy.' While listening to your comments upon woman, I thought how beautifully Eldress Antionette was inspired (in ' Past, Present and Future ') to speak of the elevation of woman from physical, moral and spiritual servitude. I know such truths will rest with weight upon minds who are exercised in this direction. Ann. — I read and re-read the article with pleasure. Such truthful expressions are like sunny rays of hope illuminating the future. The love and union formed by kindred souls, who have commenced the work of regeneration, by being baptised into purity of heart and life, is the strongest of all bonds with which to hold soul to soul. It is unchanging through all conditions, and incites to constancy and truthfulness one with another. We intuitively repose confidence in a relation thus formed, as when we pray we instinctively direct our intercessions to God; there our confidence is placed. On the same principle we rely upon our faithful brethren and sisters, and trust their fidelity. Mar. P. — This is the advantage which is only to be derived from a spiritual communistic life. We see verified, in our association, the saying of Jesus,' Think not of the morrow, what ye shall eat, drink, or wear,' because, in our associated capacity, there are many who are interested in bearing the burdens of life; and the orderly arrangement of spiritual and temporal leaders is a great blessing; it relieves us of much anxious care and thought respecting food, clothing and other things necessary for physical comfort and support. And, by first seeking the spiritual part (the righteousness of Christ's kingdom), all other needful things are added. Martha. — Henry Vincent remarked that ' Christianity levels all distinctions, save goodness ; it is the grand elevator of the human race!' And, we might add, where its true spirit is maintained, it dignifies toil, and transforms what is commonly deemed the drudgery of life into pleasant occupation, where right — not might — is the rule ; because labor is equalized according to qualification of membership, and ability to perform it. Mar. C. — Persons who visit our communities, not comprehending the true principles upon which the Institution is based, often inquire as to the number of hours we labor; but we are not, for sordid interest, toiling with restriction. Duty is pleasant to us, we are in our own home ; when more is to be done, then gladly we give more effort; when not so much, then less is required. We are not under task-masters, but are influenced by love and mutual friendship to one another, devoting our strength for the good of a noble and glorious cause. Mel. — One, speaking of consecrated toil, said, ' Prefer duty to diversion. He who is false to present duty, breaks a thread in the loom, and will find the flaws when he has forgotten the cause.' Char.—Order and discipline are the guardians of our home. If irksome to some, it is because they are not in the life and spirit that pervade it. Some are baptised into a gospel of ideas, but not into the Gospel of Love, which will produce practical works; they receive faith intellectually, while their souls are untouched by the living inspiration and consecration which permeate the body of Christ. Ann. — The more practical religion is, the better I like it. It is effectual for good, when it is carried into all the essential duties of life, instigating the spirit of industry, in making good roads, constructing fences, cultivating the soil properly, preparing of food, clothing, &amp;c. such as Christians can use and not abuse, marking all our labor with neatness, thoroughness and order. Here is a large field for useful thought. In this we find the most effective poetry, —' a poem from the fingers ends,' and beautiful pictures to look upon ; and ' a picture is a poem without words.' Mar. P. — When I came among Believers I admired the order and practical utility of external things. This I perceived was the result of an interior spiritual life ; and, in the ardor of my soul, I thanked God that I had found a people who were not stereotyped in their religious belief ; but who, in the progress of spirituality could change their theological views. Mar. C. — Then, a distinction is made between theology and religion 1 Mel. — Certainly. Theology is but the science of religion, while religion is the germ of eternal life, which may be found in every human heart. Henry Ward Beecher says, ' The way to begin a Christian life is not to study theology. Piety before theology. Right living will produce right thinking.' Mar. C. — The cultivation of this germ has produced the increase of the past and present. And, in the liberal exercise of our faith, we are unbiased by worldly conservatism, believing that this Church will eventually be the receptacle of every good, whether it be from Judaism, Catholicism, Protestantism, or Mahomedanism, for we claim that all sects contain some truth. Ann. — It will also be the conservatory of science; for all truth centers in God. Mel. — Our minds should be open to the acceptance of scientific truth; although it should come in contact with preconceived ideas, grounded in the mind, and forming a stronghold of individual experience. Our theology should correspond with science, or it is liable to be overthrown. It is a day of reason and investigation ; the foundation of all systems is being tested. Martha. — I rejoice that the time is approaching when the voice of woman will be heard in governmental affairs ; when she shall help to enact laws that will bind Justice and Love in one inseparable band; uplifting her sex from the thraldom of sensual and sexual sinfulness, into the untrammeled freedom of personal rights and privileges, such as man enjoys. Then shall a purer and more refining influence pervade the council-halls of the nation, and a new epoch in civil history will hold a corresponding relation to the spiritual order under which we exist. Mar. C. — The Spirit of Divine Wisdom which regulated this infant church, stands as a balance between reformation and conservatism; and from the growth of the past we may judge of a greater increase in the future. ' As souls advance their ideas expand. Progress is an eternal law. The ideal beckoning the real to come up higher, there will ever be loftier, diviner attitudes to ascend.' Char. — The angelic voice of Truth has rolled in majesty through all periods. The laws of improvement bear each tone higher and still higher up the scale of holiness. The music of the sinless Angel of Love shall echo over hill and dale, over sea and land, until, in its glorious chorus, all nations shall blend, and the home of Virtue and Truth, that is increasing, shall begin its life in all, while the altar of holy resurrection shall be lighted in grandeur with hallowed and varied offerings of souls from every clime. No longer will one toil in pain while another revels in luxury, for the soil and fruitage of earth shall be free, while over the homes of all will hover the heavenly dove of Peace. Mar. P.— True love principles, gleaming in their divinity far and wide, will vitalize and draw many souls to Zion, where they will be planted as trees by the sides of living waters, growing in strength and beauty until they become as cedars of Lebanon. Then will they joyfully sing the 'Song of the Lamb' with those who stand upon Mount Zion. Martka — Joy we feel in thus reviewing What the march of Truth has wrought, And, while present light pursuing, Claim the strength through increase brought. Hopes for future bright are glowing, Love with wisdom interblends, Seed celestial they are sowing Of a life that never ends. Faith, endowed with gift immortal, Lifts the veil from spirit sight, Ope's the gates to love's bright portal, Leads the soul in wisdom's light; Pierces through the mists of morning, And discloses to our view Grace and Truth the home adorning, Where all things are form'd anew.