NO EVIL (H. L. Eades.) The quasi-philosophical doctrine of No Evil is almost as darkening and pernicious in its tendency as that which teaches that 'one man brought all sin into the world, and another one must take it all out. Or another one that, ignorantly literalizing the scripture allegory of the creation of the man, woman and snake, affirms that the snake was the immediate, and God himself the remote cause of sin. He having created this trio, with a foreknowledge of the result, acknowledges his part in the transaction, by condescending to be born of a woman, and then permitting himself to be killed, in order to exculpate man, satisfy his own justice, and appease his own wrath. Or still another doctrine, which affirms that it was God's Son, and not Himself, that died, the Father having caused the Son to take on Himself the sins of the whole world, which he ' bore in his body on the tree,' and this to relieve His own murderers from the crime they were committing while destroying Him ! Rejoice, 0 sinner, and sin away! Thus exclaims the zealot, ' Bless the Lamb of God which taketh away the sin of the world ! '—all that have been committed, or ever will be. 'Glory to God ! Not by works, lest any man should boast. You are not going to get me to mourn over my sins. But I know very well, if Christ has not taken them away, I am certainly lost, for their name is legion.' But another class will not admit that Christ died for the sins of the whole world, but only for those who have faith in their creed ; the rest to be consigned to endless torment. Thus: A &amp; B in actual life, are precisely alike. A believes whilst B doubts, and, as ; he that doubts is damned already,' B's case is hopeless; so, for the same deeds, A goes to eternal bliss, and B to endless torment, and this passes for Divine justice. Byron seemed to be a doubter ; he says: ' A natural resurrection seems strange, and even absurd, except for the purposes of punishment; and all punishment which is for revenge, rather than to correct, is morally wrong; and when the world is at an end, what moral religious purpose can eternal tortures answer? ' Having lately seen an article written with some ability, defending the affirmative of the proposition, ' Whatever is, is right,' in defense of the No Evil theory, has induced me to offer some criticism on the productions from a negative view of the subject There is a canon of logic which denies us the privi- lege of reasoning from a proposition that admits of two constructions, without showing which is intended. ' It is necessary,' says Locke, 'in order to be understood, that the hearer should join the same meaning to the words used that the speaker does,' else they will be likely to convey darkness instead of light. It seems to me that nothing has been more misunderstood and misapplied, than the following lines of Pope: ' All discord, harmony not understood — All partial evil universal good ; And spite of pride, in erring reason's spite, One truth is clear, whatever is, is right.' Those who so flippantly quote this great author in defense of the No Evil theory, forget to state that the argument, which closes with the above lines, is headed thus: ' Of nature and the state of man with respect to the universe,' and not with respect to God, himself, or society. He had no idea that his words could be wrested in defense of that Optimism, which declares that all things, moral, spiritual, and material, are ordered for the best. The existence of moral discord and moral evil is too palpable to be disputed by any sane man. A son murders his father; there is a ' discord ' in that particular family; but it only needs to be 'understood' to make harmony of it. A 'partial evil' it certainly is; but 'tis only necessary to include the universe with it to make it ' right'(!) So on runs the sophistry. Hurricanes are partial evils, when some person's property suffers by them, but they purify the atmosphere, and so, a little blood-letting by wars, purifies societyf?) Thus people strive to ease their consciences and harden themselves in crime. The article opens in this wise: 1st. ' The material universe is the expression of the Divine character, and any thing which takes place therein, does so in obedience to law; and all effects are the expressions ot Divine Power, consequently right.' 2nd. ' God is as immanently present in the flower as in the regeneration of the soul! ' etc. The flower has violated no law; but it is a strange concession to speak of the regeneration of the soul, when it is in the universe, — a thing that 'is,' consequently, according to his text, is right, and therefore needs no regeneration. But such inconsistencies are 27 the natural sequence of wrong positions. 3d. ' There is no inharmony except in respect to the finite and individual; and that inharmony does not extend beyond the finite.' Here inharmony is fairly confessed; but, to assert that it does not extend beyond the finite — leaves us still in harmony with the Infinite — is freely admitted; for no finite act can change the unchangeable Infinite ; but having been created in harmony with God, if we break that harmony by disobedience, the only possible chance of restoration is by returning to obedience. Renan says: 'If we cannot see God (in his entirety) we can powerfully feel Him' — who, through the conscience causes us to know his will, which, if obeyed, insures a harmonious relation of the finite with the Infinite; all denial to the contrary notwithstanding. 4th. ' The Omnipresent Divinity is everywhere seen, preparing the finite to become united with the Infinite; capable of becoming, and destined to become, a living, conscious universe, begotten in the exact image of the Divine Father in esse and in existence.' If we are to be in the 'exact image of God, both in being and in existence, and become conscious universes,' then we are gods, sure enough! Than this, what more is God ? Wherein shall we differ from Him ? And if we are to equal Him in being and existence, why not excel Him? And so — ' Nobly take the high priori road, And reason downward till we doubt of God ; Make nature still encroach upon his plan, And shove him off as far as e'er we can; Or at one bound o'erleaping all his laws, Make God man's image, man the final cause.'— or otherwise close with the pantheistic doctrine, wherein 'evil ceases to have an objective reality,' .and that unintelligent nature is the cause of intelligent man, and he only a Darwinian effect. In defending the No Evil theory, this writer seems to have taken his cue from the ethics of Aristotle, who, notwithstanding he could 'reprove the Greeks for allowing their children to grow up as wild beasts,' and, as Plato says, ' to be torn in pieces by their lusts as by so many wild horses,' yet he also affirms that ' the first and absolute Good has nothing that is his own opposite.' Thus, it may be seen, that in the defense of 'No Evil,' this great philosopher has fallen into the same palpable inconsistencies of all the lesser lights; wherein, if he is content, I now propose to leave him. ' Behold, I come quickly, and my reward is with me, to give to every one, according as his work shall be.' —Rev. xn. 22. South Union, Ky.