'THE CUP.' (Eldress Joanna Kaime.) Jesus said, ' Are ye able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of, and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with ? ' Often times, when a child under the parental roof, have we read, with tearful eyes and bated breath, the glowing account of the crucifixion of Jesus, as recorded by the Evangelists ; and, in our childish indignation, demanded of our parents to know why the great and good God suffered those cruel and wicked Jews to so ill-treat his beloved Son. Receiving an answer which served to confound more than to enlighten us, we accepted the traditional M faith, that some how, or in some way, though never clear to our understanding, we were to be saved by the shedding of His blood on Mount Calvary. But our thanks are due to an overruling Providence, that, in the second manifestation of the Christ Spirit, through the instrumentality of his followers, we have received knowledge of the true way of life and salvation ; if we would be harvested from, and rise above, the earthly plane, we must shape our lives according to the Pattern, and walk as Jesus walked, drink of the same cup of which He drank, bear the same cross and living testimony which is like consuming fire to the nature of sin; then we partake of the same baptism. And, as maturer years and broader views were ours, we found still deeper, if not more painful, emotions steal across the brain, and sink into the heart, as imagination depicted the sufferings of Jesus in the lonely garden, on the eve of his 'passion.' What mingling of pathos and sublimity! the human and Divine alternately controlling. The former, shrinking from the impending crisis, while, in the heaviness of his grief, he said, ' My soul is exceedingly sorrowful, even unto death ! ' yet apparently denying himself of all the sympathy which that expression of sorrow might elicit from his disciples, he said unto them, ' Tarry, here, and watch.' Then he went forward to intercede with his Father, that, if consistent with his righteous will, the coming trial might be averted. Then, falling upon his face in agony of spirit, he prayed, ' Oh, my Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me ! ' Then there seemed to be a heavenly ministration, borne on angel wings, overshadowing him as he softly whispered, ' Nevertheless, not as I will,. but as Thou wilt.' Listen to the mild and gentle rebuke given to his neglectful watchers, on his return from his fervent intercessions, ' What! could ye not watch with me one hour ? Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation.' Then, as if touched with pity for their weak- ness, and in seeming extenuation of the same, he added, ' The spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.' His disciples were not able to appreciate the grand and exalted character of their Lord and Master—their Elder Brother — until they were imbued with his spirit, and were baptized with the same baptism, which also constituted them ' sons of God,' for none before him had so fathomed the depths of man's loss from God, or felt the bitterness into which his whole being was plunged. He (seemingly) felt the dissolution of every tie when forsaken by his disciples, and, in the moment of his supreme anguish, he cried, 'My God, why hast thou forsaken me!' What a world of agony was contained in that soul-thrilling cry, 'Eli! Eli! lama sabacJlh,thani! ' And did not Mother Ann Lee, who Avas called to prepare herself as a chosen vessel for the reception of Christ Spirit in his second advent, drink of the same bitter cup, even to its dregs ? and by her crucifixion to the world with all its affections and lusts, become imbued with that Divine Unction from on High which prepared her to co-operate with Christ Jesus in resurrecting souls from the earthly order, or generative plane, and bring them forth into the New Creation, or regenerative life ? Verily, there are sons, and daughters too among us who have risen above all carnal ties, earthly affections, and sordid lusts, and can claim a true knowledge of, and relation to, this heavenly parentage. And, who can feel more grateful, or better appreciate, the advent and mission of the Mother Spirit, than her daughters, who are so abundantly receiving benefits therefrom ? Then, let us not be content to remain inactive and unfruitful; but be quickened to the angel life, by tasting the powers of the world to come ; that we, by travel of soul and tribulation of spirit, may become ' fruitful vines, mothers in Israel,' which our Heavenly Father and Mother (God) can bless. For, if faithful to the high and holy trust committed to our keeping, we can with confidence, lift our souls in prayer, asking Heaven's protection, and claiming the promise that, ' Whatsoever ye ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive.' Although more than eighteen hundred years have elapsed since that precious promise was given, it is still full of inspiring hope. And who, but those who have wrestled with the strong worldly elements inherent in every human heart knows the intrinsic value of those living words, still fragrant with his tender love to erring man, ' Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation.' Oft-times in spirit, do we catch the echo of that wise injunction, which comes floating on the breeze like the whisperings of some winged messenger of peace from the garden of Gethmeane, ' Take heed. Watch! What I say unto you, I say unto all, Watch ! ' Brief yet comprehensive is the exhortation. It furnishes an instructive theme from which profitable sermons might be evolved.— Canterbury, N. H.