CITY SET ON A HILL (A. B. Bradford.) Part II. 4. Their Community Ideas. The Shakers are one of the few Societies that have successfully adopted the Essenean and Apostolic plan of a community of goods. The Mount Lebanon Society own seven thousand acres of land, on which has been bestowed a vast amount of labor, and on which are immense buildings of the most expensive and permanent kind, and all in the most perfect state of repair. Miles upon miles of stone fence have been built, and, as the Shakers do every thing honestly and religiously, these landmarks, like the old cathedrals of Europe, will be as good as new when hundreds of generations shall have passed away. They have immense wealth in manufactories, and the preparation of herbs and garden seeds for sale ; and their productions of all kinds command the market, because implicit confidence can be put in the goodness of the articles they offer. Yet no man among Believers calls aught of all this wealth his own, but they have all things in common. By a division of labor and by the principle of co-operation, a small amount of daily toil by each person secures a vast aggregate of wealth. Yet they are not a money-making community. That is to say, the accumulation of wealth and an extensive business is neither the primary nor the secondary object of their Society. Believing that a competency is all we can enjoy, they are content with an income of thousands, where it might be, if they pleased, scores of thousands. Elder Frederick, who, by common consent, is a leading man among them, and verifies Carlyle's definition of Koenig — king — able man, maintains that the only basis of success for a community is the principle of a celibate life. Marriage, it is alleged, creates selfishness, and produces a diversity of interests, alienations and schisms. This, it must be confessed, has been the case in the history of co-operative associations generally when based upon the community idea ; but whether it inheres as a vice in the system, growing out of the necessity of the case, demands a doubt. But to run no risk, the Shaker, having no wife, jealous and exacting for her children, there is no motive to build up separate interests and create factions. The good of the whole remains the grand object of each one. If any brother or sister tires of this mode of life, and wishes to set up a family dynasty for themselves, they are dismissed with regret, but are not sent away empty. The Shaker Societies do not much increase their numbers. But, if the world only knew of their existence — if those who are disgusted with the hollowness of fashionable society, and are bowed down under the disappointments of life, only knew there was a haven of rest to the wearied soul, where peace, plenty and contentment reign, and where the cup of happiness is filled to the brim, the roads leading to their gates would be filled with travelers who, like Bunyan'a Pilgrim in the city of Destruction, would flee for their lives and happiness to these quiet abodes. For adults of both sexes the inducements are : moderate employment, the most virtuous society, plenty in all its varieties, and freedom from all care as to the future. For parents who bring their children, the best of schools, and a thorough training in all the economical virtues which make life beautiful and reasonable. Gossip and neighborhood scandal, which poison the air of nearly every village in the land, are entirely unknown. Each member of the family has his, or her, place, and function; and order and neatness, with all their correlative virtues, prevail. For a person among the world's people who is weak; that is to say, who cannot withstand temptation in all its forms, and say to the Devil, ' Get thee behind me, Satan,' the Shaker family is the place for him or her. For here, one who desires to repent and forsake sin, and lead a life of purity, finds every person, and thing, and arrangement, calculated to sustain and strengthen. There are no temptations to evil; there are no suggestions of a mis-spent past to torture the soul by reflection ; but forgetting the things that are behind, each person fixes his eye upon the goal in the future, and girds up the loins of his mind to reach it; and I have no doubt that if a Mary Magdalene wished to turn her back upon the past, and set her face Zion-ward, and asked the whitecloud sisterhood to help her in her endeavors to lay hold on eternal life, she would be treated with the same consideration as the other Marys who bless the place with their benign presence. Still, the Community is no orphan asylum, nor widows' asylum, but only a home for all those who feel called and able to lead the beautiful and quiet life they live — a life of industry, and of harmony, and of innocency. 5. Their Neatness and Tidiness. In the cranium of every Shaker, male and female, there is a fine development of the organ of order, and all its cognates. Indeed, it is a prerequisite, and sine qua non, in every applicant for brotherhood and sisterhood, that he or she be perfectly clean, not only in soul, but body, and that they keep every thing around them so. It is beautiful to see, as .one walks through all the departments of a family, how heaven's first law — order — reigns, and how perfect cleanliness prevails. Neither in house, nor barn, nor field, nor shed, can be found any thing that would offend the eye or nostril of the most delicate and fastidious visitor. This perfect cleanliness has much to do with the moral purity of their lives. Degradation and filthiness of the flesh go together ; and so do personal and moral purity. There is a gospel in soap and soft water, for which the world is suffering, and it is the first consideration in all reformatory institutions, whether for the body or the soul. A dirty Shaker is as rare an anomaly as a white raven, and I have never heard that any one of the Community became either crazy or criminal. The agricultural interests of this country are suffering because farmers' sons, as soon as they see a little of the world, become disgusted with farming and go to ' professions ' or swarm to the cities. It is the drudgery, the slovenliness and the want of plan and taste that disgust. Rural occupations are the most independent and pleasing of any on earth. Tradesmen and professional men in Europe, and especially in England, live in cities and make money, only that after a while they may retire to the country and live natural and happy lives. Labor is cheap and they can execute SHA.KEH A-ISTD 26 SHAKEEESS. plans. But, in our country, labor is dear and farming is both a drudgery and wasteful. The recklessness and waste on many a farm, in its expensiveness, eats deep into the year's productions. A young man, who contemplates farming as an occupation, would save money, in the long run, by paying the Shakers to take him for a couple of years and allow him to work with them, and to see and learn the thrifty way they do things. There are large, commodious sheds to accommodate farming implements of all kinds. You see no tool thrown down where it is last used, and lost; no wagons standing out in the weather, week after week, and going into uselessness. There is a place for every thing, and every thing in its place. There is a regular system of farming which includes five years with its rotations of crops. No building is erected on a cheap plan, for all cheap things are dear, and well the Shakers understand the paradox. Their fences are all in order, their houses and barns are all painted. And in all their interior arrangements an eye is had to convenience and economy of labor. A young man trained to their habits, would not only make money in farming, but would take delight in his occupation. A plan which looks ahead five years, and brings money into a man's purse annually, which he feels he has a right to because he has earned it, does away with the idea of expensive drudgery, and makes him proud of his occupation ; and party politics which, for its chances to indulge in gabbling, is so attractive to so many young men in this country, has no attractions for him. With such industry and economy as the Shakers use, and with their large facilities for making money, they yet decline doing so. Their grand object is not to amass wealth,but to live the right kind of life. That their simple diet, their moderate labor, their perfect equanimity of feeling, and entire harmony of views and interests, tend to promote health and long life, is clear from their bills of mortality. 6. Their Worship. To a person who is a total stranger to their religious opinions, the Shaker mode of worship would appear novel. But so would a Roman Catholic mass in the cathedral service appear to a Scotch Cameronian, who, for the first time, witnessed the formality. And so would a Church of England man regard ' fencing the tables ' on an old Covenanter communion occasion; or a Quaker meeting. There is a great advantage in being something of a cosmopolite, and seeing other people's modes of worship, and hearing their opinions. Steamships and railroads have brought nations into close proximity with each other ; or, to use the late canny phrase of the Archbishop of Canterbury, they ' rub shoulders with one another.' Bigotry is a religious vice, which lives and thrives in its own poor half bushel. It has no idea that there exists any more world than there is in its narrow quarters, or if there be, that it is of any manner of account. Hence it condemns all opinions and modes of worship, except its own. But bigotry is under sentence of death by the spirit of the age. The facilities of travel bring Brahmins, Buddhists, Mohammedans, and Christians of all sects, together ; and being gentlemen, instead of boors and g-ahoos, they, with mutual respect, compare notes, and soon find out that there is, underlying all their special religions, and forming the substratum on which they all are built, the grand, yet simple religion of Nature, the oldest and purest of all religions, the equivalent of Christianity, which Jesus and Paul authorize Saint Augustine to say, was always, and everywhere, in the world. Thinking and candid men who are freed from the trammels of superstition, are fast beginning to regard the religion of Nature as the one true, universal religion; and that all the special religions are merely sects, based on it, only less pure, and consistent. Amidst these ameliorating influences, produced by travel and international communication, Shakerism, with its peculiar opinions, and its novel worship, cannot be dismissed with a supercilious toss of the head, which the bigoted ecclesiastic knows so well how to show, but advances its claim to the respectful study of all who feel interested in the different religious opinions and practices of the human family. Men of note and ability, like Archbishop Hughes visit their establishments, where they are treated with marked hospitality, and study their system, and always leave them, as they must, with feelings of admiration for their quiet but heroic lives. I was present, with hundreds of others, most of whom were visitors from Lebanon Springs, and witnessed their form of worship on the Sabbath. At the proper time, the ranks opened gracefully after much singing of hymns ; and one after another, Elder Frederick, and Antoinette Doolittle, addressed the assembly, and gave them such wholesome instructions in the practical duties of life, as they never got in their churches at home. Both the persons named are highly gifted as speakers ; and, while they devote their talents in this line to the interests of the community primarily, they render on suitable occasions, important service to the world outside. 7. It would be a great mistake to suppose that on account of their celibate lives the Shakers are nothing but monks and nuns under another name. Monks live by themselves, and so do nuns. But the Shakers are a Family, living under the same roof as brothers and sisters. Some people who still live like owls, in the twilight of the Middle Ages, imagine that the constant intermingling of the sexes under the same roof must produce licentiousness. Upon this libel against God, and his children, our monastic colleges and female seminaries are built. But the Shakers, believing that the Almighty understands his own plans when he sends boys and girls into the same family, have found out by induction what all might know by deduction, that the daily life of the sexes in the presence of each other, promotes and secures the moral purity and refinement of both, and thus vindicates the ways of God to man. Some sensual mortals, who are themselves unfortunately the children of lust, instead of love, and who cannot understand that a man's pure and ardent affection for a woman would protect her against himself, may entertain a suspicion that, after all, there may be improper intercourse among the Shakers. I believe this has never been charged against them, even by those who have left the Community, and gone back to the world. Shaker celibacy is an effect, and the causes that combine to produce it are many, and various, and powerful. I scorn the suspicion that men and women who esteem celibacy to be a virtue, and for them a religious duty, cannot, with all the motives drawn from heaven and earth, make that attainment. And I regard this fraternity of Christians as accomplishing their end in the great plan of the universe by showing to the world what a degree of perfection human beings can reach, not only in the matter of a celibate life, but in labor, in diet, in giving to woman her proper place as an equal, in contentment,in honesty of dealing and in serene contempt for the empty fashions and pursuits of the world. Having said so much in just praise of the Shaker Community, I must now offer a word of just criticism.