[ From the Irish.] THE SKIN There's a skin without, and a skin within, A covering skin, and a lining skin, But the skin within is the skin without Doubled inwards and carried completely throughout. The palate, the nostrils, the windpipe and throat, Are all of them lined with this inner coat; Which through every part is made to extend — Lungs, liver, and bowels, from end to end. The outside skin is a marvellous plan For exuding the dregs from the flesh of man; While the inner extracts from the food and the air What is needed the waste in his flesh to repair. While it goes well with the outside skin, You may feel pretty sure all's right within ; For if any thing puts the inner skin out Of order, it troubles the skin without. The doctor, you know, examines your tongue, To see if your stomach or bowels are wrong ; If he feels that your hand is hot and dry. He is able to tell you the reason why. Too much brandy, whisky, or gin, Is apt to disorder the skin within ; While, if dirty or dry, the skin without Refuses to let the sweat come out. Good people all! have a care of your skin, Both that without and that within; To the first you'll give plenty of water and soap, To the last little else beside water, we'll hope! But always be very particular where You get your water, your food and your air; For if these be tainted or render'd impure, It will have its effect on your blood — be sure; The food which will ever for you be the best, Is that you like most, and can soonest digest; All unripe fruit and decaying flesh Beware of, and fish that is not very fresh. Your water, transparent and pure as you think it, Had better be filter'd and boiled ere you drink it, Unless you know surely that nothing unsound Can have got to it over or under the ground. But of all things the most, I would have you beware Of breathing the poison of once breathed air; When in bed, whether out or at home you may be, Always open your window and let it go free. With clothing and exercise keep yourself warm, And change your clothes quickly if drenched in a storm : For a cold caught by chilling the outside skin Flies at once to the delicate lining within. All you who thus kindly take care of your skin, And attend to its wants without and within, Need never of small-pox feel any fears, And your skin may last you a hundred years.