VIRGINITY We hail the 'Shaker and ShaTceress,' as a Li fe Boat to the shipwrecked mariner, giving to eveiy honest passenger a safe passport to a higher and still higher sphere. I beg a seat in some corner, for I am a life passenger, bound heavenward. May'st thou plough on and o'er the surging billows of darkness, bigotry, and superstition, until thou hast reached a haven in the great universal heart of humanity. I realize that I am enjoying the great privilege of being one of the Latter-Day virgins, and am called to form a true Christian character, to live pure, as do the angels in heaven. In sincerity of heart, I pray, ' Thy kingdom come ; thy will be done on earth as it is done in heaven.' Virginity, Honesty, Chastity, and disinterested Benevolence, are the great and good principles which rule in that kingdom, and they whose characters are conformed to those principles, will possess it. Virgin Purity is the first principle upon which the Christian or Shaker Church is based; but it is not gained, nor maintained, without heart-struggles and soul-sufferings. The natural man is groveling and selfish. His tendency, without spirituality and the cross, is downward ; but, in a true virgin state, he is continually reaching forward, looking upward, aiming higher. To great heroes and conquerors of nations, what a shocking disappointment, when, by self-examination, they learn the important truth, that ' the least in the kingdom of heaven,' who govern themselves, are greater than they. Though the greatest of sages and heroes of fame, Have left on record an immortalized name. Yet the greatest achievement that mortals can gain, Is over themselves in victory to reign. And such of all nations, from beggars to kings, The Lord hath decreed shall inherit all things. ' Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. Also, ' the pure in heart, for they shall see God.' Those who are truly meek, and form the pure virgin character, realize the truth of those beautiful promises. Such are able to see the source from 'whence come wars and fightings;' that those who are ' pure ' will be ' peaceable.' The only way to become true subjects of the kingdom of heaven is by an honest confession of all sin, accompanied with repentance ; and to crucify the sensual nature, in thought, word, and deed, by denying every animal appetite. By thus doing, the soul is clothed in vestal robes, and the Christian, virgin character is formed, whose love is pure, unselfish and neverfailing ! O, I will prize my glorious call, For life eternal give up all, Make straight my path in purity, For truth alone can make me free. If I possess superior love, 'Twill elevate me far above The vain and transient ties of earth, Where I can find the second birth. But, where is one of common sense Who would, but for a recompense Of life eternal, peace and joy, Their carnal life and loves destroy ? No others can; 'tis those alone Who make the cross of Christ their own, Who daily in his footsteps move ; Such reap the fruits of virgin love. 'And the earth helped the woman.' Triumphant at last, O, frail portion of man, Herald thy vict'ry through God's holy plan ; Earth shall assist thee ; thy virtue shall reign; Stand by man 's side and its power maintain, Hearest thou not the wise Prophet declare, Arise, Virgin Daughter, thy garments prepare! Kings shall adore thee, thou heavenly Bride : Emblem of Purity, stand by his side. Riches and honor, with blessings unseen, Emanate from thee, thou glorious Queen. Sound it aloud, —'Now saltation hath come!' Seek it through Father and Mother as One. Although seasons vanish, flowers perish, Luminaries disappear, Other flowers will bloom as fragrant, Other lights will shine as clear. And those past and present seasons Tell of others yet to come, Bringing with them untold blessings, Far surpassing those now flown. Time is passing ; but Progression Moves along with lightning speed : Though great nations live, and have lived, Others yet will those exceed. Yea, the long sought-for Millennium, Though its star we dimly see, Soon o'er earth will spread' its mantle ' As the waters do the sea.' May we leave to our successors Foot-prints on the shores of time, Of good deeds and noble actions : Be their mission more sublime. Nancy L. Rupe, Pleasant Hill, Ky.