THE FAMILY RELATION It has always been surprising to me that Bible Christians — those who profess to take the Bible for their rule of life and practice, should be so tenacious of minor points, while this subject — the Family Relation — on which so much of their own happiness, and that of their posterity depend, is treated with such neglect. When a child is born into this world, it comes under the law of its parents. The first commandment given to the child is,' Honor thy father and mother ' — 'Children obey your parents.' The law of the parents is binding on the child while it is a minor. If the parents are law-abiding, and bring up their children in the fear of God, if they provoke them not, if they forbear threatening, and set a godly example, then they may with confidence look for a blessing to crown their efforts. When children arrive at maturity, they come under another law, which frees them from the law of their parents. By mutual agreement, they take the relation of husband and wife. Now the man is to ' forsake father and mother, and cleave to his wife, and they twain shall be one flesh.' In the book of Malachi, the question is asked and answered, ' Wherefore one ? That he (God) might seek a godly seed.' If none had children but those who produce ' a godly seed' surely there would not be so many more mouths than bread to fill them. The race has become wonderfully degenerate ; and, as the curse comes not causeless, would it not be well to seek for the cause, and if possible find the remedy ? Are men and women living according to either Law or Gospel, in their family relations ? If not, will they not be held accountable ? Suppose you, that there was a requirement made which it was of no consequence whether it be complied with or not ? Let us see what the requirement is. (I am speaking to those who acknowledge Bible authority). St. Paul said, ' Wives submit yourselves to your own husbands, as unto the Lord, for the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the Head of the Church. Therefore, as the Church is subject to Christ, so let wives be to their own husbands in every thing. Husbands love your wives even as Christ loved the Church and gave himself for it.' The Apostle, after stating what Christ has done for the Church, and for what purpose, goes on to say, ' So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies; and let their wives see that they reverence their husbands.' And St. Peter tells them ' not to let their adorning be that outward adorning of plaiting the hair, and wearing gold and putting on of apparel, but let it be the hidden man (woman) of the heart, even the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit. Likewise ye husbands, dwell with them according to knowledge [according to science — scientifically], giving honor unto the wife as unto the weaker vessel, and being heirs together of the grace of life, that your prayers be not hindered.' References could be multiplied to a much greater extent, bat these may suffice, to show the vast difference that exists between the Bible requirements, and the practice of those who profess to be governed by Christian principles. The above are some of the requirements by which people should be governed in the natural or generative order; and were these precepts religiously observed by both parties, we should soon see a very different state of thing8. Divorces would be less frequent. And if the results of divorcement, as stated by one superior to Moses, were observed, there would be but few who would be willing to marry her who had been put away: ' I say unto you, whosoever shall put away his wife, except it be for fornication, and shall marry another, committeth adultery. And whoso marrieth her that is put away, doth commit adultery.' But there is a holier state than that of matrimony; for even those who were said to be ' holy women of old,' when in the works of generation, had to bring their sin offering after being excluded from the congregation for a prescribed length of time ; thus showing the need of regeneration and obedience to a higher and holier law. But so long as the wife's desire [lust] is to her husband, so long will he rule over her; for this is the marriage covenant, and is and will be binding so long as she remains on that plane. The ' law of Christ makes us free from the law of sin and death.' There was a ' new covenant' spoken, which was to supplant ' that which was old and ready to vanish away.' It was said of Christ's second appearing, ' that to those who look for him, he will appear the second time without sin unto salvation.' In that day, they who were not able to bear a full cross were tolerated; but the Apostle said that he ' could not speak to them as spiritual, but as carnal.' And he told them that the time was short when this indulgence could be allowed. ' It remaineth that both they that have wives be as though they had none. I would,' says lie, ' have you without carefulness. He that is married careth for the things of the world, how he may please his wife. He that is unmarried careth for the things that belong to the Lord, how he may please the Lord. There is a difference also between a wife and a virgin. The unmarried woman careth for the things of the Lord, that she may be holy both in body and spirit. But she that is married careth for the things of the world, how she may please her husband.' Now, those who have lived up to the requirements given to those in the natural order, have had a discipline which will be of great benefit to them when they advance to the higher (or spiritual order), or to the work of regeneration, where it is required to give up all, and make an entire consecration, according to the words of Jesus Christ, when he said, ' Except a man forsake all that he hath, he cannot be my disciple.' On one occasion, the disciples said to him : ' We have left all and followed thee, what shall we have therefor ? He replied that they who had followed him in the regeneration, should have ' a hundred fold more in this world; and, in the world to come, eternal life.' Under the first law the man was to ' forsake father and mother, and cleave to his wife, and they twain were to be one flesh,' with the injunction, that 'what God had joined together let not man put asunder.' Let us consider how they were joined together. They mutually agreed to live together as man and wife, and were pronounced such by the officiating party. Now, have they not the same right to agree to live no longer as husband and wife, but as brother and sister, that they may rise to a higher plane, and, by the cross and self-denial, devote themselves to the cause of God and humanity ? Where is the ' putting away f ' By the first agreement they became one flesh, by the second, one spirit, by being joined to the Lord. When we have consecrated our substance, time, and talents, to the cause of God, and the salvation of our own and other souls, then can we with confidence pray, ' Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as in heaven ;' for then our prayers and efforts will correspond, showing that we pray in faith. Ruth Webster, Union Village