TELL ME WHERE Many times while attending the funerals of our dear departed friends have I been impressed with the thoughts, Where is the heaven that the spirit enters when death has claimed its mortal part ? Where is the spirit's abode ? From which the following lines were suggested to my mind : Vale of shadows, soon I leave thee : Pleasures false and treasures fair, Lose their power to deceive me; I am going ! going where ? Who, O who, can solve the question ? When we see the curtain fall, Then we know the soul's departing ; But we do not know it all. Earthly hopes and prospects waning, Things divine grow bright and fair; Days but few to me remaining, I am going; tell me where. Sorrow views a far-off heaven, Joy beholds it near at hand, Rapture gives the soul a foretaste Of the blessing in that land, Fair Elysium, who can find thee, Where located, high or low ? They who say The Lord design'd thee, Have not told us where to go. Poets sing of glorious heavens, Myriads chanting praises there ; Paradise, with bowers lovely, Yet they do not tell us where. What is heaven? Where is heaven? Saints and sages, tell me where. I must go! I know I'm going, And I trust it will be there. Christ declared, saith an Apostle, Heaven's kingdom is within. Dear to me is that sweet heaven. Here my hope and joys begin. Like my Saviour, I am dyingConquering every inward foe ; By a life of self-denial, Forming heaven here below. But this transient world I'm leaving, Going to Eternity, Fair and happy clime celestial; Tell me then where it may be. Shining throne of Lord Jehovah, Where the angels doff their crowns. Veil their faces from his brightness, While in rev'rence bowing down. Who hath seen those realms so glorious, Happy myriads dwelling there, Eeigning over death victorious ? Ye who've seen them, tell me where. Satan too, hath he a region Where the evil-minded dwell ? Condemnations burning legions, In the awful pit of hell ? From the Lord and all his angels Banish'd ! doom'd to black despair ? If there is such woe, I'm sorry ; And you will not find me there. There is not where I am going ; I am bound for Eden fair. Sighings hush'd, and blessings flowing, All I ask is, tell me where. Hannah P. Agnew, Mt. Lebanon