SHAKERESS: PROPHETS A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS Modern prophets have read and re-read the predictions of the ancient Seers, and inhaled the breath of inspirational life from them; and have so much admired the high-toned eloquence and purity of thought and language flowing through them, that they have bowed and done them reverence. Many, while perusing the touching Bible story of Abraham, when he journeyed with his beloved son Isaac from Beersheba to mount Moriah, have honored him for his firmness of purpose in yielding obedience to the call of God to him, and have admiringly followed him at a distance, and beheld his courage and faith, when he set his face toward the land to which his God was about to lead him. Slowly, but firmly, step by step, he ascended the mount, ready to sacrifice his dearest loved one on earth, to evidence the greater love that he felt to his God, whom he professed to serve. But how many, in our own time, possess faith enough to sacrifice their Isaacs, when called to do so ? Ah! says one, ' We have fallen upon different times! Our God is tender and compassionate ! He saw Abraham's faith and felt his sore trial and grief, while proving his integrity to principle.' And God said '/ will make a great sacrifice once for all! ' And He sent his only Son into our world as a ransom for the race of man, and thus released us from the performance of such painful duties. Now, all that remains for us to do is to believe on his Son, and rely upon his atoning blood that was shed on Calvary, and chant requiems of praise to him, and all will be well; for he loves us so well, he will wink at all our transgressions, and cancel all our debts for us. Our earth-life is short, and we purpose getting all the pleasure out of it that we possibly can, and trust to his merits for the future.' Many have revered the character of the Leader and Deliverer of ancient Israel, as they have traced the history of his travels through the wilderness, and his patient endurance and perseverance with that murmuring and oftentimes rebellious people. He was possessed of human frailties as well as they ; and was a partaker of all the trials and temptations to which they were subject, which he resisted, and encouraged his people to do the same; and he became a practical law-giver by carrying the principles and laws, which he enunciated, into effect in his own life. There is grandeur and beauty in the account of his approach to mount Sinai with the seventy elders, who were commanded to worship afar off, while Moses, alone, was allowed to draw near; how, in vision, they saw the God of Israel, whose feet were placed upon sapphire stone like unto the body of heaven in clearness ; and the communings of the Spirit with Moses on the Mount, the burning bush; the voice of the trumpet; the thunderings and lightnings, and the cloud which rested there. But we would ask: Have those signal manifestations of power any particular bearing upon the people of this generation? Have we nothing to do but to read, wonder, and admire? Or, were the dealings of the God of the Jews with the people, at that time, written and preserved for the admonition and benefit of succeeding generations? How much easier it is to think well of covenants that were made with our fathers, a long time ago, than it is for us to make new covenants, which require new sacrifices. The code of laws given through Moses, still possess great power; and there is a spirit at work, seeking to infuse new life into them, that they may take practical effect in a physical and moral point of view upon the habits and lives of the people of our own time. The Mosaic Dispensation is the basis upon which the Christian Dispensation must rest. If we destroy the one, and render it ineffectual, we shall do the same by the other. And, when we acknowledge God's power in ages past, and profess to believe in the fulfillment of prophecy in the future, yet are unwilling that those prophecies should be fulfilled in our time, and take effect in us, because of some sacrifice that we must make, and a cross that would follow as a sequence, then we give evidence of the want of living practical faith and true honesty of purpose. God will not be mocked with vain and empty professions. If we cry ' Lord ! Lord! ' we must have corresponding works, or He will not know us in the covenant of redemption. He will own and honor only those who, through a spirit of unselfish devotion, honor Him.