Dear Sister C'apen: How do you and yours prosper, and how in particular does your soul prosper ? For I do not believe you are one who ever can become so absorbed in worldly cares as to forget its interests; although, like all human beings, you may mistake in the manner of protecting and advancing those interests. You and I were well acquainted in time past, as you may remember, holding in common much experience and many opinions; but it is a long time since we met. You thought at that time (if I mistake not), that you, by a transient visit, knew some little about Shakers, sufficient to justify you in rejecting their principles and practices. Since I became acquainted with both the one and the other, I have not ceased to be astonished that so many good, honest, piouslydisposed people, as far as I can see or know, decide about and pass over this important question: ' What can this people mean by their profession and practice ?' On my first and last visit to Dorchester, my old and muchloved home, I called upon a sister occupying a prominent position in the Church, expressing to her the delight I felt in finding a people who were really Christians. She said, ' Oh, wait, sister, till you have lived with them a while ; you will not stay long after you really find them out.' Well, I have tried it twentyfive years, and have failed to find any thing of what she darkly hinted. Do you remember what you once thought of a married life, as to its effect upon the spiritual life, and the text you gave me, when I urged you to take care of Brother Capen's children ? You told me very truly and wisely, that Paul said, a married woman would care for the things of the world, how she might please her husband, but the unmarried was free to care how she might please the Lord, and keep herself holy in body and spirit. You also reminded me how women, we had both known and honored, had counted themselves as having fallen from their high state of holiness, when they entered on a married life, or at least as maintaining their profession with increased trial and uncertainty. Yet, with all this, how slow have I and others been to discern the truth. It would ill become me, who have been in darkness so dense, to fault my friends because they may be slow to see light; for notwithstanding my zeal and earnestness in those days, looking back upon them it is plainly to be seen, that, in spiritual things, I did not know my right hand from my left; and can only be thankful that I had as little influence and did so little evil. Whatever may be thought by those who count themselves good and wise, it will be seen in the end, to be a great attainment to really know the flesh from the spirit, and to which we are really giving in our adhesion; for the word is, if we sow to the spirit we shall reap life eternal: but, if we sow to the flesh, we shall of the flesh reap corruption. If, instead of crucifying, we will persist in cultivating, the crop will be abundant and sure ; for, whatever man may be, God is not mocked or deceived. You, my dear sister, may think it passing strange that I should name this plain scripture to one who has quoted it so often in public and in private, as I have heard you. Still you are aware that it is the experience of yourself and others, that we may read and quote Scripture and imagine ourselves familiar with its meaning. Yet, after awhile, the heavens may open and a ray of light fall upon the subject in question, giving it a significance and importance not seen before. What, let me ask, in all humility, are the affections of the flesh, if not those originated and fostered by its ties ? And how came we to be so blind as not to see it? I think no soul can understand this matter until they clearly know that the light and call of the Gospel concerns the body as well as the soul; the former called to be a fit temple for an indwelling holy spirit. This (it seems to me) must be something very different and opposed to the uses to which the flesh consigns it, i. e. a prey to the lusts of men, I grant you, in many cases, a willing prey. Justice requires that we admit this truth, but does this fact lessen the degradation ? Surely not! On the contrary, it has been maintained, by wise men and thinking women, that the darkest feature of slavery was that it rendered some of its victims willing to remain slaves! There, sister dear, I have written what was in my mind, and prayerfully hope it may do no harm. It is a blow aimed at the root of all sin ; and, in this day of the world's history, it seems not best to spend much time or strength lopping branches, if one has any hope of reaching the root. A more pleasant subject upon which to write might be found : could there be a more important one ? The loss and consequent misery of humanity is a sad subject, but it looks to me that, if tongue and pen be consecrated to the highest use of this hideouslyfallen world, delicacy and modesty, which have been so long and persistently ignored in the commission of sin, must of necessity be laid a little on one side, while we grapple with the deadly monster. If the vail cast over the face of all nations is ever effectually rent, every son and daughter of the second Adam should feel like contributing their mite dismissing forever overweening delicacy and worldly mock-modesty. Nancy Fairbanks, Harvard, Mass.