TWELVE REASONS WHY NO RATIONAL BEING SHOULD USE TOBACCO 1. The habit is at war with temperance. Tobacco is an intoxicant. It is a part of the merchandise of dram-shops and an incentive to drunkenness. The toper, rebuked by a professed teetotaler, with a quid or a cigar in his mouth, might pertinently respond : 'Physician heal thyself.' 2. The habit is a self-indulgence in flagrant conflict with the self-denying spirit of the Divine Founder of Christianity. It numbers among its slaves more than 150 millions of human beings. It hinders moral reform, and it impedes progress. 3. The habit is essentially filthy, and 'cleanliness,' says the proverb, ' is next to godliness.' Ladies of refinement involuntarily shrink from the man who chews, or snuffs, or smokes, unless custom has rendered them indifferent to these vile practices. 4. The lips of a tobacco chewer, or habitual smoker, are swelled and saturated with a disgusting poison, the gums are spongy and tender, and the whole mouth and throat affected by its use. 5. The habit of using tobacco is inconsistent with the character of a Christian gentleman. ' St. Paul,' Bishop Hooker tells us, ' was emphatically a gentleman.' Would he have poisoned the air with sickening smoke, or deluged the floor with liquid fllthiness ? Never! 6. The habit injures the voice. The smoker articulates huskily. The chewer often croaks. The snuffer speaks through his nose. 7. The habit is costly. Official statistics show that more money was spent for tobacco in the United States during 1871 than for bread —the staff of life. $350,000,000 for tobacco in its various forms. $200,000,000 for flour within the year! 8. The habit often lowers the self-respect of those who practice it. 'I love my pipe,' said a clergyman, 'but I despise myself for using it.' 9. The habit disturbs the regular pulsation of the heart. Tobacco users are thus in constant danger. Many fall dead suddenly. 10. The habit weakens the mind. It enfeebles the memory, paralyzes the will, produces morbid irritability, diseases the imagination, deadens the moral sensibilities, and is, therefore, an ' assault and battery ' on the nervous system, the intellect and the soul. 11. The habit is a rebellion against Conscience. Those who indulge in it know that it wastes time, money, strength, and life, and tramples on the laws of Nature, which are the laws of God. Hence it is a sin. 12. The habit is as contagious as the cholera. Every mature smoker or chewer infects dozens of youths with a desire to follow his pernicious example. Thus the evil spreads. Bondsmen of ' tobacco,' break your chains! After a month of abstinence you will not care for the poison, and within a year after your selfemancipation, you will loathe it. It is God's command that you do yourself no willful harm. For this reason, added to those already placed before you, give up the use of tobacco forthwith and forever. Ex.