THEOLOGY vs. RELIGION Modern ideas and conceptions of Religion and Theology are so inextricably mixed and con- founded together, by education and custom, that the terms seem identical, or synonymous, so much so, that Theology has become surrounded with a halo of holiness, and is credited with the generous and noble promptings of our better feelings, to the sanctification of the most absurd and meaningless forms, formularies, and ceremonies in the worship of God. Theology is of the intellect; while Religion has its root in the affections. ' God is Love.' Hence, ' pure and undefiled Religion,' expresses itself in good works ; Theology, in words and believings. Heligion is constantly seeking for more light, evolving new truths from all sources, wherewith to benefit humanity, without any regard to creedal Theology. For her love is universal — God expressing Itself through creation. Theology has installed herself as dress-maker in chief to Religion. But Religion gives her a great deal of trouble, as she is constantly outgrowing her raiment; nor will she be clothed by rule, or wear the costly garments cut out for her, except for a short season. That which Religion plants, she soon plucks up ; and that wliich she builds, in her next mode of change, she pulls down. While Theology is stationary — stereotyped — always looking back, and going backward for perfection. Theology insists that religion shall take the best of human souls to heaven, to praise the Lord in glory, and sing psalms to all eternity. While Religion persists in remaining upon earth, being intent upon redeeming its inhabitants ; is anxious about our moral characters, and spiritual welfare; would fain look after our poor mortal bodies, and save them from the doctors ; is deeply interested in the laws and rights of property, and in a proper and equal disposal of land. She would gladly exterminate all the vices so prevalent among mankind, and which produce armies and navies, that, in their turn, breed slavery, poverty, and destitution of the elements of existence. When, by the inspiration of the Almighty, Religion succeeds in elevating some one individual as a Reformer, Leader — a doer of good — 'above his fellows,' like Noah, Abraham, Moses, Jesus, or Ann, back comes Theology ingreat haste to ' kill' and embalm the Avator, for all future generations, in coming ages, to idolize and worship. Religion toils and works forever, to make us rational, comfortable, and happy here. She would condescend to teach us what and how to eat, to dress, and sleep; how to work, how to build well-lighted and ventilated houses and barns ; and how to cultivate our land, so as not to raise disease-creating produce therefrom ; how to meet the thousand and one conditions of life with common sense. But ' Piety ' becomes offended, and old Theology is horrorstricken ; and so we languish to-day, vainly hoping for the ' coming man' (or woman), the opportunity of to-morrow. The world needs men and women whose hearts are full to overflowing with religion, who will heed her behests; those who can walk the streets of life nerved and unmoved, while the finger of ridicule is pointed at them ; when malice, scorn, and misrepresentation assail them, who can forego — pass by — gold, pleasure, and ambition, untainted, while loving and seeking to help and uplift humanity ; and who dare to worship at other thrones than that of dead Theology. It was Theology, not Heligion, that caused human beings to malign, persecute, burn, and crucify each other in the name of God or Christ. It has not been Religion, but Theology, that has held and practised the ' doctrines of devils ;' sacrificing and embittering the lives of millions of earth's inhabitants. Whereas, Religion molds the hearts of her adherents, in all races and nations, into a unity of purpose and action, breathing peace and good-will, and recognizing the equal rights of all peoples, and of both sexes. Thus, by its fruits, proving its Divine origin from the one Fountain — God — who is Wisdom and Love. The Theology of a past cycle distracts the human mind, by conflicting with the inspiration and revelation of the present cycle. It drives men into antagonisms and animosities for mere difference of opinion ; making them ' hateful, and hating one another.' It is the sensual gratification of the animal appetites and perverted passions, so common among men and women, that causes the extreme ignorance of physical and spiritual truths that almost everywhere abounds. Therefore it is, that ' light is sown only for the righteous'—those who practice selfdenial. Indeed, it is effete Theology — not Religion — that is now seeking to restore the cruelty and horrors of the past ' dark ages,' by putting its imaginary Trinitarian God, and the man-made Bible, into the Constitution of our common country. This insidious attack upon liberty all good citizens should unite to resist and to counteract. Thomas Smith, Canaan, N. Y.