WASTE BASKET I am pleased to learn through the ' Shaker and Shakeress ' that there is a waste basket ready to receive contributions, and I am encouraged to make an offering therefor, lest it may not be well filled. Were I able, I would gladly aid the little sheet on its mission, for I feel a deep interest in it. It is always welcome as it makes its monthly visits to our mountain home, so richly laden with treasures of wisdom, and good, wholesome truths, so essential to the life and growth of all true Believers. It has come to us as a bright-winged Angel of Peace, and the mature thoughts and new ideas, fresh from spirit spheres, which have found expression through its columns, have given strength, hope, and comfort to many weary but patient travelers up progression's steep ascent. And, when I reflect that the ' Shaker and Shakeress,' on its errand of love, is visiting so many towns and hamlets, and is read by thousands of people, not only in our own country, but also in foreign lands, I regard it as the most important missionary enterprize ever engaged in by Believers, and one that all should feel an interest in sustaining by every means within their power. If, by self-sacrifice and individual effort, we can advance the cause, and aid in the great work of human redemption from the thraldom of sin, and from the blinding and deafening influences of antichristian errors upon the spiritual senses of the unenlightened, how thankful we should be to give our best efforts in this direction. We may plead inability; but shall we, dear Shaker friends, take our ease, and act the sluggard's part, and cast all the responsibility upon others, who are already struggling and toiling to the extent of their powers ? Nay, let us all work together for the upbuilding of the Gospel of Christ, which breathes peace and good will to the sons and daughters of earth. By so doing, we shall manifest our love to God and to humanity, and an appreciation of the noble efforts which many have made, and are still making, to carry forward the work of soul elevation. Rhoda R. Hollister, Mt. Lebanon