'SHAKER AND SHAKERESS.' Many thanks and blessings on you, dear friends, for sending out into this benighted, confused, strife-mongering, lust-polluted world your precious paper. Your pointed testimony against selfishness, lust, and other vices, which the churches of the world tolerate, is opening the eyes of honest truth-seekers, and strengthening and encouraging the weak and faint, who have been made so by the high professing and low prejudices of those who claim to be the Churches of Christ. Were it lot for the ' Shaker and Shakeress,' the rising generation would grow up in ignorance of the true Christian spirit and principles, being taught as they are, by their own divines, that God is a God of war; and that, instead of being saved from sin and its consequences here, they must wallow on through filthiness till death places them in better conditions. Thousands who have been seeking the truth, and have sunk almost into despair at the practices of the fashionable churches, but know not where else to look for good, are now blessing you for the plain truths and teachings sent forth to them in your paper. For, while others are blinding and bewildering the world with creeds, theories, and mysteries, which neither they nor anybody else understand, you are making the highway of holiness so plain that a child may understand it. You confine or apply religion to daily life. ' Turn from that which is evil, and cleave to that which is good, in all your thoughts, words and acts,' is the true Christian and the true Shaker doctrine ; and, when people obey, they will soon see the absurdity of sinning all their lives, and then asking to be made clean and whole by the blood of one who died eighteen hundred years ago. We shall all find just as much salvation from sin and its consequences, here and hereafter, as we work for, and no more. The death of a thousand men called Jesus, or Christ, never will entitle us to salvation, here or hereafter, one whit further than we possess in ourselves the Spirit of Christ, and work it out in our daily lives. Teaching people that Christ suffered for our sins, that we may spend our lives in transgression, and then, on our death-beds, make a dodge by the devil, and land in heaven pure and perfect saints, all fitted for immortal glory and happiness, is one of the greatest sins or errors ever committed, as it gives liberty to travel through life in sin, and to enter, without pre- paration, a state of existence whose very beginning requires that all the faculties and powers of our souls should be trained to the highest perfection. If men had ever been taught the great truth that salvation and happiness, here and hereafter, depends on our own individual efforts in our daily lives to purify ourselves from all sin and wrong-doing, we should now have a very different state of society. The ' Shaker and Shakeress,' is now teaching these blessed truths ; and may the Father and Mother of all that is good, and all the holy angels, aid in impressing the importance of these truths on the world, and the Churches of the world, which a false theology has covered with almost Egyptian darkness. I rejoice to see that you are bearing a testimony against putting God and Christ into the Constitution, which would be opening the door for the union of Church and State, which would finally lead to the rekindling of the fires of persecution, that were extinguished with the tears and blood of millions of those who were the real salt and light of the earth, and, for want of whose lighteous teachings, the world has been groping in spiritual darkness ever since. Man, without a Divine spirit to control and guide him, is the same in all ages ; and, if we give graceless priests, who believe in pauperhouses, prisons, the gallows, and in war, power to lord it over the world, they will persecute those who cannot conscientiously indorse them as severely now as did their brethren in the ages that have passed. And then, what mockery, what rank blasphemy, to put the name of God, who is Love, and of Christ, ' the Prince of Peace,' into the Constitution of a Government whose country is filled with forts, arsenals, powder-houses, with a standing army and navy, and which is now spending thirty millions a year for war purposes in a time of peace I Would God and Christ accept the office and honor which these ignorant fanatics are endeavoring to force upon them ? Go on in your good work : the holy angels, and the hearts of all pure men and women, must be with you. Jer. Hacker, Berlin, N. J.