Union of church and state [From the Albany Morning Express.] UNION OF CHURCH AND STATE. VIEWS OF A PROMINENT SHAKER. Mt. Lebanon, Columbia Co., N. Y., March 15, 1873. Editor Morning Express: Respected Friend : I send you a copy of my St. George's Hall lecture, and a pamphlet. I hope your life may be spared until you can look through them. It may be that you will be the better prepared for the interesting change, after digesting their contents. If good came ' out of Nazareth,' why may not light come out of Shakerdom? If we must have a union of ' Church and State ' in this nation, I propose that the Shaker Church be the one to be thus united to the Civil Government. There are grave reasons why this union should be consummated. The President has already extended a fraternal hand toward the Shakers' Order, saying, ' I believe that our great Master is preparing the world, in his own good time, to become one nation, speaking one language, and when armies and navies will be no longer required.' This is his language ; it is ours. Here is a basis of union with our Church not to be elsewhere found. It is self-evident that a Civil Government, having such a ' high and holy faith' in Millennial principles, that will eventually exterminate sensuality, poverty, slavery and war, can form no permanent union with any of the churches of Babylon, Christendom—churches who believe in, and have, for 1260 years, practised war — holding their prisoners as slaves — thus creating poverty, rich and poor, bond and free, male and female, Jew and Gentile, who, vociferously denouncing the brotherhood of Humanity, never agree except when baptised into, and whilst bathing in the stagnant waters of the ' Social Evil: ' in thai they are one flesh. ' What concord hath Christ and Belial, or what fellowship hath light with darkness ? ' What union can there ever be between a civil Government that ' believes' in the Powers of Peace —the Millennium — and fighting churches, who carry the ' Bible in one hand, and Sharp's rifle in the other? ' By all means, let us have a union of Church and State. But let it be between a peace'believing' Government on the one hand, and a peace practising Church, on the other. This will follow: The Shaker Church, 'rendering unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's,' will let the Civil Government, then to be composed equally of male and female officers, the executives of laws protective of person and property, without discrimination of sex, color or nationality, attend to all civil matters between one citizen and another, relating to ' the life that now is,' and the Shaker Church will, under the influence of Spiritualism, regulated by religious inspiration, occupy itself with the far more important afFaiijs of ' the world to come.' And at the same time knowing, as none others can know, that the 'price' of good, once gained, is 'eternal vigilance,' it will see to it (geese did once on a time save the Roman citadel), that no one of the adulterous, worldly churches, that 'believe' in war, its causes, and sequences, shall ever intervene between itself and the Civil Government of these United States, which is a home for persons of all kindreds, tribes, peoples, tongues, nations, and races, with all their antagonizing theologies and diversities of Bibles. 'Let us have Peace.' F. W. Evans