MEDITATION David said, ' the meditation of my heart shall be of understanding.' Many benefits are derived from serious and candid meditation, and much is lost for the want of it. Those who, without due reflection, eagerly rush forward in pursuit of pleasure are often surrounded by difficulties and dangers from which they cannot extricate themselves. Bitter regrets and remorse of conscience have fallen to the lot of those who have yielded to the impulse of evil passions instead of giving place to calm deliberation upon caw.se and effect. A proper use of the reflective powers of mind would prevent atrocious crimes, would stay the murderous hand, restrain the fraudulent heart, and lead to works of virtue and love, which would not only give individual happiness but would be a blessing to others. How often we see the young and inexperienced, who are self-reliant, move on in their own will, regardless of the counsel of parents and the cautions of their dearest friends, until they plunge themselves into irretrievable ruin, bringing guilt and shame upon themselves and blighting the fond hopes of their best friends. 0 that all would learn to heed the voice of conscience, and reflect and consider wisely, and let the monitor within warn them of danger, and assist them to examine the motives which prompt to action ! In thus doing, integrity might be maintained, unblemished morals preserved, and direful effects averted. There is peace and serenity in calm meditation. In the hour Of reflection and contemplation, we enlarge our conceptions of the Creator of the universe, and of the laws which govern the creation. Those who are thus exercised can say, as did one anciently, ' 0 how I love thy law ! it is my meditation all the day.' The beauty and harmony of God's works unfold to the view as we study his laws, from which we learn the practical duties of the present life, and how to prepare for that life which is eternal. Hallowed and blest is the hour of meditation! Our hearts would expand, and our conceptions of the Divine would be enlarged, were we to frequently consider his unbounded beneficence in giving to mortals a rational, understand- ing mind, capable of infinite expansion and reflecting the likeness of our Eternal Parents. Elizabeth Sears, Mt. Lebanon