TREASURE ' Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.' — Matthew&gt; 6 :21. In whatever we take an interest, wherever our affections are placed, to whatever object or enterprise our feelings are attracted, and there we give our solicitude and care, there is our heart and soul, there are our riches — treasures corresponding with the amount of affection and labor bestowed. Such objects are liable to become idols, permanent idols of the heart, gods of worship. Unto such, we infer philosophically, we give our strength and support, not only while the soul is tabernacled in earth, but they being treasures of the soul, we cling to them when mortality is put off. Is not man the mind ? Hence man is the soul, which changes only as it becomes degraded and lowered, or as it finds progress. It is therefore ignorance, or a weakness of the human heart, to suppose that physical death converts the soul, and that then man becomes another, or a ' new creature.' ' In the place where the tree f alleth, there it shall be ;' and Job tells us, there is hope in it. The mortal is dropped and cast off; the immortal eternally lives, and, wherever it exists, is capable of the reception of increasing light, and consequently progress. Otherwise, why the mission of Jesus to the souls of the departed, that ' were disobedient in the days of Noah ? ' 1st Pet. 3 : 19. That service implies progress ; his mission was to preach salvation in those prisons to the ignorant and wicked ; to enlighten them, elevate them, evincing that they were capable of receiving his testimony, and also of being saved by it. Otherwise, the mission of Jesus must have been not only fruitless, but foolish. Those antediluvians, realizing their lost condition from disregard to the preaching of Noah, found justice incorporated in the character of the Almighty, as He did not leave them in their ignorance, without providing a means of rescue from wrath and judgments eternal, by and through the saving Gospel of Jesus. Here they became interested in light, which attracted their minds ; and they sought relief in giving their hearts to his testimony, which began to furnish their souls with treasure. In this we see not only the wisdom, but the infinity of God, leaving not even the prisons of darkness beyond the grave so closed as to prevent the visitation of mercy, and thereby deprive the ignorant of light and means of protection. God, our Heavenly Father and Mother, is a rational Being, just and merciful, abounding in every consistent means to meet the rightful wants of his creatures ; so equitable in the distribution of justice, that He will bestow nothing unearned, as a permanent blessing. His laws are immutable: obeyed, they yield a just recompense, affording freedom of spirit, and protection, and j ustification of soul; disobeyed, man reaps the fruit of condemnation, his soul is brought into slavery, on every side his way becomes hedged, his path is strewed with perplexing and troublesome obstacles, and his life is sold to bondage and suffering. Thus, of all earthly means of rescue or relief he becomes stripped, he loseth the control of that which he seemeth to have, and it becometh not his own; therefore even that which he hath not is taken from him. Matthew 4: 24. Thus, left to himself to pay the utmost farthing for transgression, he finds little, within or without, but weakness ; and, being robbed of strength, the power of attraction acting upon goodness is measurably lost, and those energies calculated for the exaltation of the soul, are still weaker for action. Man's only alternative in this condition, however powerless and weak, is humiliation, and cries to the God of Heaven for help. Eealizing, when brought to destitution, that salvation is not found in an arm of flesh, he discovers that his only reliable strength is in God; his only refuge, in heaven. His interest being awakened in that direction, he seeks a treasure there; and, deriving an evidence of unfolding truths, his soul becomes convicted. Learning therefrom, that Gospel riches are obtained only by sacrifice, only by closing the senses against the admission of ungodly influences, giving no place in the heart to selfishness, allowing no indulgence of appetite or passion that would stain his moral or religious purity — that would animalize his soul or lower his condition or character in the sight of angels ; and learning also that he is not his own, he resolves, whatever the circumstances, and however great the sacrifice, to become a Christian, that his life and all pertaining thereunto must be and shall be consecrated wholly and forever unto God and the maintenance of truth. This is the ' narrow way, and few there be who find it.' Elder A. Perkins, Enfield, N. H.