FULFILLMENT OF PROPHECY Inspiration from the higher spheres should be ever welcome to our hearts, whether per- taining to the work of the present time or to the greater glory of the advancing Millennial Day. In this way, how often do we feel the Spirit witnessing with our spirits that the promises of God are sure, and that to the increase of his work there will be no end. He hath purposed to have a people on the earth who will do his will, and live in obedience to, and in harmony with, the original laws of their own being, and keep pace with increasing light, and who will from principle perform every duty. Prophets in all ages, when under the guidance of true inspiration, have pointed to such a people and work. How earnestly did the prophet Isaiah testify of a coming people, who should be washed from all filth and be purged by the spirit of judgment, and be refined by the spirit of burning, until all that remained in Jerusalem should be called holy, and have the'r names written among the living. And, for her glory and defense, the cloud should overshadow and form a covert by day from the heat and storm, and the fiery pillar should be her defense by night; and a tabernacle should be formed, whereunto those who were weary of the conflicts of life, and (through prolonged struggle) had battled against error, could flee for safety and find rest. Why should we fear to meet the shaking work promised through the same Prophet, and flee to the cragged rocks for a hiding place ? The strongholds of sin are destined to be shaken, and Babylon must fall! Her walls will crumble; the elements are already at work, and the process of disintegration is going on. And, as human efforts cannot thwart the purposes of God, would it not be wiser and better to co-operate with the Divine will, and bless the agencies sent to pull down the false, and to establish the true; and thus help to hasten the time when science and religion will walk hand in hand, that order may be established in the world of mind and matter, and that pure and undefiled religion, which will mold the character, and fit the soul for the society of redeemed spirits in regions supernal, may triumph over all ? Jane D. Knight, Mt. Lebanon