MEDIATOR. PART II That system, institution, or individual, who possesses the most light and truth and the purest inspiration, is the best prepared for, and the nearest to, the ' kingdom of heaven.' To such were the oracles and promises and prophecies committed. The children of Abraham, by natural generation, had many important advantages over those whose parents disregarded the natural sciences that were practically operative in the Mosaic economy — godly agriculture and physiological knowledge relative to nutrition and reproduction — that has no parallel in history. 'The land is mine, saith the Lord' — the Hebrew God. And the priesthood divided the land to each tribe, family, and person; while the historian of the future, — the Prophet, — caused the ' meek to inherit the earth,' and allotted to each one a ' vine and a fig-tree ' growing thereupon. The Jew gloried in his superior physical organization; but his eyes were inverted, turned back, while staying himself upon the spiritual gifts of his ancients, — the saints, Prophets and Prophetesses, Noah, Abram, Moses, Elias or John the Baptist,— and upon their wonderful works, great faith, and their sufferings and self-denial, yet he exalted their personalities just as the same spirit to-day exalts Jesus and Ann. ' Whom makest thou thyself? Art thou greater than our great ones ? ' The Jew was blind, and ' knew not' of the saints and saviours then in Jerusalem. These had to be their own witnesses, by their works, to which they appealed. Who worship the persons of the dead past will persecute the persons of the living present. Idolaters 'hate him who reproveth in the gate ' of the new city that is coming down fr'Tn God, through Christ, out of the inner heavens. It was their own doings when the people of Israel, through faith in Moses and in the God of Israel, — the spiritual Being who inspired him and constituted him God of Egypt, and of Pharaoh, its king — allowed themselves to be led into a wilderness where there was none of the food to which they had been accustomed, and they had the consequences to endure. The righteous were self-denying with occasional murmurings and some backslidings. But they frequently rejoiced and triumphed in the prowess of their great national guardian spirit, ' their' God; while the rebellious, during the ' ten temptations' that befell them, often, in their hearts, turned back into Egypt. They all died in the wilderness. Their progressed children, raised upon a vegetable diet and under strict observance of the propagative law (common to all the inferior animal creation), went into the land of Canaan under the guidance of the only two of the righteous who remained, out of the million who came up out of Egypt. Could they have done any more under the guidance and lead of the original million? Was not the end of their faith attained ? Each individual did now 'possess the land,' they had their portion. They had also a perfected order of generation. No money, no monopoly; neither speculation nor commerce; riches nor poverty; merchant princes nor railroad kings. No rings nor Credit Mobiliers; no police, nor magistrates, nor courts of justice, except the temple and its Levites. ' Of doctors ' — quack or regular — Adam Clarke says ' they had none; ' for ' the Lord their God had taken from them all sickness,' by keeping them from the causes that induce it. It was ' Church and State,' with the Church left out. This Mosaic civil government bears the same relation to the present worldly civil governments, that the Jewish Pentecostal primitive Church bears to the present churches of Christendom. With the help of the ' spirit of prophecy,' these two governments are straight edges, to show the crooked ways of Church and State in Babylon. Worldly, selfish communism seeks to level wealth and poverty; to disband the twenty million soldiers of civilization, by arbitration ; and to legislate the social evil and drunkenness out of existence; when it is only the Christ Spirit that can accomplish these good deeds, and give to mankind the Millennium. For the poor would gladly be rich, and the slave would be pleased to become the slaveholder. From many babel pulpits the cry ascends, Alas! alas ! ye are taking away our gods and our priests, and what shall we have left ? Even the ' Word of God — our holy Bible' — is undergoing revision! Is not this the point when the 'holy Inquisition should again come in, to exterminate heretics ? Can we not get our Jewish fighting God, and our marriage-attending Saviour, ' the chief Ruler of all national conduct ; and the holy Bible, as the supreme Ruler of all national conduct' into the Constitution of these United States, to save us ? 'A tree is known by the fruit it bears; ' and, when any system of theology stimulates the evil passions of its advocates, making them 'hateful, and hate one another,' (as they do all through the six hundred sects of Christendom, and that too on mere points of belief) where both parties are wrong, is it not evident to every honest, thinking mind, that these are believing the theology, and practising ' the doctrines of devils ' ? They (each of them being a ' natural enemy ' to all the rest) never agree, except (like Pilate and Herod) when it is to plot some mischief against the only civil government on earth that does not interfere with liberty of conscience ; and upon whose soil the profes- sors of all the thousand theologies of earth can meet as human beings, in perfect equality. And, seeing that the Government of these United States is not any more a Christian than it is a Mahometan, Hindoo, Jewish, or Chinese government, any one of the thousand sects in the nation has the same right to put its God, and Avator, and Bible, into the Con- stitution, as has any and every other one. How. much better it would be, if they would ' put away all sectarian bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamor, and evilspeaking ' against unbelievers, who do not 'put bread into their mouths,' and learn to be ' kind one to another, tender-hearted, forgiving one another,' as the best way to promote 'pure andundefiled religion.' Jesus and Ann said they were ' the way, the truth, and the life; ' and, when persecuted for it, they proved it, by praying for and doing good to their persecutors. Those persons of to-day who are anointed with the Christ Spirit, and who bear the sins of the people, and minister the power of protection and forgiveness, are as really Jesuses and Anns — Saviours — as were any persons in the past. And we should feel as free to respect, honor and love them, as we think we should have respected, honored, and loved those of former times, had we lived when they were upon earth. ' If ye had believed in Moses, ye would, also, have believed in me,' for I obey Moses. The spirit of antichrist leads to the worship of the man — the person of Jesus ; but denies that, in our own time, the Christ has, or can ' come in the flesh ' of other persons, as Mediators.