GOVERNMENT ' Where there is no government there is no God.' There is some inherent virtue in all the various forms of human government. An empire, or despotism, under the direction of one will, capable and good, is vastly more happy in its conditions than is a democratic State without self-control. An aristocracy is but another name for government by the best minds. And who will say it is not better than misgovernment by a rabble. Wild tribes elect their own chieftains, and these chiefs are governed by a council of their wise old men. True republics embody the best qualities of all human governments. When a people have become sufficiently enlightened to protect themselves from being ruled by designing knaves, they should govern themselves. Their first step may be to elect an aristocracy, composed of their most able minds, to make the laws; then to elect an officer, or officers, to execute them; these, answering to the executive head of an empire, enforce the laws made by the people through their aristocracy; but, under bonds to administer for the common good of all. For the misrule of a mob is no worse, in principle, than that of a despot; but is more showy. A theocracy, or government by the Infinite, through the finite-—the spiritual through visible channels — is evidently what the perverseness of man's nature requires. It is becoming a question, whether, in this country, man has not, already, more liberty than he will use aright. Uncontrolled, unregulated license, will as assuredly pervert all government in the future as it ever has in the past. In his lowest condition, man needs protection against his fellow. In his intelligent state, he needs protection against his own sinful pleasures. Uncivilized, he is incapable of a true spiritual government, as it would soon degenerate into a superstition. Enlightened, he becomes voluptuous ; for the means of sensuous satisfaction, have far outgrown the only power which can curb the desires, and hold them to their legitimate use — the present and future good of hims If and his fellows. Believing that God overrules human affairs for the final good of the race, Ave perceive design in bringing those wandering Arabs, or sons of Jacob, to dwell near the highly civilized Egyptians for four hundred years. Could they live for so many generations in close contact with the most enlightened people of the day, and not have the truths of civilization born in them ? And what could better fit them for a theocracy, and to be led by the one man who had the noblest spiritualistic development ? It is safe to predicate, from the lessons of history, and from the result of stern facts in the present, that the race cannot — will not — unaided from above, govern itself with justice. For no material or intellectual forces can ever reach the spiritual nature, which, alone, has power to subdue those desires and passions of the earthly man, which, defying all law, is termed ' that laivless.' Hence, when man can see the Infinite in the finite, he will have a government manifested in human beings, who possess the highest spiritual development of the day and time ; and the governed will realize that their freedom of desire and action may be greater than their power of restraint, and so yield obedience to God, as seen in his ' image.' Thus, the culmination of human government will be spiritual, which takes into the account man's highest attributes and wellbeing. It will be of God, through the people, and for the people, and of their own free will. G. H. Hollister, Mt. Lebanon