Troy, April 11,1873 Editors of Shaker and Shakeress: — I have just received the first four numbers of your publication for this year (having subscribed last Sabbath), and having eagerly devoured their contents, I hasten, before it fades, to give the impression they made upon my mind. I am of the ' world's people,' to be sure, but a SHAKEEESS. 4:3 SHAKER AND man may be magnanimous enough to concede the good contained in theories and systems to which he cannot fully subscribe. You, doubtless, have heard, to nausea, the objection to Shakerism ; that it is unnatural, a monkish and nunnish mode of living; but you answer it, if not convincingly to us weak, passion-ridden mortals, who have not attained the sublimity of self-control, you indicate to us, yet, in such lofty and earnest terms as to excite the deepest respect in every worthy bosom. Dedicated to purity, commencing with the spiritual, and reaching upward to the ideal, you are a glorious anomaly in this age of corruption, materialism, and groveling aims. Every page of your little paper is elevating in its tone, so full is it of the spirit of self- abnegation. You not only proclaim, but faithfully practice the principle of heroic duty, and thus set a unique and much needed example in these days of utter selfishness and vice. Whether or not you have properly embodied it, remains to be seen. But your organization is founded upon a grand idea; and, in your isolated communities, is unfolding a germ of promise whose full blush shall be the race's regeneration. Continence chastest love, universal brotherhood; what better destiny can we wish than that their empire be established over us ? While all mankind seeks for its own, you, the pioneer exponents of the Millenial Era, are far ahead on the upward pathway, and, though conscious of your higher plane, exhibit remarkable liberality toward other sects and doctrines. If morality has an impregnable refuge on the globe, if is among you, Avhere true and changeless religion (not fickle theology) has erected her temple. Goaded and begrimed, in this busy turmoil of existence, I shall value the monthly visits of the Shaker and Shakeress, as would a traveler in a hot desert appreciate a cooling gale, or a limpid and gelid spring. Though we never anticipate a conversion to your technical tenets, thoughts surcharged with so much that is ennobling cannot fail to influence and help any right-intentioned individual. As one reads he feels his nobler nature quickened and expanding within him. Heaven bless Shakerism, at least for its honorable motives, its undefiled aspirations, and its exemplary life! Theo. Williams