Dear El-dress A.: I drop this line that you may know I have not fallen asleep, or passed into the spirit land ; but still live to work, and to bless. The undying love of kindred hearts, made pure by self-denial and obedience to the principles of truth, we cherish as a ' pearl of great price.' But who can know its worth save those who have sold all selfish and partial love to obtain it ? Those who give but part, receive accordingly. Our consecrations are made to God, and not to mortals ; and we cannot hide the defects in our characters from Him, nor from the eyes of immortal guardians, who are sent to keep their vigils around us. We must all receive the just reward of our doings ; we cannot deceive nor rob God ; neither will He withhold our just dues. If we are untrue to ourselves, we commit a wrong against our own well-being, and we must suffer the conse- quences. This principle is illustrated by the Bible story of Ananias and Sapphira, who, through love of pelf, reserved a part, and sought to evade the truth ; and their reward quickly followed. How important it is that all who profess the Christian religion, should be true to that profession : If we ' name the name of Christ to depart from iniquity,' walk in the light, and be willing to be seen and known just as Ave are; then we shall have confidence toward God, and can draw nigh unto Him in prayer, and ask for what we need. If we live in purity like the angels, we shall rise where we can stand with them on the pure plane of spiritual truth, and travel the ' highway cast up for the ransomed of the Lord to walk in ;' Where we shall feel the gentle dews descend, and the healing zephyrs of heavenly influences blow upon the vineyard of the Lord ; so that every branch therein may become fruitful. After the wintry winds have passed, and spring time returns, all Nature is glad, and wears a cheerful aspect, and seems to feel new life, strength, and vigor. We watch the opening buds, and rejoice when the flowers ap- pear. Thus may it be spiritually. Let us leave the cold regions of ' the world' and Bin, and dwell in light and love, which will warm and vivify the heart, and cause the seeds of truth to grow, and flowers of innocence to bloom. This will be an eternal spring time to the soul. Nancy Riley, Hancock