Beloved Eldress A.: Since the first appearance of the ' Shaker,' we have hailed with joy, and perused with interest,each succeeding number; at the same time, wishing it might be enlarged, or be issued more frequently. And our love and interest is now doubly increased, since our good Mother, the ' Shakeress,' is introduced, thereby enhancing its beauty and completeness, and more fully representing the dual forces, Wisdom and Love, which are at work in the spiritual kingdom of Christ, co-operating together, seeking to elevate Zion's sons and daughters, and to send forth rays of light and truth to erring humanity. We have strongly desired to add our mite to the little craft that is sent forth so richly freighted with goodly treasures ; and now that an opportunity is so kindly offered (thanks to the 'Waste Basket') we will gladly improve it; for if nothing more, it will tend to our own growth and spiritual improvement. We believe that the higher faculties should all be cultivated and brought into exercise, for the special purpose of developing within our own being, the glorious image of the Divine ; thereby fitting us to become messengers of Love and Light, that we may diffuse blessings to other souls. We love the beautiful, the good, and the true. We love the flowers, the fragrance, and the fruit — aspiration, effort, and success — in every direction which leadeth God-ward. And we resolve to work patiently, and struggle on to the end, and win a crown immortal; that palms of victory may be ours, and that we may join in the sweet song of triumph with those who stand on the heights of Mount Zion, and have gained the victory over sin and death. Dear friend — we thank you for those beautiful soul-stirring expressions of thought in your ' Appeal to the Sisterhood,' which we appreciate, and will endeavor to turn to good account. May your life be full of health, joy, and prosperity, throughout the present year, and be spared* many years that are yet unborn, for the strength and comfort of your friends both at home and abroad. In love — most kindly adieu. Yours ever, Julia Johnson, Hancock, Mass.