CORRESPONDENCE Mt. Lebanon, Columbia Co. ' N. Y., U. S. A. April 9,1873 To Thomas Hull, England: Dear Friend : Elder Frederick has just mentioned your case to me, and thinking you might like to hear from some one who has recently entered the Community, I concluded to take the liberty of writing you. Perhaps you may have seen my name mentioned in the Medium, in connection with the Spiritual movement in Bromsgrove, Worcestershire. I came here some six weeks ago, and, up to the time of leaving my native place, was a worker in the cause of Spiritualism. The time I have spent here has been the happiest period of my life, and I have enjoyed a continual feast of spiritual things. To me Shakerism is Spiritualism reduced to order, thus avoiding the various anomalies to be met with in Spiritualism of the current sort. The joys I experienced in Spiritualism have been increased a hundredfold in Shakerism, and my Shaker home daily becomes more precious to me. I have lived in the town and the country, but it has never been my lot elsewhere to be among so many truly religious and loving souls as are to be found in this Community. Peace and purity reign throughout our domain. The history of how I became a Shaker is as follows: Many years ago I was impressed with the idea that for a man to be spiritually perfect he must lead a celibate life. When Elder Frederick lectured in London, I learned from the Spiritual periodicals that the Shakers held views similar to my own, and some time afterward, in November, 1871, I was impressed by a spirit friend to write him. I resolved to come to Mt. Lebanon, but was detained by business matters until last February, when I came over here with my mother and sister. Although we had a comfortable home in England, and a fair prospect of ' getting on in the world,' yet we feel glad we elected to come here. The more we see of the confusion and strife prevailing throughout society, both in temporal and spiritual matters, the more do we appreciate the peace and joy of the Shaker Order. The country round here is mountainous like many parts of England, and the locality of the Shaker village is very healthful. The houses are built in good style with every modern contrivance for convenience and health of the inmates. In this family (North Family) we have six English Brothers and several Sisters, while other European nationalities are represented among us. Our food is of the most wholesome kind, properly cooked, and in short, no pains are spared to secure the good health, physically and spiritually, of all members of the Shaker Society. In conclusion, I would say, that I am acquainted with (Mr.) Burns and other London Spiritualists, also the Birmingham Spiritualists, Franklin, Hawkes, Smith and others. Trusting we may at some future time meet face to face, and with kind regards, I remain yours sincerely, Ernest J. Witheford Troy, April 11,1873 Editors of Shaker and Shakeress: — I have just received the first four numbers of your publication for this year (having subscribed last Sabbath), and having eagerly devoured their contents, I hasten, before it fades, to give the impression they made upon my mind. I am of the ' world's people,' to be sure, but a SHAKEEESS. 4:3 SHAKER AND man may be magnanimous enough to concede the good contained in theories and systems to which he cannot fully subscribe. You, doubtless, have heard, to nausea, the objection to Shakerism ; that it is unnatural, a monkish and nunnish mode of living; but you answer it, if not convincingly to us weak, passion-ridden mortals, who have not attained the sublimity of self-control, you indicate to us, yet, in such lofty and earnest terms as to excite the deepest respect in every worthy bosom. Dedicated to purity, commencing with the spiritual, and reaching upward to the ideal, you are a glorious anomaly in this age of corruption, materialism, and groveling aims. Every page of your little paper is elevating in its tone, so full is it of the spirit of self- abnegation. You not only proclaim, but faithfully practice the principle of heroic duty, and thus set a unique and much needed example in these days of utter selfishness and vice. Whether or not you have properly embodied it, remains to be seen. But your organization is founded upon a grand idea; and, in your isolated communities, is unfolding a germ of promise whose full blush shall be the race's regeneration. Continence chastest love, universal brotherhood; what better destiny can we wish than that their empire be established over us ? While all mankind seeks for its own, you, the pioneer exponents of the Millenial Era, are far ahead on the upward pathway, and, though conscious of your higher plane, exhibit remarkable liberality toward other sects and doctrines. If morality has an impregnable refuge on the globe, if is among you, Avhere true and changeless religion (not fickle theology) has erected her temple. Goaded and begrimed, in this busy turmoil of existence, I shall value the monthly visits of the Shaker and Shakeress, as would a traveler in a hot desert appreciate a cooling gale, or a limpid and gelid spring. Though we never anticipate a conversion to your technical tenets, thoughts surcharged with so much that is ennobling cannot fail to influence and help any right-intentioned individual. As one reads he feels his nobler nature quickened and expanding within him. Heaven bless Shakerism, at least for its honorable motives, its undefiled aspirations, and its exemplary life! Theo. Williams Danby, Vt. March 8,1873 I like the independence and nobleness of the ' Shaker and Shakeress.' Of course, I do not Bee the exact application of some of your peculiar principles. I cannot appreciate every identical tenet of those with whom I come in contact; yet I feel that the spirit of kindness, manifest in the ' Shaker and Shakeress,' toward those who honestly differ with it, is a high recommendation of those who conduct it. And, as an exponent of Shakerism (I use the term in its noblest sense), I think it carries an influence upon its very face recommendatory of its high purpose and aim. Certainly, it is not so much what we believe as what we do, that commends us to the kind regards of the good in all communities. Belief is not a matter of choice, but of evidence. We must needs believe, when the evidence of a fact, or proposition reaches our comprehension. Consequently, belief, or disbelief, does not determine the moral character of a human being. With best wishes for your health and prosperity, I remain, with great respect, A. S. BAKER