GOD IN THE CONSTITUTION O ye who strive for outward forms of Law, That statute books may flaunt the sacred Names, You do not press and cavil for a straw ; You are not making merely wordy claims. Nay, never, since the young Republic's hands Stretch'd forth with welcome for the earth's oppress'd, Were forged for her such life-destroying bands, Such poison'd arrows pointed at her breast. For, whether motives selfish or sincere Impel your hearts to such benighted zeal, You draw Inquisitorial terrors near, And whet anew the persecutor's steel. Of fomto-dhsetpvag Pharisees beware, Who cry, Lord !' Lord! while yet they crush the poor; For pride, pretense, and solemn, lengthen'd prayer, Shall, as of old, but reprimand secure. They would rebuild old Babel's dusky tower, And prove her sequel efforts brought to nought; But ne'er again shall Superstition's power Defeat Progression, or repress new thought. Yea, they would make a graven name of God, To bow before, or cover public stain ; Truth thunders like mount Sinai, far abroad, ' Thou shalt not take the name of God in vain.' The foul adult'ries of the Church and State, Whose fiend-like progeny have cursed the earth. It is not theirs again to consummate, Or give to tyrants all that life is worth. There was but one who trod the ' press' alone, And twelve dispensers of the heavenly wine : Had you their ' gift,' your numbers (so outgrown) Might draw baptismal floods of life Divine. O, when the nation's needful work is done, When sins of Government shall be no more, When Christian love shall shine out as the sun. And God can bless the land from shore to shore, You will not ask for empty names, to bring The heart's acknowledgment of heavenly care. Men do not write a label for the Spring, When blossom'd trees are breathing on the air. Take from the books the penalty of death, And laws which hold fair womanhood in thrall; Let Freedom breathe, with. Inspiration's breath, Life, liberty, and happiness for all / Yea, honor God yourselves, in deed and word, Teach the pure lesson of the ' golden rule,' Strip all your creeds of ev'ry thing absurd, And be as Angels at Bethesda's pool. Cecelia Devyr, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.