FOLLOW ME When, in our childhood's leisure hours, we used to steal off into the groves, ramble among the ever-greens, woodbines, honey-suckles, and wild roses, climb the lofty mountain's cliff to catch the inspirations of Nature, as we viewed, in the distance, the variegated land- scape, dressed in vernal bloom, the wondrous beauties of creation, in the skies above, and on the earth beneath, we became pensive, and caught mental visions of heaven, and greatly longed to soar away from earth to that fancied happy land; but no practical conveyance ap- peared to present itself for the journey, and we always had to return from these pleasant reveries earth-bound, still wondering which was the prettiest way ' to go to heaven ;' not yet having learned that the way to enjoy heaven was to bring it home to us. Thus onward we wended in one of the myriad paths of life trodden by earth's restless throng of weary travelers, busily seeking the way ' to heaven,' when, lo! a call beat upon our ears in clarion tones,' I am the way; follow me.' We sought its source, and found it was the voice of ' Christ, the Saviour.' We now inquired for his authority, when, from Jordan's banks a voice re-echoed, ' This is my beloved Son; hear ye Him.' A voice from heaven, though re-echoed from the banks of Jordan, was just the kind of authority that recommended itself to our understanding and desires ; at once we accepted it, and resolved, not only to hear the ' Son of God,' but to follow Him, whithersoever He goeth, though it be through self-sacrifices, perils of false brethren, persecutions, prisons, or death. Since that eventful hour, we have been a constant inquirer of all whom we met on the heavenly pilgrimage, of those who have tidings from others still on before, aye, and from the worldly throng: Whither traveled Jesus? We called at the vestibule of self pleasures' temple, Multitudes — people of every tongue and nation — were congregated here; we asked, Has 'Jesus Christ,' the 'Saviour of men' worshiped at this shrine 1 Not one averred he had seen Jesus bowing there! We next entered the gilded halls of fortune, where Mammon lay at ease, reclining on luxury's sunny banks, with the entire contents of the horn of plenty in his lap. A selected number of earth's busy millions were seeking heaven here. Of them we inquired, Have you met here ' Jesus Christ, the Son of God 1' But none could answer that they had seen him reclining here. In anxious agony of spirit we paused, when lo! his voice, ' Lay not up for yourselves treasures on earth, but lay up your treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not break through and steal.' Through a mediator (for we feared to enter their abodes), we next inquired of the residents of the haunts of sensual pleasure, if they had seen Jesus, the Son of God, harbored in their domain, participating in their lascivious feasts ? But, not one had seen him there. An Angel of heavenly type now pointed his finger to the door of these parlors, and, on the lintels thereof, we saw the handwriting of Jesus, thus,' Whoso looketh on a woman with intentions to gratify lustful desires, hath committed adultery with her already in his heart.' Next, we entered the political arena of ambition's fearful strife, only, however, as a visitor on inquiry; for we had witnessed so many myriad fortunes spent fraudulently to attain to the goal of power and fame, that we had no desire to join the throng. Here we inquired of emperors, kings, potentates, of all the regal powers of earth, if Jesus, the Son of God, had run a race for these goals. But none had ever met him in these fields of fame. But, they naively remarked, Jesus Christ declared, ' My kingdom is not of this world.' In short, we found 8HAKEK .A.ND He spoil'd the laurel wreath of fame, Made vain ambition blush with shame, Taught, to be truly great at all, The secret lies in being small. ' Except ye become as a little child, ye shall in nowise enter the kingdom of heaven ;' that is, innocent and teachable, subject to heavenly tutors. We next visited the closets of the world's philosophers and sages, and inquired if the Son of God obtained the wisdom of godliness, and the power of salvation at these schools. A voice, which we recognized as the words of the Saviour, replied, ' The world, by wisdom knew not God.' Now we inquired of the chivalrous and vain-glorious armies of earth's kings, nobles, and generals, on the gory fields of battle, if Jesus Christ had marched beneath their gaudy banners ? A general replied,' We have heard his instruction,' ' He that hath no sword, let him sell his coat and buy one.' But, the voice of Jesus rang out upon the air, ' Put up thy sword into its sheath; for, he that taketh the sword shall perish by the sword.' ' I came not to destroy men's lives, but to save them.' We visited the thrones of earthly kingdoms, inquiring if Jesus Christ was regnant there. But, while wondering at their splendor, and contemplating the immense degradation, suffering, and woe, produced by the wringing of this wealth from the poor and toiling subjects who bowed at these shrines, we heard a voice, it was the cry of Jesus, ' My kingdom is not of this world,' ' He that would be greatest among you, let him be your servant.' Then we saw him with a napkin, washing his disciples' feet, and one of these proclaimed, ' God hath chosen the poor of this world, rich in faith, and heirs of the kingdom which he hath promised to them that love him.' We then desired to know if Jesus ever became tributary to those worldly kings ; for we began to feel weaned and lifted up from earth; her governments and thrones ceased to tempt our ambition; her riches had taken wings ; her fame was vanished ; and we sought a higher life. But now the voice of Jesus, as of yore, beat upon our ears, saying, ' Render unto Cesar the things that are Cesar's, and unto God the things that are God's.' Jesus here appeared so careful to give to every one his due, we sought him among the judges of earth's kingdoms, to learn his wisdom in the dispensation of justice; but, lo! Jesus was not here, and again we heard his voice, after the manner of authority, ' Bless them that curse,' ' do good to them that despitefully use you and persecute you.' We went to the judgment hall; for we would know if Jesus dispensed capital punishment, according to the manner of our civil rulers of earth's kingdoms. Behold a woman was brought before him taken in adultery; he inquired, ' Doth no man condemn thee 1' She answered, ' No man, Lord.' ' Neither do I condemn thee, go and sin no more,' said Jesus, for ' If ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father in heaven forgive your trespasses.' Now, with the professed Christian throng we went with the multitude, to the nuptial hall, to witness the climax of the lover's vow. We inquired, Has Jesus, the Saviour manifested his sanction here ? The throng replied : ' He attended a marriage in Cana of Galilee, and turned water into wine for the feast, thus celebrating the marriage.' We asked, was the marriage celebration the Qbjec£ of this miracle ? The sacred Record answered, ' This beginning of miracles of Jesus, was to manifest his glory, that his disciples might believe on him.' Thus the object of Jesus' attendance was to get the audience of the multitude to the miracle, to make converts and disciples, not to justify marriage as an institution of his kingdom ; he would leave that tribute to Cesar. Concerning marriage, he condemned divorce, except for adultery; and when his disciples replied to this, ' If the case be so, it is not good to marry,' Jesus replied: 'All men cannot receive this saying; there be eunuchs that have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven's sake (that is, they deny themselves sexual indulgences); he that is able to receive it let him.' 'I am the resurrection ; in the resurrection they neither marry nor are given in marriage; but are (present tense, while here on earth), as the Angels of God in Heaven.' We now heard the echo of an ancient voice; it was that of a Prophet, saying of Jesus, ' WTho shall declare his generation ? (for he had none) his life was cut off from the earth ' (the generative plane). Now we were caught away with St. John in vision, and saw Jesus as an Angel with a sickle in his hand, and we saw him reaping men from the earthly works of generation and selfishness, and we heard his ancient word, ' The harvest is the end of the world.' ' My kingdom is not of this world,' but is established in this world, in answer to my prayer ' thy will be done on earth as in heaven; thy kingdom come' (on earth as in heaven). Marriage of the flesh is necessarily a worldly institution; but a celibate life, and the ' marriage of the Lamb ' (Jesus Christ), spiritual union, is a heavenly institution, inaugurated now on earth. Now we visited the saloons of the voluptuous, and inquired if Jesus set this gluttonous example. An Angel showed us his simple fare, and we heard him say, ' the life is more than meat: ' he did not join those feasts. WTe then visited the halls of fashion, where gayety, wealth, and pride, swallowed up the thoughts of the multitude, and inquired if Jesus thus lived. But Jesus was not, had not been here, but he remarked to his disciples, ' The body is more than raiment.' Having vainly sought in worldly societies, and the ways of the world, for the ' way, the truth, and the life,' and believing Jesus to be a religionist, we next visited the so-called Christian Churches of the multitude, where Pride is worshiped, and where Fashion is umpire; we listened to the long prayers made to be ' heard of men ;' to learned, studied, theological sermons of the so-called ' divines' who preach ' for hire,' and inquired, if thus taught Jesus; but sorrowfully we heard his admonition, ' This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouths, and honoreth me with their lips, but their hearts are far from me.' ' In vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men! ' These churches all taught salvation, not as the fruit of good works, but by the merits of Christ. But we heard the voice of Jesus above the roar and clamor of the multitude, saying, ' My reward is with me, to give to every one according as his works shall be.' We turned from these temples of fashion, pride, and folly, and inquired for the instructions of Jesus, and lo ! his voice sounded aloud, saying to this babel throng of worshipers, 'Why do you transgress-the commandments of God by your traditions ?' ' Every plant which my Heavenly Father hath not planted shall be rooted up.' Elder Giles B. Avery, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.