CONVENTION Elder James S. Prescott, of the Shakers at North Union, Warrensville, delivered a short address, which we print in full: We are pleased to meet with the Spiritualist Association of Cleveland, and with the chil- dren's ' Progressive Lyceum,' to commemorate the twenty-fifth anniversary of ' Modern Spi- ritualism ' to the world. In celebrating this event we have a sentiment to offer : ' Modern Spiritualism ! We hail its advent as the harbinger of the Millennium ; based upon the law of progression, co operating with and through visible agencies, the last and only hope for the redemption of the human race.' When it first went to the world, it took the inhabitants by surprise. It commenced on the animal plane in the rudimental sphere, and progressed rapidly until it reached the intellectual, and is now the all absorbing topic, and delightful theme of seers and sages, poets and philosophers, extending to all classes, ranks and conditions of people, from the crowned heads of Europe, down to the humblest indi- vidual that walks our streets. And still the subject is not exhausted. It is beginning to assume a new form, or phase, and that is the evolution of the moral and spiritual faculties which will lead to a moral reform — a virgin life. This is what the world needs more than any thing else — men have been governed by the back-brain region long enough. Is it not time that Spiritualists took another step higher on the ladder of progression ? This can onlv be done by co-operating with the ' spirit world ;' as saith the poet: 'Let us grasp the hands of the angels, As they spread their shining wings, They are singing, Come up higher. Reach after heavenly things.' It is said there is something very revolutionary in the character and mission of ' Modern Spiritualism.' A late writer says that 'the world is now upon the verge of birth into the era of moral growth, of which we have as yet had no scientific formulation.' This is what is needed—moral growth, moral reform, in every department of human society, beginning with the priests and rulers of the people, the heads of the civil department not excepted. We are living in the days of the fulfillment of prophecy: ' And he will destroy in this mountain the face of the covering cast over all people, and the vail that is spread over all nations.' Isaiah, 25: 7. Mountain signifies a high place. It means wickedness in high places, of honor, emolument and trust, under the covering of a vail of dishonesty, hypocrisy and deception, which is about to be taken off and destroyed. It means the ' social evil,' and legal prostitution, cloaked under the cov- ering of marriage, and a false religion, which will be destroyed by the exposition and testimony of living witnesses. This is what is needed — moral growth — supposing it should lead to a virgin life; and there should be an army of seven thousand volunteers, who will never more bow the knee to the Baal of lust, of equal number of both sexes, enjoying the society and companionship of angels claiming an equality with them, having no intercourse but such as the angels approve, which is social, what could be more desirable, and in accordance with the great law of progress, and in the full glow of the evolution of the moral and spiritual faculties, man's highest aspiration ? We will now attend to answering some questions. The Yankees, you know, are very inquisitive. Are the calamities sweeping over the earth the fulfillment of prophecy ? They certainly are. What prophecy1? A certain prophecy given in 1843. Where ? In every Shaker community in the United States. Do you not think they will cease soon ? Never ! until the cause is put away. What is the cause ? The cause assigned is the wickedness of the inhabitants ; in living in constant-and perpetual violation of natural laws, which are the laws of God. Why did you not tell ua 42 of these prophecies before ? We did tell of them; ' these things were not done in a corner ;' they were made public at the time, and the world did not believe our report, neither do they now believe, except a very few. Is there no way to avert these calamities? Put away the cause and the effect will cease. Cease to do wickedly. Return to the law of nature — keep that law unviolated — learn to do right; live up to your highest convictions of right, regardless of a false public opinion. ' For when thy judgments are in the earth, the inhabitants of the world will learn righteousness.' Isaiah, 26:9. They will learn to do right from principle, if they learn at all, not because they are compelled by the civil law. Therefore, we object on this ground, to having the terms God, Christ, and the Bible, ever put into the Constitution of the United States. We protest against this Trinity ever being inserted in that instrument. We believe the wise fathers who framed it were inspired men, and their inspiration holds good yet, and will to the end of time. If Christianity cannot stand upon its own merits, without calling to its aid the arm of the civil and ecclesiastical powers combined to sustain it, we say, let it go down! — the sooner the better! The world has had enough of the union of Church and State, during the dark ages. The freedom of speech and of the press is already assailed in New York, and, ' if these things be done in the green tree, what will be done in the dry ? ' We never swear; but, in the language of Thomas Jefferson, we affirm ' upon the altars of God, eternal hostility to every form of tyranny over the mind of man,' and woman too. Where now is George Francis Train, one of earth's noblest men ? In the Tombs of Kew York! Ah! What was his crime? Why, for quoting obscene language from the Bible, and circulating it through the United States mails. Is that all ? That same Bible, too, that is set up as a Christian standard to be recognized by all as such, by putting it into the Constitution of the United States. What a paradox! [,' Hark from the Tombs a doleful sound.' Human organizations are good and indis- pensable, so far as they go to facilitate and promote human progress; but, when they operate against, and stand in the way, and say, Thus far shalt thou go, and no further, they ought to be reconstructed immediately on a more liberal and scientific basis. Not in the lower, but in the evolution of the higher, moral and spiritual faculties. Then will the Shakers and Spiritualists co-operate together, occupying the same platform. ' How has the gold changed, and the most fine gold become dim.' The pagan Gentile Christian Church of to-day has failed to reform the world. It is not what the Jewish Pentecostal Church was eighteen hundred years ago. Then the Gospel of salvation was preached free, without money and without price, and a poor man stood as good a chance as a rich man. Now it is preached for ' manhood and money.' Then ' the poor had the Gospel preached to them.' Now it is preached to the rich in a special manner, and the reason assigned for this change is, that the rich need it more than the poor and are better able to pay for it, because ' the earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof, and the cattle upon a thousand hills.' ' My ways are eq ual saith the Lord — your ways are unequal.' We will conclude by reading one of our inspired poems: ' From the dark shades of earth, I'll away ! I'll away ! To my home in that better land. Through the trumpet that's sounding, I hear the angels say, Hasten on, there's a better land, Toil on, struggle on, fear not the conflict, There is rest in the better land. If the cross you will bear, A crown you shall wear, In heaven, the better land.' Cleveland Herald.