CORRESPONDENCE Dear El-dress A.: I drop this line that you may know I have not fallen asleep, or passed into the spirit land ; but still live to work, and to bless. The undying love of kindred hearts, made pure by self-denial and obedience to the principles of truth, we cherish as a ' pearl of great price.' But who can know its worth save those who have sold all selfish and partial love to obtain it ? Those who give but part, receive accordingly. Our consecrations are made to God, and not to mortals ; and we cannot hide the defects in our characters from Him, nor from the eyes of immortal guardians, who are sent to keep their vigils around us. We must all receive the just reward of our doings ; we cannot deceive nor rob God ; neither will He withhold our just dues. If we are untrue to ourselves, we commit a wrong against our own well-being, and we must suffer the conse- quences. This principle is illustrated by the Bible story of Ananias and Sapphira, who, through love of pelf, reserved a part, and sought to evade the truth ; and their reward quickly followed. How important it is that all who profess the Christian religion, should be true to that profession : If we ' name the name of Christ to depart from iniquity,' walk in the light, and be willing to be seen and known just as Ave are; then we shall have confidence toward God, and can draw nigh unto Him in prayer, and ask for what we need. If we live in purity like the angels, we shall rise where we can stand with them on the pure plane of spiritual truth, and travel the ' highway cast up for the ransomed of the Lord to walk in ;' Where we shall feel the gentle dews descend, and the healing zephyrs of heavenly influences blow upon the vineyard of the Lord ; so that every branch therein may become fruitful. After the wintry winds have passed, and spring time returns, all Nature is glad, and wears a cheerful aspect, and seems to feel new life, strength, and vigor. We watch the opening buds, and rejoice when the flowers ap- pear. Thus may it be spiritually. Let us leave the cold regions of ' the world' and Bin, and dwell in light and love, which will warm and vivify the heart, and cause the seeds of truth to grow, and flowers of innocence to bloom. This will be an eternal spring time to the soul. Nancy Riley, Hancock Dear Eldress A.: Is the testimony borne by the Shakers of today the same as that borne by Jesus and his apostles eighteen centuries ago ? And, in their daily lives, do their profession and practice agree? These are simple propositions for discussion by those who are interested in the growth and spread of true principles. If the underlying principles of the institution are true, they will bear strict scrutiny ; if they are false, let it be proved by honest investigation. We claim that Shakerism is not only a revi val of Christianity, as preached and practiced by Jesus and his Apostles, and also practically exemplified in the primitive. Church; but that it is the revelation of the Christ Spirit, through the female, which has given new impulse and strength to all its parts. May I be permitted, through the columns of the Shaker and Shakeress, to express my gratitude for the great privilege that I am enjoying in my beautiful Shaker home. Here I can live a pure, chaste life, through which I receive a plenitude of spiritual and temporal blessings. I feel that my life is so free! O that those of my sex who are in captivity could realize this as / do! how gladly would they flee the false pleasures of the animal, sensuous life, and, of their own volition, accept the straight path into which truth would lead them. Then would they know how good is the power of truth that is able to make souls 'free.' My heart is drawn out in love and gratitude to the guardians and teachers of my early days; my thanks are due to them for their timely discipline. By love, they guided my feet in Virtue's paths, and led me in Wisdom's ways, which are safe, peaceful and pleasant. I am now able to see that ' what we associate with we become like,' in a great measure; and, if we would be pure in spirit, we must keep our bodies pure ; for it is impossible that any person can be a true follower of Christ while living in sensual pleasure. Only those ' Who govern their passions with absolute sway, Will grow wiser and better as life wears away.' Betsey Johnson, Tyringham, Mass. Dear Editress : — We are pleased with the new form your much admired paper has assumed. We have ever cherished the idea that woman possesses God-given faculties; and that she lias an inherent right to exercise her powers of body and mind freely. And, in this day of Christ's second appearing, it becomes her duty to take a firm stand in aiding the great work of progress in its onward march, which must, sooner or later, revolutionize all man-made systems and creeds; and your little paper seems to us the best exponent of the dual principle, recognized by the Shakers, of any thing that has yet appeared. And coming, as it does, fresh from tke intellects, and warm from the hearts of its con- tributors, it enlivens our feelings, while we increase in gratitude to God that we are numbered with the little flock who are receiving such bountiful blessings. Great coldness is manifested in this section of country in regard to religious matters. Religion is of secondary importance. But in our Zion home we earnestly pray to God for the protection of His heritage, and for the advancement of truth throughout the land. We believe that His hand is not shortened, but He is still able to save all who call upon Him—to open eyes that are blind, and unstop ears that are deaf. And we wish your little craft much success, now that she is loosed from her moorings, and launched upon the waters, freighted with golden treasures. God grant that she may bear light and truth to this sin-darkened land. And should she, at times, be tempest-tossed on the billows of opposition, we have faith that she will out-ride all storms, and come safely into port; and that each successive trip her value will be enhanced, because she will be better appreciated. We would hold up the hands of those who are so nobly defending the cause of purity and righteousness ; for the zeal manifested is worthy of all commendation and support from every Zion traveler who loves God more than mammon ; and who, from his or her heart, desires to perpetuate true principles and that living faith which will elevate and regenerate fallen humanity. And we will renew our pledges to battle for the right with increased zeal, and to move straight forward in duty with unbroken ranks, and to renounce all that is self-pleasing, that we may do the will of God. 'Our work is before us, and our reward will be with us;'— we shall reap what we sow. And may we leave behind us, as the poet aptly said, 'Footprints on the sands of time; Footprints that perhaps another, Sailing o'er life's solemn main,— A forlorn and shipwrecked brother Seeing, may take heart again.' Jane Cowan, South Union, Ky.