MOTHER'S DAY A writer, in the Peace Advocate, proposes to set apart one day in the year to be observed by the women of the nation assembling together, ' in hall, church, or parlor,' as should best suit their numbers and inclinations, and to be called ' Mother's Day.' ' They should hear a sermon, an oration, an essay or an ode. They should sing hymns and offer prayers. But the one theme should be how to bring God's peace on earth. A record of proceedings should be sent to a central committee, charged with the publication and circulation of an appropriate report. As far as possible, women should be the speakers and writers on these occasions.' Julia Howe says: 'Let us emulate, not only the industry, but also the harmony of the ant, the bee, and the coral insect; and our efforts, insignificant in isolation may build up institutions and sentiments which shall bless and protect the whole human race.' A good suggestion! better than holding tea-parties. Let the mind of the people once settle down to the conviction that they—not the Rulers — are the source of power, and that they can create a Government that will execute, through the laws that they shall enact, their most interior moral and religious convictions ; and we shall have a 'Mother's Day.' A ' Mother's Day ' can be made a day of power — a day on which conscience can hold high carnival, before a Lent, in which no blood shall be shed. All women have been earth mothers long enough. Now, if a large number of them will form themselves into a superior order — arise, and become ' nursing mothers' to human souls, who shall be born into the kingdom of heaven upon earth—the fulfillment of Millennial prophecies will have commenced. One prominent argument for war, is, that it is a means of checking population; the practical result of which is, that, in England, there are a million and a half more women than men on that island. And, in our own New England, they are fast approximating the same proportion of disparity between the sexes. The formation of a new order, whose members should live in ' Platonic love ' with each other, is just the thing needed, as a substitute for war. From its ranks, women-rulers — legislators, judges, juries, advocates, physicians, etc., — could be chosen, without being obnoxious to the charge, that the children at home were being neglected while they were caring for the children of the Republic. And the male humans would be no longer under the necessity — instigated by their generative passions — to kill each other in order to make room for their posterity; as, in that Paradise of innocence, there would be room enough for all, who should be properly born, to live until they died a natural death; even if the doctors should, with the soldiers, become an extinct species, in that Prophetical Garden of plenty and physical health. Having been accustomed to observe one day in the year, in commemoration of Mother Ann, the Founder of our Order, we can easily enlarge our conceptions, and keep the day in the name of the great Mother in Deity. What more acceptable offering to the ''Mother of us all' could we there bring than a covenant signed and sealed with our consecrated lives, in keeping 'God's peace on this earth? ' Hail to the time when all of ' earth's warring children ' shall keep, and keep forever, a universal 'Mother's Day.' N. B. — The 2d day of June next is proposed as the first to be observed.