TRIUMPH OF TRUTH All truth is from God. Truth is the embodiment of every principle in religion and science, revealed to man and woman through chosen mediums whom God appoints. Those principles were more clearly illustrated and exemplified in the life of Jesus, and in the lives of his immediate followers, than in any mediums or teachers who had preceded them. The life of Jesus was the opposite of falsehood and error. He said : ' I am the way, and the truth, and the life;' showing that the Spirit which is able to lead into all truth, had taken up its abode in him, by which he was enabled to set the most perfect example of godliness that the world had ever witnessed. Inasmuch as he lived the true life and walked in the light, he could say : ' Follow me ; I am the way.' As the Christ Spirit has baptized me, and become my Leader, so will I baptize and lead you. ' The Law was given by Moses,' and he prepared the people for the more spiritual work of ' grace and truth, which came by Jesus Christ.' But only those who were thus prepared received his testimony. The world, those who loved the sensual life, and chose darkness rather than light, rejected him, because he testified that their deeds were evil. And they imagined that, by crucifying the man Jesus, they would put an end to the truths which he uttered, and they would hear no more of those principles which he inculcated, that were so distasteful to them; but in this they were disappointed ; for the good seed which he had sown had taken deep root in the hearts of his followers. Nor could they, by a long course of malignant persecution of his followers, eradicate truth from the earth. But the spirit of antichrist finally gained access to the primitive Church, and did its work, and a long night of darkness, error, and superstition ensued. A few witnesses, scattered here and there, clothed in garments of mourning, kept the lamp of truth burning, which made the darkness more apparent. The prince of darkness swayed the scepter over his willing subjects. In Scriptural language, ' Darkness covered the earth, and gross darkness the people.' Liberty of conscience, and freedom of speech, were almost unknown. And those who dared to dissent from the Church of Rome were subjected to torture and death in many ways; religious bigotry and intolerance seemed to have reached their climax. But, in the fullness of time, a way was prepared, through suffering witnesses, for the second advent of the Christ Spirit, through a female (Ann Lee). Again the spirit of persecution was aroused, and the enemies of the cross seemed determined, if possible, to suppress the truth which was revealed through her. This they were unable to do; but, through divine agency, she was directed to come to America, which was then seeking to free itself from the yoke of British tyranny. And, when liberty of conscience was established, she and her little band found a freedom to live and promulgate their religious faith that was denied to them in their native land. It was to them a safe ' refuge from the storm.' We believe that the principles of truth, as contained in the Gospel, which Mother Ann lived and taught, will continue to advance and gain strength, until all man-made creeds shall be level with the dust. Truth will out-live error. We would not set bounds to Truth. New spiritual truths will be revealed from time to time, and souls will be led from ' faith to faith,' till all true Believers shall be of one heart and mind, which will be to know and do the will of God. Souls who are under the influence of truth, Avill be led to confess and forsake all known sin, and make reparation for all wrong done to others. This will enable them to become new creatures — live a new life. They will become simple and teachable as little children, and thus gain an entrance into the kingdom of heaven. M. Johnson, Canterbury, N. H.