OUR SHAKER HOME How lovely our mountain home appears in the calm, still morning! All is so quiet; the sun looks down so joyfully on the beautiful landscape, that gladly responds to its smiles. Whence comes its beauty, if it be not from the peace that reigns over it, and from the sweet influences that element throws over all it can reach and touch ? No wonder that we love it, when we see the manifestations of its presence in Nature. And still more does it attract our admiration, when we behold it operating in the higher realms of human existence ; when, pervading the social life and relations of beings endowed with mental and social powers, and exercising those powers for mutual good and happiness. Doing good is the essence of life. The feelings of the heart cannot go out in love and tenderness toward our fellow-men, our brethren and sisters, whether in Nature or in God, without the good we thus do, reflecting back upon ourselves, and making us better, nobler, purer, happier than we were before. In a community life, based upon true Christian principle?, this is realized better than any- where else. For the sake of these principles, we have sacrificed all of a lower nature ; we have secluded ourselves externally from the world with all its influences, and from our own hearts and minds we are constantly expelling those elements that would otherwise produce among us the same conditions that cause the troubles and sorrows of life there. Thus the will of God is done here on earth, as it is done in heaven. It directs all who subject themselves to its guidance, onward and upward to higher degrees of goodness and truth, but further and further away from every thing opposite to its own nature. As a reward, it brings the satisfaction of a justified conscience, a power of self-control, unknown in any other condition, and a measure of that peace, which overshadows even the least one of God's children. Under the reign of this divine power, all is love and harmony; like always produce like. Jesus Christ said : ' If I be lifted up, I will draw all men to me.' It is not recorded of Ann Christ, that she ever spoke those same words, but she did what they indicated; and so do her followers today. They draw to themselves all souls, who come to them to be attracted, and they do it by love. Beaming from the eyes, speaking from the lips, radiating from the features of the countenance, manifesting itself in the smallest actions, inspiring through good and virtuous examples, does this love perform its work of lifting up those who are fallen, of saving those who are lost. Like fishes in a net are they caught; many are the meshes, and strong; tighter and tighter are they drawn, till no escape is possible. The fish must give up; he is conquered. Here is the end of the figure, borrowed from nature (I would not like to carry it further; I wish they were forever done away with, both the catching offish and the destroying of other animal life, by human agency); but in the case of spiritual growth, of which it represented only one feature, this is merely the beginning, the first steps of a long march, reaching onward through eternity, and ending in God. It is the peace-maker's first victory in the conquest of aliuman soul. Why should there not be joy, where there is peace ? Why should there not be sunshine where there is purity? When clouds arise over our heads, hindering the rays of the physical sun from bringing us their sweet messages of cheer and comfort, where do they come from? From the earth are the vapors exhaled, and back to it they return, whenever they find an opportunity. It is the same in the minds of men. From the earthly nature, ascend all influences that becloud and darken the spirit, and shut out the higher light; the workings of the carnal and selfish elements in the inner being, bring; forth their corresponding results on the outward stature, — gloominess, stupidity, insensibility to the feelings and conditions of all around. While the fruits of a purely spiritual and heavenly life are love, peace, and joy forevermore. Emil Bretzner, Mt. Lebanon