CORRESPONDENCE Dear El-dress A.: I drop this line that you may know I have not fallen asleep, or passed into the spirit land ; but still live to work, and to bless. The undying love of kindred hearts, made pure by self-denial and obedience to the principles of truth, we cherish as a ' pearl of great price.' But who can know its worth save those who have sold all selfish and partial love to obtain it ? Those who give but part, receive accordingly. Our consecrations are made to God, and not to mortals ; and we cannot hide the defects in our characters from Him, nor from the eyes of immortal guardians, who are sent to keep their vigils around us. We must all receive the just reward of our doings ; we cannot deceive nor rob God ; neither will He withhold our just dues. If we are untrue to ourselves, we commit a wrong against our own well-being, and we must suffer the conse- quences. This principle is illustrated by the Bible story of Ananias and Sapphira, who, through love of pelf, reserved a part, and sought to evade the truth ; and their reward quickly followed. How important it is that all who profess the Christian religion, should be true to that profession : If we ' name the name of Christ to depart from iniquity,' walk in the light, and be willing to be seen and known just as Ave are; then we shall have confidence toward God, and can draw nigh unto Him in prayer, and ask for what we need. If we live in purity like the angels, we shall rise where we can stand with them on the pure plane of spiritual truth, and travel the ' highway cast up for the ransomed of the Lord to walk in ;' Where we shall feel the gentle dews descend, and the healing zephyrs of heavenly influences blow upon the vineyard of the Lord ; so that every branch therein may become fruitful. After the wintry winds have passed, and spring time returns, all Nature is glad, and wears a cheerful aspect, and seems to feel new life, strength, and vigor. We watch the opening buds, and rejoice when the flowers ap- pear. Thus may it be spiritually. Let us leave the cold regions of ' the world' and Bin, and dwell in light and love, which will warm and vivify the heart, and cause the seeds of truth to grow, and flowers of innocence to bloom. This will be an eternal spring time to the soul. Nancy Riley, Hancock Dear Eldress A.: Is the testimony borne by the Shakers of today the same as that borne by Jesus and his apostles eighteen centuries ago ? And, in their daily lives, do their profession and practice agree? These are simple propositions for discussion by those who are interested in the growth and spread of true principles. If the underlying principles of the institution are true, they will bear strict scrutiny ; if they are false, let it be proved by honest investigation. We claim that Shakerism is not only a revi val of Christianity, as preached and practiced by Jesus and his Apostles, and also practically exemplified in the primitive. Church; but that it is the revelation of the Christ Spirit, through the female, which has given new impulse and strength to all its parts. May I be permitted, through the columns of the Shaker and Shakeress, to express my gratitude for the great privilege that I am enjoying in my beautiful Shaker home. Here I can live a pure, chaste life, through which I receive a plenitude of spiritual and temporal blessings. I feel that my life is so free! O that those of my sex who are in captivity could realize this as / do! how gladly would they flee the false pleasures of the animal, sensuous life, and, of their own volition, accept the straight path into which truth would lead them. Then would they know how good is the power of truth that is able to make souls 'free.' My heart is drawn out in love and gratitude to the guardians and teachers of my early days; my thanks are due to them for their timely discipline. By love, they guided my feet in Virtue's paths, and led me in Wisdom's ways, which are safe, peaceful and pleasant. I am now able to see that ' what we associate with we become like,' in a great measure; and, if we would be pure in spirit, we must keep our bodies pure ; for it is impossible that any person can be a true follower of Christ while living in sensual pleasure. Only those ' Who govern their passions with absolute sway, Will grow wiser and better as life wears away.' Betsey Johnson, Tyringham, Mass.