EVIDENCE It is for lack of evidence that men do not believe in a future state of existence, and that those who do believe have such vague conceptions of it, because their minds are so engrossed in the pursuit of pleasure, ambition, or the cares of this life, that they do not attend to the evidence existing in their own souls. Franklin, reasoning from principle, or the angel side of his nature, was induced by humanitarian considerations of the cruelty and injustice done to animals, to abandon a meat diet. He afterward adopted it again, from ob- serving that animals ate each other. Thus, reasoning from the animal side of his nature, and the habits of an inferior order of creation, over which man was appointed to rule in the spirit of goodness and mercy that comes from above, he let go the restraint which the latter placed upon appetite. Which was the superior wisdom, that which taught restraint, or that which removed it ? The wisdom from above is first pure, and then peaceable; full of mercy and good fruits to all of God's creatures. Man forsook his own mercies by loving the thing that is not good, and, by neglecting the wisdom from above, he has created false and unnatural appetites and conditions, in which the image or reflection of true wisdom cannot be found. Still blinded by continuing the original perversion, or unwilling to accept the treatment necessary for a radical cure, he seeks a remedy in expedients — outside cleansings or whitewashings — local applications, and the excision of excrescences from the social system; leaving the cause, which exists in the life, untouched. Consequently the disease when reduced in one form, breaks out in another, until it may be truly said that society is full of wounds and bruises, and putrefying sores, from the crown of the head to the soles of the feet. Jesus adverted to the same state of things when reproving the hypocrisy of his countryman, He said: ' Woe unto you Scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites, for ye are as graves which appear not, and the men that walk over them are not aware of them.* Ye make clean the outside of the cup and the platter, but within are full of extortion and excess. Thou blind Pharisee, make clean the inside of the cup and the platter, that the outside may be clean also.' The last clause points out the divine method which descends to us through the revelation of Christ. This Anointing Spirit, directed by a wisdom that comprehends all, and sustained by a power that overrules all, to the destined final righteous adjustment of all, commences by cleansing the inside — changing the life of the individual — eradicating the poison from the centre—purifying the fountain from spiritual disease — thus plucking out the evil plant by the roots, and changing conditions, until restored to the image or reflection of the Divine Law. This introduces harmony, co- operation, and that unity of spirit which excludes conflict and disturbance, by its very compactness of order, and the power with which it invests the individual. Consequently, by this channel the peace and love of God can flow into vessels fitted to receive and retain, and also to diffuse it when needful. This method uproots the world from .its foundations, and turns it upside down. For the world is made of individual lives, and when all are redeemed that can be induced to work with the wisdom from above, there will be nothing left of the world that any rational being can desire or enjoy. The peace and justification, without which there can be neither heaven nor happiness, will all be withdrawn to build up the new and supernal creation, of which this natural world, as well as the natural soul of rcan, is but the shell or husk. Blessed and happy beyond all others will those be who secure a place in this rising building, while still encased in the earthly form. ' All such offer to God the first ripe fruits of their souls, and thereby secure that honor and crown of glory which no other souls can ever obtain.' They will everlastingly increase in goodness and purity, and draw perpetually nearer the eternal fountain of all happiness and peace. But the fruits of a life of sin, and disobedience to the voice of wisdom, must all be burnt up, and those who bear such fruits will suffer irretrievable loss. What are a few short-lived pleasures, that place the receiver in the power of the enemy — Death — wh*i compared with the eternal glories, and everincreasing joys of the righteous ? If thou art wise, thou art wise for thyself. If thou arb otherwise, thou alone must bear the final result. *And thus become unclean seven days (Num. 19: 2) this kept all true Jews out of grave-yards. Ed. A. O. HoUister, Mt. Lebanon