PURE LANGUAGE Ignorance is blind to right judgment; but intelligence throws light on all solvable pro- blems. How important, then, is the necessity of attention to the proper unfolding, education, and training of every faculty of the mind in the various departments of knowledge which develops the understanding to a clear comprehension of those fundamental principles which are the basis of all true science, ethics, theology, religion, and progress. Commencing with the a b c, or first principles, and carefully analyzing each successive lesson of a subject of mind or matter, to learn or ascertain the elements of which it is composed, and the quality and significance of each ; then again compounding into a variety of forms, substance or consistencies, to answer the use and necessity of the occasion. By these processes many things are brought to light which were before vailed in mystery. What was thought to be incomprehensible miracles, is shown to be the outgrowth and unfolding of God's immutable laws, which are in harmony with all his works, and underlie the diversified revealments of the wonders of creation in every form and feature. Is this knowledge to be obtained from books only ? By no means. As mind is superior to books, being their creator and author, so is it capable of much culture without their aid. Yet very much can be learned from the writ45 8HAKEE .A.ND ings of the investigator and experienced authors in any department of life. Hence a necessity of the study of books when the mind is sufficiently matured to comprehend the arbitrary signs and significance of written language. Education commences with the infant when it opens its eyes to behold the tangible objects by which it is surrounded. From this period should the careful attention, guidance, and assistance of parents, or other authorized guardians and educators, be employed to give proper direction to the growing and expanding intelligence and understanding which follow the movements and absorb the examples of those with whom they are associated or connected, to be made manifest at times and in manners least expected, and frequently to the astonishment of those who have unguardedly done or said that which was improper in their presence. If all adults, who hold themselves as members of civilized or cultivated society, would pay due regard to propriety in conduct and conversation, teaching the same to their immediate posterity, not many generations would pass before a marked improvement would be perceptible in the elevation of the human race. The inmates of dens and resorts of vice and crime would become decimated, and the moral atmosphere of cities and villages clear and healthful. Above all, will those who come into the Christ-sphere — the resurrection life — adopt and exclusively use that pure language which God, by his Prophet, has promised. ' For then will I turn to the people a pure language, that they may all call upon the name of the Lord, to serve him with one consent.' Zeph. 8: 9. Harriet Hastings, Shaker Village, N. H.