CORRESPONDENCE Mt. Lebanon, Columbia Co. ' N. Y., U. S. A. April 9,1873 To Thomas Hull, England: Dear Friend : Elder Frederick has just mentioned your case to me, and thinking you might like to hear from some one who has recently entered the Community, I concluded to take the liberty of writing you. Perhaps you may have seen my name mentioned in the Medium, in connection with the Spiritual movement in Bromsgrove, Worcestershire. I came here some six weeks ago, and, up to the time of leaving my native place, was a worker in the cause of Spiritualism. The time I have spent here has been the happiest period of my life, and I have enjoyed a continual feast of spiritual things. To me Shakerism is Spiritualism reduced to order, thus avoiding the various anomalies to be met with in Spiritualism of the current sort. The joys I experienced in Spiritualism have been increased a hundredfold in Shakerism, and my Shaker home daily becomes more precious to me. I have lived in the town and the country, but it has never been my lot elsewhere to be among so many truly religious and loving souls as are to be found in this Community. Peace and purity reign throughout our domain. The history of how I became a Shaker is as follows: Many years ago I was impressed with the idea that for a man to be spiritually perfect he must lead a celibate life. When Elder Frederick lectured in London, I learned from the Spiritual periodicals that the Shakers held views similar to my own, and some time afterward, in November, 1871, I was impressed by a spirit friend to write him. I resolved to come to Mt. Lebanon, but was detained by business matters until last February, when I came over here with my mother and sister. Although we had a comfortable home in England, and a fair prospect of ' getting on in the world,' yet we feel glad we elected to come here. The more we see of the confusion and strife prevailing throughout society, both in temporal and spiritual matters, the more do we appreciate the peace and joy of the Shaker Order. The country round here is mountainous like many parts of England, and the locality of the Shaker village is very healthful. The houses are built in good style with every modern contrivance for convenience and health of the inmates. In this family (North Family) we have six English Brothers and several Sisters, while other European nationalities are represented among us. Our food is of the most wholesome kind, properly cooked, and in short, no pains are spared to secure the good health, physically and spiritually, of all members of the Shaker Society. In conclusion, I would say, that I am acquainted with (Mr.) Burns and other London Spiritualists, also the Birmingham Spiritualists, Franklin, Hawkes, Smith and others. Trusting we may at some future time meet face to face, and with kind regards, I remain yours sincerely, Ernest J. Witheford