The Religious Principle. The principle in human nature from which religion springs is the desire to establish relations with a Being more perfect than itself. The fact is as re- markable as it is incontrovertible, that the human race, all but universally, has conceived of some Existence more exalted than man. If there is one principle, indeed, that may be declared to be essential in human nature, it is this unwillingness to shut itself up within its own limits, this tendency to aspire after intercourse with some Divinity. It is true that men at various periods have formed most unworthy conceptions of their objects of wor- ship. Still, by selecting the qualities which they esteemed most highly in themselves, and by enlarging and exalting them without bounds, they have showed, as plainly as have more enlightened ages, the spontaneous longing of the human spirit to rise above itself, and to ally its destiny with a Supreme Power. Discourse of William Ellery Channing. Human happiness depends upon general exertion for goodness. The spirit which incites to harmony and universal love is the product of self-denial. Discordant elements come from unsubdued passions raging in the human soul, while kindliness and gentleness are from angel spheres. Self-indulgence is the producing cause of the former; self-denial of the latter. Who would not prefer the lamb to the lion for a companion ? 0, it is beautiful to mark the footsteps of the lowly. Truth is their motto; love, their shield. By an act of his Majesty James II, the penalties attached to witchcraft were declared applicable to every woman who, by means of cosmetics, false hair, padding, stays, hoops, high-heeled shoes, or other feminine devices, should seduce and betray into matrimony any member of the opposite sex, and a marriage contracted under such circumstances was pronounced null and void. Were such a statute in force now-a-days, there would be little need for Indiana divorces, and mothers- in-law would become the most transient of life's fleeting ills.