SHAKERESS: GOLD KING A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS We are accustomed to look upon those who hoard up silver and gold, and who add one pile to another and feast their eyes with the sight thereof, as idolaters. Some would say, such persons were extremely selfish. But it is usually the case, that, through an excessive thirst for more gold, they deprive themselves of even the necessary comforts of life. Hence a miser, in the estimation of an enlightened public, will be deemed a slave to avarice. But we would ask, are there not many kinds and degrees of slavery existing in society at the present time ? Gold is the crowned king of to-day, and holds out a glittering scepter to the warrior, to the ambitious man, to the sensualist, to the devotee of fashion, and to the wine-bibber. ' Wealth is power.' By it, the nation's warring armies upon the land, and her fleets upon the seas, receive their support. Gold aids the wine-bibber, who seeks to satiate his raging thirst, and he drinks, and drinks again, till the dregs are bitterness, and demons mock him! And the sensualist, by the same means, finds easy access to the foul pools from whence he draws his supplies. The devotee of fashion bows before the throne of king Gold, and throws her all at his feet; while he, in return, bedecks her with jewels and costly pearls, and clothes her with scarlet and fine raiment, and helps her to seek out many inventions through which to gratify desires that never can be satisfied; for the more they are indulged, the stronger they become, and the greater are their demands. Is not this slavery ? Can we marvel, when we hear the low murmuring, the discordant sounds, and the loud wail of grief, so often borne along on the ' wings of the wind,' which come up from all ranks of society ? While self is the center around which all the thoughts and feelings revolve, and to which all the labors and efforts are directed, there can be no real happiness ; for, unless the physical powers co-operate with the social, mental, and moral attributes of the being, there must be inharmony ; the better part is enslaved, entombed, and shut out from the light of true science, which shines upon the natural man and woman who stand in moral integrity on the earthly plane. In the natural order, the family relation is an indication of a desire which inheres in the human soul to expand beyond selfhood' and, although the circle thus formed is narrow and partial in its bearings, yet it is an advance from individualism toward universality : Toiling for others, even if it be for kith and kin, is better than concentrated selfishness. And, when individuals go outside of the family circle, and extend aid and influence to friends and neighbors, or, going still farther, they work for the nation's weal unselfishly, just in proportion as they enlarge their sphere of usefulness to bless humanity, they will receive a blessing in return, whether it be in a temporal, intellectual, or moral point of view. The world's benefactors never fail of receiving from the great public heart, a grateful response to their labors, though many have waited a long time before their efforts were appreciated. And if there are some who, for conscience God-ward, and from love to truth and humanity, have left the natural, genera- tive plane of life altogether, with its partial relations and selfish professions, and are rising into a new life, seeking the order of angelic beings, and striving to be like them, consecrating their substance and gains, temporally and spiritually, to the ' God of the whole earth,' and of all souls; do not such give the greatest manifestation of unselfish love possible to mortals ? And will not such lay up treasures in the heavenly kingdom, and secure a great reward ?