PRAYER Prayer is as sweet as the distilled dews from the skies wh': h canopy the heavenly Paradise. Can it be that any intelligent being has lived on this earth, and passed to the life beyond, without having felt the pure influence of the spirit of prayer, and who has not at times found relief for his or her troubled spirit, in supplicating the Father of all mercies for his tender ct-.re? If, amid the tempest of wild temptation, or the flood of unanswerable doubt, and in the chill of cold indifference, a soul can only bow beneath the sweet, yet potent influence of prayer, the victory is half won ; for, when the better impulses of the soul gain the ascendency, luring temptations and blinding doubts will dissolve like frost-work before the morning sun. In the silent hour of prayer, when ministering angels are gliding down the golden ladder, and are filling the air with the essence of true humility, and the spirit bathes in its beautiful wave, r.nu drinks of its electrified waters, there is joy inexpressible; and it gives pure delight thus to blend with angels, and commune with them through the beautiful door-way of praye;, and is productive of pure and delightful satisfaction of soul. But there are h urs, when life or death seems wrapped up in prayer that trembles on the lips; and, in deep anguish, the soul ' prays because it must.' The great fruition of such offering, is its own reward. The prayer for others' sorrow, prompted by sympathy and love, and the earnest, unselfish supplication which the pure in heart offer, in behalf of the weak and erring, penetrates the clouds of doubt, disarms the foes to purity, calms fear, inspires love, whispers forgiveness and restoration to happiness, and is as sweet as honey in the comb, and as musical as the song which was sung by the ' Morning Stars.' We read of one who prayed in the garden of Gethsemane, when his deep agony wrung drops of blood from his pores; yet he arose calm and subdued, with those beautiful words falling from his lips: ' Not my will, O Father, but thine be done.' And she whom we call Mother, when in the prison cells of Manchester (England), Albany, and Poughkeepsie, through the long, dark watches of night, gave her soul to earnest: supplication, and came forth with songs of praise on her lips. And, although human pride may often stand as a barrier in the way of prayer and contrition of spirit, yet every one who has felt the holy and inspiring influences induced by this heavenly gift, realizes that ' sacredly blest is the hour of Prayer.' Maria Wheeler, Union Village, Ohio