EATING WITHOUT HUNGER This is a very foolish and injurious habit, one which almost every one is more or less subject to. Hunger is the signal which nature gives to indicate the necessity for a supply of food. When the system requires food, and is in a condition to make good use of it, it will call for it in its original way. There are some exceptions to this rule in certain diseased conditions, but they are very few. The digestive organs are in the best possible condition for digesting food when the sensation of hunger exists, and they can then do it far more easily, thoroughly, quickly and with less effort than at any other time. Most people pay little attention to this ; they are sure to eat whenever they are hungry, if it is so that they can ; and they are just about as apt to eat when they are not, if it is convenient for them to do so, or they chance to see any thing which ' tickles their palate.' Especially is this rule — never eat unless you are hungry — violated in sickness. In acute disturbances of the system the sensation of hunger is seldom manifested, for the simple reason that the system does not require food. If food is eaten at such times, as it usually is, for everybody thinks the patient will surely starve if he does not eat just so much and so often, it becomes a burden to the system which must be got rid of, for there is no use for it; and as it will not do to let it remain in the stomach, the vital powers, which are engaged in the reparative process termed disease, are called from the work upon which they are engaged to remove the substances which are creating the disturbance. Thousands of persons have been prematurely laid in their graves simply by eating heartily when the system was not in a condition to properly digest and appropriate the food. Let this rule be observed by those who desire health with all the untold blessings which always accompany it; whether sick or well, do not force food into the stomach tinless there is a demand for it. No fears need be entertained of starving, for a desire for food will be manifested long before the starvation point is reached. — Ex.