MOTHER'S DAY 0 let it be, throughout the whole fair land, A day whose shining shall illume the year; A time of aspirations pure and grand, Of thoughts unselfish, and of vision clear. The costly robe from human fiber spun, And gems condensed from sorrow's briny flow, Let them not glisten in that equal sun, 'Whose healing wings shall no distinction know. Let Pride and Fashion (cowering) stand apart, 'While Woman, clothed in majesty and grace, Brings forth the jewels hidden in her heart, To wear them calmly with uplifted face; With face uplifted by the power of hope,— That hope which conquers in its onward way, And gives the present all its narrow scope, Nor from the past subtracts one single day, But turns to profit all that is and was ; Draws from the future pure, prophetic light, To aid and strengthen Truth's ennobling cause, And fill her vanguard with angelic might. The road of Woman is a thorny steep, And she has climb'd it, borne with heavy chains, When only dews have help'd her soul to weep, And midnight moanings echo'd back her pains. The vulture's eye hath never seen her there; Nor hath the lion's foot her pathway trod: Her balmless anguish, and her voiceless prayer, Have reached the Spirit of her Mother—Gob. 'Twas man that sought Divine Paternal lead,— Ask'd light and wisdom at His throne above; But woman, through her soul's unanswer'd need, Hath found her Mother, the Maternal Dove. No more half-orphan'd shall the race be made : Beneath our Mother's standard, Home shall rise: May its foundations on this day be laid, Before the Angels' glad approving eyes. O Day momentous! may thine altar's fire Consume the burdens of the sore oppress'd: May ev'ry noble soul with pure desire Approach thy shrine, to be inspired and bless'd. If some should come with spikenard and with tears, O may their off 'rings be in love received, And Woman, as their Savior, quell their fears, And guide them upward till they are relieved. There is no human ill beyond control; No dark decree of unrelenting Fate; For God hath made provision for the soul; And we will toil, and for the harvest wait. Cecilia Devyr, Mt. Lebanon