'SHAKER AID SHAKERESS.' Go forth, thou heavenly messenger, into all the earth, bearing glad tidings of truth and life to all people. Say to those who make idols of earthly riches, and who suffer worldly treasures to gain control over the mind, and blind the sight to things of supreme worth, thus paralyzing the forces of the whole being, ' It is impossible to serve God and mammon.' Those who turn all their energies to accumulate wealth for selfish indulgence and aggran- dizement, and who neglect to lay up treasures for the immortal part, which must exist in the life beyond this, will be dwarfed in spirit. Some think that a religious life, by reason of the cross imposed, is hard, and that a worldly life is easy; but the yoke of Christ, to those who are reconciled to wear it, is far easier than the yoke of sin. Those who profess the Christian life and character, should give a practical illustration of their profession in all their acts and walks of life, and beware of the deceitfulness of sin, whether in riches, or in the lusts of the flesh or mind, which, if entered into, will choke the word of life in the soul. Jesus said to those who were bound by earthly riches, ' Sell that thou hast, and give alms, and lay up treasures in heaven.' Those who do this will find that they have made a sure and safe investment. But very few are willing to trust the Bank of Heaven! God has intrusted the perishable things of time to mankind to use and not abuse, and as a means to prove his integrity; not as a power to oppress and grind the poor, and to exalt and glorify self, by defrauding his neighbor. The earth and all that is therein belong to God; the gold, and silver, and precious stones, all belong to Him; and the cattle upon a thou- sand hills are his own. Man holds them in trust; they are blessings lent, and he will be held to a strict accountability for the use of them. Those who possess the means to relieve the destitute and suffering, and thus use them, will be a blessing to humanity, and will draw down blessings upon themselves, till 'their souls are as a watered garden whose beauty fadeth not.' Christ's sermon on the Mount plainly shows the line of the blessing. Those who are ' poor in spirit (humbly relying on God, seeking aid and strength from Him), theirs is the kingdom of heaven.' ' The mourner (the penitent soul who sorrows for sin) will be comforted.' ' The meek (those who are loving and forgiving) and the pure in heart' are all promised a special blessing. The more we perfect the Christian character, which can only be attained by earnest effort, the better able we shall be to intelligently understand the real worth of the above-named blessings. Little by little we gain self-control; step by step we march onward to the heavenly goal, where the victor dwells. A full surrender of the soul to God is the Christian's duty; it does not profit to retain part for self. ' They who sow sparingly shall also reap sparingly;' our reward will be according to our works. Self- denial and the cross is the pathway that leads to eternal life ; because of this, few will seek it; for self will always strive for the mastery, and always stands in opposition to the searching power of truth, that will bring the affections and the very thoughts into obedience to the law of Christ, who said ' Why call ye me Lord, Lord, and do not the things that I say ? ' But, 0 how blessed, how noble and glorious, are those who come forth to the judgmentwork in this life, showing their deeds and washing in Jordan's river till they become clean and pure, that the Divine image may be formed in them. Long live the ' Shaker and 87iakeress ! ' and may it afford a healing balm, and be a guiding star to suffering humanity. Joanna Randall, Shirley, Mass.