WORK The parable concerning the servants to whom certain talents were delivered, is very instruc- tive. When they had received each their talents, their lord said, ' Occupy (or improve) till I come.' He did not say, ' occupy till you get tired, and then lay by ;' but, ' occupy till I come ' and call on you. This teaches us, that we are not to lay down or give up any talent, or gift given us to improve ; but that we must hold on and faithfully and patiently work, till the authority which bestowed the gift shall release us. Self must not dictate in this. To him who had received five, and gained other five talents, that is, doubled his capacity and gift for usefulness, it was said: ' Well done, good and faithful servant, thou hast been faithful over a few things;' thou hast established thy character for faithfulness and integrity, and at the same time hast so improved thy gifts and ca- pacity for further usefulness, that thou canst now take and bear a much heavier burden. I therefore now appoint thee to take the burden, care, and government of ' ten cities.' Thus we see that the good lord of this good and faithful servant did not now release him, saying, You have done very well; go now and loll, and take your ease ! Instead of this, you see, he appointed him a tenfold burden, and a more arduous duty; and this, for the very good reason, that his increased experience and skill well qualified him for the performance of this extra service. The same is true of the other servants who had faithfully improved their gifts, however small. Each received additional burdens, in proportion to what had been given and improved. What is remarkable, and most worthy of imitation in all those who are called good and faithful servants, we do not hear of their ever complaining or expressing any disappointment. Each took his increased burden and went on cheerfully doing the will of his lord. They did not say, ' Why, I think I have served long enough ; and I certainly expected that you, my lord, would release me now, and let me take my ease.' No such talk as that proceeded from the mouths of those devoted servants, who had no motive nor any higher source of joy than to be employed in promoting the work and kingdom of their lord. It was their meat and drink to do his will. And they did not wish to be released from sitting at their lord's table, nor did they desire to cease from doing his work. This looking for releasement and ease would have approached too near to the character of that lazy servant who buried his talent. All the difference there seems to be in the two characters, is merely of time. The slothful servant buried his talent and commenced his life of idleness and ease immedi- ately, while the other went to work only for a time, and then quitted labor and his lord's interest, and commenced the same life of ease and indolence that the other did in the start. Neither of them devoted himself to his lord and his work, soul and body, for time and eternity, like the good and faithful servants. In the Church of Jesus Christ, there is, sub- stantially, but the two characters: The good and faithful servant, who, without reserve, devotes himself wholly and forever to his Lord's service, and goes on improving his talents for usefulness, and increasing his burden and service as his talents increase ; and the slothful servant, who either refuses to work, or, if he begins, reserves the right to quit when he pleases ; and, consequently, soon demands to be released, and joins the other in a life of ease and idleness. Or, if he works at all, must do his own will, and pick and choose for himself what he will condescend to do! He who takes this latter course is not serving his Lord and doing his will, but serving himself and doing his own will. There may be some who will readily agree with all that has been said, and with great liberality give it all away to the official members of the body — the Ministry, Elders, Trustees and Deacons. They must all stand up to the work, and never flinch, or lay down their gifts! But the ox driver, the horse teamster, the cow tender, the carpenter, shoemaker, farmer, or gardener, or broom-maker, they may all, or any of them, throw up their work just when they please, and say: If the Elders and Deacons don't release me, I'll do something else ! Who made this line of distinction between those called officials and others, that the first should be bound always to do their Lord's will, and the latter to do as they please 1 Is the Gospel requirement partial ? We do not believe that. Every one of us, from the least to the greatest, is equally bound to improve the gifts committed to us, whether few or many, great or small. If you faithfully improve, and steadfastly continue to go on, you will gain and deserve the character of ' good and faithful servants.' If you refuse to do this, and set up your own wills and lay out for yourselves, you will inevitably be classed with the slothful servant, and share the awful fate apportioned to him. R. W. Pelham, Union Village, Ohio