COMMUNITY A Shaker Society is not one great Community of temporal interests, as is so generally- supposed by outsiders. In each Society there are several Communities, or Families. The members of every Family have 'all things common' secured by Covenant. Agreeable to its provisions, executive officers are appointed from Elders and Trustees down to the minor officers — care-takers and burden-bearers, 'helps in Government.' In it, there are no invidious distinctions of rich and poor, male or female; all fare alike in food and clothing, and all are equally eligible to office, the government being dual. Families in a Society may differ in their temporal conditions, from fortuitous circumstances, such as location, the business they chose to adopt, the ability to conduct affairs, the number of members, and from many other causes of a temporal and spiritual nature — the same contingencies as those to which Societies are subject. Hence Families, or Communities, and even Societies, which are aggregations of Communities, may be, comparatively, rich or poor. But, in a poor Family, the poverty is entirely nominal, inasmuch as, so long as the organi zation lasts, the physical wants of such are quite as amply provided for as are those of a rich Family or Society. Indeed, as a general rule, the poor among Shakers are those who live the fullest, and that is one means of their poverty. And the worst that can happen is, that the waning Family becomes broken up, and its members absorbed in other Families of the Society. Then they are as rich as any other of the members. ' And the children of Israel gathered some more, some less of the manna; and, when they did mete it with an omer, he that gathered much had nothing over, and he that gathered little had no lack. They gathered every man according to his eating.' (Ex. 17: 18.) Consequently, it is not the county-house door that stands open before the poor Shaker, but the door of and into some other of the several Communities, where they are made heartily welcome as to their own. It is thus that the abstract idea of equality is realized throughout the Order, consisting of some sixty Communities, and that the fear and dread of poverty, of sickness, and of old age, so potent in the world, is entirely removed from every true and faithful member of the Organization.