READING Knowledge is essential to the growth and development of the human intellect, its proper aliment and nutrition; yet it is as possible to gorge the mind as the stomach ; the result is as deleterious. ' Man cannot live by bread alone ' (physically) ; nor can he live by books alone (mentally) ; variety of food is required, to stimulate the normal action of all his faculties. He who always feeds on the thoughts of others, is sadly neglecting the use of his own, thus stifling the sources of mental vigor and unfoldment. Book-learning is merely a matter of memory, only calling into requisition one of the many God-given powers possessed by all intelligent beings. Observation and reflection are stepping stones to independence and strength of character ; it is the prerogative of every individual to use them, and thus preserve their own identity and originality. Human nature is an ever open volume, for study, analysis, and discernment, requiring the exercise of the perceptive faculties. First ' know thyself,' then is the grand mystery unsealed, and we can read, understand, and judge correctly of the motives and actions of others. Every day brings us rare and gifted opportunities for the acquisition of such knowledge as books can never give, and which those who seclude themselves in a library never acquire. Life is fraught with useful lessons that we need to learn preparatory to entering a future state of existence. If we have no definite object or aim in reading, what shall it profit 1 If merely for amuse- ment, to pass away the time, or for sensual pleasure, then it would be infinitely better to put our hands to work, and engage our slumbering faculties in some noble and useful pur- suit, or calling; thus fitting ourselves for a sphere of activity, in which we can be a blessing to others, and not continue as mere drones in the hive of creative existences. We live in an age of reading; books are multiplied as the sands on the sea shore. All classes have access to the means of knowledge, that was only granted the privileged few, less than a century ago. Public libraries, free schools, and daily prints, proffer the boon of education to the lowest and most ignorant; but, with the good, there comes a greater evil. A light, trashy literature, in the form of cheap novels and low love stories, floats upon the surface of society, like scum on a stagnant pool, which is exceedingly pernicious, and as infectious as a deadly miasma ; especially to the minds and morals of the young and inexperienced ; increasing the ' social evil' to a great extent, withdrawing their interest from high mental culture, ennobling discipline, and objects of intrinsic moral and spiritual worth. Very few young persons, in this day, will confine their attention to solid reading ; it is irk- some, dull, and uninteresting; they want something sensational, and exciting, the very tendency of which, is to arouse passions that ought to be subdued, to set on fire lusts of their lower nature, the products of which, are haunts of vice, misery, a prostitution of virtue, and an increase of crime, not only in low, but in high places. Some time since I was particularly impressed with this fact. We were traveling by rail a short journey eastward. Two young women entered the car and were seated opposite, in front view; the youngest (of rather prepossessing appearance) drew from her valise a large pamphlet, and commenced reading with apparent absorption of mind. The book had the appearance of a novel; a glance revealed it. ' Foul Play' was the startling title, clearly intimating its contents and character. I watched her as her interest deepened; and, on that would-be lovely face, traced the imagery of pictures base, that were stamping an indelible impress on her very soul. I turned away with saddened thought and feeling, having read a lesson of life blighted while yet in blossom. A few moments after, a news-boy threw into my lap an illustrated paper; a cursory view disclosed the fact that it contained little else than nonsense ; it was cast aside in disgust, with the sober conclusion, that good thoughts were better company than unprofitable reading. I love good books, they are companions in solitude, and shed a light in dark places ; but, would forever forego the pleasure of reading, rather than cover the chamber walls of my soul with reflective pictures, that will pain the spirit in future, when life's drama shall be reviewed; or poison the fountains of existence with the foul infection of mental and moral disease. O that youthful minds would consider well the injunction of the wise man: 'Buy the truth (not fiction), and sell it not, also wisdom, instruction, and understanding;' and desire, above all things, knowledge that will result in future happiness, rather than momentary pleasure ; discerning between right and wrong, good and evil, through the exercise of the superior endowments of reason and conscience. Martha J. Anderson, Mt. Lebanon