WHY DO WE TAKE MEDICINE? Because the doctors prescribe it. But why do they prescribe it ? It is none of our business to ask. And yet it is very refreshing to hear the doctors themselves asking each other, as Dr. Robert Bartholomew does in his recent introductory address before the Medical College of Ohio : ' Cui bono ? What is it all worth ? What is the value of the work in which we are engaged as students and practitioners ? Is this business of ours a mere sham ?' It is really hopeful for us who are alive and well, but expect some time to be sick, to see a doctor come out of that owl-like inscrutability of wisdom which characterizes the average physician, and talk right out in meeting with common sense, frankness, and lucidity of statement. After showing how ' fallacious medical ' experience' is, when nothing more than 'the expression of preconceived opinions, or the prejudices engendered of fixed professional usages and current belief/ Dr. B. declares that ' ignorance renders the most persevering observation nugatory. If a man does not know what it is he sees, of little value to him is experience. The sympathetic power of Sir Kenelin Digby, the elixir of Paracelsus, the thirtieth potency of Hahnemann, have been supported by the experience of vast numbers. The former unanimity in favor of the efficiency of bloodletting in fever, of calomel in certain inflammations, is only equaled by the present disbelief in the reality of those experiences.' 'How then,' Dr. Bartholomew inquires, ' shall we ascertain the worth of our remedies 1' His answer is, that the doctors must apply the scientific tests, which in other departments of knowledge, yield exact results. He ingenuously confesses that ' if our so-called therapeutical facts do not respond to scientific questions ; if we have no other arguments in support of them than faith, and an experience, as vague as it is uncertain and delusive, then may our souls be possessed with the fear that drug-giving is a hollow mockery.' That is just the uncomfortable fear which does sometimes possess the souls of us laymen who have to send for the doctor.—Ex.