CHAFF Beloved Editress : I know it is true that, ' without the chaff there can be no wheat;' and I have been ruminating in my mind, whether I was willing to be used as such. It is, you know, a fundamental principle in Shakerism to pay all just dues. I am indebted to many dear friends who have contributed so freely to the maintenance of our little Monthly which is sent out from the Gospel Ark over the dark and turbid waters, bearing the olive-branch of hope and peace to struggling sin-bound souls. I would gladly cancel this debt were I able, but the question is, What have I to give ? Have I nothing but chaff'to give in exchange for good wheat ? I have concluded to give the best I have to-day, and will try to gain something better for to-morrow. I feel a great interest in the prosperity of this truth-bearing messenger ; and those who are willing to forsake the natural, and rise above the animal plane of life, into the superior heavenly state, will welcome it as a harbinger of blessing to their souls. I remember that, when I was a child, I read and heard much about the judgment day, when a separation would be made between the righteous and the wicked ; that the righteous, in that day, would be caught up to meet the Lord in the air, and that the wicked would be left to the flames which would continue to burn without consuming them. The thought to me was terrible! I knew that I was a sinner, and was glued as it were to the earth by unhallowed desires, and strong selfish affections ; and I could not see how I could find power to break those ties, or get angel wings to rise above them. In this condition I remained many years. But at length I was led, by the providence of God, to this people; this Zion of God upon earth. Here I found a home for both body and soul; and by confessing and forsaking sin, the judgment thereof was taken away; and, by receiving the truth in the love of it, I found that it contained enough of the Refiner's fire to consume the dross that remained; and the belief in, and dread of, a literal fire, was banished from my mind ; and I also found that, by faith and good works, I might rise with the saints into the divine life; which, before, I had thought an impossibility. And, should there be any in the dreary wTilds of nature, who are encircled by the dark mists of error and false teaching, who are suffering as I have suffered, and who desire to escape therefrom, I would kindly invite them to our Zion home, where they wrill find the Comforter, the Spirit of Truth, to lead and guide them ; and where they can commence the immortal life, and enjoy the liberty of the sons and daughters of God, and join in the song of redemption, sung by those who are washing their robes and making them white by living as Jesus lived, and bearing the same cross that he bore. Sarah Hollister, Canaan, N. Y.