INSPIRATION As we trace the Scriptures from Genesis to the Revelation, we see that, from time im- memorial, there has been a constant stream of inspiration poured out upon those who were so organized as to receive it, and they were commissioned to impart it to others. The portals of heaven have been opened to mortals, and rich stores of Divine love, and rays of heavenly light, have been given to mankind, as a beacon, to guide and direct their footsteps. The Prophets of old were chosen vessels, or inspired mediums, through whom God revealed his will. And, at a later period, Jesus and his disciples were chosen mediums; and, as they were ministered unto by spirits from a more interior sphere than were those who preceded them, so they became mediums of higher truths. Inspiration did not die, or cease to flow, when they passed from the earth-sphere, and the Church, of their day was disorganized; but God continued to raise up witnesses, who testified to the truth, down through a long night of spritual darkness. According to Sacred Writ, there was a promise given, that Christ would appear again on the earth, and, as Jesus was visited by the male Christ Spirit, and anointed to be ' the firstborn among many brethren,' so was Ann Lee visited and anointed by the female Christ Spirit, to be the first-born among many sisters. And why not ? If Jesus was Divinely inspired, why could not Ann Lee also be thus inspired ? Their teachings were the same, and the fruits brought forth by their followers are the same. All religion has its origin in Divine inspiration, and all true doctrine is derived from the same source. And those who follow Jesus and Ann — live the same life, and bear the same cross which they bore — ' will know of the doctrine ' which they taught. Jesus declared his mission to be, to reveal the Father; Ann also testified that it was her mission to reveal the Mother. If the fruits brought forth by them were the same, and we are to judge a tree by the fruit that it bears, then, why should we doubt the cause, when the effects produced are one in kind. There has been a continuation of Divine and heavenly gifts, from Mother Ann to the present time, operating both internally and externally, in the Church of Christ's second appearing, to enlighten the understanding and strengthen the feeble, and to confirm the weak in faith, and to edify the faithful; which has enabled them progressively to move forward in a united body and grow in grace and in knowledge, and gain the treasures of the Gospel of salvation for themselves and other souls. We know the great Eternal One Has not seal'd up the gates of heav'n, That man no more of truth may learn Than what one sacred Book has giv'n: Nor has pure Wisdom's mighty fount Exhausted all her precious store ; Nor is man deem'd of lessuiccount Than In the brightest days of yore. Union Village, 0. Heavenly wisdom is a talent from above which must be improved to make it abiding In so doing it confers a happiness that satisfies the soul.