SHAKERESS: CONSCIENCE A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS Is there any thing that an intelligent human being should desire more than a healthy con- science? The Creator of the Universe, of mind and matter, the great Designer of all things in the visible and invisible worlds, subjected all things to law and order, and placed conscience in the human soul as a guide and dictator of the actions of life. However lengthy the period of time may have been in bringing the component parts together, bo as to form a perfect whole in the macrocosm or microcosm, it is evident that a superior Power and Intelligence comprehended the end from the beginning, and had one object and purpose in view. Some of the ancient Seers, when under the beautiful inspiration of the Spirit, said, ' Just weights and measures are the Lord's. He measured the waters, weighed the mountains in scales, balanced the hills, and meted out the heavens;' from which, we may understand that there was an original design to bring all parts together into a compact body, that they might be fitly joined together, every joint supplying its proper place; thus forming one glorious temple in which God should dwell as the central Light — the Soul and Animus of all things. We read of denied, and evil, and weak consciences; and also of pure and good con- sciences. If the conscience be pure and good, then reason will take its proper place, and act in consonance: Reason will suggest and conscience decide. If conscience be right, the reasoning powers in man and in woman will be turned Godward. In this they have the pre-eminence over the lower orders of the animal creation, which are ruled by instinct. Conscience and reason are God's crown and seal to humanity, and the express manifestation of his love. How can we ever be guilty of abusing such noble gifts, and of turning such blessings into curses? That there has been a great departure from the original design; that conscience has been violated, reason dethroned, and statutes broken, none will undertake to deny. Yet there is hope for humanity! The spirit of prophecy is again poured out upon the present generation to an extent never before known. The condensed history of the ancient Prophets that has been handed down to us, extended through long periods of time. It would appear that there were seasons when the prophetic spirit was rife among the ancients, and that it was not exclusively confined to those who were the most holy in life and character. Instance: At the same time that the seventy elders, whom Moses gathered about the tabernacle, prophesied, Saul's messengers caught the spirit and prophesied also; and even Saul, himself, was found among the prophets. At a later period of time the prophetic spirit was confined to a few mediums. When the persecuting power, justly called ' the reign of the beast,' bore rule, then sorrowing witnesses prophesied in sackcloth and mourning. But the ages have rolled on, and the spiritual forces have been at work preparing the way for the present time, in which the spiritual progressive elements, could give birth to a New Era; and it is a most marked epoch in the world's history. And, as the rain-clouds when formed in the natural heavens, descend upon the just and the unjust; so it is in the spiritual elements ; the gifts of God are given without repentance, to lead souls thereunto that all may be left without excuse. Some receive the gifts of the Spirit and consume them upon the animal, sensual appetites, and thereby ' turn the grace of God into lasciviousness ;' and light in them becomes darkness, which is dense. Such gather around them false, deceiving spirits, who prophesy falsely, and fill the minds of many with doubt and confusion. Water, to be sweet to the taste, must be conveyed to us in clean vessels. However pure it may be when it issues from the fountain, unless the channel through which it flows to us is pure, it is neither healthful nor pleasant. So it is with the gifts of the Spirit. If mediums of communication from the inhabitants of the Spirit-spheres to mortals are truthful, just, and pure in their lives, then messages borne by them will be reliable, and will give life and health to the receiver, and will be like pure water through a clean vessel to the parched lips of the thirsty soul. Messengers sent from the higher spheres will always shed a Divine influence that Avill elevate and guide the feet of the Heaven-bound traveler into the highway cast up for the ransomed of the Lord to walk in, and will aid them in keeping a good ' conscience, void of offense toward God and all men.'