THE HEAVENS That the heavens are plural, is as generally an admitted fact as any that can be named. How many heavens there are, is an open question. But the number seven would probably gather to it the greatest number of believers, both within and outside of our Order. ' Ye know not what spirit ye are of,' said Jesus to his disciples, when they proposed to do as Elijah had done before them, bring from the spirit-world, through the agency of spirits in the second or Jewish heavens, primitive fire to consume the villagers who would not receive and entertain them over night. How was this? What had these people done, or not done, deserving of death, even at the hands of angels, and by fire coming down from heaven 1 The disciples at the time were professing to be Christians, to be under the ministrations of spirits of the seventh sphere ; and were being instructed in ' the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven,' which was the dawn of the seventh heaven upon this earth. The angels of the second heaven were still in the life of generation and war. Their Zion on earth was the Jewish temple ; and, under the influence of the religious revival inaugurated by John the Baptist, those angels helped Jesus, by inspiring and using him as a medium, to cleanse the temple of the thieves and robbers, together with the money and the animals, which had turned it into a house of merchandise, instead of ' a house of prayer for all nations.'* That was war on the Jewish plane, and in the degree represented by Elijah. It was right on the part of those angels in the order and heaven they were in. But it was wrong on the part of Jesus, in the order and heaven under which he was called; and, in the cool of the day, when Jesus came out of his mediumship, and began to feel after the angels of his higher mission, he was humbled by their presence, and fell under judgment and condemnation, which the disciples observing, the prophetic saying came to their remembrance: ' The zeal of thine house,' in the lower order, ' hath eaten ' up his life in the Christ heaven; until, in his ' humiliation ' and repentance, ' his judgment was taken away ' by a renewed baptism from the seventh heaven, and a restoration to union with his proper ministering angels, which he received, not as a Jew, but as a Christian. Thus was Jesus instructed in the Christian sphere of warfare, which is not physical or carnal, but is ' mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds, casting down imaginations and every high thing * It was at the instigation of the same Jewish spirits, that Jesus attended a wedding, and that he commanded his Apostles to sell their clothes, to buy swords with the proceeds. that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ.' It was not carnal, even as pure Jewish wars were not carnal, where no physical violence was done by those in the body, death being inflicted by disembodied warriors. Reproduction of the highest order was the same in the children of promise or premeditation, where offspring was the sole object of sexual intercourse. It was, then, simply as a Jew that Jesus was a medium in the temple for the angels of the heaven who inspired Elijah. And as Jews, his Apostles, who had thus seen Jesus exercise war on the Jewish plane, essayed, in the case of the Samaritans, to follow his example, not yet having attained to the Christ sphere of war. Jesus having received reproof and instruction himself, administered by the Christ angels, administered the same to his Apostles, saying, ' The son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them.' That was not to them entire redemption from one sphere to the other ; for they would alternate between the two. When the Christ cross was too heavy, they would drop it, and take up the Jewish cross, as the more natural and bearable of the two. Anon, they would repent, and rise again into their proper order, until they learned to know what spirit they were of, and from which of the heavens their ministering spirits had come to them from their old heavens, which were fast passing away from them, or from their new heavens, in which they were called to form a permanent inheritance. It is the same to-day with the representatives of the various sects and opposers of sects in Babylon, who are called to be Believers in Christ's Second Appearing, and to receive ministrations from the same Christ-heavens from which Jesus and his Apostles received their ministrations ; ' God having concluded them all in unbelief, that he might have mercy upon all;' it being a law, that none in an inferior dispensation can sin beyond the power of redemption by that which succeeds and is superior to it; as it is also a law, that those who have attained to the highest degree of spirituality in an inferior dispensation, when conjoined to a sensual, animal life, are more difficult of resurrection than those who live an equally sensual life, but whose spiritual powers have not been quickened to the same degree. In the superior dispensation, the constant tendency of old habits and modes of thought is to attract and bring back their former ministering and guardian spirits; and the last end of such persons is worse than the first, because it is more difficult to convict them of the fact, and convert them the second time; even as it would be more difficult to cause fire to pass over the burnt forest of the West than it was previous to the conflagration. This is one of the stratagems of the enemy, of which the Apostles declared themselves to be not ignorant. ' There is a way which seemeth right to a man, the end whereof is death.' Nothing so confirms a person in the correctness of his ideas, or positions, as the impress of the spirit who is in the same mental and spiritual condition. It becomes ' confirmation strong as proofs from Holy Writ.' ' Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits,' and seek to know to what order they belong, and from what heaven or hell, or intermediate sphere they have proceeded — whether from the old heavens, from which you used to be inspired when living in the world, or from the new heavens whence alone inspirations may come that will create you anew — make you a new creature. As of old, the spirits that acknowledged that Christ had come to men and women in the flesh, in the persons of Jesus and Peter and his successors, until the Church fled into the wilderness ; so also, in our day, those spirits who acknowledge that Christ has come in Ann Lee with equal power, and to her successors with as great authority as they appeared in those whom Jesus sent, are true Christ Spirits.