BI-SEXUALITY OF GOD It is a very strange thing to the outside world, that the Shakers, who have never made much pretension to a knowledge of Hebrew and Greek, should have lit upon the idea of the bi-sexuality of God, manifesting Himself in the flesh, first in the male, and then in the female—Jesus and Ann. The Hebrew word 'El' is the radical meaning of God the Creator. The word ' Ann ' signifies a Mother. If, then, the word ' Elohim,' God, is a compound of these, it expresses the idea of Bi-Sexuality — Father and Mother God. The Greek word ' Theos,' God, according to Bretschneider's Lexicon, is both masculine and feminine, and conveys the idea of the Hindoo theology, the oldest on earth, that the sexes unite in the great First Cause. It may seem to strengthen this conception of the Divine Bi-Sexuality, when we contemplate the fact, that the Shakers never got it from books. It seems to have been breathed upon them by the Spirit of God, through Angels and glorified spirits, according to the Greek word ' theopneustos,' which expresses this very thing. You are aware that Mr. Darwin maintains that the human race was once androgynous; that is to say, the two sexes were united in the same person. Physiologists find proof of this in the rudimental organs; those organs which, in both sexes, are of no use to them now, but which were in use in those far back times, when the race was in its primitive condition of development. However this may be, it cannot be doubted, that the finest human characters among men, are those which blend the strength of the male with the purity and gentleness of the female. And the finest female characters are those which blend the conscious self-reliance and self-respect of the man, with the instinctive gentleness and delicacy of the woman. A man all male does not command our sympathy and confidence. A woman all female has always been the symbol of weakness, and an object of commisseration. Yet it does not take away from the manliness of a man, that there is a broad stripe of the woman woven into his character. Nor does it rob a woman of her chief glory, because she has the firmness, the perseverance, and self-reliance, of her brother, joined with the loveliness that is essentially feminine. A. B. Bradford