UNDEFILED RELIGION To live righteously, love mercy, to exercise charity one toward another, to withdraw our affections from all inferior objects, and to love the Lord our God — 'our Heavenly Father and Mother '— with all our mind, might, and strength, and our neighbor as ourselves, is practical Religion. And when under the influence of this pure spirit, we shall, under all circumstances, do by others as we would have them do by us. Those who form the true Christian character, must rise above the work of reproduction, and become 'holy in both body and mind,' keeping their physical bodies pure — 'fit temples for the Holy Spirit to dwell in; and they will meditate on those things which elevate the mind above sensuality. Those who thus turn their thoughts and feelings from, earthly to heavenly things, will go out, in spirit, seeking draughts of inspiration from fee Fountain of goodness, to water and keep alive the germ of immortality which is placed in every human soul. The living spirit in man and in woman yearns for immortal food to sustain it; it ' cannot live by bread alone,' nor be content to feed on material things; but it must have the 'living bread which cometh down from heaven' to subsist upon; and it needs the breath of Divine inspiration to fan the celestial fires of truth, that they may ever keep burning in the soul. There are different degrees of goodness and truth on the natural plane of life ; and they who live the nearest to the Moral Law, which was given to regulate man and woman in the work of reproduction, approach the nearest to the spiritual and Divine Order. But those who possess ' pure and undefiled religion' will keep themselves unspotted from the world. The world here alluded to, is the ' lusts of the flesh and of the mind,' and are the founda- tional principles of the worldly life which all human beings inherit from their earthly pro- genitors ; but they never came from our Heavenly Father and Mother. There is a plain line of demarcation drawn by the Apostle Paul, in his epistle to the G-alatians, between the worldly and the Christian life. The manifest works of the flesh are ' adultery, fornication, idolatry, hatred, envyings, murders,' etc., etc., with a long train of evils too numerous to mention in our space. While the fruits of the Spirit produced by those who live clean, chaste lives, are ' love, joy, peace, long-suffering,' etc., with other accompanying virtues. They who ' live in the flesh cannot please God,' because they are under the influence of ' the carnal mind, which is enmity against God.' Jesus said to his disciples, ' In the world ye shall have tribulation; but be of good cheer, I have overcome the world. How did he overcome the world ? Was it not by a total abnegation of the generative, lustful nature within ? When tempted by the adversary, he bowed not at the shrine of sensual indulgence; but persistently said to his enemy, ' Get thee hence, Satan.' His religion was ' pure and undefiled; ' and all his true followers have done, and are doing as he did; i. e., 'crucifying the flesh with all its affections and lusts'' — keeping their bodies and souls pure ; and are making room in their hearts for the Holy Spirit, the Heavenly Dove to dwell in. So let none become weary in well-doing, nor grow faint or feeble while running the Gospel race; for if in 'patience we possess our souls,' all will be well. ' Whatsoever we sow we shall ' certainly reap.' If we are careful to 'sow to the Spirit,' and reject all that is false and vain, and hold fast 'pure and undefiled religion,' we shall ' reap life everlasting.' Eldress Polly Reed, Mt. Lebanon