LOVE When Jesus was about to part with his disciples, he gave them a ' new commandment,' that they should love one another as lie had loved them. He said, ' By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another.' The love which Jesus felt for his disciples was pure and unselfish ; it was not emotional and circumstantial; but he loved from principle. At times, his language to them was gentle and persuasive. He also manifested his love toward them by stern rebukes, for lack of faith ; and James and John for the spirit of retaliation they possessed, when they thought to call down fire from heaven ' to consume' the Samaritans who would not receive him. To Peter, when he reasoned as a natural man against the revelation made to Jesus, he said, ' Get thee behind me, Satan; thou art an offense unto me ; thou savorest not the things that be of God, but those that be of men.' Probably all persons feel it difficult (more or less) to extend love and sympathy where it would not be appreciated. But, by reflecting on the goodness of our Eternal Parents, we shall clearly see our duty — not, indeed, to do other persons' work in their stead ; but to willingly become helpers, or co-workers with Divine Wisdom, in redeeming our fellowbeings from sin and misery, by practical kindness and love. True love is eternal, enduring, and as unchanging as the sun in its course. Amid joy and sorrow, clouds and sunshine, prosperity and adversity, it remains unshaken, unblemished by the stains of selfishness, and unsullied by the blight of envy and jealousy. Ever mindful of the best interests of others, true godly love is anxious to relieve every affliction, even though surrounding circumstances may render it difficult and discouraging ; and it will manifest itself in various ways, in order that its great object may be accomplished. The grace of God in the heart will teach us how to love; and the words we speak will give unmistakable evidence of sincerity. If we would be God's ' peculiar people,' we must zealously show our'' faith by our works,' and manifest our love to our brethren and sisters by relinquishing all kinds of selfishness ; and, in the true spirit of consecration, be willing to toil for the general good. By suitable reflection upon this subject, we may so direct our words and actions, that they shall convey the true love and interest existing in our hearts for our loving Gospel kindred and friends, as well as for the erring, who most need a helping hand; and that thereby they may be inspired with courage to withstand temptation, and become victors over all the powers of evil. Thus, in our social and religious communings, we shall feel peace and satisfaction, and shall drink, from the pure Fountain of heavenly love, the crystal waters of eternal life, which will flow to our souls, baptizing us into one spirit, that we may be of one heart and mind. If we really love, in full accordance with the ' new commandment,' as Jesus loved, that is, have our love grounded in the principles of truth, purity, and goodness, then it will endure, and. even death itself cannot destroy it. Lucy Haskins, Mt. Lebanon