ZIONS YOUTH 'Young men (and women) be strong; for ye are able to overcome the wicked one.' --o— FitOM observation and experience we are inevitably led to conclude, that this is a world of rudiments. All things, including religion, seem to be in an incipient stage of develop- ment. When we first become conscious of existence, as moral and spiritual beings upon this earth, what very rude and crude patterns of men and women we find ourselves to be. With this painful discovery comes an inward longing for something better and more happifying; and we look about us for some path by which we may reach that better and happier estate. This uneasiness and discontent are the good soil wherein the seeds of a holy inspiration from on high may be sown ; and, if carefully watered by the tears of a salutary repentance, and cultivated by a sincere discipline of the mind in practical holiness — personal righteousness — will yield harvest after harvest of permanent peace — continual atonement — with God forever. It is of the utmost importance that an individual commencing such an existence, which must be eternal, should know, and solemnly ponder these things as early as possible. For, without this knowledge, one may go on for many years in a path directly away from permanent happiness and peace; every step of which must finally be retraced with godly sorrow, as so much time and labor lost, before the spiritual journey, which should have been undertaken long ago, can even be commenced. This is not the worst. Habits of thought and action, which have been contracted in the wrong direction, and greatly to the disadvantage of persons so unfortunate as above stated, often cling to them for long years after they have found, and sincerely entered upon, the bright path of regeneration. How happy and fortunate, then, are those who can say, in the words of the sacred hymn : 'The holy Redeemer arrested my soul, When ruinward I should have gone, [roll'd And calm'd the high waves of temptation that And beckon'd me lovingly on.' Now, if the giddiness of youth, and 'the pleasures of sin for a season,' are allowed to take precedence of the higher interests of man in the commencement of his career, then, when years shall have been wasted and gone, to return no more forever, he will look back upon them with bitter grief, and will remember a fearful catalogue of sinful derelictions, words and acts, blasted hopes, and a wounded conscience, which will be as so many broken reeds upon which he cannot lean, and will find himself ' pierced through with many sorrows' and agonies which will not be hushed. O what an asylum from evils is a sweet, pure home among Believers, if it is wisely appreciated. I know this by experience, having been in the enjoyment thereof for over half a century, and ever since I was five years old. I began quite early to think of these things. There was something floated across the disk of my mind—a kind of awful, ominous shadow. My conscience seemed to anticipate the terrible wreck of all my peace, should I yield myself to sensual delights. An undefinable terror seemed to seize me, whenever any image of impurity opened the door of my mind, and looked in upon me. For a long time, I was daily in tears, agitations, and prayers, lest I should one day fall by the hand of one of these Sauls of sensuality. But, after a time, I was enabled to fully triumph over them. I rejected the temptation, and, from that day to this, I have never yielded. The great and all-important inference to be drawn from this, which I desire should be received by every youth in Zion is, that, if he or she would take the shortest and least sorrowful road to invulnerable and solid peace, let him or her, after commencing the conflict, resolve firmly to never yield to the enemy one single time. In rolling a heavy stone up a steep hill, if we let it get out of our hands and roll to the bottom, or only part of the way, we not only lose all, or at least, a great portion of what we had gained, but must be at the expense of immense fatigue to regain what we have lost; and the consequences of this vacillating manner of operation are, a vast accumulation of sorrow, weakened resolutions, and waste of time. Not that we would have any become discouraged at any amount of halting, or even yielding, for a time, to adverse influences. For, as Father James once said, ' Howsoever low we may fall, it is never too late to cry to God.' Blessed sentiment of everlasting charity ! Worthy indeed of the Son of a God whose prime elements are sovereign Love and supreme Wisdom! We only sincerely wish to encourage all our youths to take the easiest, shortest, and most successful path to a state of perennial spiritual serenity and peace — eternal life. And let us all remember, that we have no continuing city, therefore let us seek, among the bright fields of Progress, a better and more enduring habitation; one where joy and happiness, and the peace that passeth our present understanding, may not be shaken to pieces by every misfortune, or adversity of life, as is the fate of all earthly pleasures. Let us not forget that beautiful Bible precept: ' Remember now thy Creator in the days of thy youth, before the evil days come, and the years draw nigh, when thou shalt say, I have no pleasure in them.' And that sweet inspiration, breathed by the rapt Seer of Babylon: ' They that be wise, shall shine as the brightness of the firmament; and they that turn many to righteousness, as the stars forever and ever.' Oliver Hampton, Union Village, 0.