VITALITY I have turned my attention to the consideration of the circumstances under which seeds will retain their vitality; and to ascertain the length of time in which they will remain dormant without losing their power of growth. I have read some very interesting cases of seeds which have been brought to the surface of the earth from 300 feet below, and yet germinated, and which, it seems, were buried some thousands of years. I quote from Professor Gray: ' It is well known, that seeds which have been kept for sixty years have germinated; and, it seems, that grains of wheat, taken from the ancient mummies, under circumstances which leave little doubt of their high antiquity, have been caused to germinate ; but in these cases, there are several sources of possible deception.' ' Dr. Lindley records the remarkable cases of some raspberries raised, in the garden of the Horticultural Society, from seeds taken from the stomach of a man, whose skeleton was found thirty feet below the surface of SHAKER A.ND 5O SHAKEKESS. 51 the earth, at the bottom of a barrow, which was opened near Dorchester. He had been buried with some coins of the Emperor Hadrian ; it is therefore probable that the seed was sixteen or seventeen hundred years old. Most seeds, when buried deep in the soil, where they are subject to a uniform and mod- erate temperature, and removed from the influence of the air and light, are in a favorable state for the preservation of vitality, and will germinate when brought to the surface, after a long interval.' If it should hereafter be demonstrated, that the vegetable and animal kingdoms were only organized to propagate a specified number of generations; still, we need have no immediate fear of our cultivated plants failing for a long time, if due care be taken to hold. a sufficient quantity of seeds in reserve for future use. It is, therefore, particularly recommended that a proper understanding of this subject be cultivated by Believers. So much for the propagation of plants. I will now introduce another subject. The generations of mankind pass through the same regular course of changes as do individuals ; and, therefore, as an individual is 'once a man, and twice a child,' the same condition of dotage is destined to befall mankind as a generation. For, in his generations, man has passed through the stages of childhood, youth, manhood, etc., and it would now seem that he is nearing the stage of old age. In early days and times, he had not the capacity of comprehension that he now has. So that, if an angel who was master of the arts and sciences, as now understood by the literati, had, at that period, come down to earth to teach them, he (the angel) would have found the capacities of the human race too weak and feeble for the study. But now look at the capacity of man ; see what great discoveries he has made, and what understanding he has acquired 1 Think of the tele- graph, the railroad, and the numerous other inventions extant; and thereby obtain an idea of his development. But old age must put a stop to his inventions ; and he, as a race, must depend on the acquirements and knowledge that have been gained during his manhood state. I will now bring this article to a close; but will, perhaps, resume it in a short time. J. B. Poole, Hancock, Mass.