WOMAN SUFFRAGE A SUCCESS WyomingTerritory was almost the pioneer in making the experiment of woman suffrage, and now comes testimony of the most important character, as to how the thing works in that Rocky mountain region, from an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court of that Territory, Hon. J. W. Kingman. He records his observation (says the Boston Journal), for the benefit, it is true, of the Pennsylvania Woman Suffrage Association, but his judicial character ought to save him from the suspicion of coloring his account out of compliment to his correspondents. ' It has been three years (he says) since the political rights of the women of Wyoming have been made equal with those of the men; and, although some do not yet approve of it as a principle, none will deny that it has exerted a purifying and beneficial effect in practice. For instance, everybody in the Territory used to carry arms, and altercations were frequent, while juries of men never convicted either party for shooting at each other, even in a crowded room, if no one was killed; or for killing any one, if the victim was armed. But (says Judge Kingman) with two or three women on the jury, they have never failed to follow the instructions of the Court. So, too, with regard to the enforcement of the laws against drunkenness, gambling, houses of illfame, and the like, neither grand nor petit juries could be relied on,' but a few women on either panel changed the face of things at once.' The Judge affirms that not a single verdict, civil or criminal, has been set aside, where women have composed a part of the jury ; and that they make more attentive and impartial jurors than men, on the average. Another thing, which may be of less importance, but is still worthy of being taken into account, is the influence women have had on deportment in the court room. ' The spectators come there better dressed, chew less tobacco, and spit less, sit more quietly in their seats, walk more carefully over the floor, talk and whisper less; and in all respects the court room assumes a more dignified and business-like air.' The same improvement is witnessed at the polls, the women voters being uniformly treated with respect, and the old scenes of noise and disorder having disappeared. Many women refuse to vote as their husbands do, but, says the innocent Judge : ' I have not heard of any domestic discord or trouble growing out of such a course.' — Ex.