THE SWEDISH EMIGRANT It may be news to many subscribers, that, in Kentucky, connected with the Pleasant Hill Society, there is a Shaker Family composed of emigrants from Sweden. Its Elder, John Barnett, has sent the following Poetic Lines, and says: ' The correspondence with Sweden shows that the fire is not smothered. Numbers speak of faith, and expect to come; others wish to come, but have not the means. ' I have sometimes thought that the Eastern world being (as termed by you) masculine, and the Western, feminine, the next cycle of progress of our Gospel will open in England. But to me it seems impossible for Believers to travel successfully, while so fettered by inexorable 'fashion' in aliments and beverages, which belong exclusively to the dominion and kingdom made ' desolate.' ' A blessed country, far away_ From tumult, war, and pain! 0 light the price that I must pay, Its righteousness to gain. 1 leave my native land, and kin, And life, so dear to me ; All pride, and selfishness, and sin, To there be pure and free. Its genial clime, and fruitful soil, Yield rich abundant food. There, honest sacrifice and toil Return a lasting good. The precious olive, wheat, and vine, To cultivate with care, The law of heaven shall make it mine, That I their wealth may share. The worldly-minded are not led Unto this blest abode; The false and covetous but dread Its strait and narrow road. The vulture's eye hath never seen, Nor ravenous beasts of prey, Nor trail of wily serpents, been Along this holy way. No fell disease, to interrupt The flow of life and zeal; No moth or rust can there corrupt, Nor thieves break through and steal. No famine's death hath there appear'd, But fruitful fields abound ; And Peace her temple bright has rear'd Upon this sacred ground. Her simple laws, like Noah's ark, Will save all from the flood, Who will in honesty embark To find eternal good. Lo, from the East and West they'll come, From North and South afar, All tongues and kindred find a home Where many mansions are. John Barnett, Pleasant Hill, Ky.