Beloved Eldress Antoinette : Your kind appeal to the ' Sisterhood,' in the January No. of the Shaker and Bhakeress, seems to be looking us steadily in the face this morning, and still demanding a reply. As we sit thinking of its claims upon us, and of our obligations to the cause which we hope to honor, we mentally pledge loyalty to both, and would give proof thereof by many simple tokens. We have been an interested reader of the Shaker ever since its advent, and heartily thank all contributors for the favors which they have conferred on so large a class of readers in this section, as we have been not only edified but instructed; so much so, that we sometimes think, after perusing the pithy articles penned for its columns, that the whole story of our peculiar belief has already been admirably told; that nothing new can be written on this subject. Again. When taking into consideration the boundlessness of the theme to which we have pledged our lives, it would seem that an army of writers of the Esdras type could not exhaust it. And, further, when contrasting the size of our little sheet with the voluminous publications of the scientific and religious world, it is, comparatively speaking, but a mote in magnitude to what it would be, were it possible to put into language the manifold excellencies which emanate from the virgin life which we aim to interpret. But, anon, we are reminded of the youthful hero of bible history, who accepted the challenge of Philistia's champion, and who also, refusing to wear Saul's armor (preferring rather to trust in God), successfully vanquished the mighty foe with one smooth stone from out the brook. Hence, may we not predict that similar results will follow the missiles of truth brought to view in the Shaker and Shakeress, if aimed at the champion of our modern Philistia, alias ' social evil 1' And if God is our support too, we certainly have no need to wear the brazen armour of popular theology to meet this foe, nor to convict the world that there is a God in Israel, through our present humble medium, even the Shaker and Shakeress. We find that, with all that has been written concerning our religious belief, many questions are still being proposed by strangers and friends not of our persuasion, with regard to the practical workings of our community system, its advantages, its benefits, and the like. This is not strange, though we know that the principles upon which it is founded are eternal, and that several societies embodying these have survived the ravages of time for nearly a century, and resisted alike the waves of opposition, and the insinuations of false doctrines, without any signs of decay; that they have stood while scores of man-made institutions have risen and declined. Still, the world wonders and prophesies failure, while questions similar to what we here insert often meet us. Some of these we do not remember to have seen very elaborately treated in our late publications ; we therefore solicit the aid of experienced writers of our Order for more satisfactory replies to the same, in future numbers of the paper, than we are able to give.