THE CHRISTIAN'S REST ' Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.' These words, uttered by the Divine Master centuries ago, are still new, and possess great power. He also said, ' Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart; and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.' What excellence and pathetic sympathy we find in that beautiful and loving invitation! From those few sentences might be written volumes, well filled with instruction that would enlighten the understanding of those who are seeking eternal life — the heavenly rest. Sometimes those teachings are spread out before us like a map, or chart; and again we view them as a broad field of labor; not for the mind only, but also for hands that are willing to work early and late in the Lord's vineyard. The voice of paternal tenderness and love that is heard through those words, ' Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest,' touches the tender chords of sympathy and soul affection in the heart of the weary pilgrim, and causes them to vibrate anew. We are not sent to roam in distant lands, as strangers, alone and uncared for, in search of the desired rest; but he stands with open arms ready to infold those who will hear his voice. His language is full of inspiration and soul-stirring eloquence ; and, to the earnest seeker after truth, it feels like the breath of heaven. It may be asked,' How is it that he calls upon us to work in his vineyard, and yet promises a rest ? We answer: It is rest from the turmoils of a worldly life — from its fashions and follies — its sorrows and vain pleasures; for, how true it is, that, in our earth life, roses and thorns grow together; and we tire of earth-born pleasures; and most assuredly does the soul who is seeking for heavenly joys, grow weary of a life in sin, and loathe its vain pleasures. And they who strive for earthly gain, and for those things which are selfpleasing, will continue to love the world, with its friendships and pleasures, and all its alluring charms. Instead of being crucified to the world, as was Jesus, they are alive to its baneful influences; and their sinful natures are constantly crying, ' Give us more and more;' for a sinful appetite cannot be satisfied. It is only to the sin-sick soul that those beautiful words,' Take my yoke upon you and learn of me,' &amp;c, are acceptable. Do we feel that putting on and wearing the yoke of Christ is a hard and grievous task ? if so, then are we unworthy of the sacred and hallowed rest that is promised. ' Learn of me,' said the Savior. How shall we learn, except we deny ourselves of all ungodliness and every worldly lust; take up the cross, and put off the old garments of self-love, pride, and ambition; and by confession and repentance, wash our robes and make them white, and walk with our Father and Mother in Christ whithersoever they lead? Then, even though it should be through the soultrying furnace of affliction that we may be called to go, we shall be preserved ; or if we pass through deep waters, we shall not be overwhelmed ; nor will death, the great king of terrors, have any power over us. Come then, dear Gospel-friends, let all who have heard the heavenly call, ' Come unto me/' and who have seen the light descend from the Eesurrection heavens, and have ' tasted of the good word of God, and of the powers of the world to come,' be living souls ! Let us enlarge the chambers of our hearts, and live not for self alone, but for the good that we may do to our brethren and sisters in our home circle, and throughout the Zion of God. Then shall our light shine abroad, and the Holy Spirit will clothe our souls with Divine love, that will refine all the senses, and perfect us in the ' image of the heavenly,' and will fill us with purified joy and peace. Then shall we sing the song of Redemption full and free. And the one prayer of Zion's children will be, ' Lord, thy kingdom come, thy will be done throughout the whole earth, as it is done in heaven !' — the glorious kingdom of Righteousness and Peace. Eldress Mary A. Gillespie, West Gloucester, Me.