LITERATURE Every spiritual — religious — Dispensation creates its own Literature. The first call of the Spirit, whenever a new Divine influx flows to humanity, is, to repent, i. e., forsake; for that is repentance. When the dispensation was external, like that of the Jewish, the forsaking was external. The Jews heard the voice of the Spirit: 'Israel shall dwell alone, and shall not be numbered — mixed — with the nations.' ' Get thee out from thy kindred and country, unto a land that I will shew thee of,' was the imperative command to Abram, the 'father of the faithful' to the Spirit's call. When his posterity had multiplied into a tribe, they went down into Egypt; and, when these had become twelve tribes, and had in- creased into a nation, the Spirit repeated the same command: 'Go up out of Egypt into the land I promised Abram that I would give to his descendants.' When they obeyed this call, it was by forsaking all that they had acquired in Egypt. And the whole nation emigrated from Egypt, the garden of the world, as literally as Abram emigrated from Mesopotamia, the garden of Asia. In thus moving from Egypt, in a body, it is evident that they left its literature as truly as their ancestors forsook the literature of the East; and, in both instances, the very highest art, the deepest science — the most profound literature of the then known world — was what the Spirit of Truth— God—required them to abjure, andto utterly destroy and leave behind them. It may also be observed, that, in both instances, the justifying reason — the causes — were similar; that is, the literature had been created by the Dispensation — was the product and expression of the real mental, physical, and spiritual condition of the people — was imperfect and wicked — idolatrous — the 'old heavens,' that must 'pass away.' Hence, to break the images, throw down the sacred altars on which their religious sacrifices had been offered, cut down the groves, kill the priests who officiated, and trample under foot the mementoes of the whole Order, were common occurrences under the law of progress. Abram did it; Moses did it; and Gideon did it. Indeed it was the universal practice of Avators. Consequently, the charge of ignorance, from learned worldlings, was invariably preferred against them — woe to Alexandrian libraries. Was not the charge well-founded? The Jews cut themselves off from the sources of knowledge known to the Egyptians, plunged into a wilderness where there were no schools, and where even agriculture could not be practised. The Spirit who led them supplied their every need of food and clothing. RESULT. The result was as unlooked-for as it was extraordinary and world-wide wonderful. For, behold, the traditional journal kept by those twelve tribes of wandering, vagabond slaves, who were self-emancipated, is, to-day, the foundation of the literature of Christendom. What a comment this is upon the wisdom of man, in competition with the ' wisdom that comes from above' — by revelation — the learning, arts, science, and literature of the passing-away cycle. Nor is this marvelous; it is not a solitary or isolated instance; but a law looms up in our spiritual horizon, that is as universal in its application as it is in its effects: each Dispensation of God to man, and each cycle in a Dispensation, create their own literature. In the cases of Moses, we have a man who was 'learned in all the learning of the Egyptians.' Not so the general rule. Of Jesus it was asked, with astonishment, ' Whence hath this man this wisdom, seeing that he knoweth not letters ? ' He was ignorant of the learning of the Dispensation and cycle to which he had belonged. ' Except a man forsakes all that he hath, he cannot be my disciple,' included the literature of the past and passing-away Dispensation. The twelve Apostles are known to history as ignorant fishermen. The early Christians were charged, by Celsus, with preferring the unlearned and low to the more cultivated and refined classes, as converts to, and members of, their system. ' Not many wise, not many noble, not many strong, are called.' Hath not God called the opposite to them ? the ignorant to confound the wise; the weak to oppose the strong; and the off-scouring of the earth to compete with the learning of the polished Greeks, and Roman philosophers, until it converted them ? What again was the result ? As before, these simple Christians, who, in passing through the Hermit Age, spent a generation in the deserts of Egypt, in caves or holes of the earth, without books or human society, as Israel spent a generation in the wilderness, separated from the civilized world; and, like them, left a posterity — monks and nuns, who founded and formed the Monastic Orders of Christendom. For, truly, more have been the children of those 'eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven's sake,' than of the married Israelites in the wilderness; albeit they confined physical commerce to the use that Nature designed. And those celibates have produced a literature that, to-day, is the literature of Christendom. And as, ' by reason of use,' the Law becomes more possible to the race, we now have, in twenty-five years time, a new literature, of mesmerism, phrenology, biology, psychology, electricity, rappings, table-tippings, dreams, visions, prophecies and revelations, created by the Spiritualists; not so distinct from the old as in the preceding instances already cited, for the simple reason that they have not been so much a new spiritual — religious— people, but rather a scientific people, an outgrowth from the order of Christ's first appearing-—-a John the Baptist epoch—-to bring the old and new, the First and Second Christian Churches, together. Query ? Will not this Second Christian, or Shaker, Church — this Gospel of Christ — create its own literature? I tell you Tea, and that right speedily!!!