SHAKERESS: WEALTH A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS Wealth, as denned by Webster, is 'large possessions of money, goods, or land.' 'All souls are mine, saith the Lord.' The earth, with its fullness, belong to Him. If God is just and without partiality, has not every human being an inherent right to as much land as he needs, from which to derive 'his daily sustenance? Have not all an equal right to God's sunshine, to the pure breezes which come from, the mountains, and to the cooling streamlets that meander through the vales and woodlands? Would it not be just as much the prerogative of the few to shut out the sun's rays, and to bottle up the winds, and dam up the streams of water (had they the power) as for them to monopolize the land ? Whence came the right for one man or woman to possess a ' large amount of land, goods, or money,' by which means they op- press and hold in vassalage other of God's creatures? If the answer is: 'We have wrought diligently with our hands — have toiled honestly and earnestly — while others have been indifferent and idle; and we have only received the just reward of our works ;' then is God's justice vindicated, and man's ways justified. ' It shall be well with the righteous ;' they who do right in temporal as really as in spiritual things ; and they will eat the fruit of their own toil; while the sluggard, who will not work, must suffer hunger, for 'the reward of his hands will be given him;' those who ' sow sparingly ' will reap accordingly. Wealth that comes through honest industry, is God's gift and blessing to man, and is his lawful inheritance ; but, if he so remembers his riches that he gathers them into his heart, and carries them in 'his best affections, until they are formed into idols, to be worshiped, then is God robbed and dishonored, and man becomes a degenerate being, by abusing prof- fered blessings, instead of using them as a means to uplift the erring; that the strong and more perfect might in that way be instrumental in aiding the weak and less perfect. The corporeal body being composed of the elements of the earth, must of necessity derive its sustenance therefrom, while in a physical state of existence. But, is it not a marvel (when intellect and conscience awake from lethargy) that sentient beings, who believe in an endless existence in a life beyond the present, and who know that time will soon carry them where earthly riches, honors, and pleasures will be beyond their reach, should turn all their energies of mind and body to grasp and hold those uncertain riches, which in one short hour may come to naught ? If the angel who rides the pale horse should delay his coming for a few short years, yet the earthquake, which opens its mouth and swallows up cities and hamlets, and buries thousands in one living tomb, may occur in an unexpected hour; or the mighty flood tide may sweep, as it has often done, over thickly inhabited portions of the land, destroying life and property; and fire, that fierce devouring element, may lay waste great and populous cities, like Chicago and Boston, in a brief period of time, then the people stood aghast, and ' cried with a loud voice: Alas ! alas 1' these great cities containing so much riches, are laid in ashes, and ruined ! Tongue would fail to utter, or pen to paint, the fears, the weeping and wailing of the people in that momentous hour, as they saw their costly edifices, one after another devoured by the merciless flames ; while men, women and children fled for their lives, without daring, as it were, even to cast one lingering look after the household gods — their ornaments of gold and silver, and precious stones — which they had left behind them. What lesson has been learned from such visitations ? Have we learned humility and dependence, and gained a knowledge that pride and haughtiness are precursors of the destructive elements? We may remember that the proverb is just as true to day as when it was first uttered; that ' He that hasteth to be rich hath an evil eye;' and, we add, an evil intention also. The love of power, and a desire to live in luxury and ease, cause men and women to be unjust, and to bind heavy burdens upon the poor, and to monopolize the elements of subsistence, until their riches is oftentimes their greatest source of vexation, anxiety, and fear. ' The abundance of the rich will not suffer him to rest, but the sleep of the (honest) laborer is sweet.' Many of the ancient philosophers so feared the snares of sin, through the deceitf ulness of earthly riches, that their strong love of virtue, and desire to consecrate themselves to a life of chastity, induced them to resort to extreme asceticism, and, in solitude, on some lone mountain, or in a desert-place, remote from the haunts of vice, from earthly friends, and every temporal comfort, they performed their vows far from mortal ken. As Gregory said of himself, ' he endured the rays of the sultry sun until his skin was parched, and dark as the skin of the Ethiopean, and his limbs were made rough by the friction of coarse hair-cloth.' When the power of the holy people was scattered, and there was no organized body of true Christians on the earth, the prophetic spirit rested with those faithful servants of God, who were clad in sackcloth and mourning ; for the true spirit of prophecy has never left the earth, but continued with suffering witnesses through the long night of spiritual darkness. They were God's stars. But, in the fullness of time, according to prophecy, the gathering of the latter-day saints commenced, and the kingdom began to be established, in which the ' will of God is done on earth as it is done in heaven.' We rejoice that the time has come when the power of salvation is given to those who desire it, and strength to commence the heavenly life. And that brethren and sisters can dwell together in unity, bearing aloft the banner of virgin purity, and can mingle together in a pure social relation, and in all the duties of life, and preserve their continence without resorting to deserts and mountains, or to monasteries. By the power of truth we are made free! We have engaged in the Christian warfare, and the God of battles is with us, and teaches us how to use those spiritual weapons which are powerful in destroying the strong holds of sin in the human heart. And those who are true in this strife, are not disposed to use carnal weapons to wound or kill their brother man. We have peace and plenty. We plant vineyards and eat the fruit of them, and receive the reward of unselfish toil. ' We ask for neither riches nor poverty.' If, by diligently putting our hands to work, and applying our hearts unto wisdom, we gain more than we need for our own support, we cheerfully dedicate it to the upbuilding of the Church of Christ on earth; while our greatest concern shall be to lay up treasures in the heavens — the future home of the souls of those who love and walk in the truth. The riches of Christ's kingdom are the riches which we covet.