'THE SHAKERS.' From ' The Church Bells,' an English Paper. The denomination commonly known by this nickname prefers to be called ' The United Society of Believers, or Millennial Church.' The nickname was given them in consequence of their violently agitating their bodies while engaged in religious exercises, under the impression that the body ought to take an active part in all true worship, and should express outwardly the inward emotions of the spirit; an impression undoubtedly true, and only mistakenly applied in the mode of its manifesta- tion. In the worship of God, the whole man, body, soul, and spirit, should be engaged; but true spiritual worship is ever subdued and solemnized by a feeling of reverence, and does not consist in wild excitement of feeling; and the attitude of the body should be such as to express outwardly and assist the inward reverence of the soul. The Shakers have got hold of a true principle, which is too commonly lost sight of by Protestant denominations, who, in their pseudo-spirituality, would have men worship ' God,' who ' is a Spirit,' as if men were also merely spirits, ignoring the body's share in worship. The injunction to worship God 'in spirit and in truth' certainly does not exclude the body from its proper share in worship, but simply implies that worship must be sincere, not hypocritical, and with the spirit lifted up to God, not merely mechanically performed, drawing nigh to Him with our lips, while our heart is far from Him. This is not a sect of yesterday. The Shakers trace their origin to the Camisards of the seventeenth century. These Camisards, or French Prophets, originated in a certain ' School of Prophets ' in Dauphiny, conducted by Du Serre, a Calvinist. These prophets, professing, like the Irvingites of our own day, to be inspired by the Holy Ghost, began to appear in Dauphiny and Vivarias, France, in 1688. The ' utterances ' were not confined to the male sex, but the prophets were both male and female; and from being on their first appearance numbered by hundreds, they soon amounted to thousands. When they received what seemed to them, and what, no doubt, they honestly believed to be, ' the spirit of prophecy,' their bodies were greatly agitated ; they quivered in every limb, staggered like drunken men, fell down, and lay as if they were dead. After a while they recovered, twitching, shaking, and crying for mercy. It is impossible to account for such manifestations ; they attracted then, as kindred manifestations and high pretentions do now, a number of persons of credulous disposition whose restless minds, dissatisfied with the existing condition of the Church of Christ are ever craving for a restoration of Pente costal privileges and gifts, and yearning for the realization of their ideal of a Christian Church visibly guided by the Holy Spirit, anc free from all human fallibility and imperfec tion. About seventeen years after their first ap pearance in France, three of their leading men left France and migrated to England. With such success did they ' prophesy,' that they soon inspired others with a like enthusiasm and before the end of the year (1705) there were two or three hundred of these 'prophets' n and about London, of both sexes and of all ages. The great subject of their prediction was the near approach of the kingdom of God, ;he restored spiritual powers and privileges of ;he Church, and the advent of the Millennium. About the year 1747, a society was formed, without any established creed or particular denned ritual, professing perfect resignment to be led and governed from time to time as the Spirit of God might dictate. Their leading members were James Wardley and his wife Jane, John Townley and his wife, both of Manchester, and John Kattis, a distinguished scholar. This Latter gentleman, however, seems to have had tiis eyes opened after a time to the extravagance of their pretentions, and retired from the society; as Mr. Baxter left the Irvingites of our time. Wardley and his wife Jane con- ducted their meetings. Jane, having the principal lead in meeting, was called 'Mother.' Some years after the formation of this society, a personage of no ordinary importance in the history of the United Believers connected herself with them, and became known as Mother Ann. Her full name was Ann Lee. She was born in 1736, and when arrived at a marriageable age she married one Abraham Stanley. She joined the society in 1758. In consequence of receiving a special revelation in 1770, Ann was received and acknowledged by all the faithful members of the society as their spiritual mother in Christ, and the true leader whom God had appointed for the society. A few years after receiving this extraordinary revelation, Mother Ann received a revelation that it was the will of God that she should go to America, where, as she prophesied, there would be a great increase and permanent establishment of the ' Church.' Accordingly, as many as firmly believed her testimony, and could settle their temporal concerns, and furnish necessaries for the voyage, agreed to follow her. They procured a passage at Liverpool, and arrived at New York in 1774. In 1776 they settled in the town of Watervliet, seven miles from Albany. Here they remained in retirement till the spring of 1780. In the beginning of this year the society consisted in all (in America) of but about ten or twelve persons, all of whom came from England. There was a gradual increase of numbers until the year 1787, when ' those who had received faith' began to collect at New Lebanon. This still remains as the ' Mother Church.' In a regular meeting, where nothing extraordinary appears, they exercise in a regular dance while formed in straight lines, and sometimes in a regular march around the room, in harmony with regular songs sung on the occasion.' Yet, ' shouting and clapping of hands, and many other operations, are fre- quently given, all of which have a tendency to keep the assembly alive, with their hearts and all their senses and feelings devoted to the service of God.' They defend these practices by quoting Holy Scripture. Is there any form of Protestant ¦ error which does not appeal to the Scriptures, or, rather, to some isolated texts, in support of their delusions ? The texts which they allege are Exod. xv., 20; Jer. xxxi., 4, 7,13; 2 Sam. vi., 14; St. Luke, xv., 25. For all their extravagances, the moral life of the Shakers must be most exemplary, if it is at all in accordance with the following oode of ' Faith and Principles of the Society at New Lebanon:' 1. Abstinence from all carnal and sensual passions, and a strict life of virgin purity, agreeable to the example of the Lord Jesus and the recommendation and example of the Apostle Paul. 2. Abstinence from all the party contentions and politics of the world. ' My kingdom is not of this world,' said Jesus. 3. Abstinence from wars and bloodshed. ' Follow peace with all men,' is a Divine precept ; and hence also the necessity of abstaining from all acts of violence toward our fellow-men, and from all the pursuits of pride and worldly ambition. 4. Perfect justice and honesty in all our dealings with our fellow-creatures. 5. A faithful discharge of all just debts, and all legal and equitable claims of every SHAKEREBS. 59 6O SHAKER J±NT&gt; nature, as soon and effectually as possible; thus fulfilling the Apostle's precept, ' Owe no man any thing but love and good-will.' 6. Do good to all men, as far as opportunity and ability may serve, by administering acts of charity and kindness, and promoting light and truth among mankind. ' Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them.' 7. Agreeably to the example of the first Christian Church, let the object of our labors be directed to support and maintain a united and consecrated interest, as far and as soon as preparatory circumstances will admit. But this is to be done by the free will and voluntary choice of every member, as a sacred privilege, and not by any constraint or undue persuasion. Of course, all that is true and excellent in this code is to be found in the summary of our duty to our neighbor in the Catechism of the Church of England. The Shakers seem to lay almost exclusive stress upon that part of man's duty which respects his neighbor; but they have no creeds or sacraments. They are far more numerous in America than in this country, and are deserving of notice on account of their origin and remarkable per- formance at their meetings for ' Divine worship.' Pretty fair for an organ of the Established Church of England, the eldest daughter of the Great Mother of Sects — the Catholic Church. There is no Shaker organization outside the United States. And, should the rising God-in-the-Constitution party succeed in their wicked designs, the first demonstration of their power will be to strangle religious liberty. And religious persons, being persecuted in one nation, will flee to another, as heretofore has been their wont. The Shakers would go back to the mother country, where they originated. For, about that time, England will have completed her ' disestablishment,' having then effectually separated Church and State; and her past history will eternally bar a reunion. Thereafter, while- grass grows, and water runs to see it, the civil and theological institutions of the British Isles will be after the pattern of the present free, liberal, and independent Government of the United States of North America.—Ed.