Can children, adopted by your communities... 1st. Can children, adopted by your communities, and subjected to your peculiar modes of discipline, ever become symmetrically developed in an intellectual point of view? In brief, Did this system ever produce a well balanced mind? 2d. Is the quiet routine of duties daily imposed, calculated to develop energy of character, or give breadth and soundness to judgment? 3d. Are individuals thus reared, self-reliant and able to cope with difficulties of a complicated nature? 4th. Is it possible that minds thus apparently fettered by surroundings, and controlled by one system of influences, ever rejoice in that expansion of ideas, and that independence of thought which constitutes them free agents ? These are a few of the many queries which seem to puzzle the multitudes who stand as spectators, apparently waiting to see how successfully the singular problem of a virgin life is to be solved by human beings. We do not propose to answer these questions analytically, but will give a general opinion. Would say, with regard to question first, that most children adopted by us, in these days, belong to that class of individuals whom Christ came to save; hence wholesome discipline and quiet occupation, are the grand counter-influences to which we must resort, to check the growth of inherent propensities which are so glaringly apparent. If they yield to these means, we have some hope of balancing the future mind, morally, at least. Our strife is, however, to create a taste for such healthful, intellectual and moral pursuits, as will raise them above their former gross appetites. We find that Satan has already taken them ' up into an exceeding high mountain,' and they have discovered the glories of the whole earth; and, shall we say it ? only the wisdom of a God is equal to the task of reforming and elevating them from their low estates. We further claim, that the principles of the Christ-life, when fully accepted, will not only elevate men and women, but will, in a certain sense, reconstruct the minds of those who are wedded to the cause of spiritual progress. In other words, ' They who put Christ fully on,' become gradually and radically changed in many respects, for ' God helps those who help themselves.' Still further, with regard to the moral growth of children adopted by our communities, we think that they have many advantages over their companions abroad, if the 'one system of influences ' mentioned, is pure ; for, remarks an able writer, in one of our Educational Journals: '' The soul addressed constantly by the highest possible influences, will have pure and lofty purposes, will aim at highest ends.' Again: ' It is safe to say, that the moral character of the mature man will depend more upon the education which the conscience shall have received in early days, than upon any other agency.' But what of intellectual growth ? Simply this : that the young Shaker and Shakeress are not only permitted, but urged to educate themselves in those branches of science which will aid them in becoming useful members of society. Nor are they (as stated in ' Science of Life,' February No.) obliged to suspend mental growth as a result of marriage, as is the fact of young women abroad. With us we can see no reason why the mind should not continue to expand and increase its powers, as long as it exists in the form ; and who can limit its capabilities when freed from an earthly tabernacle ? That there have been well-ordered minds, and noble specimens of men and women developed within the confines of a Shaker home, we truthfully aver. And why not ? since destroying the animal proclivities does not fetter the more exalted attributes of the soul. History informs us, that John Bunyan, one of the most celebrated of English writers, was imprisoned for twelve years ; and while thus incarcerated wrote his popular ' Pilgrim's Progress.' Did this exalted mental effort prove that being secluded from the world for a time, the mind ceased to act or to expand ? It is clear to us, that ' the mind grows from what it feeds upon ;' and that that mind, absorbed in the desire to do the will of God, becomes God-like in its capabilities, loves, and interests. The facts are, that those who feel themselves called to this work of self-denial, recognize God in the whole plan ; and, while professing to leave the worldly order, the plane upon which perfect natural men and women are developed, choose rather to be perfected in the angel life, aspiring most to develop the angel character, which is to exist when earthly attainments have passed away. Asenath C. Stickney, Canterbury, N. H.