TOBACCO As nigh as I can remember, in the year 1825, there was a religious movement, or reforma- tion, on the Darby Plains, in Ohio. It did not originate with any of the sectarians, but was, in some measure, led by a man who seemed much inspired to do good, and denounce Ortho- doxy, being quite independent of the sectarian clergy. The subjects of this work met together, sang and prayed, exhorted, told their experiences, and, what was a peculiar feature, confessed their private sins in public. Among others, there was a quiet little man of the name of Joseph Atsett who was drawn into the whirlpool of the revival. The writer was among them as a missionary at the time. In a lively prayer meeting Joseph came forward to tell his experience. He informed the meeting that he went among the hazel bushes for the purpose of secret prayer, and when he kneeled down the Spirit said to him ' Open your mouth and I will fill it.' ' And,' said he, ' I gaped open my mouth like a young robin, and the Spirit said ' What is that in your mouth ?' ' Said he ' I had a great cud of tobacco in my mouth ! And I made haste to spit it out, and again opened my mouth. But the spirit said, ' What is that in your pocket ? ' And I had almost a whole plug in my pocket. I took it out and throwed it as far as I could send it among the hazel bushes. Then both my mouth and my soul was filled with the Spirit, and I experienced a joy and peace I had never felt before. I have never touched tobacco since, and I never will use it again.' Twenty-five years after that, the writer lived in the Society at Watervliet, O.,five miles from the city of Dayton. And in those days a revival, or religious awakening, took place in that city. It began with the lower class, both in point of wealth and morals, and operated more especially among the inebriate class. The sectarian clergy, Methodists, Baptists, Presbyterians, etc., pitched in ; and each tried to gather the dear lambs into his own fold. These lambs were found to be uncommonly refractory and independent. The writer had the following account from the mouth of one of those converts from the ranks of the inebriate class. ' I was,' said he,' a hard drinker, and had degraded myself nearly to lying in the gutter. This spirit of reformation got hold of me, and I could not shake it off. I finally closed in with it, and resolved never to use any thing that would intoxicate. But I could not stop at that. I was led by the same Spirit to Bee the pernicious effect of using tobacco, and was required to quit its use; and I did so. I felt the more like a man for it, and seemed to myself somewhat cleaned up. When this movement began to die away a little, the clergy of the several sects began fishing, each with his own net, trying to get the most. The Presbyterian called on me, and invited me to join his church. I told him I would attend his meeting the next Sabbath, after which I would be prepared to give him an answer. Sabbath came, and I attended the service ; a day or two afterward, the clergyman called to know how I liked the meeting, and how I had made up my mind. I said to him : Sir, I attended your worship and discovered that many of your congregation chew tobacco, and cannot afford to refrain even during the hour of worship. They squirt out the filthy juice, and the floor was so unclean that I could not find a place to kneel before God. And, sir, you use the poisonous weed yourself, and you have got a cud in your mouth now! Spit it out and quit its use, and get your congregation to quit it. I will never join a church which indulges in a practice that the Spirit of God requires me to abstain from. The same spirit that required me to abstain from whisky, urged me to quit tobacco ; and if I should join a church that used it, I should be in constant danger of being dragged down to the same level, which, by the grace of God, I never will be.' This man informed me that the clergyman never called upon him again. In conclusion, I will observe : At the time I received this narrative, I lived at Watervliet, O., and there was not then a single member of that society that used tobacco in any of ita forms, which was to me a great consolation. R. W. Pelham, Union Village, O.