CORRESPONDENCE Portland, Me., May 21,1873 Elder John B. Vance. Friend and Brother : Through the brotherly love of some one, whom I suppose to be yourself, I have, for several months, received the ' Shaker and 8hakeress.' It is a welcome visitor, in several respects. The articles by the Brethren and Sisters are beautifully expressed, and abound in good common sense and true sentiments. It has helped me to appreciate and better understand the basis of your organic system of community. Your doctrine of celibacy in a regenerate plane, I consider favorable to spiritual growth. But this is a great subject. I only intended to say, I thank you for sending me the little pure-minded monthly, and herewith forward 50 cts. to pay for it. I am not afraid to allow my sons and daughters to read it. It is good. Truly your friend, L. F. Pingree New York, June 13,1873 Friend F. W. Evans : I have received (per mail) your monthly for June. I see no falling off in its articles. It is a New Testament of Gospel Christianity to Christism, and bears the same relation to modern Christianity that the four Gospels bore to Judaism nearly two thousand years ago. The ' Shaker and Shakeress' bears a civil and religious testimony to the truth as taught by Jesus of Nazareth, who, while upon earth, was the Exemplar of Shakerism, which is a resurrection of his life and teachings. 'What has been the civil and religious history of Christendom, for all its centuries, but war, bloodshed, cruelty, and all conceivable kinds of criminality and barbarism? Hell has ex- isted more in Christendom than in all the world besides. Is there not more antagonism between the jarring sects of Christianity than can be found outside of its blood-stained precincts ? ' By their fruits ye shall know them.' Exhortations for peace and good-will among men, in Europe, are vain, whilst wars and slaughter, robbery and devastation, are the works of its people. Your ' Shaker and Sliakeress' for June is very good, indeed. The articles, 'Mother's Bay' ' Follow Me,' ' Convention' are excellent, and ' Our Shaker Some' cannot be surpassed. The other articles make an interesting variety. Eldress Antoinette is not idle as an editress. Indeed, the ' Shakeress' for June is rich and entertaining. I see, also, that the daughter of my friend Devyr is a poetess, and contributes some choice pieces of poetry. In short, the monthly is to the Shaker world what the New Testament is to outside Christianity. It is the modern Scriptures — a Godspell to the religious world; and its editor and editress are Christian Apostles. P. S. — Love to my daughter. Her father often thinks of her, and is thankful to Divine Providence that she is among godly people, and living in quietude. # # #