The prayer taught by Jesus... The Prayer taught by Jesus, inculcates all the duties pertaining to the Christian life. He taught us to say, ' Our Father, who art in heaven.' This implies a Divine Parentage ; for, if we have ' a Father in heaven,' we must also have a Mother there, through whose pure Spirit we become purified, and made fit subjects for that blissful state that enables us dependent children to say — our Father and Mother ; and their sacred name can be honored by those only who have ' washed their robes, and made them white.' In this simple, child-like spirit, we say, ' Give us this day our daily bread; not the stale bread of our forefathers,' who ate their manna, and are dead,' nor the spiritual food that was distributed to the primitive Christians ; for they also have passed away; nor even that of yesterday; but the new and living bread of to-day; those glorious truths which, day by day, unfold to our understandings, the will of our ' Father and Mother in heaven,' and fill our souls with that beautiful spirit of ' forgiveness' that we can in confidence ask to be ' forgiven.' Then we shall not be left in the hour of ' temptation ;' but our souls will be ' delivered from evil;' and, in this purified state, we can humbly and devoutly ascribe all the glory, honor, and power to our Father and Mother — God. ' The fervent and effectual prayer of the righteous,' is not the bending of the knee to a set form of words; it is not the empty pharisaic prattle, to be ' heard of men;' but the Christian's prayer is the Christian life. Simple desires are good; but they avail us nothing, unless we work with them. Then let us live under the heavenly influence of Divine love, that we may devote our whole life to the beautiful work of prayer — that of ministering the healing balm of comfort to the afflicted, and pouring the ' oil of gladness' into the wounded heart; thus lifting huma- nity from the dismal pit of a sinful life, into the glorious sunshine of our Parents' love. Marcia M. Bullard, Canaan, N. Y.