To the Shaker and Shakeress : My feelings are warmly enlisted in the cause you are bringing before mankind. I am em- boldened to write of my feelings of sympathy with you from the consideration that the union of every earnest soul, however humble, will at least not retard the cause. As my soul emerges from the petrifying influence of sin, and begins to appreciate the glorious liberty of the Gospel, so does your divine mission become dear to me. The literature of the world, which formerly delighted me, has now lost its savor, and such pages as yours can alone supply the food my soul craves. You are primarily endeavoring to make plain to humanity the distinction between flesh and spirit. You are pointing out the discordant results that spring from the former, the peace and good will of the latter. You are doing this in an effectual, but by no means bigoted, way. Your words carry the weight of experience more or less extensive. As Jesus told his great truths in serious and loving language, to the truthseekers of his time, so do you to those of yours. Intertwined, as outward signs to the principle of a problem, as the body to the soul, are spiritual and physiological truth. I gratefully unite with your testimony in this respect. I have derived, during the past few years, physical and spiritual benefit, by adopting a vegetable diet, and from the discontinuance of the use of tea and coffee. Surely there is a significance in the fact that the food of the prophets of God has always been simple. As to tobacco, I cannot conceive how rational beings can consume such nauseous poison. I can but conclude that its use was instigated by the wily powers of evil as a torment to their unconscious devotees. Many who use it understand its injurious effect. I have eagerly looked at agricultural pieces, for comments on the cultivation of tobacco by Believers. The Jewish law required frequent bathings of the whole body. Mother Ann said that, unless the body were kept clean, the gifts of God would not flow. Other points of your testimony on the relation of physical health to spiritual life, such as punctual manual labor, I fully unite with. Desiring to be a humble follower in every progressive movement, which originates in the true gift, it is my aim to live out each successive development of truth. Thomas J. Stroud, Enfield, Conn.