HOME ' 'Mid pleasures and palaces, wherever I roam, Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home!' These lines were written by one who, a stranger and alone, was wandering through the streets of a gay and populous city, and, feeling homeless and sad, composed a poem that touched a chord so deeply implanted in the human heart, that it has been copied and sung in every civilized country throughout the world. The love of home is coeval with the race; from the monarch to the peasant, from the sage to the savage, all are (more or less) imbued with this instinct, according to their degree of development. It is also seen in the animal creation: ' The ox knoweth his owner, and the ass his master's crib, were the words of an inspired Prophet long ago; none so stupid, that they do not know the source whence their needs are supplied. Our Savior recognized this principle, when He said: ' The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head;' and, perhaps, this may have been one of the causes that combined to make him a ' man of sorrows and acquainted with grief.' Being called to separate himself from friends and kindred, he was not even permitted to have a home, where he might, when weary and op- pressed in spirit, seek an interval of rest, and find a momentary relaxation from the great work to which he was consecrated. And what is home f Does it consist merely in the supply of the natural and physical wants of our being, without any reference to the moral culture, the spiritual growth, and that sympathy of feeling which bind heart to heart ? Where these are wanting, there may be opulence, grandeur, and an outward semblance of happiness ; but it is not home, and cannot fill the yearnings of an immortal spirit. A Shaker home is quite a different thing. Many admire the neatness, order, and air of repose that mark our outward surroundings ; but they do not discover the hidden springs that produce this outgrowth, and make it, of all others, the most attractive. For, while they pity our self-imposed seclusion from worldly society, with all its selfishness, pride, and love of distinction, together with what they call our religious fanaticism, they might indeed envy the peace, love, and harmony, that pervade our humble home, and form a paradise on earth. Here self-love is not the ruling influence; but each one labors physically and spiritually for the good of all; and the perverted passions of human nature do not bear the sway over the intellectual and spiritual faculties of the soul; but are brought into subj ection to a higher law, which controls the body, even the law of Christ. This makes the ' golden rule ' a possibility; and it becomes comparatively easy to prefer one another in love, rather than to indulge in the opposite spirit, that would lead the strong to usurp authority over the weak, and to allow the love of greed to be the only incentive to action. As the principles that constitute this blessed home are eternal, we believe that it is emphatically the home of the soul, where all its higher aspirations must center ; therefore we will cleave to it; for we know that purity, genuine friendship, and hallowed love, possess the hearts, and form the characters, of the inmates of this our Zion home. Rhoda R. Hollister, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.