REVELATION v. EXPERIENCE Kevelation is the unfoldment of truth from the infinite to the finite mind — a means by which the ignorance of the finite is supplemented by the knowledge of the infinite. The experience of human beings upon earth should agree with and confirm the revelation of God through the heavens. The scope of revelation is comprehensive — vast — connecting time and eternity. Individual experience is limited — incomplete ; but the experience of the race collectively is full of confirmations of divine revelation. A pure crystal stream gushes forth high up some mountain side, free from adulterous mixtures, as it flows over the clear rock-bed, until it reaches the rich alluvial soil of the lower lands, when it becomes surcharged with particles of earthy matter, and enters the sea as a dark and turbid river; the limpid fountain, changed to the conglomerate waters that go to make the sea, shows the nature of the passage through intervening channels between the fountain and the ocean. Is it not thus with the spiritual fountain — Revelation — as compared with the records termed Bibles? Sacred and profane history interblended; the inspiration of the Prophets, and the divine mission of the priesthood, interwoven with the history of kings and despots, and the chronicles of the bloody wars attending the rise and fall of nations, that darken and almost obliterate the beautiful primal 58 SHAKER AND truths sought to be conveyed to humanity by means of divine revelation. Yet, notwithstanding the blindness of the mental, and the confusion of the physical condition and surroundings of the earthly re- cipients of revelation, its pure abstract truths will stand through all coming time as being applicable to the final improvement of humanity ; and future human experience will demon- strate that they underlie the basic foundations of the civil and religious governments of a perfected God-governed race. If the vail, or rites and ceremonies connected with the Mosaic Dispensation, be drawn aside, we shall discover principles involved in that system — an aggregation of truths — adapted to the amelioration of present social conditions, and to the removal of society ills, not elsewhere to be found. Although revealed thousands of years ago, they are the germs of all the reformatory agitations and projected modern improve- ments in physiology, the equalization of property (by co-operation and communism), land reforms — republicanism in general; the equal rights of the sexes, of labor; the distribution of accumulated wealth, by bankrupt and homestead laws, and freedom of the public lands. These all had their actualized antetypes in those long-ago revelations and human experiences which constitute the backbone of Bible history. Men search the foundations of the earth for the testimonies of the rocks. They analyze all known substances in their pursuit of physical truth. The starry heavens are pierced for hidden knowledge. The works of Nature declare the truths of Nature's God, as do not the perverted passions and distorted affections of purblind humans. So it is with true revelation in spiritual things. The founders of our infidel civil government turned back to the Mosaic epoch for the model of human rights which they introduced in the Declaration of Independence. Each advancing revolution in society centers around some one or more of these revealed principles of the past. As well attempt to erect a building without foundations, as to build up society, in natural or spiritual things, upon any other basis than the truths of the past. Thomas Smith, Canaan, N. Y.