OUR PARENTAGE Lord, kindle thy burnings, and quench not the flame That consumes the nature of sin; Light up the dark places with Truth's piercing beams, 'Till all becomes glorious within. Thy heritage, Father, we'll ever adorn With emblems of beauty and peace; O chasten and cleanse us, till we become pure, And grow with eternal increase. And then to thy honor we temples can build, Wherein thy pure Spirit can reign — A clean habitation with holiness flll'd — All enmity there being slain. And sweet songs of praise through these temples shall ring, As we in thy knowledge expand. And learn that thy gifts are all righteous and good, Dealt out with a bounteous hand. We'll worship Thee, Father, on Zion's high hills, Where beameth the Sun's golden rays ; Our Heavenly Mother, so gentle and dear, Down in her low valleys we'll praise. 'Tis there her sweet voice, from the angelic spheres, In love's soften'd tones we can hear; Like music it floats on each heaven-born breeze, And bringeth the sound of good cheer. The female Messiah in glory hath come, And now we have Saviors indeed, A Parentage perfect to guide us along, A blessed and heavenly Lead. We'll follow in meekness, through Time's shady vale, To regions of beauty and light, There, praising these Saviors through Heaven's high spheres, Shall be our eternal delight. Through their holy unction, our souls have been raised From Nature's dark, unhallow'd plane ; We'll worship these powers, and bow at no shrine But that of the heavenly twain. Our Father and Mother are Wisdom and Love, They're seated on Heaven's 'white throne;' And down on the earth, so benighted and drear, Their wisdom and glory have shone. They've lighten'd and cheer'd it with radiant smiles Of kindness, affection, and love ; And open'd the way of salvation and peace, Which leadeth to glories above. Blest land! fraught with bliss and with blessings divine, We're hast'ning to thy pure abode, And, as we advance, we will loudly proclaim, Our Father and Mother are GOD! ! Jane Emily Smith, Mt. Lebanon