PRAYER The readers of the ' Shaker and Shakeress,' who believe that the Bible is the Word of God, and that the Apostles of Jesus Christ were under the immediate inspiration of the Holy Spirit in all they said and wrote, from the time he called them to leave their fishing nets on the banks of the sea of Galilee, and follow him, will pardon us for dwelling upon the subject of Prayer, when they remember that one of the best injunctions the Apostles ever gave was, to 'Pray without ceasing.'—Ed. Prayer is sometimes called the ' sheetanchor of the soul, when tossed upon the tempestuous sea of life ;' and ' Prayer is the soul's sincere desire, unuttered or expressed.' Formal, wordy prayers, that do not proceed from the heart, are only 'lip service.' But how much to be desired is a dependent, childlike spirit, which will lead souls, in times of need, to apply for help, and draw life from the Fountain that is never dry. Mortals are so short-sighted, that they frequently ask for those things they want (or desire), instead of seeking to have their real needs supplied ; and, in that condition of mind, may sometimes think they receive a ' stone for bread,' or, ' for an egg, a scorpion,' and be led to exclaim (as did Jacob of old), ' All these things are against me.' But, if such will patiently wait on God, they will eventually see his wisdom in withholding as well as in giving. When (as Believers in Christ's second appearing) we pray for the spread of the Gospel testimony, and that souls may be gathered to our Zion, would it not be well for us to consider, and. ask ourselves, How much individual sacrifice are we willing to make for the good of others ? and, Are we willing to share with them our temporal and spiritual substance ? We know how hard, or difficult, it is for those who have spent their time and energies of body and mind in acquiring wealth, to consecrate it to the good of others, and unselfishly share it with them. And, indeed, those who have no possessions in houses, or land, or riches of any kind, find it exceedingly crossing to their selfish natures, to sacrifice, or give up, or ' forsake ' their fathers and mothers, their brothers and sisters, and the pleasures of a carnal life; yet all this must be done before they can realize the truth of the promise of a ' hundred-fold more in this life, and in the world to come life everlasting.' Our faith and confidence is in God, who hears and answers prayer. Our faith may be tried; but we will continue to watch and wait, to pray, and not faint; for his work will go on, and no power on earth can stay his hand. A few years ago, thousands of souls, who saw and felt the great evil of slavery in the United States, devoutly prayed that the slave power might be broken, and the oppressed made free. The number who prayed and worked in the cause of freedom were few in comparison with those who upheld the slave power; yet they knew they were on the side of justice and right, and were firm in their faith that the right would prevail. The truth in respect to slavery worked (for a time) like leaven in the community, until the people were sufficiently imbued with a sense of justice to rise and strike the blow that severed the captives' chains. R. Webster, Union V., O.