THE WORD OF GOD AND THE BIBLE A vekt common, if not the almost universal understanding of professed Christians, is that the Bible and Word of God are not only synonymous terms, but synonymous facts. But the revelations of God's truth, whether made cycles of ages past, or in the days of Jesus Christ on earth, or in the present time, do not thus declare it. The ' Word of God' is a power that has stirred the pulse, warmed the heart, exalted the humble, humbled the exalted, inspired the faithful, bound up the broken-hearted, comforted the afflicted, invigorated the feeble in spirit, and ' given to the righteous beauty for ashes, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness.' The great Hindoo reformer, Babboo Keshub Chunder Sen, who visited England in the year 1871, to determine whether it would be advisable to introduce Christianity among the Hindoos, as he was about to return home, made this significant remark: ' There is a striving everywhere to find God externally, in forms, ceremonies, dogmas; that the mind wants spiritual food is very little thought of.' So there is a striving to find the ' Word of God ' in books ; and the Spirit — God — in incarnations; apparently not awakened to realize that the ' Word of God ' is revealing a God-character infinitely superior to the Jehovah of the Jews; a living Spirit Christ, illimitably transcending the crucified and worshiped human form of Jesus; and an ever-evolving testimony of living truth; making more of the ' Word of God' than is contained in all the Bibles of the nations combined. The ' Word of God,' as defined by the English Bible, is a testimony, ' sharp, powerful, piercing, to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, the joints and the marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.' But who ever conceived the Bible to possess this power ? The ' Word of God ' is light, life, and the power of salvation. It is a revelation of God's will and purpose concerning the evolving destiny of man. It is a baptism of divine power in such manner and measure as to magnetize and vivify the whole man — body, soul and spirit — with an intense interest in, ]ove for, and devotion to, the salvation, development, and glorification of the human race. It is a ministration of love so endearing and soul-thrilling as to cause its recipient to sacri- fice life for the salvation of the object of the soul's affections and beatitude. But all the Bibles in the universe never produced — never can produce — these effects. The Bible of the so-called Christians, as well as the bibles — sacred books — of all nations and religious beliefs, when spoken of in their best estate, are nothing more than records; and more or less sacred, as they more or less record God's Word unadulterated by the policy, ambition, cupidity, or wickedness of man. Though this statement may grate harshly on the sensibilities of those Bible adorers who consider that ' every word embraced between the lids of the Bible is the ' Word of God,'' an inspired utterance, and necessary for the salvation and redemption of man, yet darkened humanity needs the utterance of truth. It is not our purpose, however, to rob the Bible of its meed and coronal among books ; nor to detract from it that sacred regard which it justly claims in the estimation of those who have, through the perusal of its records of the ' Word of God,' been ushered into the gush- ing baptisms of its power; far from it; our purpose is precisely the reverse of this. We would woo souls to the perusal of its sacred pages, in search of the utterances of truth, the power of which might become the ' Word of God ' for their salvation. The ' Word of God' is being spoken by spirits who are under the baptisms of the fire of truth, and whose utterances are coals from off its burning altars. Under these baptismal inspirations, minds are being enlightened to see the Bible in its real character as a book, stripped of the delusions of a false theology, which has been spreading saintly robes over the records of base, sinful deeds, for centuries, and calling those records the ' Word of God.' The character of the Bible, spoken of as a whole, is as multiform as is that of the authors who wrought in its production; and, to speak of it wisely, one needs continually to heed the admonitory proverb, ' Speak of me as I am; nothing extenuate, nor set down aught in malice.' Nothing is gained to the glorious cause of salvation and redemption of the human race, to which the Bible is religiously consecrated, in the vain effort to harmonize the multitudinous contradictory texts thereof; or in the attempt to reconcile its allegorical Genesis with the more substantial and undeniable geological records, penned by the finger of God in the everlasting rocks innumerable ages before the writers of Genesis had a being. Our race is not benefited by the miserable effort of theological (not ritual) Christianity to canonize as sacred history those secular records of the Bible which possess no more claims to inspiration than do the writings of Flavius Josephus, and which, with reference to modesty and purity, when judged by biblical injunction, as a ' tree known by its fruits,' need expurgation. It does not contribute to the cause of truth, to stamp as ' sacred' and the ' Word of God,' those biographical biblical records which portray the life-characters of men and deeds so base that all the vails of theological Christian charity could never cover sufficiently to withhold the blush of shame from the cheek of modesty while perusing them ; and the effects of such records, though compiled with sacred Bible, has, no doubt, immensely contributed to the production of immorality, vice and crime, inasmuch as the actors in this drama of shame have been held as sacred exemplars for pattern; but, without doubt, it would have been better for humanity had the biblical records of such characters been consigned to oblivion by the flames, rather than canonized as ' The Word of God.' It has been very truly said, ' There is not only no statement in the Scriptures that the whole Bible is the ' Word of God,' but there is no one of the writers thereof who claims that his particular book, or books, is or are such ; ' and we would show that not one, even of its most precious and ever-to-be-hallowed records of inspired truth, is the ' Word of God' but is simply the record of that' Word.' Paul, indeed, declared, ' All Scripture * is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction,' etc. But, if we are to try Paul by his doctrines, this remark, and this ' all' must be understood in a very limited sense — in much the same sense as where it is said, ' all the region round about Jordan went to be baptized of John, in Jordan; ' for Paul says : ' Sin, taking occasion by the commandment, wrought in me all manner of concupiscence.' This certainly was not very 'profitable.' Again : ' For what the law could not do, in that it was weak, through the flesh, God, sending his own Son, condemned sin in the flesh.' But, when Paul thus spake of the Scriptures, the New Testament was not written ; and it was not possible for him to refer to the hundreds of translations of the Old as well as the New Testament which have since been made; in the English translation of which, the American Bible Society's Committee of Examination and Comparison with the original manuscripts found ' twentyfour thousand errors!' and of which the British and Foreign Bible Society, after having * This should be rendered, All Scripture that is given by inspiration of God. And Adam Clarke says: ' This sentence is not well translated. The original should be rendered, Every writing that is given by inspiration of God.' Ed. circulated millions of copies thereof, has declared that' a faithful examination of it, gives rise to serious doubts whether it can be called the Word of God.' * And, taking Paul's testimony for the plenary inspiration of the Scriptures, and trying his testimony by himself, we have no reason for supposing that he referred to every word of those thousand translations of the Scriptures into all languages, whether concerning secular, historical, or religious matters ; or that he considered them all plenarily inspired, and equally Divine truth, whether those words set forth the contradictory statement, that King David was a ' man after God's own heart' at the time he was reveling in the contemplation of the murder of Uriah, and when he was committing adultery with Bathsheba; or whether they were recording the Divine behests of the Law of Moses, or (which had not then been recorded) Christ's Sermon on the Mount; thus claiming a full and continuous baptism of Divine light, illuminating every scholar in every language who ever assisted in the translation of the Scriptures, whether they were contending with each other about Greek, Hebrew, and Latin verbs, or combining to introduce an interpolation of a paragraph (as all prominent scholars admit the seventh verse of chap. v. of John's First Epistle to be, and which cannot be found in more than three of the three hundred ancient manuscripts, and only one of these deemed at all reliable, besides numerous others), or even interpolations of whole chapters which can as easily be proved. As much as Paul had to learn and unlearn in the school of Christ, he is not justly chargeable when inspirationally understood, with being the head of that band of theological religionists who would throw together, into one common sink, secular and sacred history — the records of the criminal prostitutions of some of the ancients, with those of ancient Prophets and holy men, and their Divine revelations — calling them all the infallible ' Word of God.' The effect of biblical theology, unaccompanied by the rays of the sun of revelation, has been, to establish a belief, that, while continuous manifestations of greater truth in natural philosophy, science, and art, are vouchsafed to man, in religion, the revelations of truth were sealed up with the final book of the Eevelation of St. John ; and that an utter end of progress in revelation has been Divinely ordained. On the other hand, the effect of modern spiritualistic revelation, added to the scholastic and scientific researches of ' free religion' of these latter days, upon the juvenile, the unsectarian, the unreligious, and the novitiate Christian portions of society, is to throw to the winds the entire Bible as a worthless book; to ridicule it, and its devotees as worshipers of ' they know not what.' This antipodal swing of the pendulum was ages ago, anticipated by the Spirit: ' He that killeth you, will think that he is doing God service,' has been fulfilled to the letter, by both Greek, Catholic, and Protestant churches. The devilish Inquisition, the Duke of Alva's wars, and the St. Bartholomew's massacre produced reactionary powers— 'horns' — which brought forth the French Revolution the utter abrogation of the falsely-called * See address of Dr. T. S. Bell, before the Bible Revision Association, 1858. Christian religion — its priesthood, sabbath, and Bible; the enthronement of the goddess of Liberty, Reason, and Fraternity, which finally culminated in the founding of a State without a Church, giving to every individual an absolute right to assume the entire responsibility of choosing or forming his own theology ; but utterly estopping even the most pious and godly from 'killing' each other to do their fighting gods good (or bad) service. Hence the American Government is not a Christian Government; its powers being solely derived from the people, and do not extend beyond civil matters. And its Constitution expressly disclaims any authority in matters of theology or religion. Elder Giles B. Avery, Mt. Lebanon