MAN v. EARTH The First Cause of all things is Spirit — God. The material worlds are the last procedure— the ultimates—from this Primal Cause. The Spirit of God is, in a low degree, in the natural worlds, and is exhibited in the creation of human beings — the representatives of Deity. Man and Woman is the Lord of this planet. The vitalizing power of the human body is the soul; the vitalizing power of the soul is the spirit. Body, soul, and spirit, are the product of the earth, and of its soul and spirit. In other words, the spiritual world is as soul to the earth ; and the inner heavens as spirit to it. Human beings are the earth elements in their highest form of organization ; and that is why Swedenborg declared the earth and the heavens to be in the form of a man; and man and woman in the form of Deity—Wisdom and Love. When we contemplate the fact, that the human race use the constituent elements of a country—fire, air, water, land, mineral, vegetable, and animal, it becomes evident, that, in a nation like China, where 400 million men and women have lived, generated, and died, during countless ages, the whole nation, in general and particular, is humanized. Is it unreasonable, or illogical, to assume that the people control these elements; and that, if they were permanently in a Divine life, every thing would be under their jurisdiction and manipulation; and that, in conjunction and co-operation with the myriads in the soul of the eajth-the world of spirits— directed by the Deific Spirits in the inner heavens, they could realize the position, that God would ' withhold no good thing from those who love and serve one another'—which is to love and serve God ? Inference. That the saints of all ages and races are but as drops before the shower, in their power over the physical elements—signs of what the whole race will attain to in the coming Millennium. History abounds in miracles that are no miracles at all, having been wrought under law. ' Elias was subject to like passions as we are, and he prayed earnestly that it might not rain: and it rained not on the earth by the space of three years and six months. And he prayed again, and the heaven gave rain, and the earth brought forth her fruit.' (James, 5 : 17,18.) The great power possessed by Moses over the material elements is latent in the entire human family. He ' was the meekest man' that existed at that period. His humility, simplicity, devotion, and spiritual-mindedness, rendered him an eminent medium of occult forces. He was in the life of God in Nature—a creator. In power over the mere earthly elements, in their unorganized condition, Moses exceeded Jesus. But, in power over the human body—those elements highly organized, Jesus exceeded his predecessors. All power in heaven and earth was his, as a type of what all men will or may become and possess. The whole nation of Egypt—its land and water, its air and fire, and the very souls of the people—seemed plastic in the hands of Moses. Even the sea obeyed the touch of his magical wand, and was his weapon of war, and instrument of instruction and destruction. The whole body of Israelites acted efficiently upon the food-producing elements of the country through which they were forty years in passing, into a land of milk and honey. There, food was more the product of labor. MANNA. What have we here ? What was this manna, and how was it produced ? Was it of the same chemical substances in the atmosphere, and in the soil upon which it gathered, that under other conditions would have assumed the form of wheat? It must have been thus; for law could not have been any more violated in its creation than when bananas, or any other kind of fruit, is the result. As to the how, I have not yet found a teacher to instruct and make me understand the origin of rice or oranges; nor do I know the process of the growth of a blade of grass, or of the California Washingtonian G-igantica. ' The soul of things ' is in the spirit world; ' for there the Lord God formed every herb and every plant before it grew ' on the earth — before it was externalized. The earth is the mother of us all — of the various races of humans — in a far more real and practical manner and sense than any but poets have thought or imagined. As the body of the mother of any animal, man included, naturally and spontaneously produces food for her own offsprings, so is food for man and beast equally spontaneously produced ¦— eliminated from and of the elements of which man and the earth itself, and all the genera of animals are constituted. To my mind the historical fact that for forty years manna-food ('what is it?') assumed the form of a deposit, like coriander seed, on the surface of the ground, is as simple and as scientifically understandable—as natural—¦ as is the analogous fact of the deposit of honey-dew, which is very nutritious, sometimes sufficiently so to sustain life. On this earth man and woman, standing in a normal relation to the lower spirit sphere, would need to ' take no ' more ' thought as to what they should eat and drink, and wherewithal they should be clothed,' than do ' the ravens ' or ' the lilies of the valley.' But what of the ethics ¦—of the moral aspect of this great question of Nutrition ? The Scotch have their oatmeal, the Irish their potatoes, the Asiatics their rice, as Israel had their manna. What was the effect of this one kind of simple food, so long continued as to extend be3^ond that generation to their posterity, who went over Jordan ? Why this was the physiological effect, that, when the Israelites, as slaves, came out of Egypt — the richest food-producing country upon the then known earth — the granary of the world — they, as a people, were precisely in the same physiological condition as American Christians; ?'. e., they were utterly given over to their physicians, unto whom. they had ' turned,' and not unto their Lord, ' the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob,' who would have taken ' all sickness and diseases ' and physicians ' away from the midst of them.' And they were tilled with Egyptian maladies, 'from the crowns of their heads to the soles of their feet.' From every one of those diseases they were healed and delivered by the daily use of their God-given manna; by the exercise necessary to secure this food; by the pure air breathed consequent upon living in tents, and while at work early in the morning, to gather it before it melted ; conjoined to the pure water from the rock of Horeb, and from other springproducing rocks in the Wilderness. By these means not only were they cured of their physical ailments, but there ensued a sensitive, psychical, magnetic condition of body and soul throughout the whole camp of Israel. And they informed Moses that ' Eldad and Medad prophesied in the camp ' among the people; and they sought of him authority to suppress them. And Moses replied: ' Enviest thou for my sake,' because the common people are exercising my peculiar gifts ? Why, ' I would that all the Lord's people were prophets.' That is just what I am trying to make of them, even as a schoolmaster is intent upon making learned men and women of his scholars, and as a good father and mother desire to have their children become even superior to themselves. Such, in substance, was the nobly grand response of this archetype of the first real living Shaker, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus was a scholar, and Moses, whom (in vision) he saw personally from time to time, was his schoolmaster, to bring him to Christ; and Elias, who was a Christ Prophet, came with Moses to the mount; and, while Moses brought Jesus near to John the Baptist, his successor, Elias, brought him to the Christ Spirit, with ¦which John baptized him. Thus we have the Law and the Prophets until John, and then the kingdom of heaven was preached.