Enon Valley, Penn., July 6,1873 Friends, Editors of the Shaker and Shakeress : As all the readers of your beautiful, clean-faced paper feel an interest in the great question now before the American People, of converting the United States Constitution into a theological creed, and the government under it into a persecuting power, they will be sorry to learn that the Penn- sylvania Constitutional Convention, now in session at Philadelphia, have taken a step backward on this subject. The old Constitution, in its preamble, declares, ' We, the People of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ordain and establish this Constitution.' The draft of the new one has this preamble, ' We, the People of Pennsylvania, grateful to Almighty God, for the blessings of civil and religious liberty, and humbly invoking his guidance, do ordain, &amp;c.' To be sure there is nothing in this change very alarming, except that it panders to the determined set of bigots who wish to push back the cause of human progress ten hundred years, and who are the SHAKERESS. 67 most thankful for small favors of any people I ever knew. If I were of those who would do evil that good might come, I could wish that the Convention would gratify the bigots, and put into the new constitution the whole Westminster Confession of Faith and Catechisms, and thus give the people a belly-full of it. Such a proceeding would raise a ferment that would rid the public stomach of every atom of theological poison that has been smuggled into it by these unscrupulous men, But I have something to tell you as an offset to this. The Baptist clergy of Philadelphia have been discussing the subject of the religious amendment. Remembering how the Puritans of Massachusetts persecuted Roger Williams, the great founder of their sect, and drove him down to Rhode Island, the Baptists have always, as a general rule, taken right ground on the question of Church and. State. The Rev. Dr. Howard Malcom, one of their oldest and most influential ministers, declared, in the Philadelphia discussion, that the advocates of this religious amendment were either fools or wicked assailants of our free institutions. The Rev. Dr. Cathcart, another eminent man, declared that the intelligent and consistent Baptists held to the secular theory of government, and admitted that nations, as nations, can have no God; that the same is true of families ; that religion is purely an individual, not a social, principle, and that the demands of liberalism ought to be conceded. The demands of liberalism referred to, are the nine following propositions issued by Francis E. Abbot, the able and distinguished Editor of the Toledo Index, and generally adopted by the Radicals of the country: THE DEMANDS OF LIBERALISM. 1. We demand that churches and other ecclesiastical property shall no longer be exempt from just taxation. 2. We demand that the employment of chaplains in Congress, in State Legislatures, in the navy and militia, and in prisons, asylums, and all other institutions supported by public money, shall be discontinued. 3. We demand that all public appropriations for sectarian, educational and charitable institutions shall cease. 4. We demand that all religious services now sustained by the Government shall be abolished; and especially that the use of the Bible in public schools, whether ostensibly as a text-book or avowedly as a book of religious worship, shall be prohibited. 5. We demand that the appointment, by the President of the United States or by the Governors of the various States, of all religious festivals and fasts shall wholly cease. 6. We demand that the judicial oath in the courts and in all othei departments of the government shall be abolished, and that simple affirmation, under the pains and penalties of perjury, shall be established in its stead. 7. We demand that all laws directly or indirectly enforcing the observance of Sunday as the Sabbath shall be repealed. 8. We demand that all laws looking to the enforcement of ' Christian ' morality shall be abrogated, and that all laws shall be conformed to the requirements of natural moral ity, equal rights, and impartial liberty. 9. We demand that not only in the Constitutions of the United. States and of the several States, but also in the practical administration of the same, no privilege or advantage shall )e conceded to Christianity or any other special religion; that our entire political system shall be founded and administered on a purely secular basis, and whatever changes shall prove necessary to this end shall be consistently, unflinchingly and promptly made. These demands are reasonable ; and, unless the Young Men's Christian Association, which is made up of members from all the Evangelical sects, override the Baptist Church in their plans ' for giving this country to Jesus,' we may calculate on the help of this large sect in our endeavors to keep the State free from the adulterous embraces of the Church. Those religious Bourbons, who, like their political allies in Europe, ' neither learn any thing, nor forget any thing,' have no idea that they are fabricating a two-edged sword that will cut both ways. The emigration that is swarming to our shores from Europe compels us to think of the future, and the possible complications that may arise in religious matters. Each sect has now an unquestioned right to believe and worship as they please, and to propagate their opinions by the pulpit and the press. But if the majority of to-day have the right to foist their creed into the Constitution, and persecute all non-conformists, the majority of next year can 'amend' it out, and put their own in, and send to prison those who don't conform. And the struggle thus inaugurated will make this land just what England and Scotland were in the 17th century, when Presbytery and Prelacy took the field, and drenched those countries in blood. But what we want is discussion of the subject. When the people are informed on governmental questions the danger is over. Respectfully yours, A. B. B.