SHAKERESS: TO THE RESCUE A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS If there ever was a time in the history of our race, when honest, earnest workers were needed in the field of reform, it is now. Never before were there so many momentous questions, and of such vital importance, agitating the public mind at the same time. It was but yesterday, as it were, that all the forces of the American nation were turned to war. Liberty and Slavery met in open combat ; and history will reveal to unborn myriads, at what a fearful sacrifice of human life and limb, with thousands of millions of wealth added thereto, the Ethiopian chains were broken. Now, the sound of artillery from the gory battle-field has ceased, the smoke is cleared away, and the camp-fires have died out; and thousands who were clad in habiliments of mourning for fathers, sons, and brothers, slain in battle, have laid them off, and other subjects engage their attention. The majority of the people at the present time, are in the ' broad road ' of pleasure seeking ; and many, we regret to say, seek it at the expense of honesty and virtue. There is also a large class of deep-thinking men, and women too, who are eagle-eyed, and who have taken their stand upon certain watch-towers, and they look at causes which, if carried into effect, they see, will ultimately destroy the peace and welfare of individuals, and of the nation. The social, sexual relation as it now exists, is filling the land with untold misery, and threatens to depopulate the earth. Men and women look at the subject scientifically, and are alarmed! Many feel that the time has fully come for the vail to be lifted, that light may shine upon the hideous monster; and that the covering, which wealth and ingenuity combined have woven to hide its deformity, may be torn off. But the question arises, where is the remedy ? It was much easier for Milton to tell how paradise was lost, than to show how Jieaven could be gained. Men ' by searching,' through natural wisdom and sagacity, may learn to comprehend things below them ; and may study the great book of Nature, which is ever an open volume before them; but a Divine revelation from the inner spiritual spheres is needed, to find and apply a remedy that will be effective in removing the cause of the diseases engendered by the violation of law, (whose name is legion) and to heal the waters of the great sea of sexual impurity. The question of the Rights of Woman, firstly to her own person ; then the God-given right to the elements of life (called property) equally with man, which are as necessary to her existence as to Ms; also her right to co-operate with him in framing the laws by which she is to be governed, and her much needed power and influence in sustaining those laws, is becoming so apparent, and the tide of public opinion is running so high con- cerning it, that we think the time cannot be far distant, when ignorance and superstition, made strong by custom and common consent, must yield before the potent advancing truths upon this subject. Progressive truth, whether relating to civil Polity, to Science, or Religion, has always met with opposing forces ; and Reformers in every age have had to wrestle against principalities and the ruling power of public opinion for a time ; and it would seem that spirits who were imbued with the war element when they left this world, and who have not risen out of that condition, but still remain in the lower spheres though in the spiritual world, lend their aid to contending parties in this mundane sphere, who are striving to block the wheels of progress. They may come in a false guise, and assume the appearance of a lamb, or of an angel of light, and thus deceive the simplehearted ; while their real mission and incentive to action, is to darken counsel, by smooth and persuasive argument, and to perpetuate human slavery. Although the strong have failed in their purpose to oppress the weak, and to continue to inthrall the souls and bodies of the African race, the same spirit is rife to-day, and seeks to control the minds, and bind the consciences of men and women. The founders of the American Government were providentially raised up to perform a great work for humanity. It was not their mission to found a religious order. They were called Infidels because they would not bow down and worship the Sectarians' God, and acknowledge that their creeds and dogmas were an embodiment of the Divine essence. They saw that the civil and ecclesiastical powers (combined) served to bind and fetter the consciences of individuals, and to impede the laws of progress generally. And ' horns'— power — was given to them, with which they broke in pieces the hierarchy, and severed Church and State. They emerged from the narrow sphere of sectarianism, and felt the universality of God's love and goodness to all of his creatures; and that all had an equal right to the elements of subsistence in this world, and an inherent right to worship God in accord with his or her conscience, free from priestly rule. It was the burden of their minds to form a basis of civil government so broad and strong, and so j ust in principle, that all nations, kindreds, and colors, whether religious or irreligious, Jew or Gentile, might find a home, and be free from religious intolerance, and that would be invulnerable to political storms that might arise, and from the subtle invasions of priestcraft. And now, what do we see and feel ? Unclean spirits like frogs are coming forth from the mouth of the dragon, and from the mouth of false prophets, under the sanctimonious sacerdotal robe, to invade the religious rights of the people: And this element is working (like leaven) in the commonwealth, throughout the American nation to-day. If they succeed in grafting the name of their God and their Christ into the Constitution of the United States, then will they re-unite Church and State, and join together what the God of universal love and justice, through his own agencies has put asunder; and will therebj kindle anew the persecutors' fire—open the way to the gibbet and the rack—and fill dungeons with heretics, as in the past! ' Cry aloud, and spare not,' O ye lovers of truth and liberty, lest this great evil come upon us If you cannot be a great river, bearing great vessels of blessings to tne world, you can be a little spring by the dusty wayside of life, singing merrily all day and all night, and giving a cup of cold water to every weary, thirsty one who passes by.