PLAIN DRESSING FOR MEETINGS The house of prayer is a poor place to exhibit beads, ribbons, ruffles, gewgaws, and trinkets. The evils of such vanity and extravagance are many. It keeps people from meeting when they have not apparel as gorgeous as their neighbors. It loads the poor with burdens too heavy to be borne, to procure fashionable clothing. It leads many into temptation, debt, dishonesty, and sin. It causes many a poor shop-girl to work nearly all of Saturday night, that some customer's fine clothes may be ready for Sunday show. It keeps people at home in cloudy or stormy weather, when, if they wore plain clothing, they could defy clouds and storms. It consumes the morning hour in dressing, crimping, and fussing, keeping people away from worship, wasting time, exhausting strength, hindering the reading of the Scriptures, and making the day of rest a day of toil and folly. It makes the poor emulous, malicious, and envious; and sows many a bitter thought in the minds of children and others, when they see their neighbors decked in finery,—often not paid for,— and feel that people are respected, not for the value of their characters, but for the vanity of their clothes. It causes many a frivolous, trifling mind to forget God, and Christ, and the Gospel, and to spend the hour appointed for religious service in comparing garments, studying fashions, and arranging their own gay attire. It causes vanity in the rich, and murmuring in the poor. It wastes the Lord's money that is needed for other uses, and should be applied to more noble and important ends. It leads the young in the path of pride, gratifying the lust of the eye, cultivating an extravagant taste, justifying attire, and seducing to the paths of shame and ruin, many a poor girl who might have lived an honored and virtuous life, had she never known or been led to think that she was beautiful, nor desired more finery than she could honestly earn, nor decked herself out in such a way as would attract the attention of libertines and seducers. This style of dress degrades the taste of society toward the level of those Hottentots, wild Indians, and African savages, whose chief delights are war-paint, feathers, rings, spangles, rag-roses, buttons, beads, and bugles —¦ things which are as repugnant to a refined and cultivated taste as they are contrary to the spirit and letter of the Holy Scriptures. Let us dress plainly before the Lord, for economy's sake, for example's sake, for decency's sake — for Christ's sake. H. L. Hastings