THE IMPENDING CRISIS ' C^ESARISM IN THE U. S.' The ' Woodhull &amp; Claflin's ' says: — ' At last, that to which we have been endeavoring to wake the consciousness of the people-^the fact that th.ere is a well-organized plan to remand this country to despotism—is becoming the subject of lengthy editorials in the columns of the paper which, in some respects, is the greatest of all newspapers in the world. 'It is a generally-conceded fact, that Protestantism as a finality is a failure in the world. Leaving Catholicism, there is no legitimate, permanent halting-place, until the opposite extreme is reached—that of individual freedom. Protest- antism is the road over which people travel from Catholicism to Individualism ; while, ultimately, all people will be obliged either to advance to Individualism, or to retreat on Catholicism,' or Shatter Dualism. ' The same is true of our politics. The government represented by our country to-day, is to politics what Protestantism is to religion. Having made a departure from absolute monarchy, the people must advance to complete republicanism— individualism in politics—or retreat on absolutism. One of the two extremes only is possible as an ultimate condition; and the sort of government now existing here is therefore impossible as a permanency; and the people—some of them— begin to comprehend this fact. Those who openly advocate the true democratic government, favoring individuality in politics, and those who secretly favor a return to Csesarism, believi ng in absolutism. And this is the battle that must next be fought in this country.. ' The magnates in politics, religion, and finance, those who now virtually rule, see that the people are awaking to their natural rights, as constituent members of the community, and they know right well that, when once they are thoroughly comprehended, their sway will end. To crush this, some movement must be made to stop the progress of these liberalizing, humanitarianizing ideas. It being impossible that existing things will continue, there is but one way, so they think, in which present potentates can still continue to remain potent in the affairs of the country, and that is by a retreat on absolutism, for the time called Caasarism; and this is what the secret organization to accomplish a third term for Grant, and ultimately a life term for him, means.' Upon the truth or falsity of the mutual charges of sexual immorality, by which the Brooklyn church and the Woodhull &amp; 68 SHAKER Clafiin company have assailed each other for some months past, the Shaker and Shakeress has no public opinion to express. But, when the Orthodox Church-and-State party take up the quarrel, and, evading the direct point at issue — the character and personal conduct of certain prominent leading members of the Brooklyn church — prefer unfounded and ridiculous charges of obscenity against the ' Weekly,' for simply reporting the facts at issue, and throw the case into the United States Courts, it looks very much like clerical trickery, and carries the mind back to the time of William Penn and the English Courts who tried him. As a society we have had some experience in the matter of having ' all manner of evil' spoken of us. If the Brooklyn church did not choose to follow our example of ' suffering wrong rather than doing wrong,' still continuing to be good, and to do good, as the best rejoinder we could make, but had sued the Woodhulls for libel, the case would have been decided upon the evidence adduced, and would have been definitively settled, pro or con. This straight-forward course would have given general satisfaction. Whereas, arresting the parties upon an entirely false issue of obscenity (of which every editor in America is equally guilty), and then exacting enormously excessive bail, multiplying vexatious suits, and actually imprisoning both male and female editors, ' revered citizens,' to whom thousands of the people were hopefully looking as the possible future President and Presidentess of the United States, has caused very many impartial observers to view the proceedings with terror and alarm, as constituting one of the most direct assaults, by the God-in-the-Constitution party, that has hitherto been made under the American Government. And, after keeping these innocent-untilproved-guilty, talented men and women in loathsome dungeons for months, awaiting trial, destroying their health (if not the life of one of them), they proceeded, by highhanded Jeffrey's-like legal quibbles, to send one of them to an insane asylum, by the merest arbitrary power of the court. The effect produced upon the public mind, by these unusually cruel and tormenting measures, has been to create grave doubts as to the innocence of the projectors of the prosecutions. Thanks are due to the just Judge Blatchford, for thwarting the evil intended by the legal Orthodox prosecutors and persecutors. Let us all be warned to keep the Gods of these people out of our Constitution, lest a worse thing come upon us.