ELDRESS ANTOINETTE, EDITRESS Desiring to add a few lines to your columns, I am impressed by an oft-recurring objection to our faith by those who partly, and only imperfectly, understand our religious tenets. Many aver that our system militates against itself; and that if all the world should become converted to a virgin life, it would exterminate the race, or, as is often expressed, ' run the world out.' Admitted ! To any reflecting, investigating mind, I would say, Come and let us reason together, as a man (or woman) would reason with a friend. Perchance, you are a Christian advocate, and believe in Jesus Christ, the Saviour of the world, as firmly as do the Shakers, and would think it amiss for any one to misconstrue his words, and lead others into error by explaining them in a wrong manner. Some affect to believe that the Shakers are adverse to generation per se, and stand in antagonism thereto, because of their oft-repeated denunciations of a worldly, sinful life, and their seeking to reform the natural, social system. Your objection is always presented wherever the principles of our faith are made manifest. Christ, in his teachings to his disciples, being questioned upon this subject, said unto them, 'All men cannot receive this saying, save they to whom it is given.' (See Matt., xix.) And, while he did not condemn generation,he taught a higher and more perfect way ; for this purpose came he into the world. So long as mortals are content, and soul-satisfied, to live after the similitude of the first Adam, without' seek- ing, that they may find,' the higher life, so long will they be left uncalled. God is willing to wait for his creatures ; Christ is willing to wait; still offering and inviting souls to come to him. But, when they become sin-sick, and weary of a worldly life, and cry, in the depths of their souls, ' Good Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life,' then will they hear the voice of the Son of God, and be taught how to forsake the world and ' follow the Lamb whithersoever he goeth.' Again, saith the Saviour : ' He that will save his life, shall lose it; and whosoever shall lose his life for my sake, shall find it;' for the life of the natural man must be rejected, in order to follow Christ in the regeneration, and find a spiritual life in him. Is it consistent with the workings of the Divine Spirit that all should be converted at one and the same time ? Is it likely to occur in any one of the Christian Churches of the present day ? While humanity exists, opinions will differ ; and they alone are right and safe who take for their guide to heavenly light and peace the life and teachings of our Saviour, Jesus Christ. Let us take a simile. Compare the spiritual organism of the immortal mind, with a beautiful orange grove. Should any one with common mental endowments reach forth the hand, and pluck the fruit in its first opening blossom, or in its green and unripe condition, though it may have reached its full size, yet wanting the rich flavor of the ripe, sweet and luscious orange, we should at once style him non compos mentis who would insist that all the fruit of the grove should be gathered at one time, whether in blossom, in the bud, or in any of its imperfect conditions, and thus lay waste the entire grove ! On the contrary, would not the careful fruit-grower often inspect his beautiful trees, selecting only the ripe and mellow, plucking it carefully and placing it where it might subserve a better purpose ; and so continue doing, until all the fruit was gathered in its proper time and season ? Yea, verily. In this way will each individual, when properly prepared for it, be gathered from the worldly elements ; and it matters not whether he had been removed from time in infancy or old age, as the immortal life is commenced with the body's first respiration, and the frail tenement which holds the spirit for a time, does not prevent its onward and upward tendency. Souls may continue in the body until they become centenarians, and within the hearing of the Gospel of Christ, and yet, like the an- cient Jews, disbelieve his mission: ' Seeing, they do not see : Hearing, they do not hear nor understand ' the Word of Life, until they become fitted by Divine Intelligence to receive the Holy Spirit, the Dove from heaven, and the voice of the Son of God, speaking to their souls, convincing them that to them the ' end of the world has come; ' and that henceforth, they must give up the worldly life, and seek the life in Christ. And having received faith that God has called them to his work—the work of redemption — which brings conviction for sin, and enables them, through an honest confession of the same, to rise in the resurrection of life, thus becoming ' new creatures; old things ' pertaining to the carnal life, ' being done away.' Your queries, though perfectly consistent with natural reasoning, reminds one of a bright and intelligent school girl in her rudiments, puzzled with a mystical mathematical problem. Advancing to her teacher, with book and slate in hand, she insisted that the compiler of the work had made a mistake, she was sure of it, for she had tried it in every way, and could not bring the correct answer. Seeing her despairing looks, and knowing that she had toiled in vain, her teacher said pleasantly, ' sit down, please, and I will assist you.' A few figures sufficed to enlighten her understanding ; she had made the mistake, and with an animated countenance, she caught the pencil, saying ' I see it now,v and commenced to figure in earnest, and soon obtained the desired result. And thus, it seems to me, many are inclined to misunderstand the Scriptures, and the call of mercy to their souls, and believe that the Saviour has made a mistake. They think Christ could not have meant precisely what he said, when he taught his disciples that ' If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, take up his daily cross and follow me.' And, ' whosoever shall do the will of God, the same is my brother, and sister, and Mother.' He surely did not mean that we must forsake our near relatives, those connected to us by the ties of consanguinity, and cleave to those only who are of like faith with himself, in order to become his disciples and walk with him. We may delight in, and enjoy the worldly life, if we love Christ the best. Thus reasons the human heart while bound in nature. I ask, in what respect do the children of this world differ from the first advent of our Saviour ? Is there any material change, except in civilization, arts and science ? Are not the Jews, Hindoos and Mahometans in the same progressive scale ? Where is the distinction ? Do they not all marry and give in marriage after the form and fashion of their respective countries ? It is so, and it is well! With such we have no controversy. Still, we think no one will infer that all or any of them are the true followers of Christ. In the Adamic life he set no example. He taught the higher and more angelic life. Do the professing Christians of the present day ' forsake all for Christ's sake and the Gospel,' any more than mankind have ever done ? Or, do they interpret the teachings of our blessed Saviour to suit their own life and pur- poses, and fear to 'read the writing on the wall,' lest it should cut them off from their idols, and oblige them to seek the life in. Christ, that they may be saved ? Christ did, indeed, come into the world, to teach the way, the truth, and the life, to all who believe in him. But is it rational, is it consistent, to suppose that all who will ever believe in Jesus Christ, as their Saviour, will receive the call in this life, when departures from mortality are momentarily occurring, and millions enter eternity before the God-given faculty of reason has ascended her throne, or they know the right hand from the left ? And are not millions, who now inhabit the earth, doomed to continue in ignorance, as well as those who have passed away, having lived out the natural length of time allotted to man, without ever having heard the sound of the Christian religion ? And are they not all God's creatures? and will they not ultimately find rest in some of the many ' mansions in the Father's house,' and accept the terms of salvation, granted by the Gospel of Christ, when they are willing to receive it — and are anxious to ' come up out of deep tribulation, and wash their robes and make them white in the blood (or life) of the Lamb ? ' How transcendent and blissful the thought! Christ, in his first advent to earth, had but few followers, and of them, one proved a traitor, and another, through fear of persecution, denied his Lord, though he stood before the world, the living embodiment of the Christ Principle, declaring his mission to earth to be of God, his Father. Was his ministry accepted by the masses? Nay, in no wise! Only the few were ready to receive him : And he—this Messenger of God—was derided, insulted, and slain. Does this not show that poor frail humanity is difficult to be convinced, and slow to believe ? Faith is given to those who ask, and are willing to receive it, and ' to no others.' ' Two may be in the field, or grinding in the mill, the one taken, and the other left,' until he too shall be convinced that Christ has appeared again, without sin, unto salvation, creating all things anew, (in his heart.) Then will he exclaim in the earnestness of his soul,' I see it now,' and will sell all that he has of a worldly, carnal life, to purchase the 'pearl of great price,' even the salvation of his soul. Thus reviewing the subject, the sophistry and fallacious reasoning of non-believers, have no more weight than if the same person should affirm, that, because he sees a loaf of bread, there will be no more grain raised. The idea is analogous to saying that because a few have chosen the virgin Christ life, it must consequently run the world out. ' Strait is the gate, and narrow is the way that leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it.' ' The Shakers (a name given by their persecutors) do not worship the person of any man or woman ; but purely the Christ Spirit; though mention is often made of the first Medium through whom this saving Gospel was preached to us ; and the devotional Spirit of the Believer in Christ's Second Appearing, as quickly reverts to our Saviour Jesus Christ as to our Mother Ann. They stand as Representatives of the Father and Mother Spirits of the New Creation (Wisdom and Love), attracting and holding the children of the Resurrection, subjects of the New Birth. Aurelia White, Watervliet, N. Y.