J. M. PEEBLES We are in receipt of letters and communications, written in April, from this well-beloved friend, who accompanied us in our English Mission, and who is now on a flying trip around the Earth planet. From New Zealand, he writes, that man, as a religious animal, is polygamic and promiscuous; as a spiritual being, he is monogamic in marriage, and chaste in marital conduct; and, as an angel, he is a celibate. The embryo angel is within. Men may become angelic on earth. This is the resurrection, with God's ' will done on earth as in heaven.' EdrOT^TTIBCILY'c 66 8HAKEE .A.ND The ancient inhabitants were called Maori. He thus writes of maoki spiritualism:. Relation to, and communion with, a world of spirits, are beliefs almost, if not completely, universal. The native tribes and clans of these islands are not only aware of holding intercourse with the so-called dead, but they understand the abuse, often using their mediumistic privileges for selfish ends. Daring their wars with the English, they were uniformly made acquainted, by vision, clairvoyance or clairaudience, with the movements of the British troops before action in battle. Not a plan of Her Majesty's officers could be kept from them. The leading chief of the Han Hans was a noted medium and medicine-man. He distinctly said that the ' spirits of the dead' guided him to his victories. The Maoris in the north islands still own much territory, have their king, and hold but little intercourse with pakeha, the white man. The medium-priest in a tribe is called Tohunga. They meet in close apartments, and chant their songs till the flickering lire fades away, when the Tohunga goes into his ecstatic state, and the spirit controlling tenders counsel, describes his new habitation in spirit-life, gives the names of those whom he has met, and bears messages in return to kindred in the higher life. That these Maoris of New Zealand talk wjth immortals, no intelligent man having lived among them disputes. From Hong Kong, China, May 27th, we have the following sermon: (The Shaker and Shakeress-) Pacific Ocean, April 25, '73. Elder Frederick : The other day, on the clipper harquellarrietArmitage,hound to Hong Kong, China, from New Zealand, we crossed the equator in longitude east 166°, 20'. We have passed a great number of islands, between two of which we were becalmed for five days. Several sharks surrounded our ship. The weather was intensely hot, the southern cross shining beautifully each night. The voyage reminds me of our trip to England only in this — the unfathomed depths of waters beneath and the infinite expanse of blue above us. On the ' Atlantic,' White Star Line, we had excellent accommodations, and intelligent associates, with essays, lectures, and the mirth of the eccentric George Francis Train. . On this vessel, we have accommodations and food not easily described, with 107 noisy, homeward-bound Chinamen, a portion of whom occupy the cabin. Confucius may have been a most eminent sage, but these, his disciples, are dirty, ignorant, and selfish specimens of humanity. They are properly ' Coolies.' Seeing them in their own country may improve my opinion of them. There is no line of steamships from Australia or New Zealand to China; neither is there at present between the English Colonies in the Pacific and California. The line started by Webb &amp; Co. proved an abortion. I gave the reason of the failure in one of my letters to the Banner of Light. By the way, I fear that two or three of these ' letters of travel' have been lost either through postal mismanagement, or the Boston fire. Traveling, I find that Spiritualism has believers and representatives in all the enlightened portions of the world. The Pacific Islanders are no exception. Surely it is the ' angel having great power.' Time, you may well know, hangs heavily. Dr.Dunn constitutes my most intimate companionship. I have heard him say,' knowing the treachery and wickedness of the world,' that, if he should be called to spirit-life, he would desire to have his children brought up Shakers. Having nothing else to do on Sunday last, I fell to preaching. You know I was ordained a preacher some thirty years ago, by the laying on of hands, which hands had about as much influence as so many dry chips. It was a church form, nothing more. But I fell to preaching pen-and-ink sermons the other day; and although decidedly dissatisfied with them, I venture to forward the gist of them to you, to dispose of as the spirit moves. They may not abound in the right kind of theology, according to your conceptions of ' sound doctrine.' But I remember the circumstance of the English churchman coming to you in London to inquire about ' Shakerism.' You informed him that believers, constituting the Millennial Church, had no crafty creed, no hireling priesthood, and no ecclesiastic yoke of theological belief to fasten upon men's necks. 'But,' you added, 'those joining us must be good; must plant their feet firmly upon the platform embodying these principles, purity, peace, and ' all things in common.' ' Faith without works is dead.'' But to my preaching. SERMONS AT SEA. NO. 1. 'I am the good Shepherd. The good Shepherd calleth his own sheep by name and leadeth them out.' John, 10: 3-11. If rational in the ancient Greek to put over the portal of the temple, ' Know thyself;' if justifiable in Whitman the poet to write, ' I celebrate myself,' and in our favorite Emerson to ' affirm ' himself, it certainly was not egotistic in Jesus to say, ' I testify of myself.' And this he did when he said, 'lam the good Shepherd.' The words were born out of a conscious consciousness of his divine mission, or a realization of the fact that his ' kingdom was not of this world.' The symbol of the Shepherd is beautiful. Eastern Shepherds knew and named each sheep of the flock. And in early morning they led them out into green pastures, watching them by day, and carefully guarding them by night. Jesus, conversing with the spirits of Moses and Elias, and aflame with the ' baptism of fire,' was pre-eminently ' the good Shepherd.' Every man anointed or baptized into the Christ-spirit of love and purity is a good Shepherd, and every such woman is a good Shepherdess. These, by the logic of circumstances, are leaders. It is embodied prin- ciples that naturally constitute them such. The ' body-politic,' as well as the human body, must have a head, the office-work of which is to lead or rightly direct. An organization without competent officers to govern and direct would be comparable to a headless body, or idiocy, fruiting out into shapes as monstrous as ungovernable. Jesus 'leadeth his own sheep out;' leads them by love, or love and wisdom combined. These dual principles run like golden threads through the realm of universal being. Love, void of parasitic attendants — passion, suspicion, and selfishness ; love, acting in concert with wisdom and power, is the mightiest redemptive force in the universe. Every human being has something good within; some qualities to admire and love. These God-implanted excellencies should be searched for and unfolded. Love not only seeks, but it is a mighty invigorator. The vine is a dry, leafless thing in early springtime, but the warmth of summer brings out the blossoms and the purple clusters. The infant, at times, is peevish, cross, and self-willed ; but maternal love,with skillful fingers/touches and tunes the better chords, till the life-strings become accustomed to vibrate in harmony. Winter, in northern latitudes, is any thing but inviting; not a tiny flower above the ground; not a song among the trees, and not a flush of summer in the sky ! Spring is the resurrection time. Many men, though in the prime of life, are in the winter of their days ; cold, hard, worldly! Can we hope for buds of benevolence ? Can we look for the ' fruits of the spirit 1' Aye, there are silent whis- perings ; these are stirring at the roots of their being. Conscience, at times, arouses itself; the good Shepherd calls ; the ' Spirit and the Bride say Come!' Charity ' hopeth all things.' European travelers tell us that the journey is rough and rocky from the ' garden home of Adam,' on the Euphrates, to the Calvary, in Syria, that echoed with the words, ' Father, forgive them.' So, spiritually speaking, the ' travel' is often long from the Adamic nature, with its appetites and passions, to Christ, the victor. 'Be of good cheer,' said Jesus, ' I have overcome the world.' This ' travel,' this pathway, is not always flowery. There are trials, disappointments, and thorns to pierce the feet; there are cups of gall to be tasted, and heavy crosses to be borne. All higher births are preceded by pains. ' No cross, no crown,' said the noble-hearted Quaker, Wm. Penn. Crosses and sufferings are good angels in disguise, and O how divine to bear them without a murmur. ' Not my will but thine, O God, be done !' When a lad, in Vermont, I remember of seeing a shepherd-farmer, on a bitter, snowy day, gathering all his sheep carefully to the windy side of the hill. The silly creatures, left to themselves, would all take to the other side, going to the sheltered spots, where the deep snow-drifts would silently furnish them at once with a refuge and a grave. On such a day, the life of some of the sheep depended upon facing the blast. Lying down cozily, they would become chilled and benumbed! Therefore, the shepherd would not let even the weakest and youngest lie down in the shelter, but by turns called, led, carried, and drove them, facing bitter winds and blinding snows. This is but a faint symbol of the ' good Shepherd,' of the good angels, of good men and women, and their plans to find, encourage, and gather into the fold the ' lost sheep.' Life is a puzzle. There are many ways to a city, but only one that is direct. Sunny roads are not always the safest. There are fields of temptation, where the moral strength is tried; fields of danger, where great caution is required ; fields of toil, where harvests come only through incessant labor ; fields of quietness, where a little rest is allowed ; fields of darkness, where the sheep huddle close to the Shepherd; and there are refreshing fields of plenty upon the higher pasture lands of true living. Every right step taken is eternal gain. ' Sweet fields, beyond the swelling floods, Stand dress'd in living green.' Up to these heavenly fields, where the crystal waters flow, flow so gently, by the tree of life, the 'good Shepherd' leadeth the sheep. The lamb that is faint and weary he carries in his arms, till it acquires a little strength, then he expects it to use that strength. Effort and will-power are indispensable to success. The inimitable Emerson recommends ' self-help.' The ' good Shepherd,' says the Evangelist John, ' calleth his own sheep by name, and leadeth them out;' that is, leads them out of darkness into light; out of the earthly into the spiritual; out of moral feebleness into manly strength; out of sluggish indolence into stirring activity; out of sectarian theology into religion ' pure and undefiled ;' and, finally, out of earth and earthly associations into the gates of heaven, where they are as the angels of God. Amen.