SETTING SUN Who can behold the splendor of the setting sun reflecting its golden rays upon the face of nature, when clad in its most lovely attire, without feeling grateful emotions ? Every tree, plant, and flower, bespeak the love and goodness of the Creator to his creature man. The sweet songsters which so fearlessly hover around our lawns and dwellings, fill the calm, clear atmosphere with their warbling music ; and, at times, they seem like little messengers sent from angel-spheres to enliven and cheer our pleasant, quiet home below, and to inspire us to open our vision to the realities and beauties of our final home in the land of souls. If at even-tide, when the labors of the day are past, we can look upon the setting sun with such pleasurable sensations, and with a confiding trust that another day will dawn— that the sun of the morrow will rise to warm and vivify the earth—what will be the Chris- tians' confidence and hope when they shall have passed through the conflicts of life, and when their earthly pilgrimage is about to end, and they feel that the sun of their earthly existence is going down, and life's evening shadows are gathering around them ? If they can then look upon the record of the past, and see that their lives have been fraught with noble deeds of charity, benevolence, and virtue, and that, under the guidance of Gospel principles, they have helped to bear aloft the standard of Truth, will they not feel a bright hope in the future, and have a full assurance that, in the heavenly land to which they are going, and where they have laid up immortal treasures, there are expansive fields, and beautiful groves, filled with the harmonious music of spheres divine 1 Purity, Innocence, Peace, and Joy, are the virtues which adorn those regions; they are more enduring, and more fragrant, than the flowers which beautify our earthly home. For the flowers of earth, at best, are only symbolical of the lovely graces which bloom in the garden of God, and ornament his spiritual temple. Truth is the Rock upon which the Temple of the Lord is being built; and all intelligent souls who love and do the truth, help to form this Temple, which is composed of ' living stones.' In conclusion, I will add, that from the age of fifteen to sixty-five years, I have been striving, by a practical life of self-denial, to be so nearly allied to goodness and truth, as to be counted worthy to occupy a small space in God's holy temple. This life of consecration, has brought sweet contentment to my spirit; and the heavenly breezes which are borne from the celestial clime, are refreshing and soul-reviving. I feel peace while reviewing the past; and am now enjoying a foretaste of the joys of the ' better land !' The blessing of visible and invisible friends falls upon me like a morning dew upon opening flowers. While bright the evening suu descends, 'Mid rays of golden hue, I think, how soon my sun of life To earth must bid adieu. Reflections peaceful, calm, serene! No ' sting of death ' I dread ; My spirit, borne on angel •wings, Is upward, onward, led. For angel purity will lead The soul that seeks her power, On to the rest that doth remain Within her fadeless bower. 0 happy thought! Who would refuse The kindly proffer'd hand, To bear, through shades and toils of life, On to the heavenly land? Hail! Angel guide to heav'nly life, Thy precepts are Divine; The laurels of a lasting peace Thy foll'wers' brows entwine : Simplicity is ever found Wher'e'er thy hand doth rest: In thy protection's holy sphere, The soul is truly blest. 1 sought thee early, found thy care, Beneath the sacred dome, Where hearts and hands, united, join To form a happy home. 8HAKEEE8S. 69 7O A.ISTI3 With kindred friends, the balm of life Was to my spirit giv'n ; With them I've shared the joy and love Which cometh down from Heaven. I sought thee early, found thy prize, Within the lovely bower, Where oft the Saviour calls his flock To spend devotion's hour : 'Tis there the way of life is taught, And there thy blessings pour; 'Twas there I made my faithful vows To serve thee evermore. Methinks I hear a question breathed, In accents deep and low, Where may we find this pleasant bower, This rest of God below ? Not, I reply, amid the walks Of grandeur, pomp, and pride ; Nor at the shrine of selfishness, As Jesus testified. But self-denial, and the cross, Forsaking ev'ry sin, And father, mother, houses, land,— The very life within : Yea, more; the husband, wife, and child : Break all the ties they hold, And God will bless the sacrifice With gifts a hundred fold. The Saviour own'd no earthly bond. Who were his kindred ? They Who sought to do his Father's will, And wTalk'd the narrow way. Eldress Abigail Crosman, Grovdand, N. Y.