To the Editress — I have not been accustomed, nor do I feel qualified, to write for the press ; yet I possess so lively an interest in what I consider a living cause, of vital importance to us, and to mankind at large, that I venture, in my feeble way, to make an effort to sustain it; and therefore proffer a few thoughts for our Monthly, which, if of no higher use, may drop into the much talked-of '' Basket,' and there possibly serve as a ' nest egg,' to attract something more interesting and valuable. The, Shakers, or Believers in Christ's Second Appearing, have (in a measure) for many years, sealed up their testimony among themselves, because it is so radical that none of the sects in Christendom, nor of those who belong to what is termed Babylon, were prepared to hear it or live it. I am thankful that the time has come for the vail to be removed, and the ' cloud to be lifted up;' and my prayer is, that the light of truth may shine so clearly, that many eyes may behold the order of the true ' Priesthood,' who bear upon their shoulders the ' Ark of the Covenant.' I bless the Shaker and Shakeress as a medium through which Sisters, as well as Brethren, can present their views, and express their desires, and be heard. Every one who has been blest with the saving influences of the Gospel, which is able to redeem souls from sin, and to free them ' from the bondage of the flesh,' which is far more grievous than was Egyptian servitude, cannot but rejoice in so glorious a work, and feel a strong desire that others may also be blest, as they have been. I would gladly blend my voice with that of the Spirit, which is calling: ' Come up hither.' Were Gabriel's trumpet within my grasp, I would sound it aloud, and call my suffering sisters away from the bondage of a carnal life, and its consequent sufferings, to enjoy the freedom of the true daughters of Zion, in the clean fold of Christ. True, woman has suffered through her own volition, to a great degree ; for, through either ignorance or weakness, she gave man power to rule over her; when, if they had kept their rectitude on the procreative plane of life, they could have walked evenly together; and then, in all the duties pertaining to that order, they would have been one. It has seemed very strange to me, that so many females should willingly follow the blind multitude, and yield to a life so fraught with pain and sorrow. But I suppose it is easier to see the broad way, where the multitude — the ' many' — throng, than the narrow path, where the ' few ' are found. When we cast our eyes abroad over the land, we see that crime stalks defiantly among all classes, from the lowest to the highest. And, if we trace to their origin, national and household wars, and the heart-rending abuses and cruelties inflicted upon females, do we not find them to be the fruits of wanton lusts? As in the first Adam, all who sin as he sinned, die as he died; ' so, in Christ,' the second Adam, ' shall all be made alive.' By resisting every temptation to evil, as did Jesus, we shall find our relation to him, who was the ' first-born among many brethren.' Through the Christ Spirit, with which he was baptized, he was able to say, ' I have overcome the world.' And, in the second appearing of the Christ Spirit, a female has been baptized, to be a co-worker with Jesus, who now stands in a corresponding relation to him as the first-born among many sisters. This we call the beginning of the final Order of the work of God upon earth, which resembles the Order of heaven, where dwells our dual God, with countless myriads of angels. The man Jesus, and the woman Ann, are our Exemplars. He, by putting on Christ, became ' the Lord our Righteousness.' And, by the same Spirit, ' She shall be called The Lord our Righteousness.' — (Jer. 23 : 6, and 33 : 16.) I own this blessed Parentage in the New Creation, and rejoice with my faithful brethren and sisters, who are living witnesses of the power and efficacy of their mission ; and I will ever defend and uphold the testimony which they brought forth against all sin. I have always loved my Shaker home; and, although I was only a small child when placed under its guardianship, I have never had a desire to leave it. When I grew to riper age, I had (of course) to make my own choice as to whether I would follow the course of the world, and live in the generative order, or continue to live a pure virgin life, as do the angels. I chose the latter, and have never regretted it; for I can truly say, I love the name — character — of Shaker. Hannah E. Potter, Mt. Lebanon