REFLECTIONS UPON MOTHER'S DAY The feminine or mother principle and element throughout sentient life, whether on the natural or spiritual plane, is that which produces, develops, protects and cherishes. When, on the natural plane, maternal functions are directed by wisdom and love, in conformity to natural law ; the result is a wellformed healthy organism — a fit temple for the abode of an immortal soul. The good physical mother may not be well qualified to mature and guide the unfolding spirit, which, like the body, should be fed with food adapted to its needs, and powers of assimilation. While man may claim supremacy in contending with, and subduing the physical world, and.utilizing the elements and forces of external nature, looman's mission is to contend with, discipline, and direct the strong current oftlife which flows through the human soul, rippling its surface, or stirring its greatest depths. Her influence, though it may be more silent in its operations, is ever acting on those around her, for good, or for evil. The human form is an outgrowth from the mother; and her soul-life is infused into it; and even the food which she prepares, and the clothing on which her hands and thoughts are employed, bear her impress. She is the architect of Society, if she properly fulfills her maternal duties. Man has his sphere of labor and duty, and may perform his part well, in helping to 79 people the earth on the physical plane ; but he cannot fill the sphere allotted to woman y and whenever he undertakes it, he mars her work. And on the higher, spiritual plane woman has her sphere of action, and peculiar work, which man cannot do. Therefore, if her life is consecrated to purity and goodness, and is under the guidance of the Mother Spirit in Deity, then she becomes a co-worker with man in establishing the kingdom of heaven on earth; and, through the love element (which is a stronger power than argument), and her intuitional nature, which render her accessible to the higher sphere, she becomes a medium to bear souls away from the earthly to the angelic life; and in that way she helps to people the heavens with redeemed spirits, and reflects the image of the Heavenly Maternity. The most sacred right, and the most glorious privilege, of a living soul, is to grow ; and it should be woman's care to promote this growth, and to be a medium through whom the expanding soul-powers may receive the genial sunshine, and refreshing dews, from the Angel world. And, if we would be mediums through whom rays of divine light and truth shall be transmitted to others, our lives must be free from blemish. The Orientalist, in his address to Deity, said, ' As shines the sunlight in a drop of dew, so doth thy Spirit in my spirit shine.' ' Blessed are the pure in heart; for they shall see God.' And truly a blessing are they in whom God may be seen. Emeline Broadway, Union Village, Ohio