Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. U. S. A., July 24,1873 To Frank Everitt: My dear friend, your interesting letter of June 30th came to hand a week or two ago. I am glad of your business prosperity during the past season. When I was in your shop, I felt a good deal of sympathy, under an impression, that it was close work to make the sales meet the expenses. The question that you propound is a very important one. In the matter of a person learning geography, we begin with the outlines of the earth — the figure of it. Now it is round; but, for thousands of years, if not ages, priest and people (and even Jehovah, the God of the Jews included) believed it to be, not round, but flat. This goes to prove the fact, that ' the whole world ' may '' lie' in geographical error, as well as ' in the wicked one.' And how easily 1 could multiply the instances, like the circulation of the blood, where all known human beings were under a mistaken conception of scientific facts. Now the truth respecting them is everywhere known. It is the same with what are called religious truths ; errors have preceded them. Ann Lee and Swedenborg were cotemporary; and Ann called him her John the Baptist. Like Jesus, Ann was a human being — he a man, she a woman. Like Jesus, she had her weaknesses and sins; and, while Jesus con- fessed his sins to John the Baptist, Ann confessed hers to Jane and James Wardley. Then the Christ Spirit descended upon her, as, after Jesus had confessed, the Christ Spirit, from the Christ heavens, descended upon him. The Christ heavens bear, to the inhabitants of other planets, the same relation that they bear to the inhabitants of earth. That is, when, on the natural plane, the people of Jupiter shall have multiplied, until a prospect shall appear of there being no more room (for wise people ' see the evil afar off'), then the Christ Spirits would begin to harvest that planet; that is, to resurrect the ripest natural men and women above the plane of animal reproduction. Then the voice of Christ to them would be, just as it was to and through Jesus, Forsake generation, and generative relation — father, mother, brothers, sisters, children, wife, husband, and houses and land; and form 'households of faith,' with property ' in common,' and relatives all spiritual, not natural. Under this ruling, natural relatives may become spiritual relatives. It is the generative life that the Christ Spirit will burn up ; not the person of father, mother, etc. ' Let him that readeth understand.' Thus would numbers enough become Christians on the planet Jupiter to balance population, without resort to disease, to the Malthus theory, to famine by poverty, to war, to abortion, or to any other vice-checks of population. Can there be a moment's hesitation in choosing between true Christianity and these infernal ' inventions' of Christendom ? Or, can there be a question raised, as to the literal fact that, however large a planet may be, the population principle unchecked would fill it as China is now filled; where infanticide is legalized, as the only means of preventing general starvation, even although the Chinese are a long way from being where and what we hope the inhabitants of other globes are ¦—¦ pure, natural men and women — until called by the Christ Spirits to rise up and bless ' the wombs that never bear, and the paps which never gave suck ? ' Mother Ann then was ignorant of science, but was blessed with a Christ revelation, which enabled her to compass Swedenborg, with all his learning. Now, you must consider that both Ann and Swedenborg were brought up to believe in the Deity of Jesus ; to both of them, Jesus was God. Swedenborg became simply a Spiritualist — not a religionist; he was scientific. Spiritualism is the highest of the sciences; nothing more, nothing less. So that Swedenborg was not a Christian, any more than was John the Baptist. The highest heaven that Swedenborg ascended into was a generative — not a Christ, or resurrection — heaven. Himself testified of this, near the close of his life, saying: ' I see new heavens forming, and angels descending and ascending from and to them, to the earth. I know not what they are.' They were the resurrection heavens, into which none had ever entered up to that time, not excepting Jesus and his Apostles. They groaned in spirit, and waited, looking and hasting unto the coming of the female Christ in a human female. Ann Lee was the ' glory' of Jesus, in which he was to come in his second appearing. The woman, we all know, ' is the glory of the man.' Now their spiritual children — brethren and sisters — can live together in purity. Never before could this have been done. Catholic monks and nuns have to be kept separate, or they would ' fall to the earth ' — go back into generation. ' A third part of these stars,' of the first Christian heavens have, in all ages, been drawn do'wn by the tail of the dragon—generation. But ' now,' in the second manifestation, or appearing of the Christ Spirit, ' has come salvation and strength, the kingdom of our God, and the power of his Christ.' And we can and do live above the earth, as did Jesus. We have the Christ Spirit — not Jesus. He was the 'first-born of many brethren;' nothing more; as Ann was the first-born of many sisters. Swedenborg would have to confess his sins to Ann, or to an Elder of her appointment, just as John the Baptist would have to confess his sins to Jesus, in order to enter into his kingdom. ' Facts are stubborn things.' And the facts are, that, while the Swedenborgians are, in all respects, like all the other worldly Christians, ready to be of the world, to fight, to marry, to hold private, selfish property, to SHAKEEESS. 75 be rich and poor, high and low, and generative male and female, just as are all who are in the kingdom of the ' beast,' and in the kingdom of his ' image'—the Catholic and Protestant order: the Shakers are a distinct people, in every one of these respects — a new creation. Is not this, then, the kingdom of heaven on earth, for which Catholic and Protestant have alike been sixteen hundred years praying ? There, my friend, I have written the above as fast as I could move the pen; and you may, at some seance, invite Resurrection Angels to come and visit you. They will confirm what I have herein written ; and this Scripture will be a medium by which they can come into the sphere of some one of your circles. You have no medium for the manifestation of Christ Spirits. But, should they find access to \ou, they would invite you to the Shakers as the proper mediums through whom for them to operate. Remember that, while Swedenborg was the Angel of Spiritualistic communication, Ann was the Angel of a Christ revelation. Believe me most respectfully your friend F. W. Evans