MORE CHURCH CONCESSIONS We scarcely read of the elaborate defense of the Anglican Church by the Primate of all England, made through the columns of the press, in opposition to the disestablishing spirit which is abroad in the United Kingdom, when we get a reminder nearer home, from the American branch of the same Church, of the inroads which science is making into creeds, and of the reluctant willingness of the clergy to accept a situation which they plainly see it is impossible for them to withstand. Bishop Bedell, of Ohio, the coadjutor of the deceased Bishop Mcllvaine, whose remains have reached his native shores within a week, in a discourse, not long since, on ' Heavenly Conversation,' drew up a formal and elaborate argument to prove what all believers in Spiritualism know without any argument whatever, that in the future world we shall renew old friendships, feel interested in past events, and daily increase in knowledge and love. And he proceeded to repudiate altogether the old time belief in a heaven in which the saints are to stand around, perpetually singing praises to God, or listening, in turn, to the songs of angelic choirs. He likewise scouted the idea that the past would be forgotten and the future unthought of, while enjoying the ecstatic bliss of the heavenly present. He believed that the immortal man would be but the mortal man purified of his imperfections, and with an immensely enlarged and intensified in- telligence. He will converse with his friends over the struggles and trials of the past, as well as over its happiness, and will look forward with joy to the yet greater bliss of the future. The Bishop pushed on with greater boldness still, and did not hesitate to renounce the narrow creed that man, in his present state, on this insignificant vale of matter, is the be-all and end-all of created intelligence. And furthermore, and more specifically still, he declared that he did not hold the dispensation of the Fall and the Redemption to be the only one in God's providence. The thousands of magnificent orbs that fill the boundless space with activity and glory were not created merely for the use or amusement of the dwellers on this, one of the smallest of all the orbs. Each probably has had, or will have, its inhabitants and its peculiar dispensation. One of the joys of the future life will perhaps be the reception of news from these myriad worlds, and the tracing out of the workings of Divine Providence in their history. All this sounds very much like Swedenborg. It is Spiritualism. The signs of the times are not easy to mistake in matters spiritual, when the chiefs of the churches give such pronounced evidence of being weary of the restrictions of their creeds, and show that their spirit yearn for a free flight among the realities of the spiritual life, such as are known to those who hold the great truths of Spiritualism. We refer to this demonstration of an Episcopal Bishop in this country with unaffected satisfaction, because it shows that people are on the right track, and the churches have got to follow them. The priests and preachers no longer lead and control the public judgment or popular aspirations. The light is coming down everywhere in a welcome flood.