I am prompted by love... I am prompted by love to cast my mite into the Lord's treasury; and, in a true Christian spirit, I would draw near to those who are not satisfied with their present condition, and who desire more spiritual light, and conviction of sin, and to find the pathway that leadeth unto eternal life; and, if by a word of solace, I could comfort one sin-bound, sorrow-stricken soul, and help to disperse the dark clouds that have gathered around, it would be a pleasure to me so to do. Dear friends, do we realize that we are hastening on to the immortal shores ; that we must leave the things of time ; and that there is but one straight way that will lead souls unto the rest of God in the realms of the blessed ? Jesus our exemplar paved this way, and in kindly accents, he said, ' Follow me.' All who accept the invitation, find in him a heavenly Guide ; and the Christ Spirit, with which he was baptized, sheds light upon the narrow path of self-denial, and enables those who are earnestly inquiring ' what they shall do to inherit eternal life,' to understand their duty; and such find that the yoke of Christ is far easier than the yoke of sin, and his burdens lighter than the bondage of a carnal life. And I would say to my sorrowing sisters who are yet under that bondage, ' There is a Heavenly Mother who is able to extend sympathy and love, and to take earth's erring children by the hand, and gently lead them through the cleansing waters of Jordan, (con- fession of sin and repentance)/' and to bear them up through every trial and temptation, and to guard them from all influences that would ensnare and lead them into darkness. We have a Father's strength to uphold, and a Mother's love to cheer and encourage; and their united voice is, ' Whosoever will give up the carnal, sensual life for the Gospel of Christ, and rise into the higher angelic spheres, shall find a life that is eternal.' And bright ministering Angels are sent to earth, to kindle the fires of truth that will cleanse the temple (human hearts), and prepare a dwelling place for the holy dual Christ Spirit. Even now, at the gates of cities, temples, and chapels, where God's name has been profaned, through a false profession, Angels of Justice and Mercy are crying to the massive throng as they pass, ' Who will accept the way of life and salvation, and sell all they possess that belongs to a worldly life, for the pearl of great price ? ' Who will listen to the goodly Shepherd's voice, saying, ' Follow me ; I will lead you unto living waters, where you may drink and thirst no more.' Few are willing to hear and obey, but choose rather to continue their course in the broad road of sinful pleasure. It is not God's will that any soul should be lost. He patiently waits, and calls in gentle tones, and pleads with souls to come to the truth and life, and that through the cry in their hearts, ' Lord what shall I do to be saved? ' How shall I live to meet my God in peace ? they may be brought to bow in humble submission and say, ' Not my will, but thine, O God, be done.' Hold me in the hollow of thy hand; forgive my wanderings from thee; and lead me to the higher life ; that I may dwell in thy temple forever. Sweet would be the incense of such soul-breathings, when carried by Angels to the throne of our Father and Mother in the Heavens. But we would ask, Is not the wickedness of the present age, and especially of our great cities, equal to that described by the Prophet Nahum ? Are not the cities full of blood, of lies, and robbery ; against which a woe was pronounced? And does not crime as justly merit the indignation of a righteous God now, as in days of yore ? People run to and fro ; knowledge is increased; and the wicked continue in wickedness. It was said, ' The chariots shall rage in the streets, and jostle one against another in the broadways; they shall appear like torches as they run like lightning.' Have we not seen that prediction fulfilled in our time ? When we have witnessed the rapid increase of knowledge in the land, O how much have we desired that true wisdom, which leads souls to fear God and work righteousness, might also increase; that there might be a true reformation in the lives of the people; and that those of riper years and experience might, through the law of kindness and love, plant the germs of purity and innocence in the hearts of youth and children, that they might honor God, and become shining lights in the world, that wTould dispel the clouds of darkness which sin and ignorance have formed. Such an influence could not fail to be a blessing to humanity. It would lift the mind above sensual pleasure, vanity, and pride, which lead to sorrow and death; and would turn it toward the Divine Source, whence all truth and goodness radiate. Thus would be fulfilled that beautiful commandment which Jesus gave to his disciples, ' Love one another as I have loved you.' Eldress Hester A. Adams, Gloucester, Me.