Beloved Eldress Antoinette : Although our material forms are separated by hills and valleys, yet I am thankful that I can commune with you in spirit; and, on this beautiful evening, I feel drawn to you by the strong chords of Gospel affection; and there is a deep feeling of love and sympathy welling up in my heart for you. You are ever ready to give freely to others from the fountain of love that is treasured in your heart, and to impart knowledge that is much needed; and I wish to express the great satisfaction that I find in reading the columns of the ' SJiaker and Shakeress.' It seems to me that great good will result from the circulation of such wholesome truths as are found in its pages. I often reflect upon the wisdom and love of God ; and the more I study his Divine attributes, the more convinced I am, that ' His ways and thoughts ' are not as the ways and thoughts of natural men and women, who build cisterns according to their own plans, which do not contain waters of life and salvation ; for the natural mind, when perverted, seeks pleasure in unrighteousness, and drinks at the impure fountains of sinful indulgence, and finds therein bitter disappointment, instead of true and lasting joy. They who thus spend their lives and vital energies, are more to be pitied than envied. And those who have not risen above the earthly, material plane of life, and have never sought happiness and pleasure in doing God's will, often wonder how it is that the people called Shakers can reconcile their feelings to (what seems to them) a dull round of duties ; for they cannot realize that Wisdom's ways (which are always pure and peaceful) are filled with good and pleasant things ; and that those who walk in her paths ever find joy that is far more satisfying than earth-born pleasures, which at best are transient, and that the spiritually-minded, whose aspirations are God-ward, feel the inflowings of life and love from a never failing source. One reason why I thus express my feelings at this time is, we have recently been enjoying a beautiful season with several companies of our dear Gospel brethren and sisters who have been with us from other societies of Believers. We have really enjoyed a feast of good things. Our heavenly meetings for worship, where we felt the inspiration of the Holy Spirit which lifts the soul to Angel spheres, and gives a foretaste of the joys of the redeemed, claim our best feelings. Then, in our social feasts, where mind could respond to mind, as well as heart to heart, there was much comfort. Again; as we walked through the cultivated fields and gardens which, in a measure, have been redeemed from blight and beautified by consecrated labor, we really felt that our Heavenly Father and Mother will not withhold any good thing from those who love and do the truth; that the same kind hand that feeds the raven, and clothes the lily, will continue to bestow every needful blessing upon those who seek the kingdom of heaven and its righteousness in pre- ference to earthly riches, honors, or pleasures. We visited the adjacent towns and villages and saw much in nature and art to admire ; but as we saw costly palaces for the rich, and very humble cottages for the poor, and felt the injustice existing between man and man, the poor who toil through weary days, and fill the rich man's coffers by wearing their own lives away, receiving but a small recompense in return ; we found a feeling of sadness gathering over our spirits ; for we could not feel the peace and contentment there that pervades our Zion home, where self is crucified, and where all toil together in Christian love ; thus, as in Apostolic days, breaking our bread together as brethren and sisters in one spiritual household. I thank God that there is a religion that can make the heart better, and change the whole character of the natural man and woman ; and how mistaken are they who think there is no real pleasure to be attained and enjoyed, except by traveling from place to place, and mingling with the votaries of fashion, thus forming an excited and exciting crowd of 78 SHAKEE A.NE) pleasure-seekers. Happy are they who have so turned their thoughts and affections Godward as to realize that all their joys center in truth — in God. Anna Irving, Enfield, Conn.