ONENESS OF LIFE In perusing the July number of the ' Shaker and ShaJceress,' so fraught with heavenly treasures, I could not but pause, at the close of each article, to reflect upon their oneness of feeling and sentiment; and knowing that near a thousand miles lie between many of the contributors, and that they have never exchanged words, orally, or by pen, how strange that they should speak and feel as though reared by the same Gospel Parents. What an exemplification of the one great Spirit of truth and love that pervades the children of Light! 'As many as were of one heart and soul had all things common.' These have come up through deep waters of tribulation and are being transformed into pure virgins, for the kingdom of heaven's sake.' Here are truly kindred hearts ; those who suffer together for the one great cause of human redemption, and who have plighted their souls to sleep with the nameless martyrs of the past, with no proud monument erected to their memory ; these have pictured truly an ensign of noble deeds, whose fame shall yet extend from pole to pole. These shall ascend in glory and triumph, to their Eternal Parents, who gave them this oneness of spirit. The proud and worldly-wise may scoff, Endeav'ring to afflict us ; But patience doth possess our souls, And wisdom doth direct us. Although in numbers we may wane, Progression's wheel is turning, And all earth's efforts would be vain, To keep Truth's lire from burning, Now kindling on Mount Zion's height; Though few the flames are blowing, All nations jret shall see the light, And taste the fruits we 're sowing. Take courage then, dear kindred hearts, Most precious coins are fewest; And hearts that suffer just as one— The noblest — are the truest. A dawning day I clearly see, 'With many untold blessings, And fraught with love and purity. For which are thousands pressing. I would not linger on the brink Of doubt and desolation, Since Christ is here, and sayeth Drink The waters of salvation ; O cleanse the soul from every sin, By sorrow and confession ; Forsake the world that is within, Thus honor your profession. Polly M. Rupe, P. Hill