Singapore, Malay Peninsula, June 22,1873 Elder F. W. Evans. — My dear friend, my heart swells with emotions of tenderness and sympathy while heading this letter, inasmuch as it bears me on the wings of memory back to Mt. Lebanon, to Albany, to Cleveland, and drops me down among brotherhoods and sisterhoods of souls consecrated to human redemption. The distance, in miles, between Singapore (away down here at the southern point of the Malay Peninsula, under the equator) and Mt. Lebanon is great; but the moral distance is greater. Singapore is a city of eighty thousand souls, sixty thousand of which are Chinamen; ten thousand are the indigenous Malays ; and the other ten thousand are mixtures of Hindoos, Siamese, Javanese, Persians, and Arabs; and their dresses are as complex as the blood mixtures. The heat is intense, and this is the third week we have been waiting for a steamer in the opium trade to take us to Calcutta, where we strike the regular route. They told us, positively, in Hong Kong, China, that we should connect here with another line ; but, as the 'fates' would have it, just as we were coming into the bay, we met the out-going steamer. You can well imagine my disappointment. Why do men lie so ? — to use the word falsify is too mild. But, left here., I made the best of it, by writing up my Notes on China, and tramping about this country—the country of nutmegs, pepper, cinnamon, cloves, cocoa-nuts, pine-apples, tapioca, durians, bread-fruit, and every other fruit requiring perpetual summer. The foliage is magnificent, and the scenery crowning the isles beautiful. At the same time the drawbacks are numerous. In my room, at the hotel, are fleas, mosquitoes, beetles, and lizards. Only last night I saw four lizards 74= 8HAKEE J^ND crawling on the walls over my head, one of them nearly a foot in length. Last week I went over to Johere, on the Malacca coast, to see the palace of the Marah-Rajah, etc. One of his officials took us out into the country where we saw a young tiger (a few years ago, one man a-day here was killed by tigers), an elephant, a boa constrictor, fifteen feet in length on the limb of a tree, and monkeys in the jungle. Why Europeans live in such a country is a marvel. Gold, gold tells the reason in a word. I expect to get away for Calcutta, in about three days. In Singapore there are two hundred Europeans and four hundred Americans. I am getting terribly behind in all American news. You, dear brother, can hardly imagine how completely alone I am. At times it is quite a trial. But all trials, to those who are loyal to duty and right, will end. My stay in India and Egypt will be short, as the weather will be intensely hot. I have not given up going to Palestine ; for really I do want to see the land where the Nazarene and the Apostles once trod. I hope to get around to America by Christmas, God and the good Angels continuing my health. This intense hot weather wears upon me I find. It is unnatural to a man born in Vermont. I am getting anxious to be once more under the folds of the American flag, and am very anxious to see you, venerable father, the family, and all. Give them my love, and remember me in your prayers. Most affectionately thine, J. M. Peebles