SCOTCH CORRESPONDENCE [Extract from a letter to D. P.] 'I am fully of your opinion, that love must be the creative and cementing element of every thing valuable in home. The primary, fundamental cause of so much domestic infelicity, and so many divorces, is the lack of moral stamina, originating in the utter absence of any effort to train the young, in this country, in that empress of all virtues, selfcontrol. 'It may seem absurd to speak of sugarsticks in this connection, but it seems clear to me, that if a child is indulged in candy, without ever a hint to his conscience, that there is any thing wrong in it, by and by a taste for tobacco and other abominations is developed, and indulged in without a scruple of conscience. A flabbiness of moral muscle, so to speak, is induced, and, when decidedly immoral appetites present themselves for gratification, there is no power to resist. In he goes, and the result is personal and domestic misery and mischief without limit, divorces included; the sugar stick, the thin edge of the wedge, wrought the ruin. ' Again, the wide-spread practice of raising young women to nothing but a love of luxury and idleness, greatly aggravates the evil. Parents who do not take all possible pains to train their daughters, in all the minutite of domestic industry and thrift, are the enemies of these daughters and of all human kind; for there is no source of happiness like a sense of genuine usefulness, and a consciousness of duty quietly and well performed; nothing so attractive to those of the other sex, who are sober minded; nothing so subduing to those who are not. Let us contrast the background of solid worth, indicated by the knitting habits of Martha Washington and Maria Louisa Childs, and the simple record of the New Testament Dorcas, with the flimsy accomplishments of the 'girl of the period;' and cease to wonder at the falling off of happy homes, in favor of saloons with ' pretty waiter girls ;' and the prevalence of infelicity where real homes are attempted. In Scotland, women work shoulder to shoulder with men in all rural industries. This custom receives unfavorable comment from those who know only the outside of it. It has its drawbacks, but the cannie prudence and sturdy independence begotten of it, may well cover a multitude of minor evils, and be one of the causes of the greatness of our little native land. ' I am much pleased with the ideas em- bodied in the principles of the Shakers. If I had remained at home in Scotland, it is not likely I ever should have married, for my mother is still alive, and my sister likely to survive me. 'I count Celibacy a wise arrangement to those who can bear it; and, strictly and honestly carried out, it will contribute largely to the permanency of the Shaker communities. I am not naturally disposed to take a very rosecolored view of things that look dark on the surface; therefore, I am gratified with your view of the destruction of slavery, as a prophecy of further moral progress in the world; for that institution looked powerful enough on the very eve of its fall. Taking the 'whole sweep of human history, with many apparent interruptions and retrogressions, progress is ever evident; but it is as evident that the moral has always lagged behind the material, political, and intellectual. It is not likely that the letter of republican institutions will soon be interfered with in this country ; but the state of things which renders possible such careers as those of Tweed, Connolly &amp; Co., Fisk and Gould, Vanderbilt, Drew and others, does not augur well for the spirit of these institutions remaining long intact; yet, ' to hope the best is pious, brave, and wise.' '