SHAKERESS: IS THERE MYSTERY IN TRUTH ? A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS The human mind in all ages, has sought to understand the invisible Source of its existence ; for belief in, or an intuitive sense of, the immortality of the soul, and of an over- ruling Power, which guides and controls the destinies of individuals, and of nations, is in- herent in every human soul. Much was said, in Apostolic days, concerning the ' mystery of the Gospel,' ' mystery of godliness,' and also the ' mystery of iniquity.' The Revelator John, who ' bare record of the Word,' while under a true spirit of prophecy reaching into the future, foretold a day when the mystery of God would be finished. May we not reasonably inquire into the source and origin of this mystery? If all the diversified opinions, and theological discussions which have been written and expressed concerning it were gathered and compiled in one volume, it would require a good mathematician to number its pages. But we would ask, Is there mystery in truth, when unmixed with error ? Is there any mystery in purity, or in unalloyed, unselfish love? If man and woman, on the natural plane of existence, had kept their integrity, innocently carrying out the laws of their being in the rudimental stage of life, using, and not abusing, the powers conferred upon them, would they not, as a normal sequence, have progressed from the natural plane to the higher spiritual life ? Then, where would have been the conflict, or mystery? Has not an interblending of the true and false — a mixing of good and evil — been the cause of all the great mystery ? The unperverted Natural Order is as true, in its time and season, as the Spiritual in its time and season ; and must necessarily precede it. But every wise husbandman understands, that, if he undertakes to sow the seed and reap a harvest at the same time, he will create confusion and fail in the attempt. The Adamic or generative plane belongs to the seedsower ; and spirits or angels who have passed out of the material form of existence into the lower spheres of the heavens, watch over and guard those who are in that Order ; and, just in proportion to their uprightness in carrying out the true intent and purpose of their exist- ence in that Order, are they blest. But the Spiritual man or woman, who fills the Christian character, must rise above the natural into the spiritual; and must come under the ministration of spirits or angels who have themselves ascended into the resurrection heavens where Christ is found; whence they are sent as angel reapers, to harvest souls from the earthly generative life. If an enemy had not sown evil seeds — tares among the wheat — and the earth and its inhabitants had grown and progressed like a beautiful healthy child under the protection of its parents, from infancy to the strength and understanding of manhood, can we not see that, successively, all would have ripened for the harvest ? and that the Angel reapers would have gathered the mature grain into the spiritual garners of the Lord for a higher use, leaving the field to be again occupied by the seed-sower? Then, where would have been the ' mystery,' or inharmony ? In violated law, we opine, may be found the cause of all the mystery and misery in the human family at all times. Sin blights and destroys ! Virtue is a health restorer ! Man and woman are the agents by which the earth must be redeemed; they are the mediums through which the Angels work ; and it would avail but little for them to sound their trumpets, or for the thunders to utter their voices, if there were not spiritually progressed, honest, earnest souls waiting upon the watchtowers of Truth, listening to catch the first sound, and be ready to work with them. There is not so much dependent upon what is said as upon what is done. One godly deed is better, and more effective, than ten thousand words (if they are ever so good) coming from a deceitful, unsanctified heart. As one said anciently, ' One hour of equity is better than seventy years of devotion,' (without corresponding works). While there is so much reliance placed upon the atoning blood of Jesus' and the pulpit eloquence of a hireling priesthood, the masses will continue to sin and to sorrow, and the mystery of iniquity will continue to work.' But we rejoice in spirit exceedingly; for the beautiful star of Purity is rising in the spiritual horizon, giving promise of a brighter and more perfect day. Thousands are beginning to understand that those who ' see God' and commune with Him, must be pure in heart and life ; and only those who keep themselves chaste, can truly wait on Him, or the ministers whom He sends ; and, like many of the ancient philosophers, they ascribe the highest place in the heavens to those who live a pure, celibate life for conscience sake. And, while we acknowledge God in the natural creation, and study his laws from the great book of Nature, which is ever open before us, and from which we may learn important and instructive lessons pertaining to our physical life, it may also be a medium through which we may study the divine laws, which pertain to the inner spiritual life, and the boundaries of that world which is to be our future home. The healthy spirit will draw sustenance from all God's creation. And, as the rivers and running streamlets all converge toward the ocean, which is never full, although constantly receiving new supplies ; so should all intelligent beings, created as they are with the germs of an immortal life, direct their thoughts, and wend their way, toward the great Source and Center of all Truth ; for there is the true home of all souls.