CORRESPONDENCE Beloved Eldress Antoinette : Although our material forms are separated by hills and valleys, yet I am thankful that I can commune with you in spirit; and, on this beautiful evening, I feel drawn to you by the strong chords of Gospel affection; and there is a deep feeling of love and sympathy welling up in my heart for you. You are ever ready to give freely to others from the fountain of love that is treasured in your heart, and to impart knowledge that is much needed; and I wish to express the great satisfaction that I find in reading the columns of the ' SJiaker and Shakeress.' It seems to me that great good will result from the circulation of such wholesome truths as are found in its pages. I often reflect upon the wisdom and love of God ; and the more I study his Divine attributes, the more convinced I am, that ' His ways and thoughts ' are not as the ways and thoughts of natural men and women, who build cisterns according to their own plans, which do not contain waters of life and salvation ; for the natural mind, when perverted, seeks pleasure in unrighteousness, and drinks at the impure fountains of sinful indulgence, and finds therein bitter disappointment, instead of true and lasting joy. They who thus spend their lives and vital energies, are more to be pitied than envied. And those who have not risen above the earthly, material plane of life, and have never sought happiness and pleasure in doing God's will, often wonder how it is that the people called Shakers can reconcile their feelings to (what seems to them) a dull round of duties ; for they cannot realize that Wisdom's ways (which are always pure and peaceful) are filled with good and pleasant things ; and that those who walk in her paths ever find joy that is far more satisfying than earth-born pleasures, which at best are transient, and that the spiritually-minded, whose aspirations are God-ward, feel the inflowings of life and love from a never failing source. One reason why I thus express my feelings at this time is, we have recently been enjoying a beautiful season with several companies of our dear Gospel brethren and sisters who have been with us from other societies of Believers. We have really enjoyed a feast of good things. Our heavenly meetings for worship, where we felt the inspiration of the Holy Spirit which lifts the soul to Angel spheres, and gives a foretaste of the joys of the redeemed, claim our best feelings. Then, in our social feasts, where mind could respond to mind, as well as heart to heart, there was much comfort. Again; as we walked through the cultivated fields and gardens which, in a measure, have been redeemed from blight and beautified by consecrated labor, we really felt that our Heavenly Father and Mother will not withhold any good thing from those who love and do the truth; that the same kind hand that feeds the raven, and clothes the lily, will continue to bestow every needful blessing upon those who seek the kingdom of heaven and its righteousness in pre- ference to earthly riches, honors, or pleasures. We visited the adjacent towns and villages and saw much in nature and art to admire ; but as we saw costly palaces for the rich, and very humble cottages for the poor, and felt the injustice existing between man and man, the poor who toil through weary days, and fill the rich man's coffers by wearing their own lives away, receiving but a small recompense in return ; we found a feeling of sadness gathering over our spirits ; for we could not feel the peace and contentment there that pervades our Zion home, where self is crucified, and where all toil together in Christian love ; thus, as in Apostolic days, breaking our bread together as brethren and sisters in one spiritual household. I thank God that there is a religion that can make the heart better, and change the whole character of the natural man and woman ; and how mistaken are they who think there is no real pleasure to be attained and enjoyed, except by traveling from place to place, and mingling with the votaries of fashion, thus forming an excited and exciting crowd of 78 SHAKEE A.NE) pleasure-seekers. Happy are they who have so turned their thoughts and affections Godward as to realize that all their joys center in truth — in God. Anna Irving, Enfield, Conn. I am prompted by love... I am prompted by love to cast my mite into the Lord's treasury; and, in a true Christian spirit, I would draw near to those who are not satisfied with their present condition, and who desire more spiritual light, and conviction of sin, and to find the pathway that leadeth unto eternal life; and, if by a word of solace, I could comfort one sin-bound, sorrow-stricken soul, and help to disperse the dark clouds that have gathered around, it would be a pleasure to me so to do. Dear friends, do we realize that we are hastening on to the immortal shores ; that we must leave the things of time ; and that there is but one straight way that will lead souls unto the rest of God in the realms of the blessed ? Jesus our exemplar paved this way, and in kindly accents, he said, ' Follow me.' All who accept the invitation, find in him a heavenly Guide ; and the Christ Spirit, with which he was baptized, sheds light upon the narrow path of self-denial, and enables those who are earnestly inquiring ' what they shall do to inherit eternal life,' to understand their duty; and such find that the yoke of Christ is far easier than the yoke of sin, and his burdens lighter than the bondage of a carnal life. And I would say to my sorrowing sisters who are yet under that bondage, ' There is a Heavenly Mother who is able to extend sympathy and love, and to take earth's erring children by the hand, and gently lead them through the cleansing waters of Jordan, (con- fession of sin and repentance)/' and to bear them up through every trial and temptation, and to guard them from all influences that would ensnare and lead them into darkness. We have a Father's strength to uphold, and a Mother's love to cheer and encourage; and their united voice is, ' Whosoever will give up the carnal, sensual life for the Gospel of Christ, and rise into the higher angelic spheres, shall find a life that is eternal.' And bright ministering Angels are sent to earth, to kindle the fires of truth that will cleanse the temple (human hearts), and prepare a dwelling place for the holy dual Christ Spirit. Even now, at the gates of cities, temples, and chapels, where God's name has been profaned, through a false profession, Angels of Justice and Mercy are crying to the massive throng as they pass, ' Who will accept the way of life and salvation, and sell all they possess that belongs to a worldly life, for the pearl of great price ? ' Who will listen to the goodly Shepherd's voice, saying, ' Follow me ; I will lead you unto living waters, where you may drink and thirst no more.' Few are willing to hear and obey, but choose rather to continue their course in the broad road of sinful pleasure. It is not God's will that any soul should be lost. He patiently waits, and calls in gentle tones, and pleads with souls to come to the truth and life, and that through the cry in their hearts, ' Lord what shall I do to be saved? ' How shall I live to meet my God in peace ? they may be brought to bow in humble submission and say, ' Not my will, but thine, O God, be done.' Hold me in the hollow of thy hand; forgive my wanderings from thee; and lead me to the higher life ; that I may dwell in thy temple forever. Sweet would be the incense of such soul-breathings, when carried by Angels to the throne of our Father and Mother in the Heavens. But we would ask, Is not the wickedness of the present age, and especially of our great cities, equal to that described by the Prophet Nahum ? Are not the cities full of blood, of lies, and robbery ; against which a woe was pronounced? And does not crime as justly merit the indignation of a righteous God now, as in days of yore ? People run to and fro ; knowledge is increased; and the wicked continue in wickedness. It was said, ' The chariots shall rage in the streets, and jostle one against another in the broadways; they shall appear like torches as they run like lightning.' Have we not seen that prediction fulfilled in our time ? When we have witnessed the rapid increase of knowledge in the land, O how much have we desired that true wisdom, which leads souls to fear God and work righteousness, might also increase; that there might be a true reformation in the lives of the people; and that those of riper years and experience might, through the law of kindness and love, plant the germs of purity and innocence in the hearts of youth and children, that they might honor God, and become shining lights in the world, that wTould dispel the clouds of darkness which sin and ignorance have formed. Such an influence could not fail to be a blessing to humanity. It would lift the mind above sensual pleasure, vanity, and pride, which lead to sorrow and death; and would turn it toward the Divine Source, whence all truth and goodness radiate. Thus would be fulfilled that beautiful commandment which Jesus gave to his disciples, ' Love one another as I have loved you.' Eldress Hester A. Adams, Gloucester, Me. For many years I have felt... For many years I have felt the saving influence and power of the Gospel of Christ in his second appearing, which was preached in part by Jesus and his disciples, and for a time was carried into practical effect in the Pentecostal Church They testified that they only ' saw and prophesied in part;:' and that, in the future, there would be a more perfect manifestation of the work of God. This undoubtedly had reference to the time when there should be a full manifestation of the Christ Spirit in both male and female ; that as Jesus was baptized with the Spirit of the Father, which constituted him the first-born of many sons — an elder brother, so also, in the fullness of time, a female should be baptized with the Mother Spirit in Deity, which would fit her to be an elder sister,— the firstborn of many daughters ; and that, under the power of the dual Christ Spirit, they would co-operate together in the work of human redemption. I feel a deep desire that others may be blessed as I have been, and I feel a lively interest in our little periodical, the ' Shaker and Shakeress; ' for I believe it may be a means of conveying much light and truth to honest inquirers. When I peruse its pages, my heart is filled with joy ; it is a medium of the ' living word' to souls, and of practical truths so much needed at the present time. And while I feel an earnest desire that the Gospel may spread far and wide among mankind, I also pray for an increase of the quickening Spirit; the baptism of fire to sin, and of love to truth, within our Zion home ; that all may be of one heart and mind — practical doers of good works ; and thus become God's true witnesses and living ministers, to herald the glad tidings of peace and salvation to other needy souls. I am thankful to know that this dual mes- senger finds its way over the waters of the broad Atlantic, to old England's shores, the home of my childhood, from whence I was brought by my parents in early life. I thank God that I was preserved through a most perilous sea voyage to reach America. Once our ship was so near being wrecked that for hours we were almost without hope of ever seeing land again. The captain and second mate, with six others, were swept overboard and found a watery grave. But we succeeded in putting back to Liverpool; and then took passage in another vessel; but were obliged on account of severe gales, to put back into Liverpool the second time. Again we started and by the good protecting powers above we finally reached the western shore in safety. My thoughts often go back to the people of the land of my nativity; and, in my prayers, I would call down God's blessing to rest upon them ; that they may learn to do his will, and may feel the joy of knowing that they are owned and blest of Him; and that, by being consecrated to his service, they may be quickened by his Spirit, and nourished by his Word. Betsey Ami Hollingsworth, Hancock, Mass. To the Editress — I have not been accustomed, nor do I feel qualified, to write for the press ; yet I possess so lively an interest in what I consider a living cause, of vital importance to us, and to mankind at large, that I venture, in my feeble way, to make an effort to sustain it; and therefore proffer a few thoughts for our Monthly, which, if of no higher use, may drop into the much talked-of '' Basket,' and there possibly serve as a ' nest egg,' to attract something more interesting and valuable. The, Shakers, or Believers in Christ's Second Appearing, have (in a measure) for many years, sealed up their testimony among themselves, because it is so radical that none of the sects in Christendom, nor of those who belong to what is termed Babylon, were prepared to hear it or live it. I am thankful that the time has come for the vail to be removed, and the ' cloud to be lifted up;' and my prayer is, that the light of truth may shine so clearly, that many eyes may behold the order of the true ' Priesthood,' who bear upon their shoulders the ' Ark of the Covenant.' I bless the Shaker and Shakeress as a medium through which Sisters, as well as Brethren, can present their views, and express their desires, and be heard. Every one who has been blest with the saving influences of the Gospel, which is able to redeem souls from sin, and to free them ' from the bondage of the flesh,' which is far more grievous than was Egyptian servitude, cannot but rejoice in so glorious a work, and feel a strong desire that others may also be blest, as they have been. I would gladly blend my voice with that of the Spirit, which is calling: ' Come up hither.' Were Gabriel's trumpet within my grasp, I would sound it aloud, and call my suffering sisters away from the bondage of a carnal life, and its consequent sufferings, to enjoy the freedom of the true daughters of Zion, in the clean fold of Christ. True, woman has suffered through her own volition, to a great degree ; for, through either ignorance or weakness, she gave man power to rule over her; when, if they had kept their rectitude on the procreative plane of life, they could have walked evenly together; and then, in all the duties pertaining to that order, they would have been one. It has seemed very strange to me, that so many females should willingly follow the blind multitude, and yield to a life so fraught with pain and sorrow. But I suppose it is easier to see the broad way, where the multitude — the ' many' — throng, than the narrow path, where the ' few ' are found. When we cast our eyes abroad over the land, we see that crime stalks defiantly among all classes, from the lowest to the highest. And, if we trace to their origin, national and household wars, and the heart-rending abuses and cruelties inflicted upon females, do we not find them to be the fruits of wanton lusts? As in the first Adam, all who sin as he sinned, die as he died; ' so, in Christ,' the second Adam, ' shall all be made alive.' By resisting every temptation to evil, as did Jesus, we shall find our relation to him, who was the ' first-born among many brethren.' Through the Christ Spirit, with which he was baptized, he was able to say, ' I have overcome the world.' And, in the second appearing of the Christ Spirit, a female has been baptized, to be a co-worker with Jesus, who now stands in a corresponding relation to him as the first-born among many sisters. This we call the beginning of the final Order of the work of God upon earth, which resembles the Order of heaven, where dwells our dual God, with countless myriads of angels. The man Jesus, and the woman Ann, are our Exemplars. He, by putting on Christ, became ' the Lord our Righteousness.' And, by the same Spirit, ' She shall be called The Lord our Righteousness.' — (Jer. 23 : 6, and 33 : 16.) I own this blessed Parentage in the New Creation, and rejoice with my faithful brethren and sisters, who are living witnesses of the power and efficacy of their mission ; and I will ever defend and uphold the testimony which they brought forth against all sin. I have always loved my Shaker home; and, although I was only a small child when placed under its guardianship, I have never had a desire to leave it. When I grew to riper age, I had (of course) to make my own choice as to whether I would follow the course of the world, and live in the generative order, or continue to live a pure virgin life, as do the angels. I chose the latter, and have never regretted it; for I can truly say, I love the name — character — of Shaker. Hannah E. Potter, Mt. Lebanon