JUDGMENT ' The Lord will be a spirit of judgment to him that sitteth in judgment, and strength to them that turn the battle from the gate ' of entrance into his and her own soul — the inner thought, the will. Through the will all good and all evil enters the citadel of our being, our inmost desire, our prayer; for prayer is desire and will united to use the utmost power of the person to accomplish the object desired and willed. Prayer is our wished-for selfhood; and judgment is the light of the coming day shining upon the past history of the individual— the truth as now revealed. Repentance — confession, and forsaking—is progress — conformity to present abstract principle, regardless of the sacrifice of the old for the new. A distiller, liquor dealer, or a drunkard, is convicted by a temperance preacher, and drops the business, or ceases from the practice ; that is religion. A generative man or woman hears the testimony of Jesus, obeys it, and becomes a Shaker. ' Fear God, and worship and give glory to Him, for the hour of his judgment is come,' applies, first, individually, then to a society composed of those individuals, and next to a nation. ' Now is the judgment of this world,' when there is an influx of new truth (more light) upon abstract principles, and the ' still small voice' creating a whirlwind in the emotions, an earthquake in the habits, and a fire of intense desire and an unconquerable and indomitable will in the soul. The latent fire and abstract truth of one cycle is the practical truth and burning zeal of the next that succeeds. When an individual is converted, or a society or a nation is founded, there is always a reserve of the spirit of truth sufficient to reconvert, progress, or explode by revolution, the cycle then inaugurated. The dreams of Abram and Joseph were actualized. The vision of Moses and the bush redeemed one nation from the midst of another, as a child proceeds from its mother. Israel was born into Egypt, and born again into the land of Canaan — born of revelation and evolution. Judgment day followed judgment day to Israel, always beginning at the house of God — the Temple — until the time of Augustus, when a man arose who said : ' For judgment I am come into this world.' And, as Moses destroyed Egypt, so did he destroy the Jewish nation ; and the Pentecostal Church was born from its mother, the Jewish Church, as Israel was born of Egypt. This Pentecostal Church was absorbed into, and diluted with, spiritual Babylon, just as the old Israel was absorbed into, and diluted with, Babylonia of the Persians. Again, the Spirit said : ' She shall go forth unto Babylon, and there shall she be delivered. The second Christian, or Pentecostal Church, is born of Christendom in Babylon. And, as Babylon is Church and State combined, so the Shaker Order and the Republican Order of Civil Government were twins, born together; and they will travel together hereafter as heretofore, until the earth, and the fullness thereof, shall be the Lord's, even as Zion is the Temple. Then shall all nations and races be one nation, one race, and one language. For confusion of tongues and interests shall cease, and a pure language, expressive of pure, simple, natural, and true spiritual lives shall result. These two distinctive Orders — spiritual and civil — of the United Society, and of the United States, will run parallel, until they shall have subdued, by the truth, all the Churches and all the kingdoms of the earth ; and it shall be Shaker dualism — a dual God and Christ, and a dual Church of Christ, where man and woman shall be man and woman, just as Deity is man and woman, in entire harmony, and perfect unity ; and the Civil Government shall be in its image, and after its likeness ; male and female shall it be, in all its legislative and judicial departments ; as also in all its religious and educational institutions ; dual — male and female shall they forever be. These visions of the future are as the dreams of Abram to the twelve sons of Jacob ; as the dreams of Joseph to the twelve tribes of Israel; as the vision of Moses to his subsequent revelations, and of their products, the whole history of Israel, down to Jesus, the Head of the Jewish Christian Pentecostal Church, which was a seed of the Shaker Church. Seven cycles of progress are appointed to the American Civil Government, before it will eliminate from itself all the elements of Church-and-State Babylon, down to pure Materialism. The tendency to retain and incorporate some of the theological or monarchical influences, antagonistic to pure Materialism and Republicanism, will be equaled only by a like tendency on the part of the Spiritual Order of Shakers to retain and absorb some of the ' doctrines of devils' and their practices. Hence each cycle will end in a day of judgment in both Orders. The United States Government has just passed through its first day of judgment. Slavery, which was the antithesis of ' all men free and equal,' is judged, condemned, and executed, by the latent reserved abstract truths of the founders of the cycle. The Government repented, confessed, and forsook slavery; as it will repent, confess, and forsake land monopoly, male government, war, prostitution, and poverty. This is the vision for the future. ' The seven thunders that uttered their voices' about the steps of Progress of the Church of Christ's Second Appearing, were uttered and understood, but not recorded ; so neither do I record them. ' The measure that ye mete shall be measured to you again,' is now experienced by the South. As they had held millions of human beings as chattel-slaves, disregarding all social family ties, and sexual covenants, and relations; so did the war-spirit themselves had evoked, disregard all of their family ties, and social sexual relations; and their fathers, and brothers, and sons, were forced into the army, as they had forced away, by sale, the fathers, and brothers, and sons of the Negroes ; leaving the females without protection, a prey to the debauched soldiery of both North and South.