CAMP MEETING During the camp meeting season, when it was known that Rev. Charles Pitman would preach, the country for miles around would be on the move. Not unfrequently he would have five, six, or even seven thousand persons to hear him on such occasions. His audiences were often chained to the spot for two hours or more, forgetful of every thing but the great theme of Redemption of a lost world, upon which he dwelt. While Agent for Dickinson College, traveling in the discharge of his official duties, he came one day into the vicinity of a camp meeting, and, like the war horse snuffing the battle from afar, hastened toward it. His arrival was near the middle of the day. He said to the Presiding Elder, 'I have come to your meeting, and must leave this afternoon, but God has given me a message to this people. Will you let me preach ?' The Elder replied, ' There is a brother engaged to preach this afternoon; if he will yield the appointment I shall be glad to have you.' The ar- rangements were made, and Pitman was to preach. At three o'clock, however, the sky was overcast with dense black clouds ; fierce lightnings glared, and the thunders roared. All the indications were that a fearful tempest would immediately burst upon them. But notwithstanding these angry premonitions the preacher took the stand, and falling upon his knees, prayed in agony of spirit, 'OGod Almighty ! if thou hast sent me to preach to this people, hold back these threatening clouds for at least one hour.' This prayer was thrice repeated, each time with increasing faith and fervor. It was a bold request — yet it was heard and the rain was stayed. He then preached an hour and ten minutes like one newly commissioned from the skies, and as if, when through, he must immediately return to report the manner in which-he had performed his work. Men stood aghast, or feeling that the day of doom had come, fell prostrate to the earth under the power of the convincing Spirit. Thousands were present at the service, and as soon as he had finished, the clouds, no longer restrained, poured out their contents in such ceaseless floods, that the multitudes fled to the tents for refuge. The whole congregation, convinced by the power of truth, and now held captive by the storm, were kept within the reach of religious effort. Prayermeetings were opened simultaneously all over the ground, and such were the displays of Divine power amid the tempest, that five hundred souls were reported among the saved on that memorable afternoon and evening.