26, Penton St., Pentonvixe, London (N. C), June 30,1873 My Dear Friend : — Your kind letter of the 5th of February I received while in the North of England, and I have been so very busy since I have been back, that I have not had time to sit down quietly and pen you a reply until to-day. We have had a very prosperous season, our only difficulty being that workmen are scarce, many having emigrated, and very few boys being apprenticed to the hand sewing department of our trade. But I will not trouble you with business particulars, as I am sure they will not interest you so much as things of a higher character. I have been very much troubled, for the last year or two, with a question that, to me, is of the highest importance. Until I have settled that question, and can see the truth of it one way or the other, I do not think I shall make much progress in spiritual life ; for, as soon as I begin to think above the earth plane, this thought presents itself, and I feel that I can get no further, until I can see clearly the real truth of the case. It is this: Jesus Christ, was he human or Divine ! I was brought up from my childhood in the Swedenborgian faith, which teaches that our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ was the only God ; that he came to this earth in a glorified human form, to disperse the cloud of spiritual darkness that prevailed upon it; that he accomplished, or rather finally completed, this work by his death on the cross, and that the rending of the vail, separating the holy of holies from the body of the church, was symbolical of his work being accomplished. Now, all this is very beautiful, but I have long had, in my mind, grave doubts as to the truth of it. One great thing is, we have no authority for it but Swedenborg ; and was not he as likely to be wrong as any one else ? It seems to me that every one should settle it in his own mind as to whether that doctrine be true or not. But, who is to be authority in the matter ? Perhaps you can throw a little light on the subject; if you can, and will, I shall esteem it a great favor. I have to thank you very much for the kind and prompt reply to my last letter, and also for the ' Shaker and Shakeress,' which I receive every month, and am very pleased therewith. I am convinced it will be the means of doing a great deal of good. With my kindest regards and best wishes for the prosperity of all your undertakings, I remain, Yours most respectfully, To Elder F. W. Evans. Frank Everitt