Elder Frederick Dear Brother, your letter, with its inclosed extracts, came safely to hand. You will please accept our thanks for the same. In reference to your leader of the July number of the ' Shaker and Shakeress:' When about fifteen years of age, I was surprised to hear my father remark, that the mission of Jesus (according to his own testimony), was national — exclusive — in its character. In support of this view, the words of Jesus to the woman of Canaan were quoted: ' But he answered her not a word.... But he answered, and said, I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house of Israel.' How harsh his expression to the woman seems : ' It is not meet to take the children's bread, and cast it to the dogs!' (Matt, xiii.) God is no respecter of persons. ' He sendeth rain upon the just and the unjust, and is good to the unthankful and the evil.' That for her birth this woman was not accountable, must be conceded ; and hence she was certainly entitled to receive from Jesus, for her daughter, the healing power, which was given him by the Father to dispense to such as had need thereof. There are quite a number of expressions recorded of Jesus, which seem to show that the universality of his mission had not dawned upon him; and also that he expected the ushering in of the latter day to take place within a short time. It seemed necessary that to Peter should be given a vision, to convince him that God would accept others besides the Jews, provided they were workers of good. Of the truth of your observation, in refer- ence to the vacillation of the Apostles between Judaism and Christianity, it seems to me that the Scriptures furnish abundant evidence. In putting aside the doctrines that ' Jesus is very God,' and that ' from his birth he was perfect,' it seems difficult, for some, not to make of him a sort of demi-god. The more mystery we attach to Jesus, the greater becomes the difficulty we experience in striving to hold him up as a pattern to mankind. In proving that he could not have sinned, we lower, instead of exalting, his character. In judging others, we are often reminded of the wisdom of Father James, in saying, ' I will henceforth know no man by his words, but by his works.' If the Scriptures give all the circumstances connected with these seeming unwise acts of Jesus, then the inferences you draw are no doubt correct. How difficult it is to meet and answer such questions as are necessarily put when any one denies the Divinity of Jesus, in the sense in which it is im- plied by the old theology : —' Was he man, or was he not 1 If not like other men, wherein was he different?' is asked. Difficult for whom to answer ? Why, for those who, while claiming that the so-called orthodox ideas in reference to Jesus are incorrect, would con- tend that no effort should be made to clear away the mystery and make the matter plain. Of the character of Jesus, as a medium and faithful leader — ' Elder Brother ' — I will speak but briefly. The greatest proof of his surpassing Mediumship lies in the diversity of his revelations, and to their applicability to the soul-wants of ' those who hunger and thirst after righteousness.' Many as are the hearts that have been stirred by the revelations of Jesus, they are few in comparison to the numbers that will yet awake and realize their truth and beauty. The concluding part of your editorial I love It is the primitive faith in its purity : ' Whosoever receiveth you, receiveth me .... and him that sent me.' The present of a work which, by its Founders and Leaders, was declared to be a progressive one, is, and (to the faithful), will always continue to be, superior to the past. He or she who lays hold of the faith that ' Christ is manifest in the flesh,' and who renders to ' Christ in the flesh ' obedience, can never be deceived, or fail of securing salvation. But, by referring to the past as superior, and striving to disparage the present gift, we are not only standing in our own light, but we are denying the truth of Jesus' and Ann's prophe- cies in reference to the increase which should take place after their decease. Thanks from all for your love. Please accept our love, and prayers for your prosperity. Grain all harvested and the greater part threshed. Yield of wheat, averaged twenty bushels to the acre. Crops of corn not so promising as we could wish. A great deal of rain. George B. Amery, Whitewater, O.