For many years I have felt... For many years I have felt the saving influence and power of the Gospel of Christ in his second appearing, which was preached in part by Jesus and his disciples, and for a time was carried into practical effect in the Pentecostal Church They testified that they only ' saw and prophesied in part;:' and that, in the future, there would be a more perfect manifestation of the work of God. This undoubtedly had reference to the time when there should be a full manifestation of the Christ Spirit in both male and female ; that as Jesus was baptized with the Spirit of the Father, which constituted him the first-born of many sons — an elder brother, so also, in the fullness of time, a female should be baptized with the Mother Spirit in Deity, which would fit her to be an elder sister,— the firstborn of many daughters ; and that, under the power of the dual Christ Spirit, they would co-operate together in the work of human redemption. I feel a deep desire that others may be blessed as I have been, and I feel a lively interest in our little periodical, the ' Shaker and Shakeress; ' for I believe it may be a means of conveying much light and truth to honest inquirers. When I peruse its pages, my heart is filled with joy ; it is a medium of the ' living word' to souls, and of practical truths so much needed at the present time. And while I feel an earnest desire that the Gospel may spread far and wide among mankind, I also pray for an increase of the quickening Spirit; the baptism of fire to sin, and of love to truth, within our Zion home ; that all may be of one heart and mind — practical doers of good works ; and thus become God's true witnesses and living ministers, to herald the glad tidings of peace and salvation to other needy souls. I am thankful to know that this dual mes- senger finds its way over the waters of the broad Atlantic, to old England's shores, the home of my childhood, from whence I was brought by my parents in early life. I thank God that I was preserved through a most perilous sea voyage to reach America. Once our ship was so near being wrecked that for hours we were almost without hope of ever seeing land again. The captain and second mate, with six others, were swept overboard and found a watery grave. But we succeeded in putting back to Liverpool; and then took passage in another vessel; but were obliged on account of severe gales, to put back into Liverpool the second time. Again we started and by the good protecting powers above we finally reached the western shore in safety. My thoughts often go back to the people of the land of my nativity; and, in my prayers, I would call down God's blessing to rest upon them ; that they may learn to do his will, and may feel the joy of knowing that they are owned and blest of Him; and that, by being consecrated to his service, they may be quickened by his Spirit, and nourished by his Word. Betsey Ami Hollingsworth, Hancock, Mass.