DEATH What is it, bat the gateway to Life? And we know not how many similar changes the Spirit must pass in the journey of Eternal progression. And though the sense of sight may, for the time, be closed to the presence of our friends, yet, have we not others which may be employed in its absence ? Hearing and consciousness are as active in darkness as in light, and frequently form the only means of communication, as in cases of total blindness, and utter darkness. What is it, then, but the effort of the spirit striving to make its presence known through accessible means. By such means I claim to have received the following lines from the Spirit of Elder Jonas Nutting, who deceased at Shirley, August 26, 1873, being thrown from a carriage and almost instantly killed: SWEET REST. Adieu to Earth! By Angel wings Upborne, I seek my rest: For me its pains have lost their stings; Its pleasures all their jest. The brittle thread which held me here, So rudely snapt in twain, Was not the cord I prized most dear, Or wished to long retain. My spirit feels not one regret, That thus I'm called away; Or that my sun on earth has set, To rise in realms of day. No sever'd ties of Gospel friends The heart need ever know, Love's cable to that world extends, Where joyfully I go. Though you, ray friends, who tarry still, May miss an absent face, And look in vain for one to fill, On earth, a vacant place ; I know that God will guard his own, And, with his strong right arm, Until his will can be made known, Shield you from every harm. Place not your trust in mortal power, Nor yield to grim despair ; Should this but prove your darkest hour, Your sky will soon be fair. Let Hope not droop her wings too low, Nor Faith resign control; These clouds will silver linings show, And vanish like a scroll. With you I 've prayed that Truth extend, And flood the earth with light; I still shall labor to that end, Unceasingly with might; Still of your burdens bear a part: My soul cannot divest Of that which lies so near my heart; Inaction is not rest. The path of Progress now I see Is all illumed ahead ; For every one the path is free : Here still, my feet shall tread. The seeds we sow in earthly life, With fruitage here are blest, And those who never yield the strife, Are those who' find Sweet Beat. Harvard, August 31,1873. A. E. PERSONS