RULING SPIRIT OF THE AGE The ardent, youthful mind, full of thought and life, is more apt to glance hastily, and take particular views of the future, than to reason dispassionately. The imaginary idea of freedom controls, and any power which holds, restrains, and admonishes, is galling to it. Insubordination to parents and guardians is the ruling spirit among youth and children of the present day. They complain that the sphere allotted them to move in is too limited and narrow; and they feel anxious to throw off all restraint, and even to forsake the watchful care of guardian friends, which would form for them a covert from the rude storms of life. Thus, they soon become independent, and are unwilling to receive instruction from those who are self-governed, and are older and wiser than themselves. And this element seems to pervade all ages, classes, and conditions in society, from the small child's-play circles, to civil conventions, and the council halls of the nation. In passing through the streets of our large cities, and even country villages, how often we see the little trotter just able to articulate the alphabet instinctively manifest a restless, dissatisfied feeling — a reaching after something it does not possess. I want this — I want that ; and if the want is indulged, it soon grows into — I will have it — 1 cannot, will not do without it! This persistent spirit grows so strong, that it is their constant life attendant; and to have the propensity desire indulged, is the one great object of their lives; and how to remove every obstacle that would obstruct the course of their wild, unsubdued passions, becomes their chief study. This is often carried to such an extent, that, if parents stand in the way, they wish that themselves, or their parents, were dead, or could be annihilated, and be out of the way, so that they could do as thejr please. And many from this cause commit parricide outright; while others, by their reckless, unsubdued course of action, bring their parents to a premature grave. The germs of this spirit are in every human heart. In the poorer and more ignorant classes, it manifests itself in grosser forms; the more refined and educated, and the more respectable the parentage, the more subtle it works, and the more it is glossed over. Many parents neglect the early training of their children; and, when the golden moment is passed, and it is too late to restrain them, and throw a protective influence around them, then they feel sorrow, and their hearts are pained when they feel their ingratitude and want of appreciation. And parents, failing in every attempt to induce them to accept of proffered instruction from them, turn to Be- Meiers for help, and ask their fostering care — their moral and spiritual influence — in behalf of their children. When Believers are moved, through feelings of charity, and a sense of the worth of immortal souls, to take children under their especial charge, and become their guardians, they suffer for them as the natural parent is not capable of doing; they grieve selfishly because he, or she, is their own offspring ; their love is partial. But love that is grounded in truth, in God, is unselfish and universal in its nature, and flows to humanity at large. This is the love that Shakers claim to possess. And, inasmuch as they have this love to rule their course of action, they become spiritual parents to souls, and suffer for them in spirit, as Christ suffered for his flock. In faith and hope they toil and spend their lives for others; and their constant prayer is, that a soul-saving baptism may fall mercifully upon the hearts of the young to subdue and bring all their thoughts and feelings into subiection to the law of Christ — the power of love. As spiritual guardians, they keep a diligent watch, and strive to be as Angel guides to them on the journey of life, and to save them from the destructive elements of their perverted natures ; thus, in self-abnegation and soul-suffering, they give their lives fo*r others. Some parents realize this in a degree, when they seek to place their children with Be- lievers, and feel confident that they will receive a higher and more spiritual discipline than themselves are able to give, and that thereby their children will be saved from im- pending ruin. But, at the present time, the self-willed, insubordinate spirit is so rife that it cannot be quelled by merely living with God's people. There must be a spiritual bap- tism of Divine power that will enable them to practise self-denial, and to accept counsel and admonition from those who are capable of giving it. Many hearts have been wounded by the ruthless inattention of some of the junior class, for they have returned ' cursing for blessing.' While consecrated souls have watched and toiled, and fasted and prayed for them, they, in return, have rendered ingratitude. But the labor spent on such unprepared material will not be lost; it will have its effect; no good deed will ever be lost; but will be gathered by higher intelligences into the great store-house of truth, as gifts for those who are prepared to receive them with grateful hearts. Yet the aged, as well as the middle-aged, have often felt sad to see their best efforts slighted. They have toiled with unselfish devotion to prepare a home for the rising generation, and for all who may be called into the spiritual work of God, to consecrate their all to honor Him, and serve their brethren and sisters of the household of faith, in love, and to do good unto all mankind as opportunity serveth. We rejoice to say that there are some who can and do appreciate the blessing of the protection and care which they find in their Zion home; and they honor, love and bless the aged who have spent their lives in doing good; and they delight to show kindness and bestow affection upon them, by attention to all their wants, and will never be guilty of wishing them away. My heart is glad when I can alleviate the feelings of those who are older than myself. The aged in Zion are my blessing. They have beautified my home, and have caused me to become established in the truth, and to feel the importance of true life-deeds. And I know that their greatest joy and comfort is to see the youth in Zion love and appreciate their Gospel home, and the laws which are necessary to guard all within its precincts; so that their ' hopes may not melt as the winter's gray frost, or run away as unprofitable water.' Charlotte Byrdsall, Mt. Lebanon