INFIDELS VERSUS CHRISTIANS There is nothing more common than for infidels and liberalists to be held up by the clergy and members of the church as the vilest of the vile, and to be denounced in unmeasured terms as bad and dangerous men. This, to say the least, is extremely unjust. It is quite possi- ble that some infidels may have been unworthy men; but, so far as our observation has ex- tended, we have found them to be good moral citizens, well and peaceably disposed, honest in their dealings, upright in their intercourse with their fellow-men, and as freely disposed to open their purse to the call of the needy as any other class of men. Many of the first minds and best men of our country were infidels. Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Jefferson, George Washington (so claimed by Jefferson), John Adams, Ethan Allen, Thomas Paine, and many others of the cotemporaries of their times, belonged to this class. In our own times we will mention the name of the great and good Lincoln, whose heart was singularly ingenuous and free from guile — the emancipator of 4,000,000 slaves, and the author of the noble sentiment, ' Charity for all, and malice toward none ' — he was an infidel. In the same category may be ranked Humboldt, Combe, Darwin, Huxley, Buckle, Froude, Tyndall, Grote, Weisse, Lechey, Spencer, Stuart Mill, Bismarck, Liebig, Bradlaugh, Garrison, Philips, Emerson, Knee]and, Parker, Sumner, Con way, and a host of other brilliant minds in the walks of science, statesmanship, letters, and theology. These men are distinguished not only for their science and education, but for the morality and purity of their lives. To say the least, they will compare favorably with the clergy of the day, who seem to be quite as full of infirmities and fallibilities as any class of men we have. A friend of ours has kept an account of the members of the clergy who, within the last twenty years, have been ar- raigned before the courts of the country and their own churches for crimes and misdemea- nors, and that number has already reached over fifteen hundred. And more than half the piccadillos are never brought to the light, but are ' hushed up' for the good of the cause, and to save disgrace to the church. It was recently admitted by a divine in this vicinity that the clergy were as well represented in our penitentiaries and State prisons, in proportion to their numbers, as any class of the community ; while it is seldom that an infidel is found there. It is reported that in the State prison at Auburn, New York, there are twenty members of the clergy confined for the crimes they committed. Are these indeed not a pretty class of men to cry out against the immorality of infidels ? — Truth Seeker.