SANITARY INFLUENCE OF SUNLIGHT The importance of sunlight as a curative agent is not sufficiently appreciated. Sir James Wylie, late physician to the Emperor of Russia, made a careful study of the effect of light as a curative agent in the hospital of St. Petersburg. He discovered that the number of patients, cured in roonis properly lighted, was four times as great as it was when they were confined in dark rooms. This led to a complete reform in lighting the hospitals of Russia, and was attended with the most beneficial results. In cities visited by the cholera, it has been found that the greatest mortality has taken place in narrow streets, and on the sides of those having a northern exposure where the rays of the sun are excluded. The inhabitants of the southern slopes of mountains are better developed and more healthy than those who live on the northern sides. The inhabitants of secluded valleys are often subject to peculiar diseases and personal deformities, partly caused, probably, by the want of direct sunlight. So far has faith in the efficacy of sunlight been carried, that its advocates have proposed to build sanitariums of glass on the upper stories of houses, where patients, divested of clothing, can take daily sun-baths. One reason given for the decrease of population in the Sandwich Islands, is the adoption of civilized habits, and the unhealthf ul restraint of clothing upon the limbs accustomed to light and air. Great improvement can be made in ordinary practice without carrying the remedy to extremes. The most sunny and light part of the house should be occupied by the household, instead of being kept for occasional guests. Persons should sit at the windows where the sunshine comes directly upon them and all the sunshine and air possible should be admitted within doors. Instead of this, heavy draperies, shades, shutters and blinds shut out the life-giving influence. Reception rooms even in these enlightened days, are oftentimes kept so dark you cannot see where you stand ; and as you enter them from the warm sunlight, the close damp air sends a chill through your whole frame, which has, doubtless, by a sudden check of perspiration been the cause of much illness, and the loss of many valuable lives. This is especially the case at this season of the year. The mornings and evenings are chilly, and the doors and windows, after the morning airing, are kept tightly closed to keep out flies and mosquitoes, while the dwellers sit wrapped in shawls in their gaudy and stately prisons. A little pains-taking will obviate these troubles. Almost all houses, imperatively those shaded by trees, need a little fire at morning and evening. It will make trouble and dust, but that will be of no consideration. Then let the draperies be taken down, and open blinds and windows to let in the sanitary sunshine. Protect the windows with screens of lace or wire, to keep out the troublesome pests that are the bane of the careful housekeeper, and let in the priceless wealth of pure air. Let the carpets fade and the upholstery grow dim. Nothing should be too costly for careful use; of what consequence is furniture, when health and life are weighed in the other scale ? We know of deluded individuals who sit all through the summer days in darkened rooms, where plants would either die or lose entirely their green color. We know of houses that send a chill through you like being in a cellar, when you cross the threshold. We know also of sunny homes, where sunlight and fresh air play through the spacious halls, where the windows are thrown open to all healthful influence, and where, on chilly mornings and evenings, provision is made for that blessed influence, an open fire, cheerful, mirth-provoking, and healthful sunlight and pure air. It is said that during one day's healthful existence, sixty hogsheads of pure air should enter the human lungs. It would be an interesting problem to find out what proportion of the inhabitants of this city obtain the quota of pure oxygen necessary for keeping the lungs in the most healthful condition.