ENGLISH LETTER Mount Lebanon, Columbia Co. N. Y. IT. S. A. October 8th, 1873. Ellen Brown : Last Sabbath afternoon, my dear Mother, I got ruminating. Said I to myself, ' By this time your mother has probably received the ' Shaker and ShaJceress,' which will enable her to make a pretty shrewd guess how the land lies. But, not being a Yankee, she is not much given to 'guessing.' Write, therefore, and tell her plainly where you are, and what you are doing.' After some little thought, I concluded to tell you briefly ' what I have found amongst Be- lievers.' Accordingly I drew up, and then reduced to shape, the inclosed MS. Read it, and you will see that a Free-thinker, a Spiritualist, a mourner over the fearful evils ex- isting in society — War and Bloodshed, Capital Punishment, Slavery in all its forms, Poverty, Prostitution—a Communist, a Republican, a Woman's Rights advocate, a Truthlover ! — and all this you well know me to be — will necessarily find amongst the Shakers much that is congenial. I have not included Hygiene and Vegetarianism in the list, because these are not yet incorporated into the Society, although beyond all doubt they are destined some day to become so. But in our Family there are quite a number of vegetarians, and I enjoy the privilege, which I dearly prize, of eating at a table bounteously spread with good nourishing food, but unpolluted with the products of the shambles in any shape or form. Elder Frederick, the chief of our Family and Order, a leading spirit of the Society, and a man of grand and advanced ideas, has been a vegetarian for forty years. He is also fully alive to the truths of Hygiene, and the evil and absurdity of drug-medication. Are you surprised that I find myself at home here ? I bless my home, and am child enough to acknowledge, a deep attachment to it, and for the beautiful souls in whose company I am privileged to dwell. My prayer is that I may, through labor and earnest effort, become worthy of the love of those who call me by the endearing name of 'Brother.' PS. Thank you very much for' the ' Westminster' and the 'Illustrated.' Perhaps you will occasionally remember me in that way. A copy of the ' Daily News' also came to hand yesterday. Am glad to hear you still receive the ' Laws of Life.' I renewed your subscription last March. I have also placed your name upon the subscription list of the ' SJiaker and Shakeress,' so you will have ample opportunity of studying our views, doctrines, and manners. I trust you and Aunt E. are enjoying comparatively good health. Accept my love. WHAT I HAVE POUND AMONGST BELIEVERS. I — Males and females, of all ages, lodging under one roof, eating at one common table, and — unrestrained by jealous locks, or suspicious bolts and bars, but enjoying free social converse—leading pure, clean, and chaste lives! II — Hatred of cant and hypocrisy. A keen perception of the utter worthlessness and the hollow trumpery of the Doctrines of Orthodoxy, and the wordy nonsense of the prayers, sermons and liomilies thereon constructed. Testimony against the folly of worshiping a Book which shows on every page glaring evidence of error and imperfection, notwithstanding that it does also contain much that is good, true, and beautiful. III — A devotion to Truth in all its phases, scientific, moral, and spiritual. When Religion, for fear of cracking a crystalized creed, carefully avoids the blows of the geologist's hammer, or the testing heat of the chemist's crucible, and, willfully shutting her eyes to well-ascertained facts, denounces science as dangerous and damnable, be sure that such Religion lacks truth, for truth cannot contradict itself. A rational religion does not oppose truth, but embraces it; and, fearless of aught save error and ignorance, is ever ready to welcome fresh discoveries in any field of human inquiry. Such, a religion is Shakerism. IV — Contempt for thrones, scepters, and crowns — not as emblems of authority, for leaders are necessary, and an active, cheerful obedience to just authority a rare but beauteous virtue, but — as emblemm of the abuse of authority, and of tyranny and class-oppression. A testimony against the incestuous union of Churcli and State. A belief in Republicanism as the best form of government for the ' Nat- ural (or Generative) Order,' and the only form of government under which the existence of a ' Spiritual Order ' — true followers of Jesus — is possible. V — Contempt for the idle conventionalities of society, and the senseless worship of Fashion, whose votaries little trouble themselves about the right or wrong, the wisdom or folly, of her imperious behests. VI — An effort to supplant the type of social life prevailing in the world, where unqualified Selfishness rules with a rod of iron, by a system the ruling principle of which is Love, and under which it is ' more blessed to give than to receive.' VII — Testimony against the atrocities of Capital Punishment, Human Slavery in all its forms, War and Bloodshed, Poverty, Prostitution, and the botching and tinkering of crafty class legislation, which, making a great show of grappling with effects, leaves the prolific causes of social evils unchecked, to breed and hatch their brood of miseries. VIII — A knowledge of the world of spirits, of the communion of mortals with immortals, and of present inspiration. IX — The belief that ' salvation ' is gained through individual effort — through spiritual labor. A good life is the best preparation for eternity, and the mere intellectual acceptance of creed, dogma, or doctrine, comparatively unimportant. X — Woman the acknowledged equal of man, and enjoying equal privileges. XI — A cleanliness, neatness, order, sobriety, frugality, industry, charity, and benevolence truly beautiful; and, in some of my more travailed brethren and sisters, a selfcontrol, a spirituality and goodness truly angelic and enrapturing. XII — Lastly, I have found amongst Believers a peaceful, beautiful home; and, through patient cross-bearing and earnest labor, I hope to merit, and inherit, a final home in heaven. Hewson Brown, Mt. Lebanon