DEVOTION AND LOVE I WOULD, says one, deny myself of such and such indulgences, if I thought God would love me any better for it. O brother, remember ' God is Love.' He loves thee well enough already ; but thou dost not sense his love ; thou dost not love Him. Thy heart and affections are on thy idols—thy indulgences. Deny thyself of these, that thou mayest give thy whole heart to God ; not that thou mayest purchase his favor, or hire Him to love thee ; but that thou mayst love Him, and make room in thy heart for the constant sense and enjoyment of his love. ' God so loved the world,' while it lay in darkness and rebellion,' that he gave his wellbeloved Son ' to redeem it. We need not, therefore, think to do something to excite Him to love us ; but may understand, that all our prayers and penances, services and self-denials, are intended to remove the obstacles in ourselves which hinder us from loving Him with all our heart, and our neighbor as ourselves. No forms, ceremonies, or self-denials, are of any service any further than they serve to promote this end ; for ' this is more than all burnt offerings,' is the end of the whole Law, and is the Gospel. Grant, O heavenly Father, that I may fear nothing but sin ; hate nothing but self ; love nothing but Thee and thine ; speak well of all; do good to all, and ill to none. ' Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing ? Yet, not one of them falleth to the ground without your Father. Of how much more value are you than many sparrows V So taught Jesus ; and 0 that I had like precious faith ! O that I fully believed and confided in his word! I then should have habitual and unshaken confidence that all things are under the inspection and control of an infinitely-wise and merciful heavenly Father, and should enter fully and cheerfully into his designs, and be reconciled to all events ; doubting not that ' all things shall work together for good to those who love Him.' I know that the kingdom of heaven must be within me, and there must be the place of thy throne, O God ; and in my spirit must thy worship be celebrated, if ever I become redeemed from the outer darkness of the external world, of empty forms and fleeting shadows. I cannot enter into the inner court—the kingdom of heaven — but 'through great tribulation ;' and, if the hour is come, O righteous Father, give me patience, faith, and fortitude, to endure whatever is necessary for my purification. It requires but little exertion, and, consequently, can be but a small exhibition of virtue, to love those who agree with us in sense and sentiment ; but to cherish real love and affection for those who in their turn are naturally different and very disagreeable to us, requires a mighty effort— a great change in our nature, which affords proof of the attainment of a sublime degree in Divine virtue. To what intent are profound thoughts, depth of mysteries and extent of knowledge, if we are destitute of that simple wisdom which should direct our spirits aright in the little and common occurrences of every day ? O for that watchful, careful, prayerful spirit, which has reference to the will of God in all things, and at all times. R. W. Pelham, Union Village, Ohio