'QUENCH NOT THE SPIRIT.' Among the many injunctions given in Holy Writ, perhaps none are more essential to the growth and spiritual progress of the human soul than the one above quoted. The present tendency of the age (owing to perverted conditions) is downward to the earth, seeking to satisfy desires through the medium of the senses. Thus, from childhood to riper years, unless influenced and guided by a spirit power that is superior to the natural, the mind leaps from one thing to another, in search of pleasure, and rushes down the current of passional emotion, which leads to sensuality and from God. But there is a germ of spirituality in every human being which can be reached and quickened by divine power; and, if the Spirit of Truth, which speaks to the conscience of every intelligent soul, is not quenched, then, by degrees, the thoughts, desires, and affections, will turn to a higher and spiritual life. It is true, that the path which leads to the summit of the hill of redemption is ' straight and narrow,' yet it is beautiful and pleasant, and those who are weary of a worldly life, and sick of its sins, and have commenced to travel in this narrow way, find peace and rest therein. Such find fountains of living waters from which they can drink, and in which they can bathe and cleanse their souls from all sin. And the good Spirit, which we are exhorted not to quench, is ever teaching purity of life, the putting away of foolish imaginations, vain thoughts, idle words, and wicked deeds ; all of which tend to grieve the Holy Spirit. There are many ways by which the Spirit is quenched. If we cast our eyes abroad into society as it now exists, we see that, through trade and traffic, and giving the mind to avarice, the Spirit is quenched. 'The flesh always lusteth against the Spirit,' and would not only quench it, but would kill it. The Spirit of Truth is quickening in its operations, and if we delay when it calls, and wait our own pleasure, giving to the inferior time to gain strength, tJiat also grieves the good Spirit! If Jesus addressed the people of his day as ' a wicked and adulterous generation,' can we not justly apply the same language to the present generation, and ask : Why will ye fill this beautiful earth with violence, bloodshed, and murder, thereby grieving the Holy Spirit, and stifling the sweet voice of conscience ? Conscience, if listened to, would stop the ears from even heaving of bloody wars, and would close the eyes to the follies and vanities of this world; it would check the tongue that would speak evil; stay the hand that would do wrong; and would guide the feet into the highway of purity. God designed that his creature man should be happy, and He has given to him physical, moral, and spiritual laws, to guide and control him in all the acts of life. When those laws are observed, happiness is the result; and, were they all strictly obeyed, heaven would be brought down to earth, and the waste places would be filled and become fruitful fields ; for all would have a right to the soil. Instead of a few green spots here and there, testifying that a new earth and heavens are forming, the whole earth would give evidence that a redeeming power was at work. Instead of sorrow and mourning, joy and gladness would break forth as the noon-day sun, and the sweet song of praise and prayer would reverberate through the heavens ; mercy and truth would meet together, righteousness and peace would kiss each other, and the jubilee, or sabbath of sabbaths, would be multiplied. Already the Spirit is brooding upon the waters, light emanates from the resurection heavens, whence the Angel of conviction will go forth, and, with the torch of truth in hand, will touch the heart that hungers and thirsts after righteousness, awaken the conscience, and kindle therein a fire that can never be quenched. Anna White, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.