DRESS REFORM In the September number of the 'Shaker and ShaJceress,' an article appeared under the head of ' Plain Dressing for Meeting,' by our good sister, H. L. Hastings, of Canterbury, N. H. I wish to express my hearty approval of the sentiments therein contained. Certainly every lover of virtue has a duty to perform in testifying, by word and example, against the per- verted condition of society at the present time; and the prevailing desire for extravagant, fashionable dressing is an unmistakable proof that the hearts of the people are corrupt; for ' out of the abundance ' of their hearts, men and women ' speak ' and act. It is said that women should be ornaments in society. We would ask, Is there a sensible man, or woman, who really thinks that the huge pile of stuff, called hair, worn upon the heads of women, is either healthy or ornamental? And the high crown hats, loaded with artificial and superficial trimmings, do they make woman beautiful and cause her to ornament society? The hitch-ups on their dresses, with the protruding bumps, and overlengthy skirts, dragging around in the dirt, are they ornaments, or a manifestation of good common sense ? If some men consume two or three dollars worth of cigars in a day, and chew the vile weed until their systems are saturated with the poisonous j uice, and then fill their stomachs with alcoholic drinks; women ought not to complain, so long as they indulge in such ex- travagance in jewelry and other useless appendages. They who give their attention so much to the exterior are sure to neglect the mind which needs to receive proper and healthful food ; they do not remember that the ' beautiful lives in the depths of the soul.' If woman better understood her true position, she would scorn the idea of being a mere ornament in society, to be flattered and admired. She would feel that she has powers and faculties that were given to her for use, and that it is her right and duty to exercise those powers for the elevation of the race. But Fashion sways her scepter over all classes, from the queen's palace to the humble peasant's cottage, and the people wander after that great goddess, and pay homage at her shrine. There are many persons who see the evil that results from following the fashions of the day, and they feel the bondage thereof, but have not the courage to assert their freedom ; they fear the prudery of the scornful, who would place a mark upon them. But may we not hope that, ere long, some women from influential circles will have the true moral fortitude to come forth, and, upon an independent platform, inaugurate a new dress reform, and attire their own persons in a plain, modest, healthful, and convenient style, and set an example worthy of imitation ? If such a reform were started by some who are wealthy and popular, it would effect a greater change in, and give more relief to, society than all that can be said or written upon the subject. For they who practically adopt whatever is true and just in a physical or spiritual point of view, will accomplish the greatest amount of good to themselves and others ; and are worthy to be called Reformers. Betsey Johnson, Tyringham, Mass.