SHAKERESS: WORDS FITLY SPOKEN A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS How shall words be so fitly spoken, that they will be as ' apples of gold ? ' To whom should we look for words so virtuous and true, and so appropriately spoken, that they will convey spirit and life to the hearers ? If the answer be, Look to the spiritual teachers and learned divines of our day, then we again ask, ' If all the words spoken for the space of one year, by professed ministers of the Gospel of Christ throughout the civilized world, should be gathered and printed in one great volume, how much of the quickening Spirit of Truth, that would lead souls to repent of sin and wrong doing, and to a practical life of holiness, would it contain ? ' Who is able to compute the number of churches in Christendom— their cost — and the annual stipends of the hired priests who occupy the pulpits of those costly edifices, and to define how much of that great expenditure is either directly or indirectly wrung from the hard earnings of the poorer classes of honest laborers, who, perhaps, would not be allowed a seat in some of those fashionable temples ? Texts from the Old, and what are called New, Scriptures, are selected by the professed lights of the world, to prove the diversified tenets of the numerous sects in Christendom, which is now full of names, and all profess to believe in Jesus; though but few have the audacity to claim that they really follow him; for, in this enlightened age, they know that war, generation, and individualism in form of private property, belong to the old Adamic order, and not to the New Dispensation which Jesus Christ came to inaugurate, the principles of which he illustrated and exhibited in his self denying life. Whatever the differences of opinion may be which divide the (so-called) Christian sects into many classes, in practical life they are so much a unit, that one plea answers for nearly all of them; that is, We are mortal—finite; he was God — Infinite. It is said that ' the letter killeth, but the Spirit giveth life.' Many, at the present time, consider that the Scriptures written anterior to the four Evangelists — Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John — are a dead letter now; that they were only applicable to the followers of Moses, and that we have outgrown them. Again, we would ask, Have not the Scriptures which were written by the Evangelists and Apostles of Jesus Christ, been so weakened by translations, and so corrupted through the vain and false interpretations of the clergy (who, with smooth and pleasing words, seek to allure and charm, having a far greater desire to fleece than to feed the flock over which they preside), that the people of this generation need to be revisited by a spirit, or spirits, from the Christ heavens ; and, by the same inspirational power, receive a new and clean revelation — a newer testament — containing the will of God that will meet the conditions of the present age 1 The Shakers find oil and wine in all Scriptures written by true inspiration, in every age, and in different nations ; and also find that they are profitable to the man and woman of God, who are willing to be reproved, corrected, and instructed by them, regardless of individual sacrifices which they may require. And yet there is no people who pray more fervently for new openings of Divine truth, and for the living Word, that is ' Spirit and life ' — which no book can contain, however sacred it may be — than do the Shakers. Their earnest cry is, ' Lord, give us this day the living bread which cometh from the resurrection heavens ! Baptize and rebaptize us with power from on high! Fill us with a Divine afflatus that will energize the whole being anew.' When under such inspirational power, words will be spoken so good and true, that, in value, they may well be compared to ' apples ' or nuggets, ' of gold, in basins of silver.' How can any one ever attain to that condition while seeking pleasure through the medium of the outward senses, and in the gratification of animal desires ? If the heart is void of true purity and practical goodness, it cannot minister to others what itself does not possess. Men (and women too) may speak as with the tongues of angels; but, if their words are unattested by the seal of Christianity, which is to ' depart from all iniquity,' they will be but empty sounds ; while words proceeding from a pure heart, though simple in style, will be fraught with power, beauty, and grace. A noble life is made up of noble deeds ; it does not consist of many words, or length of years. The external is a reflex of the internal, and like produces like in kind. Many are anxiously inquiring, Whither are the nations of the earth drifting at the present time 1 for the social, moral and spiritual conditions of the people are fearful! We answer, Nothing short of a power that is stronger, purer, and more just than men, can stay the tide of iniquity that threatens to deluge the land and carry the nations back to barbarism, or annihilation.