SIGNS Jesus upbraided the Jews, who could foretell the weather by the face of the sky, for not discerning the time of their visitation. By this we learn that the signs of the work of God are as plainly visible to those who are rightly exercised, as are the signs of the weather. Signs have their purpose, and, if truly interpreted, may lead to conviction, strengthen faith, and awaken those who have not entered the real work, where internal evidence exceeds all other. As ' the kingdom of heaven cometh not with outward show,' but increases gradually from a small beginning, like the growth of 'a grain of mustard seed,' the predictions relating to that event cannot be fulfilled all at one time, but must occur in succession, as the work unfolds. When Jesus was about to be separated from his disciples, he said to them, ' The world seeth me no more, but ye see me.' Consequently, after his resurrection, though 'he shewed himself openly, yet (it was) not to all people, but unto witnesses, chosen before, of God.' Only disciples saw his ascent; and only those who believed their testimony could ever know the fact. If he comes in like manner, it must be in the presence of witnesses, prepared and chosen of God; and though every eye shall see him ere this dispensation closes, it cannot be with carnal, but with spiritual sight, if it so be that ' the world seeth ' him no more. Witness is in Greek, martys or martyr, and signifies ' one who gives testimony to the Truth at the expense of his life.' Such, at least, were the witnesses of Christ's first appearing; they gave testimony to the truth at the expense of their physical lives. The true witnesses of Christ's second appearing, bear testimony to the truth now revealed, at the expense of their carnal or generative lives. The former is a significant type of the latter. We read in Revelation that, after the resur- rection of the witnesses of Christ, ' they heard a great voice from heaven saying unto them, Come up hither, and they ascended up to heaven in a cloud.' The testimony of the witnesses slain proceeded from the dispensation of Christ's first appearing. The resurrected witnesses began to catch the inspiration of the gleaming future, which was the voice they heard from heaven. The first Quakers, about the middle of the seventeenth century, began to prophesy the approaching end of the kingdom of the beast, and the extinction of all the corrupt systems and false professions of Christianity then existing, because the coming of Christ to judge the world in righteousness, and to set up on earth his everlasting kingdom, was near at hand. This testimony was revived with increasing power in the French prophets, who arose in 1688, in the south-east part of France (the same districts where, 450 years previously, the Albigenses, a numerous sect of non-resistants, were extirpated by spoil, banishment, and murder, a million at once, by their pretended Christian neighbors.— Jones' Church History). In 1706, a few of them spread their testimony in England, where they had taken refuge, and it culminated in the society of James and Jane Wardley. With these Mother Ann united in 1758, and there received the baptism of the Holy Spirit, which constituted her the second Eve. Mother Ann, and after her, Father William Lee, and Father James Whittaker, came forth with the testimony that Christ had appeared the second time to put an end to sin and bring in everlasting salvation, and they were his witnesses. Many received their testimony and became witnesses in turn. This testimony continued, with increasing evidence and power, until the Church of Believers was progressively organized and established between 1787 and 1792, under the ministration of Joseph Meacham and Lucy Wright, upon the principle of a united and consecrated interest in all things. Here was a gradual ascent of the witnesses, until the second Gospel Temple, or visible order of the kingdom of heaven was established in a heavenly cloud, or multitude of witnesses, in an order and power above the generative plane of the earthly man. ' And their enemies beheld them,' because their order was visible to men on earth. But they could do them no harm, because the persecuting dragon was bound by the ' great chain' of events and liberal principles that inspired the patriots of the American Revolution, and by the institution of the U. S. Government, which secured rational liberty and freedom of conscience for the first time in the history of man. The Government under the present Constitution of these U. S. first went into operation while the Church ot Christ's second appearing was undergoing organization. An event of such importance SBCA-KEIl J±NT&gt; 8HAKEEE8S. 83 to the interests of humanity, and planted as a seed in the vital elements of this world, to effect the final overthrow of all false systems, did not take place without the latter showing symptoms of their decreed destiny, described by the spirit of prophecy as follows : ' And the same hour was there a great earthquake (concussion or shaking — meaning civil com- motions), and the tenth part of the city fell ; and in the earthquake were slain of men (sects) seven thousand, and the remnant were affrighted, and gave glory to the God of heaven.' France was one of the ten kingdoms into which the Roman empire was divided, con- stituting the toes of the image described in Daniel. It therefore formed a tenth part of 'the city' — mystic Babylon. The Trench monarch, for his zeal in support of the Roman Catholic religion, was styled ' the eldest son of the Church.' In July, 1789, the French revolution was inaugurated by the oppressed citizens destroying the Bastile, a stronghold of kingly tyranny. In the year that the Church of Christ's second appearing was fully established in order, 1792, the French National Assembly abolished the monarchical form of government in France, and declared a republic; and the same year commenced a series of sanguinary wars, that convulsed Europe with terrible shaking. The clergy and nobility, ' men of name' —i. e., titled dignitaries, were slain like so many cattle ; and the order of nobility was abolished. The Sabbath, and all the signs and symbols of the Christian religion, were also abolished, and a revolutionary tribunal established, which inaugurated a 'reign of terror.' Thus 'the tenth part of the city fell' from priestly influence. And though the people were frightened by such a riot of blood, and again resorted to their temples for religious worship; and though a part of them vainly wished to restore the former things of the ancient rule; and though Napoleon, the most conspicuous actor of the time, attempted to build again the things he had destroyed, and thereby became a transgressor against the providential work he was raised up to perform (which occasioned his fall), the shaking continues ; and France will continue falling until, by the es- tablishment among her people of free and liberal institutions, under a Republican Gov- ernment, guaranteeing the just, civil and religious rights of man, that nation is prepared to receive the mission of the 'Angel flying in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting Gospel to preach to them that dwell on the earth,' by whom 'the remnant' will be taught to give glory to G-od, by ceasing to do evil, and learning to do well. May God in his mercy hasten the day. Observe, this is the first time any judgment is represented as causing men to repent so as to give glory to God. Therefore it is evident that a greater work of God is to take place from this period hence, than ever took place before, through which all men will be compelled to acknowledge the hand of God, even if it be as with the magicians of Egypt. Alonzo Hollister, Mt. Lebanon