BREAD Bread is called the ' staff of life.' Its importance in dieting cannot be over-estimated. The bread of a people determines largely the character of that people. First. Of what material shall the bread be composed ? Potatoes principally, are the bread of the Irish, at home. It has this good quality: it is not separated part from part in the process of preparation. This used to be the case writh Indian corn and rye. The Americans have been termed a toothless, dyspeptic nation. They might be termed a physic-taking nation, as, instead of ' throwing that article to the dogs,' it is adopted as food, by the nation at large, and taken daily. This is no more wonderful than it is horrible. Is the American superfine bolted flour the primary cause of national dyspepsia, and also of the loss of teeth ? or must we look to other sources for the origin of these national evils ? That the teeth are lost, first, from want of use ; and second, from the condition of the stomach, or rather, the 'digestive tube,' would be generally admitted by physiologists and dentists. The people have never progressed beyond the condition of children, as to their food; it is fluid and pap all the way through. Potatoes are either mashed or fried. Wheat is ground to death, and then quickened into life with yeast, and that again is neutralized with pot-ash, under different names and forms of preparation, which leave it as they found it, pot-ash; whose nature it is to decompose animal tissue, and to disintegrate bones and teeth. Kottenness enters into the skeleton, or frame-work of all those who use it, and by it the functions of the inside skin are rendered quiescent. Again. After the wheat (which of all food contains all the properties, and in the proportions, of the component elements of the body) has been ' killed ' in grinding, these elements are separated, and some of the most essential are thrown away entirely ; the remainder is made into enervating, constipating, dyspepsia- creating, superfine white bread: the tables — a blessing — turned into a curse. And, inas- much as bread is an article of universal use, so are the evil effects of the use of unphysi- 82 ological bread universal, creating a dyspeptic, toothless nation. It is only the constant infusion of foreign blood that continues the present race of native Americans. Dr. Allen thinks a hundred years would terminate the pure Yankee race, if left with all its tendencies to itself, and he attributes this mainly to the use of white bread. Wheat should be used in whole, and ground coarse. How coarse would be the best for ten thousand persons is an unsolved problem. Taking as data, the history of man before 'the mills ground so exceedingly fine,' we may logically conclude, that, with good teeth, the whole wheat, as eaten by Jesus and his Apostles, could be safely used. After that, all de- grees, down to the size of manna (coriander seed) is admissible, and nothing finer than that, as bread, should be eaten by human beings. That the inside skin requires friction to keep it thick, active and clean, there can be no doubt, from the facts within our reach. Grapes are said, by Dr. Rose, to never injure the eater even when taken in the most absurd quantities, as proved by the people of California, and confirmed in his own personal experience. The seed of the grape is whole. Currants, in our own clime, are nearly as innoxious as the grape in its proper home. Here again is the seed, which is probably very seldom broken by the teeth. Before Graham bread became popular, mustard seed was a common specific for dyspepsia, but to its coarseness was not the curative property credited. All forms of berries owe their healthfulness to the same cause — the seed. Thus does nature teach, and thus are we slow to learn, that no flour should be ground so fine that the teeth have no office left them to perform, and they drop out for want of exercise; and the inside skin would not be inert and cloggy with mucous ; and indigestion, with its mental phenomena, would be as rare in America as it is in Ireland, with its potato ; Scotland, with its oatmeal; Germany, with its cabbage, or in England with its good, strong common sense, as applied to diet, dress, and exercise, by the mothers of the people, beginning with the Queen, who, during some part of her reign, prohibited absolutely the whole royal household from using a single loaf of bread made from superfine ground and bolted wheat flour — white bread.