ELEVATION BY REFORMATION That a general reformation or transformation is needed, to better the condition of the hu- man race, few will deny; but to define when and how it shall be accomplished, seems to be a difficult task. There are many wise men and women who can discern the face of the sky, and tell from outward signs what the weather indications are, with far greater precision than in the days of Jesus. Progress in natural science has effected much in this direction; but, where shall we find minds so spiritually progressed that they can foretell, with equal clearness, the great changes that await humanity, in a moral and spiritual point of view; when the love of right and justice, and not policy and pleasure, will bear rule ? The cruel tyrant, Fashion, has assumed large proportions, and false delicacy sways the scepter over multitudes at the present time ; and, while physical laws are disregarded — the law of chastity violated — the comfort and ease of individuals are sacrificed to the monster Fashion, who holds them in her grasp ; and many, who should retain and show forth the image of the Creator, are dwarfed and compressed into wasp-like forms. While those things absorb the attention, and continue to claim the affections of females, there will be but little hope of radical reform. But, when Woman shall have religious conviction, and moral courage enough to throw off the yoke of bondage, which now holds her in slavish fear of the opinions of others, and will come forth and occupy her proper sphere, then she will be an instrument in the hands of angels, to work for the emancipation of man from every form of slavery — from the power of tobacco and alcoholic drinks; and to turn his feet from brothels, and help him to regard natural law. Then may we hope that infanticide will flee the land; and that children will be born and reared under healthful, moral influences. Then many hearts that 86 SHA.KER AND have grown old with sorrow, because of the degeneracy of the people, will be rejuvenated, and a new era will commence in the Christian world. Then we may look for the waste places in Zion to be filled with honest souls, who will gladly leave the world for the treasures of the Gospel. Those who honor God, He will honor! And our prayer is, Speed the day, O King and Queen of Righteousness, when the nations of the earth shall know and do thy will! May living truth extend from pole to pole; and may many souls bow to its scepter of peace and love, and learn to live to God, and die to sin. Rosie Morse, Shirley, Mass.