THE TEETH Every organ of the body needs its proper attention and exercise, in order to attain to per- fect natural development and retain the powers and the healthful conditions necessary for the performance of its duties. The teeth are more subject to neglect in that respect than any thing else, perhaps; and the sufferings, consequent upon such negligence, are very great; the expenses for alleviating those pains, by removing their causes, and then pro- curing artificial substitutes for the extracted natural teeth, are also considerable. Yet all these evils can be avoided. In some of the northern countries of Europe, it is a comparatively-rare occurrence to meet persons who have lost their teeth, except when quite aged; and the reasons for that are the superior dietetic habits of the people, by which sufficient exercise is afforded those organs. The bread that is most generally used, is somewhat peculiar. It is made of unbolted rye flour, formed into large, round cakes, of various thicknesses, with a hole made through them, by which they can be hung up to dry after they have been baked. When all the moisture contained in them has evaporated, they become hard and very brittle, if they have been properly made. If not, then they are hard and only hard ; in that case they are horrible to meet with, especially for a person who is not accustomed to them. But there is none in those countries who is so unfortunate. That bread is eaten at all tables in connection with other food, and the benefits resulting therefrom, are easily seen. It necessitates slow eating and thorough mastication, and would be, a most excellent thing for Americans, who are in the habit of bolting their food in five or ten minutes, and then run to the doctor to complain of indigestion, or to the druggist for some pills. It would be much better if they would stay at the table at least half an hour, and attend to their digestion themselves, by eating proper things in a proper manner. This would also give the doctors and druggists an opportunity of earning their livelihood by some kind of honest work. Emil Bretzner, Mt. Lebanon