PARABLE OF THE TALENTS This important subject has often engaged my attention, and made a deep and lasting im- pression upon my mind; for God is the Giver of all good, and we are his servants, who, in various ways have received abilities that will fit us for the duties of life which we are to perform ; and it should be our highest aim to make a wise and prudent use of all those fac- ulties with which we are endowed; and we should likewise consider that these faculties, or talents, are given us on trust, and that we are accountable to the Giver for the improve- ment we make of them. The following parable or metaphor is designed to meet our con- dition, and teach us to improve, increase, and faithfully acquit ourselves of this probationary charge. • The Savior said: ' The kingdom of heaven is as a man traveling into a far country, who called his servants and delivered unto them his goods. To one was given five talents, to another two, and to another one ; to every one according to his several abilities. And he that received five went and traded with them, and gained other five. He that received two gained other two. But he that received one went and digged in the earth and hid his lord's money. After a time, the lord came and reckoned with the servants. So he that received five talents, brought other five talents, and received the reward, etc. He also that received two, gained other two, and was likewise called a good and faithful servant. He that received the one talent came before his lord with accusations, saying, I knew that thou art a hard man, reaping where thou hast not sown ; and he hid the talent in the earth, and said, Lo, there thou hast that is thine.' Now, what is this one talent which some unwisely have hidden in the earth ? All mankind were created with a physical body, of earth, and a spiritual body or soul, which is also subject to death by sin ; and into this body was breathed soul-life, or spirit. This one talent may be hidden, or lost in the earthly nature, and the soul left destitute, by neglecting to use this living spirit, and thus double its capacity ; for it should increase, and progress in spiritual light and knowledge, and have a continual inspiration of the Spirit of God. The very life our souls should have is the spirit life and element for its director ; or it is but earthly, and buried in the constant cares for the body. O how inconsistent it is to murmur, and return to the Giver nothing but the one talent, saying, Here I am, even as I was created; take the soul, it is thine. In this way, the power to co-operate with the spirit life is destroyed, and the faculty to cultivate and improve the situation is thrown away. We have received abilities equal to the service expected ; but, if we are idle, and do not increase the spiritual life of the soul, the Giver will recall the desire, or even the power to double its value, as the Savior said, ' Take, therefore, the talent from him, and give it to the one that hath ten.' He was industrious, and energized his soul; for every one that works, shall have abundance in spiritual things, as well as earthly substance. But the unprofitable servant Avas cast into outer darkness, where there was ' weeping and gnashing of teeth.' But it was said to them that doubled the gift, ' Well done, thou good and faithful servant, thou hast been faithful over a few things, and I will make thee ruler over many ; enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.' Rhoda Blake, Mt. Lebanon