OBITUARY In looking over the obituary notices in the ' Shaker and Shakeress ' of 1873, up to Octo- ber, we find the names of a large number recorded, who have been as bright stars in Zion, to illumine her spiritual horizon, whose light, to the external perception, has now gone out; but through faith we behold them shining with increased brilliancy in purer, brighter spheres. The majority of them lived to a ripe age; yet, how much they are missed from our circles ! Each Family and Society had learned to love, and appreciate them for their Avorks' sake; they knew their worth, and have felt their loss. It has not been customary for Believers to eulogize, by word, their dear departed Gospel friends to any great extent; but rather strive to profit by their godly lives and teachings, and to have their bright examples shine upon our pathway, and light our course heavenward, that we may know how to walk in their footsteps and follow them, as they have followed Christ. We are certain that a biographical account of many of those worthy saints who have been harvested from earth, and gathered to their spirit home, would be very interesting and satisfactory to Believers who have known them personally, or by reputation; and, had we inserted all the love tokens in the columns of the ' Shaker and Shakeress' that have been sent to us by surviving friends, they would have occupied a large space. We have loved and admired the feelings which prompted such beautiful and affectionate tributes to the memory of dear departed ones ; and would gladly have gratified the wishes of each contributor in publishing them, as well as to have satisfied the feelings of many of the readers of our little sheet by so doing, had it been practicable. But the lives of Believers in Christ's second appearing are so veiled from the outside world, that they seldom know one Shaker from another; except, perhaps, in the vicinity, or in the adjacent towns they may be known to neighbors and friends. As they take no part in politics, they have no political record to present; nor do they imbrue their hands in the blood of their fellow men, believing that Christians cannot, will not, fight. Hence the warrior's fame and glory (such as it is) does not rest upon them; and, having forsaken the natural, generative order of marriage, for the higher— the angelic — Christian order and life, it may be said of them as it was said of Jesus: 'Who shall declare his generation?' Like him, the Shakers have none. Seeing we differ so widely from worldly Christians, upon all of those essential points, how could we make up lengthy obituary notices of our brethren and sisters that would be edifying and interesting to subscribers in the outside order, who know nothing of the individuals of whom we are speaking, however illustrious their lives may have been to us? Our worthy sister Abigail Munson, who attained to the age of 102 (lacking a few days), how much might have been said of her good deeds, her godly example, and great worth, by those who knew her best. We received an obituary on the demise of Elder J. R. Eades, which occurred at South Union, Ky., August 27, which was written in a beautiful spirit, by sister Jane Cowan of the same place, descriptive of his moral worth — his spiritual attainments — his consecrated life, and devotion to truth ; and how much he was beloved by the little flock, of which he had been a faithful leader many years, and how deeply they felt his loss! We also received a poem upon the same subject written by Sister Lucy Shannon; all showing how they loved him in life, and honored him in death. Such bright spirits as Elder D. J. Hawkins, Sister Charity Palmer, Elder R. W. Pelham, Brother J. Dean, and many more that we might mention, whose names are sealed in heaven, for they are written in the book of life, to be read by their Brethren and Sisters, have all left worthy records. And while we view the way-marks they have left behind, they will live in the hearts' affections of their Gospel kindred while memory shall last. It may not be amiss to restate the ages of those who have gone from the ranks of the eighteen Societies of Believers to their homes in the spirit spheres within the last ten months. The ages of two, we did not get; but understand they were well advanced in life. Over one hundred years of age..... 1 Between ninety and a hundred..... 5 do eighty and ninety........ 8 do seventy and eighty....... 12 do sixty and seventy........ 4 do fifty and sixty........... 3 do forty and fifty........... 1 do thirty and forty.......... 1 Under thirty..................... 2