TWO ORDERS ' Howbeit, that was not first which is spiritual, but that which is natural, and afterward that which is spiritual.' 1 Cor. 15 : 40. First Adam — male and female (' and he called their name Adam') the father and mother of the natural creation, the generators— the sowers of the seed. Then Christ, also male and female (' He that hath the Bride is the Bridegroom'-—'Adam, a figure of him that was to come '), the father and mother of the spiritual creation — the regenerators — the reapers of the harvest. ' There is a time to sow, and a time to reap,' spiritually as well as naturally, human beings, as well as wheat and corn. (' The harvest truly is plenteous, but the laborers are few.' etc. ' Thrust in thy sickle, and reap ; for the time is come for thee to reap ; for the harvest of the earth is ripe.') There is a begetting, quickening, and birth, spiritually as well as naturally (' Ye must be born again '), and equally as necessary are the father and mother in the spiritual as in the natural creation ; and, as we had no choice as to who should beget and bring us forth naturally, neither will we be consulted as to who shall be our spiritual parents ; and, when we are compelled by the angels to enter the womb of the Spirit (a Shaker Society), let us become ' as clay in the hands of the potter,' and ' honor our father and mother,' then God, through his Order, will travail, and in due season bring us forth spiritual beings — angels. The followers of Adam ' marry and are given in marriage' ('marriage is honorable in all ' natural people); but the followers of Christ make themselves virgins and ' eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven's sake.' The hundred and forty and four thousand, who stood with the Lamb on Mount Zion, were virgins, not married people — ' not defiled with women,' or men. Brother John neglected to mention that there were some of both sexes not defiled,' because, like Paul, he then only ' knew in part,' and ' saw through a glass darkly.' The prophecy ' That the Bride should appear, and she coming forth shall be seen that is now withdrawn from the earth ' (Esdras, 7 : 26), was not understood by him at that period of his pilgrimage. Remember, there is a natural and there is a spiritual life: and that one must be sacrificed for the other. ' Whosoever will save his (generative) life, shall lose it (his spiritual life); but whosoever shall lose (sacrifice) his (generative) life, for my sake, and the Gospel, the same shall save it' (his spiritual life). But such as are content, and of choice prefer to follow Adam in the natural, generative life, let them sacredly observe the laws of God for that order, which are ' Do justly, love mercy, and walk humbly,' using their generative powers and faculties to ' glorify God,' not for pleasure; and let them teach the same to others; then (if you have not been called to a higher life) the blessing and protection of God will rest upon you as natural people, and you will be among that number who (Paul says) ' do well.' If, however, you feel ' drawn of 92 SHAKEE A.ISTD the Father ' to follow Christ in the regeneration, you must forsake father and mother, brother and sister, wife and children, lay your possessions at the feet of the Apostles (as did the primitive Christians), confess your sins, take up your cross daily, and, by patience and perseverance, clothe your spirit with the ' wedding garment' of purity and holiness. This will entitle you to be classed among that number who (Paul says) ' do better.' ' Except ye be converted {to this faith) and become as a little child (harmless and confiding), ye cannot enter into the kingdom of heaven,' you may try your best, but the laws governing the spiritual, are like the laws governing the material — unchangeable. And such as seek to carry their lust, private property, natural kindred, etc., etc., along with them, will never enter the kingdom of heaven, nor have it enter them; but, sooner or later, will find themselves among those, ' many (that) shall seek to enter in, but shall not be able.' Therefore act wisely, sit down and ' count the cost,' ' choose ye this day,' which of the two orders you will cast your lot with, and then religiously keep the laws given to govern in that order. If you will do this, in the fear and love of God, their blessing and protection will rest upon you by day and by night, in things temporal and in things spiri- tual ; you will be an honor to your race, and will find yourself in the hollow of God's hand, when their ' time of times ' shall pass over this planet, and over the creatures dwelling upon it. J. R. Cooper, South Union, Ky.