SHAKERESS: PHYSICAL AND SPIRITUAL A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS If all strong-minded men and women who have the ability and the means of acquiring knowledge, would 'apply their hearts unto wisdom,' and use that knowledge unselfishly, for the benefit of the many, and in that way help to bear the infirmities of the weak, what a change would be wrought in society ! By degrees, capital and labor would be brought intojust relations. It is true that science and art have projected many agricultural and other labor-saving implements, by which the soil is made more productive. But, could laborers feel the assurance of a just return from capitalists, for services rendered, it would be a great incentive to industry; and the earth, by proper cultivation, might be redeemed from its present thorn-and-brier-producing condition, and an Eden formed, of far more than pristine beauty. But it has been truly said, that ' great men are not always wise or just.' The Creative Intelligence that formed the worlds, and created beings with the germs of immortality to inhabit them, is superior to the things and beings created. And it is evident that the good Father and Mother of all souls designed that their children should grow in wisdom and knowledge from age to age, and be fashioned into their likeness; and that they should study to comprehend the laws pertaining to physical life; and how to use, and not abuse, earth's fullness of blessings, so amply provided for man and beast. What greater evidence of the love and wisdom of God do we need than has been given? ' The heavens declare his glory; the firmament showeth his handy-work; ' and his voice may be heard through all his works. The great luminary, hung out from above, shedding its golden rays, and giving light which rules the day, is God's blessing to humanity; it is the appropriate time to work. The night also has its share of blessing for man and beast. The moon and stars shed a silvery subdued light, which brings a feeling of quiet and repose, and is a signal for rest. Sleep is Nature's balm—a wise provision. The earth pours forth its rich treasures with a lavish hand. But a wise Providence has decreed that every blessing shall be obtained by labor. The intellectual (as well as the physical) powers are given for use, under the guidance of just and immutable laws. When capital and labor, and science and art, combine and operate harmoniously together, we obtain great results. Geology has penetrated the earth, and brought forth hidden treasures — gold, silver, and precious stones; and subterraneous caverns send up oil in great profusion; while exhaustless beds of coal are unearthed: all for man's use. Our great forests, one by one, have yielded to the woodman's ax, and have been used for fuel, or for buildings, and other purposes; and our beautiful hills, once covered with stately trees, are now occupied by the agriculturist; yet we do not fear for the future ; for coal supplies the place of wood for fuel; and iron, stone, and clay, are used for building purposes. Floating palaces, constructed of iron and wood, are seen on all seas, bearing the flags of every nation; and thousands of human beings are continually borne upon the waters of the fathomless deep from shore to shore. It no longer requires a Prophet of the Lord, with a divining rod, to cause iron to swim. Great powers are given to men and women ; and they will use them for either good or evil purposes; and (we repeat), if, on the natural earthly plane of existence, all would learn to he just, what a terrestrial Paradise might be created. Then, under the action of the physical and spiritual elements, human beings would be peaceful and happy, until (to use the similitude of a field of grain in process of ripening) ready for the harvesting angel, with the sickle of spiritual truth, to cut them off from the field of nature, and gather them from the generative to the higher plane of divine light, and spiritual life. Then they would recognize the primitive intention of, and the necessity for, two orders of human beings — the natural and the spiritual; which (now) can only with great difficulty be brought to the comprehension of the people. If natural laws, in reference to reproduction, were properly regarded, and men would learn to be brothers the world over, then wars would cease to the ends of the earth; and warriors would turn to the peaceful pursuits of industry, beating their swords into agricultural implements; and while, on the one hand, there would be no fears that the earth would be over populated, rendering war. pestilence, and famine 'necessary evils,' by which to thin off the inhabitants; nor, on the other hand, that the existence of a pure celibate Order, like that of the Shakers, would depopulate the earth. But. while the natural man and woman would be doing their work, if guided by the law of use, instead of carnal pleasure, in reproduction, they would bless the spiritual Order, whose portals are ever open to receive those who have progressed beyond the natural, and are prepared to enter upon the angelic life, where they can study and learn the laws pertaining to the kingdom of Christ. If the development of natural laws, which pertain to the outward visible world, be worthy of so much attention from scientists, who can define and measure the duty of the spiritual man and woman, and the importance of their studying to comprehend the laws of the inner world, and the life that is eternal, and to know what is good and true for themselves, and not blindly follow the traditions of their fore-fathers; but constantly be seeking out new fountains of living waters. New facts and events are daily occurring in the outward world of mind and matter; and, as there are new revealments in the natural arts and sciences, and new modes of thought and experience, to meet all such emergencies, so is it in a spiritual point of view; the unfolding laws of the invisible world, and of the higher life, require the revelation of new truths, new thoughts, and new modes of application. Truth does not change! But, as the finite mind grows and expands, and reaches out toward the Infinite, throwing off the grosser and more material forms of thought, its views and conceptions of the Spiritual and Divine become more and more enlarged and celestial.