THE WORD OF GOD AND THE BIBLE Each one of the thousand antagonistic Beets of religionists, called by the homogeneous name of Christians, has a theology built up out of the teachings and interpretations of their Bibles. This fact is continually raising the important inquiry, Is, or Is not, any one of these sectarian Bibles the Word of God f ' A tree is known by its fruit.' Theological sectarianism is Bible fruit. Inspiration, redeeming love — salvation — is the fruit of the Word of God ! The former engenders in men, and in nations, cruel wars, inhuman persecu- tions, the infliction of the most awful tortures that human ingenuity can invent, upon the infidels and heretics of their own creation; and inveterate, mutual hatred toward the Gods and Bibles that each of them thus worship. Whilst, under the influence of the latter, Pentecostal Communities are formed, wherein men and women love their neighbor as they love themselves. One said: ' Men, in consequence of their belief in the inspiration of the whole Bible, 9O SHAKEE .A.ND suppose that God requires something more of them than merely being and doing good.' No thoroughly enlightened Christian, whose soul is vitalized by the real Word of God, can study the character of the God of the Jews, as described in these man-made Bibles, wherein he is depicted as possessing all the passions of that humanity he is seeking to elevate and redeem — fickleness, hatred, revenge, wrath, and unparalleled cruelty — without its lessening his veneration for this tutelary divinity — the 'Lord of hosts' of implacable warriors. The hygienic ordinances of the Law, con- cerning generation, its confessions, and sinofferings, followed by washings, purifications, and sacrifices, conjoined to the scientifically wise restrictions relative to inflammatory meats and drinks, and the utter prohibition of indigestible, disease-creating fat and grease, are inestimable records. They were designed to remove (and prevent) ' all sickness from ' the Jewish people, ' whose lives, to-day, average five years more than do the Gentile Christian people of Europe, although under the greatest possible disadvantages.' — (Dr. John S. Hough.) Here we have two of the steps in the ladder of redeeming progress, reaching from the lower order of generation up to the Resurrection order — from earth to heaven — as represented in a dream of Jacob. These laws and statutes remain as a tribu- nal of judgment, before which the whole human race will yet be arraigned, to give an account of the deeds done in their now terribly-diseased bodies.* The prophetic books of the true Bible are a priceless boon to humanity. Their claims to a Christ inspiration are substantiated by numerous immensely-momentous fulfillments of prophecies concerning cities, kingdoms, and nations, in the external world; and by still more important actualizations in the religious progress, and spiritual history of our race. They are the recorded links of God's providences, forming a chain composed of the Word of God which is embelting the whole of the New Creation. The Scriptures are history and biography, interspersed with records of the inspired Word of God, seeking to establish the kingdom of heaven upon earth. That Word is still making Bibles, which are as sacred to the present, and as needful for the future, as was and is the Apocalyptic book of St. John the Divine. Texts from Scripture furnish the fulcrum for the levers of the sects — the creeds of the theological religionists. By these they overthrow each other. 'A house thus terribly di- vided against itself cannot stand.' The evil arises from the error that the Bible is the Word of God; and that every word between its lids is, by efflux from Deity, plenary in- spiration. It is a magazine of the warriors' weapons the slave-holders' manacles, the mi- ser's gold, old wives' fables, the sage's wisdom, Jewish prejudices, and God-saving truths, thrown together in a book,'-to be accepted as the Ark of Oracles, upon which to found religions. The secular books of the Bible required no more inspiration than does any other history, *If the 'statutes were not good,' which he 'gave,' evidence that the 'God of Israel' was not the Supreme Being, those laws and statutes that were good — embodying eternal truths — do as certainly prove that he had an orderly relation to Him. Ed. or biographical story. Many words in the ancient Oriental languages, in which the Scriptures were first written, are variously rendered into other tongues. The Hebrew word naliash, rendered serpent ¦— ' Be ye wise as serpents, and harmless as doves,' — might be, and is, rendered seraph, etc. Yet how different the sense to an Englishman or an American! The numerous instances of this kind destroy entirely the idea of a plenary inspiration, to a rational mind. Had the translators been enlightened by the revelation of Christ's Second Appearing, we should have had a very different Bible from any now extant. Man, in his journey of redemption, swings from one extreme to another. From wrong and ruin, he does not pursue a straight pathway up the inclined plane of righteousness and truth; but moves spirally, as it were, sometimes on the wave of inspirational power, drinking in the gushing rhapsodies of the Word of God; then floating with the tide of passion into caverns of darkness and dissipation. The present is an age of scientific, theological, and religious revolutions, destroying the false foundations of sectarian creeds, and exposing the imperfections of all the Bibles from which they have been evolved. Under this influence, many souls unwisely throw away the Bibles of other nations and races, in past Dispensations, as useless or unprofitable ; not knowing that God's work, for human redemption, in all ages, is harmoniously linked to gether. The Word of God is a unit. A pres. ent revelation will reproduce the past. ' Every word that has been spoken by the mouth of all holy Prophets,' in all nations, ' since the world began,' will be restored in the Millennium. The Christian Bibles, with all their errors, are books of incalculable value to the human race ; and the sacred writings, or Bibles, of what are termed heathen nations, are also to be judged by the same standard, ie, the truth they contain, and the good they do. All Scrip- ture records of Divine inspiration help to reveal the power and wisdom of God to mankind ; and they should be preserved, studied, and interpreted, by the light of a present living revelation, as that includes the wliole focal light of all former revelations. God's Word and work never wane, or retrograde ; but are eternally progressing toward the final redemption of all races. Hence, none of the Bibles, not even the Christians', are yet finished. Elder Giles B. Avery, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.