THE JUDICIAL OATH ' We demand that the judicial oath, in the courts, and in all other departments of the Government, shall be abolished; and that simple affirmation, under the pains and penalties of perjury, shall be established in its stead.' In connection with the above 'Demand for Liberalism,' the following extracts from The Pilgrim and the Shrine appear tome sufficiently interesting and appropriate to merit being placed before the readers of the Index: 'But it is our system of judicial swearing that has struck me as exceedingly curious. ' His evidence was essential and satisfactory, but the lawyer who was on the other side very nearly succeeded in rejecting it, and was only foiled by the singular witof the witness. He was reputed to be an 'infidel,' whatever that may be, and on his entering the witness-box, the counsel stopped the clerk, who was about to administer the oath, saying that he wished to ask the witness a question about his religious opinions. 'The witness observed that when sworn he should be most happy to answer any questions about the case before the court, but that his opinions concerned nobody but himself: they were not evidence and nothing he could say unsworn could be evidence; he hoped, therefore, his honor, the judge, would save him from any irrelevant curiosity. 'The judge, however, answered—what seemed to me a most reasonable appeal — by intimating that it was necessary to answer the counsel's questions. ' ' Perhaps then,' said the witness, 'I maybe informed if, not being sworn, I am bound to speak the truth?' ' ' Not legally,' said the judge. ' Witness thanked the judge, and, turning to the counsel, said, 'Now, then, sir, you may just ask me what you please, and I will endeavor to frame my aswers to suit you !' 'Seeingthat an examination under such circumstances would be a farce, the lawyer requested that the oath might be administered. This done he again commenced: ' 'Now that you are legally bound to speak the truth, I desire to know if you believe in the New Testament, on which you have been sworn ?' ' Turning to the judge with an expression of mock humility, witness said,' I pray your honor's protection.' ' The judge told him to answer the question. ''But, your honor it's not fair. He wants to make me commit myself, because he knows my evidence will tell against him.' ' ' Exactly so, says the counsel, blandly smiling. ''What,' asked the judge, ' do you mean by making you commit yourself?' ' ' Why, your honor, he wants me to disqualify myself for being sworn as a witness, by acknowledging that I believe in the Divine authority of a book that contains a positive injunction against swearing at all 1' ' On hearing this most unexpected reply, the lawyer answered the judge's inquiring smile by throwing himself back in his seat, and declining to oppose the witness. ' Does it not seem strange that the very truthfulness which would induce a man to acknowledge his disbelief should be used to discredit him ? 'It seems to me absolutely certain that a little advance in the public intelligence will cause the oath to be discarded altogether. As an appeal to the supernatural it really means nothing, and as a legal contract it might be made equally binding, and less objectionable.'—The Index.