CAUSE AND EFFECT The First Cause of life, and of all the qualities or properties of mind and matter, in the entire Universe of Creation, is GOD, whose government of all his intelligences in all worlds, and in all heavens, is by Law, which expresses his will. All mind and matter are placed under, and made subject to, Law, founded in Goodness and Truth; and is intended to be productive of felicity to all God's sentient creatures, which, therefore, cannot be infracted with impunity. Man, in all worlds, is a secondary creator; and, therefore, the physical, moral, mental and physiological causes by which we humans are influenced and made to suffer in this world, are mostly, if not altogether, of our own creation ; and, consequently, the corresponding effects are indirectly or directly chargeable upon ourselves. And, as the power to create and bring into operation counteracting causes, is in our possession, when one cause, which would produce evil or injurious effects upon us, is in operation, we (as rational beings) can and should set in motion other and counteracting causes, and thus prevent evil effects. By this, we know that the power of deliverance from evil is principally in our own hands; and, if our icill be in harmony with the Good and Great First Cause, we can bring forth and effectually use that power, and thereby escape the evil or suffering. Calling upon (or praying to) God, that He would remove the evil effects of a cherished evil secondary cause, especially when that cause is known to the person, is the merest fallacy, and is useless. It is like requiring of God the Supreme Intelligence (who is perfectly rational, wise, consistent, and absolutely unchangeable, as well in his purposes as in his nature) to destroy his own system or mode of government. God never acts arbitrarily, but always beneficently. By Law, God says: Do this, and thou shalt live, healthily and happily. Do that, and thou shalt die miserably, or live unhealthily and unhappily. There must necessarily be suffering, where causes of evil are allowed to be and operate, whether the sufferer be aware of their existence, or utterly ignorant thereof. Therefore, it is the businsss of every man and woman to study and labor to find out and know the causes that will produce good, and then to wisely adopt them, and thus prevent evil effects in and upon their bodies, and minds, and morals. There may be, and without doubt there are, gifts resting upon certain individuals, at certain times, by the exercise of which, disease and suffering may be and frequently are removed ; the ulterior and beneficent object of which, is to induce the healed to flee the evil cause, and find out, and practically adopt the true cause of health, ease, and happiness. For, obviously, if the causes of the evil, or suffering, be untouched and allowed to continue to operate, the same (or worse) evil effects will undoubtedly and unavoidably follow. Therefore, be it rememberd, that ignorance of the cause of evil, or suffering, will not prevent evil effects. Wrong habits — physiological or moral, will produce corresponding evil effects and suffering. Physical and physiological habits, when known to be wrong, and yet persisted in, become moral wrongs — real sins against both God's Law, our neighbor, and our- selves. Paul says: ' Sin is the transgression of the Law' (of Moses he meant). But it would have been better if he had said, The transgression of Law, as established by God in the nature of matter and mind, is sin. As iron, when under the power of heat (in a molten condition) cannot be used for the purposes of binding or holding together other things, or for the support of buildings, and appears to be without the properties of cohesion and hardness, but which, as soon as the external influence of heat is removed therefrom, will return to its former cohesion, solidity and hardness ; so, when inability to act under the power of a secondary cause of evil is present, of course the evil effects are more or less diminished, and, for the time being, the will of the person may appear to be in the di- rection of good; and it will be called virtue in him, when it is but little better than a ' sick bed,' or ' death-bed repentance.' And, in most cases, as soon as the opposing inability is removed, the mind (which is extremely elastic), by the power of the will, returns to its ordinary and customary evil cause, and thereby, with the body, has to endure and suffer the evil effects of the resumed and continued evil cause. And, as every effect is as true to its cause as is a shadow to substance, the longer an evil cause (moral or physical) has been in operation, the longer will it take to eradicate and destroy its evil effects. Therefore, be warned; be wise. Truth, Knowledge, and Wisdom, are natural attributes of God, and are communicable to all his intelligent creatures, in all worlds and spheres, if they be willing to receive of them. Therefore, let all shun ignorance of right, truth, and good ; put off folly, learn to be wise, and choose that which is good and true; and thus escape the ten thousand evils and sufferings — spiritual and physical — which overtake and befall those who will persist in pursuing a contrary or evil course. Wm. Offord, Mt. Lebanon