WHO SHALL PRAISE GOD ? My soul, wake up inspired to sing, And let each thought a tribute bring, And praise our Father's name ; Let earth and heaven join in one song, So sweet, so glorious, and so strong, Of this inspiring theme. Let mountains high, and valleys low, Let verdant plains the music throw, In strains both loud and clear; Our Maker's name we will proclaim From pole to pole, thro' earth's domain, With reverence and fear. Ye angels bright, who wing your way Through mansions of eternal day, Reverberate the sound. O, all the powers of heaven above, Join now with us the song of love, Sweet praises flow around. Ye cedars on the mountain brow, Your towering heads with reverence bow, To him who gave you birth ; Ye little rills that murmur on, Join in the chorus, sweet and long, That gladdens all the earth. Ye flowing rivers which have grown So deep and broad, your voices loan, To sound his holy praise ; And cataracts with thundering roar His glory tell from shore to shore, His wise and prudent ways. Above all these, let those who live A life of innocence and love, Be heard in sweetest tones ; Who love the Lord with all their heart, And from all sin and lust depart; They make the loudest sounds. They set all nature in a blaze ; Men ask, are these the latter days By Jesus Christ foretold? 'Tis something new ; we do not scan How God does purify a man, And liberate the soul. He 's brought to light the living way, And all who 're willing to obey, Do walk the path so straight; They do not err from day to day, But constant watch, and daily pray, To enter heaven's gate. Let those who have repentance found, With peace, and love, and joy abound, And join the glorious song; While those who cover up their sin, Their grief and sorrow then begin ; They cannot join the throng Of the united souls of men Who live to God, and die to sin, And in this death rejoice; But all who bear a daily cross, And by its power are saved from loss, Shall praise Him with one voice. Andrew Barrett, Mt. Lebanon