NEW HEAVEN AND NEW EARTH A new creation. But, as from nothing comes nothing, both the new earth and the new heaven must be evolved from previously-existent elements. As Believers in the second manifestation of Christ, we have heretofore assumed, in our writings, that our spiritual order was the new heaven; and that our community of goods was the new earth. This was true, but not the whole truth. The light shines brighter, and we see further. John says: ' I saw a new heaven, and a new earth; for the first heaven, and the first earth, were passed away; and there was no more sea ' — spiritual heathenism. In his vision, John had previously been giving us the history of the first earth and heaven, which began to be created at the introduction of the Christ Spirit into the Roman empire. The seven churches of Asia were semiheathen, semi-Christian organizations. They are the bases of our present Gentile Christianity, or 'Babylon the Great'—: the Mother' of so many M harlot' systems of theology, and of civil governments. This heathen Roman empire was the raw material out of which our modern Christianity — its Gospel and Law — has been formed. The empire included nearly every known nation that, at that time, was called civilized. Christendom, with its hundreds of orders and sects, in its creeds, its prayers, and its sermons, unites the natural generative and the spiritual resurrection elements, and mixes them together in its sacraments, ordinances, and church ceremonies. Is not this flesh and spirit theology — this admixture of discordant, antagonistic elements — the cause of the vehement denunciation of the Revelator, and of his utter abhorrence of the whole Babylonish system, to which he so remorselessly applies the most opprobrious epithets known to human language? It is said that Babylon means mixture — confusion; and the culminating manifestation of this mixing and adulterous spirit is in the union of Church and State Governments, under which tha priesthood usurp authority in the first heaven, and first earth, too, and compound them together. The Pope of Rome, and the Queen of England, are equally the Head of the Church and State. Marriage is a sacrament of the Church ; and war, like the infernal Inquisition, is holy. The same Church official can ' solemnize holy matrimony,' lead an army, cr appoint and pay for the leader, collect tithes and Peter Pence, dress in scarlet and gorgeous attire, fare sumptuously every day; while every fifth person is a pauper of higher or lower degree; and the social evil extends from the sacristy to the brothel. Monasteries and Nunneries, barracks and monitors, State prisons and theaters, tenement houses and asylums, hotels and boarding places, are all Church and State institutions, and come of the attempt of Christendom to combine, under one Head, ' the first earth and the first heaven.' Can there be a doubt that these are the 'first heaven and the first earth ' which John saw ' pass away' in the fall of Babylon? or that they were formed under the first advent and influence of the Christ Spirit ? They stand exclusively in the masculine gender. Witness Jesus and his twelve Apostles — all men; the three he Gods of the Trinity, worshipped by the Catholic, Greek, and Protestant world ; and the masculine priesthood, from the Pope, and Luther and Calvin, down to H. W. Beecher. The cardinal dogmas of the ' Evangelical Al- liance ' are, without question, what the Spirit designated ' doctrines of devils '— of Evil. John saw the ' first beast ' — Catholicism — come up out of the sea — spiritualistic heathenism; and a ' second beast, with two horns'—Luther and Calvin — come up out of the earth — Rationalism. These are 'the beast,' and ' the image of the beast'—Church and State male Governments — moons turned to blood. All the ages down, they have been either fighting and warring, or preparing to fight and war, with each other. Having seen the first heaven and the first earth pass away, John begins to describe the second heaven and earth that should take their places. He saw the new earth in its glory, and, as Swedenborg and some others have done, mistook it for the new heaven. ' I saw the holy city, New Jerusalem,'— the city of the Jews in the spirit world — ' coming down from God out of heaven. * * * The tabernacle of God was with men, and He will dwell with them ; and they shall be His people,' who shall live up to the holy and good Law of Moses, in generation nutrition, and in their property relations; as they did during their forty years visionary state in the wilderness. The land will be Government property ; and the Government will be male and female ; and marriage will be for use only. The evil things, so much lusted after, will be unknown ; and manna—vegetables, farina, and fruit, will be for muscular strength in man, as with the ox and elephant, the horse and camel, the buffalo and dromedary. ' Perish, commerce,' and flourish agriculture. Let cities be for the giants in wickedness ; and co-operative associations universal throughout the land. Let the land be fed with its own produce, and have its sabbaths of rest, to digest its food; that no seed of weed, or germ of animalcule, may live to choke or destroy the crop. And far from human beings would be the plagues and mountain of curses that Moses set before the people who should be disobedient to his organic physiological laws. For, in the new earth, ' God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more curse,' or disease; nor death by sickness, consumption, burning fever, or by any other plagues now so well known to the Gentile Christians in Babylon. ' For there shall be neither sorrow nor crying; neither shall there be any more (physical) pain; for the former things are passed away. ... It is done.' ' He that overcometh ' his appetites, and subdues his passions, ' shall inherit only good things.' Behold, then, the ' new earth,' in which man and woman shall have equal voice in framing and executing the laws; and which shall possess a simple dual Civil Government; and under its administration, all present forms of evil, and causes of human misery, shall find no place to counteract its Millennial principles. In chapter xxi of the Revelation, we have, from verse 9, a visionary description of the ' new heaven,' as co-existent with the new earth; 'of which we cannot now speak particularly'— not until another issue of the 'Shaker and Shakeress' in the new year, 1874.