SELF DENIAL Blessed power of self-denial, Source and well-spring of true joy; Walk with me as guardian angel, That no sin my peace destroy. It is natural for the whole human family to seek happiness; all have some God to worship, some Superior Being to look to, for aid, in times of affliction and distress. But how few seek happiness in the right direction ! We are all looking and hoping for a blissful existence beyond the dark river; but, do we consider what we must do tliis side the stream, to gain the lasting joys of that bright land? Are we willing and thankful to bear the cross of Christ, that crucifies us to the world, and robs us of the corruptible joys of sin and carnal indulgences, practising true self-denial in our every-day lives, walking in paths of peace and righteousness, sacrificing the meaner affections of the lower life, owning nothing, yet possessing all things, caring for, and being cared for, in sickness and health, by the good and pure ? If so, then, when this life's journey shall be ended, and we pass on, to that unknown land, having laid up treasures there, we shall not feel like strangers in a strange place ; although we shall have left behind us all that we possessed in this world. True, our clothing will be new, and formed of different materials ; our food will also be of a different nature ; our surroundings too, will be new ; but we shall join kindred friends whom we have previously known on earth ; and, can we have a better recommendation to take with us than the record of a good, upright life, bearing the impress of self-denial and cross-bearing, which is true excellence — a garment formed of good and righteous works, to adorn the immortal part ? When I take somewhat of a realizing view of these things, I think I will never be heard to cry, O the burden, the burden of the cross! the oppression of selfdenial ! striving to bring the way to me, instead of bringing myself to the way; this is beneath my high and holy calling. I will fight the battles of the Lord valiantly, and lay a good foundation—purity and honesty—for my building to stand upon. A builder may erect very elegant and beautiful structures ; but, unless the foundations are firmly and properly laid, they are liable to be wrecked by winds and storms, and finally to become a mass of ruins. ' I want to have the Christians' stamp On all that I possess— My conscience, manual labor too, And even on my dress.' I want to have good Shaker faith Implanted in my soul; And fain would have good Shaker works Extend from pole to pole. I bless the name, I love the life My Shaker kindred live, I love the true and sure reward A daily cross will give. I love to feel that living power That shakes the soul within— The fire that burns the dregs and dross, Consuming ev'ry sin. I love to hear the living Word, That flows from soul to soul, Cross-bearing ones who daily strive Each passion to control. These are true Shakers; and they shake from ev'ry thing impure, And seek for treasures by the cross, That ever will endure. They bring each hidden deed to light, Kot in a closet dark; But to the witnesses of God, Where rests the sacred Ark. How can we live without the Word, The living Word of God, That resurrects to spirit-life, Points to the narrow road? I love my Shaker Brethren dear, My angel Sisters too; My Shaker home, with all its joys, Is charming to my view; Then, let me live the higher life, And bear the noble name : Make it my chief concern to be Kight worthy of the same. Emily Smith, Mt. Lebanon