SHAKER FUNERAL Editor Hudson Register—I have just returned from the Shaker village in this town, where I had been to attend the funeral of the late Elder Richard Bushnell, an aged and much esteemed member of that community, who has been a member of the society for over sixty years, and most of that time occupied a prominent position in the North Family as one of its Elders. He was over eighty years old at his death ; and no man ever died leaving a better record for honesty and an uniform irreproachable life than did Elder Richard. His position in the Shaker Society has, during the present generation, brought him into intimate acquaintance with the citizens of this vicinity; and the community at large seemed fllied with as much sympathy for the deceased as did the members of the community who have grown up under his eyes, and have looked up to him as to a father and a friend, in whom they could with implicit confidence confide. The funeral was held in the Church, which was filled to its utmost capacity. The different Shaker families of Lebanon, Canaan, and Hancock, were represented apparently by a majority of the adults, but as the citizens entered, the space occupied by them became more and more compact, and apparently every spare bench and chair came into requisition in order to seat the audience. It was doubtless the largest gathering ever in that capacious room. The usual exercises on Sunday were entirely dis- pensed with, and the time was filled up with remarks made by different brethren and sisters, appropriate to the occasion, the reading of articles in both poetry and prose, and with singing. Elder Frederick Evans made a beautiful and timely address in which he took occasion to review the past life of the deceased, slightly touching upon the peculiar doctrine of the sect. Elders Daniel Boler, and Giles B. Avery, also gave each a short but impressive address, which, were it in my power, I would send you, as they were every way worthy of publication. Elder Giles also read a beautiful piece of poetry, which he said was written by one of the sisters. If such talent exists among our Shaker friends, and the sentiments expressed in the poem read, are the true emanations of a Shaker heart, then have that singular people been sadly misunderstood by us of the outside world. The world has been led to suppose that all the finer feelings of the human heart— all love, affection, and personal regard for fellow humanity, was here crushed — crucified as we might say — and that an ascetic individuality existed, leaving the Shaker a solitary wanderer on earth, avoiding all sympathy with things of earth, only seeking happiness, won by misery here, in a world to come. But this day there was a rare opportunity, seldom witnessed by those outside of the Society, to observe the beautiful system of Brotherhood that seems to permeate the innermost recesses of their heart of hearts. Here we saw the Ministry and Elders, standing at the head of the Society, mingling in perfect union their humble tributes to the memory of their deceased brother, side by side with those who walk upon the ground floor of the Temple, or are the humble workers upon its outside walls. Had you listened to the several speeches made by brethren and sisters, and heard their written thoughts expressed, the only conclu- sion that could result would be : If these men and women are sincere, if they speak their thoughts in all soberness, if such love cements together the hearts of Shakers, then is their Society a paradise upon earth, and just without the door of Heaven. An invitation to the audience, not Shakers, drew from J. M. Peebles, a well-timed and impressive speech which seemed to be in sympathy with the crowd of people among whom he stood while speaking. Doctor 'Wright, an old citizen of New Lebanon, added his testimony to the sterling worth of the deceased, whom he had intimately known for half a century. After the services at the Church were ended, the vast audience had an opportunity to view the remains in an ante-room of the Church. The remains were contained in a plain, substantial coffin, unstained, and without a single ornament ; yet, simple as that burial case was, to eyes accustomed to look upon the varnished surface, the emblazoned adornments which fashion turns out to contain the remains of earth's lavish children, I have no doubt our old friend Richard (if he has the power in spirit to look back) gave hearty approval. At all events, I am confident that in that humble coffin Richard Bushnell ' sleeps well.' Judge H. Bull, Lebanon Springs, Col. Co. N. Y. Oct. 26,1873$$