NATURE CURES, IF CURE THERE BE In all systems of error there is a starting-point usually made by a false assumption. This is palpable in the drug theory. Assuming that disease is an enemy which a new drug disease may vanquish, patients are dosed into tedious pains, fevers, and too often premature graves. Dr. Trail's lucid pen has recently shown, that neither Seward nor Greeley died of natural disease, nor yet of a mysterious Providence, but of poisonous drugs. Similar fatal administrations ended the days of Washington, Harrison, Taylor, and multitudes of eminent sufferers, including millions of the obscure, whose lives, in one sense, were none the less precious. The germ, as we have said, of this poisonous system is, that nature don't or won't cure. While the drug theorists are unable to ignore the efforts of nature in this direction, they nevertheless insist that she must be assisted to cure. Hence, under the guise of aid, they embarrass; and on the pretext of removing burdens, they bind on such as are heavier and more crushing ; and, in endeavoring to promote the process of cleansing, they surcharge the body with the foulest matter. As the cause must always be removed to insure a cessation of the effect, so must this baseless assumption of assisting nature, by poisoning, be abandoned, before we can get rid of the destructive medical theory. By eating unclean food, and too much of it, persons are sickened, then druggists proceed to dose down yet more unclean matter to cleanse and cure ! In swallowing bad diet, the laws of health are broken, and disease ensues ; in swallowing yet worse drugs, the laws of health are still more dangerously broken, and too often death ensues. Who in his sober senses can believe that doses which invariably make well persons sick, can make sick persons well? Can filth remove filth? Will Beelzebub the chief, cast out his subordinates ? There is but one way to swallow the drug theory, that is, ostrich-like, to run the head into sand, and force it down blind. Facts, handled by common sense, are as fatal to it as is warm sunshine to ice, or light to darkness. Naked assumptions and despotic authority may sustain the absurdity, while simple truth and reason must overthrow It. — Seience of Health.