CORRESPONDENCE We confidently expect that our noble-hearted brother (Elder Wm. Leonard) will forgive us for making a few extracts, without permission, from a lengthy and valuable communication from his pen, which was not designed for publication. To us it was a jewel when received ; and it was placed in our casket us such ; and we feel quite certain that it would be interesting and instructive to many of the readers of our ' Monthly ; ' but it is too pro- lix to publish in its entirety. Yet we hope that even the fragmentary presentation thereof will not lessen its illustrative force, nor mar its symmetrical beauty. Beloved Eldress Antoinette, I received your kind letter by due course of ma.il, and was right glad to hear from you and our dear friends at the Mount. I have read it over many times, and have tried to feel guilty for my negligence in not writing before the present time ; but, if I had done so, perhaps 1 should not have received your kind epistle, which has stirred my dying or wandering memory ; and I am really puzzled to determine whether to feel guilty or otherwise. Of one thing, however, you may be assured: it was not a lack of true loA^e, or pure Gospel affection, that prevented. I have, from early memory, had many evidences that I was created to think and feel; and, like many others of my fellow-pilgrims of impulsive heart, and visionary brain, at times, I love to talk, and to write my intuitions and new-born imaginings. Persons of such a temperament naturally love those who are willing to hear them patiently, and who will respond to them affectionately and kindly. I am under many obligations to my friends at the North Family, for the charitable reviews, and pleasant responses to my eccentric theorizing, and visionary dreamings ; and, though numerous sheets have passed between us, I have the calm satisfaction of believing that not one discordant feeling has ever arisen to mar our union and tranquillity. My frank, honest difference of opinion, on minor subjects, have ever been met with that wise, calm, and harmonious spirit, that rendered even quarreling a pastime, and fighting quite a Christian amusement. There is a joy in in- terchanging thoughts and gifts with true and tried friends; they serve to uplift and cheer the spirit, and harmonize soul with soul. Now, my friend, you will agree to pardon me, if I turn my theme into a somewhat theological strain ; I feel like writing a long letter, if you will be patient with me. When looking out from the windows of Zion, upon the outward spiritual horizon, an inspiration steals over my spirit like the glowing fires of heaven. I do not feel a restless anxiety for the future ; distrustful, unhappy forebodings have passed from my mind. I never saw the final advancement of God's work look more bright and cheering in the distance than now ; the signs of the times are marvellously changing ; they may appear new and strange, but they agree with the visitations of God to men, when compared with past history, by which we learn of his dealings with the old world, through the mediumship of Noah ; and, when He de- termined to enlarge and liberate the tribes of Israel, He visited them through the spirits of the ancient fathers; and, next, mighty shocks of spirit-power were felt in Egypt, and the surrounding nations ; and there was a slow but sure class of spirit-manifestations peculiar to the age and condition of the old chosen line of those days. When the reign of Judaism was about closing, John, under the inspiration of the welltried, noble spirit of Elijah, lit up the torchlight of revelation anew, which helped to dispel the darkness of the whole country. 8HAKEE A.ND Again, when the first dawn of Christ's kingdom was to break forth, a higher power and word of God came to Jesus, which animated the angels to sing ' Glory in the highest.' The same power extended to the twelve foundation pillars of the Jewish Christian Church. The Christ Spirit, at that time, was limited to the Hebrew line; and, when the disciples were sent out to preach, Jesus charged them, saying, ' Go not into the way of the Gentiles ; and into any city of the Samaritans enter ye not; but go rather to the lost sheep of the house of Israel; and as ye go, preach, saying, The kingdom of heaven is at hand.' Upon a time, as Jesus was crossing from Jerusalem to Galilee, and was passing through the suburbs of the ancient city of Sychar, wearied beneath the scorching sun-beams, he sat down by Jacob's well, for rest and refreshment ; and a woman of Samaria came to draw water. Gentile as she was, and coming from one of the forbidden cities, yet, by spirit impulse he was attracted to her ; and, when she rebuked him for asking water of a Samaritan, lie was so pleased with her candor, that he conversed with her freely, and in a manner that reached her understanding; and she went and called others, saying, ' Come and see a man that has told me all things that ever I did. Is not this the Christ ? ' This seems to have been the first kindling spark of Gospel fire among the Gentiles. Ever after that introduction, Jesus showed a marked attachment to that people. Perhaps he was the only living Jew who, at that time, truly loved a Samaritan. When he healed ten lepers, none but a Samaritan returned to bow in acknow- ledgment of, and to thank God for, the favor; and Jesus did not omit to call the attention of the Jews to this fact. In his parable of the man who fell among thieves, and of the conduct of the priest and Levite towards him (while the good Samaritan, instead of keeping his gloves on, and passing by on the other side, as the priest and Levite did, had compassion on him, stooped down and examined his wounds, and kindly bound them up), he taught that God is not a respecter of nations or persons, but of character. And he gave his disciples to understand, that, as soon as they had performed their first duty to the Jews, his Samaritan children were the next class to be attended to. He said: ' Ye shall receive the Holy Ghost, and shall be witnesses unto me in all Judea ; next, in Samaria ; then to the uttermost parts of the earth.' They caught the inspiration, and, with souls all aglow with revelation from the spirit-spheres, ' they went everywhere preaching the Gospel of the kingdom.' What a marked manifestation of spirit-power was given at the time when Saul of Tarsus, undertook to beat down the Christian work! He was, without doubt, honest in his intentions, when he determined, under priestly sanction, to kindle the fires of persecution at Damascus ; but he was met in such a manner, when a light flashed upon him, and he was smitten by an unseen hand, and heard a voice saying, ' Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me ? ' that he was convinced of his mistake, (and O how quickly he turned his energies in the right direction, and, after his conversion to the Christian religion, became a fortress of strength), and proved to be one of the greatest revelationists that ever existed. He was a leader of leaders, a torrent of eloquence, and as immovable as Mount Zion. Each of the disciples of Jesus was called to perform a certain work, and spirit-power attended their labors. If in former ages there was a host of spiritual mediums, an abundance of prophecies and a gradual growth from small beginnings, need we despair ? Since this large continent was discovered, great changes and modifications have been wrought, and a new form of Civil Government is established. Through the mediumship of the French prophets, the spirits worked; and from them Ann Lee was brought forth, who was after- ward anointed to be our spiritual Mother. The powers of the heavens hastened her work ; and, by revelation, she came to America, and the Church of Christ's Second Appearing be- gan to be established, while a free Civil Government was also in process of formation. This Church has stood as an inside wheel that fits into the wheel of the new outside, Government, and the one has turned the other till it has become too visible to be longer concealed; for the light and spiritual influence of this Church is seen and felt throughout the nation, and in other nations. The reforms of the last century started with the American people, and have been produced by the life-germs, or spirit lights, of the age, who had their highest existence in the Church. Modern Spiritualism began its work on the inner wheel, and was carried out by spirit-messengers, to do its work in the outside order. The spirits who were commissioned to do the first work in Zion, predicted its universal spread; and now we see a mighty upspringing of every species and order of mediums for both good and bad spirits to work through ; but the same power that commenced the work, will bring order out of chaos — divide the false from the true — and will kindle in honest souls the fires of judgment, and thus purify them as gold is made pure by furnace heat, and will fit them to be indwellers and workers in God's holy Christian Temple, which, in its dual form, has started for a heavenly growth into order and beauty; and of its increase there will be no end. Some of my friends here, who have heard this, my epistle of forty pages to you, think I have fully canceled all former debts that I may have incurred by not answering letters from you ; and I guess you will think so too. Please accept love and kindly greetings, from Elders, and Brethren and Sisters, who send it liberally for yourself, and all of our dear friends at Mount Lebanon. Your Brother in the Gospel, William Leonard, Harvard, Mass.