FOR THE 'SHAKERESS.' When I was a child of but eleven years of age, I was taken from the outside world and placed with Believers (or Shakers), where I found spiritual parents and guides, and I learned to understand the meaning of the Apostle's words, ' Children, obey your parents in the Lord, for this is right.' When I was wayward, my good mothers reproved me kindly, and told me ' to go and sin no more ;' and I obeyed through love, not through fear. They faithfully instructed me to resist all temptation to seek pleasure through sensual appetites, and warned me not to set my affections upon the perishable riches of this world, but to seek the durable riches of the kingdom of Christ, and to lay up treasures in heaven, and seek those joys that are found at God's right hand, which will never fail. They taught the necessity of imitating the example of our Saviour, and to remember his words, ' I am the light of the world : he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life.' Although I was placed under the guardianship of kind friends, and received much good instruction, yet I was left to be tried, and to feel what there was in my own heart. My youthful mind (as I became older) was tempted, through passion for worldly plea- sure, to look for a more pliant way than the one marked out by Jesus of Nazareth. I turned my thoughts toward the broad road of sinful pleasure and looked to see what was to be found and enjoyed there ; and I saw that all that could be obtained from that source was but momentary, and ended in disappointment. And God (through the medium of my conscience) forbade that I should renounce a life of virgin purity, and leave ' an hundred-fold of fathers and mothers, and brothers and sisters, and numerous other blessings, for a dish of pottage.' I reflected upon the superior advantages for physical health, and the comforts to be derived therefrom ; also of the kind care bestowed in sickness, and of the beautiful surroundings in my Gospel home — of living in companionship with kind loving brethren and sisters, ever forbearing and forgiving, and who were cleanly in their habits of life. It is said that ' cleanliness is next to godliness,' and I think we may add that there is very little true godliness without it. ' O! then I gazed upon my peaceful cot, Where the clement bowers entwine ; The land of the strangers tempted me not— O nay ! nor could their home be mine.' Then I turned my eyes and thoughts, and came to the conclusion, that the most excel- lent and honorable character that any one can form, is by resisting temptation to evil, practising virtue, and shunning vice, and by consecrating all his or her powers to honor God, by living honestly, justly, and truly. Those who seek to be shielded from temptation, and for protection from sin, feel that it is a privilege and blessing to be retired from the multitude who throng the broad road, and from the society of those who seek pleasure in unrighteousness. A truly religious life is not fraught with gloom and sadness ; nor does it deprive us of enjoyment in this present state of existence. If we learn to use the things of this world, and not abuse them, we shall find that ' pure and undefiled religion' will enhance, not diminish, our happiness. Amelia Lyman, Enfield, Conn.