SHAKERESS A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS To the Friends and Supporters of the Shaker and Shakerbss, Greeting : Twelve months have passed since we sought aid from our Gospel kindred in a new field of labor. As we then stated, it was by the earnest solicitations of many friends and inquirers outside of our community, who seemed to think that duty demanded a greater effort on our part to make known the fundamental principles of our institution, religious belief, etc., to the world at large (as far as we could gain access), and to frankly ' give our reasons for the hope' and faith ' that is in us' (and which has hitherto been our chief burden to actualize in daily life), that we were induced to engage our services in bearing to those who had ears to hear what the Sisterhood of the Shaker Societies had to offer in defense of our religious faith and the reasons for reducing that faith to practice. Our efforts in this direction have been sincere, our services freely rendered, and our deep and earnest prayers have been that God might be honored, our GospeJ kindred comforted, and that humanity, through this humble agency, might receive some new thoughts and new aspirations for the higher life; and, with us, be led to the conclusion that holiness of character is profitable to all in this life, as preparatory to entering upon the great future in the unseen world. We have made our record for the year 1873, and time must decide for or against its value. Journalism has become a great institution in all civilized countries ; but America is a receptacle, not only from the ' father land' and ' mother country,' but all nations and peoples find a home in this ' broad land of liberty ;' and hence the press is brought into requisition, and wields a greater power than in any other nation. It is (speaking after the manner of men) ' the lever that moves the world,' and moulds society in secular matters, and in a religious point of view; but there is a ' Providence '—a power behind— ' that shapes our destinies,' will it as we may. Amid such a variety of periodicals and newspapers which fly through the land, containing advertisements for commercial departments, crimes and casualties for lovers of the marvelous, and politics for office seekers we cannot reasonably expect that a smal] ' Monthly,' containing none of the foregoing but which condemns the ungodly practices o\ the age in which we live, and would seek to reason dispassionately of cause and effect would receive a large amount of patronage Yet we rejoice to acknowledge that there are many candid and thoughtful persons who de sire an increase of physical, moral, and spirit ual truth in what is called Christendom to-day and who feel deeply for the welfare of our race ; and they cry, ' Lord, what shall we do to be saved! Give us the bread of life through thine own instrumentality, and we will bless the means.' ' Only save us from the destructive elements which are sweeping through the land, the effect of raging, unsub dued passions in human souls ; that is all we ask.' Such persons are glad to receive the ' Shaker and Shakeress,' and make it a wel come messenger to their family circles, anc eel that they are benefited by its moral tone, and are made better by its religious teachings, and heavenly inspirational influence. Many who have sung of the beautiful star hat arose in the eastern hemisphere, which ndicated where the young child might be 'ound, who was to be the medium of the Christ Spirit that was about to visit the earth, now look upon the Shaker and Shakeress as another star, that has appeared in the spiritual lorizon, pointing those who have studied the prophetic periods, and are watching the signs of the times, to the place where the second appearing of the Christ Spirit may be found in a ' cloud of witnessing saints,' who testify that ' now has come new life and strength,' by the power of the Christ manifested through both male and female, and that the gathering of the saints has begun. Such say to us, ' Do not let the light of that star go out! by all means let it continue to shine !' Now that we have concluded to extend the publication of the dual sheet through 1874 (if life and strength should be preserved), we solicit contributions from the Sisterhood in every Society, and we ask you to seek, through faith, humility, and prayer, for Divine assistance. We need aid from resurrected spirits, that we may receive inspiration from on high, to enable us to ' give meat in due season ' to all who are prepared to receive. If we keep our eyes turned toward the Fountain of light and love, we shall receive new supplies of living inspiration, and our understandings will open to new truth, and our spirits will yearn for a growth in an endless life ; and thus we shall be prepared to leave the dead past, and drink of the pure waters of divine revelation, which makes the work of God an ever-living, present work. Let us, my dear Gospel Sisters, rise above selfhood, and, through pure love to truth, and love to human kind, arm ourselves anew for another race. The heavens are full of truth; let us wrestle in spirit to attain thereunto, open our hearts to receive, and stretch forth our hands to grasp the hands of the angels, and they will delight to fill them with pearly gems which are found on the banks of the beautiful river which flows through and gladdens the celestial city, where nothing can enter that is impure, defiling or deceiving Thither let us wend our way, dear Gospe' friends, and by diligence and self-sacrifice, in duce others to join our ranks, and with us journey homeward to the rest of God. We would now speak peace in well-doing to the whole ' Household of Faith,' and wish all ' a happy new year.'