TRUTH FOR YOUTH To all the youthful readers of the ' Shaker and Shakeress ' in Zion. None of you can lift the curtain that conceals the events of 1874 ; but if you will commence with the purpose, as well as the wish, that the year shall be to you all a fruitful one in spiritual progress, then you need not fear what coming time will bring. Eesolve from this day that your be- loved Elders and caretakers, who love you ' with that love which God does bless,' shall have nothing from you but truthful words, and ready obedience. For nothing is beautiful but truth. This sentiment, though true, has been deplorably neglected. But truth does not need untruth to bring out its beauty. The object of uttering an untruth is generally to conceal a fault; but, as this end is seldom attained, the one who utters it adds another to it. In point of prudence, even, an honest confession will always serve you better. Truth is all important. It alone, more than all other qualities put together, will give character to youth, and is of itself a rich inheritance, of greater worth than mines of silver or gold. It is related of one of the ancient kings, that, when asked what was the first thing he learned, he replied, ' To tell the truth.' He was fortunate in having good instructors. Had he lived in this day, many would have instructed him differently. Remember, then, if you wish to be loved and respected, you must be known; but you cannot be known unless you speak the truth from your heart, and act the truth in your life. Again : The mariner who should put to sea without chart or compass, trusting to his own knowledge, would, without doubt, on the first stormy night, bitterly repent of his folly. How much greater is the folly of those who, trusting to their own ways, refuse to be guided by the ' Spirit of Truth,' which would lead them to perfect happiness. There is a way that seemeth right, but the end there- of is death. Prov. 16 : 25. Here, then, is the conclusion: Imminent perils surround the youth ; but the greatest of all perils is the danger of trusting to your own heart. Youth, beware ! lean not to your own understanding; own God in the appointed Lead, and all will be well. Though you are weak and unwise, yet God is wise and strong, able to guide and protect all who trust in Him. Daniel Orcutt, Enfield, Conn.