Mt. Lebanon, Sept. 25th, 1873 Beloved Elders, &amp; Brethren &amp; Sisters of the Gathering Order : I was agreeably surprised to find the ' Social Gathering ' in our dwelling-room, when I came in for meeting on Tuesday evening, and am delighted with it, containing, as it does, many excellent hints for our guidance and travel all along the way. It was a real casket, handsomely and tastefully prepared without and within, ornamented with buds of promise, blooming flowers, and ripened fruitage, the products of a self-denying life Those offerings, proceeding from the heart and life of the contributors, reminds one of the pellucid waters of life, which rise beneath the Altar of Self sacrifice, and flow from under the threshold of the Temple down into the great Sea of human nature, to heal its muddy waters, that the fish therein may live in preparation for the Gospel net. Beloved friends, it brings your spirits very near, aa they often are ; and I hope the life of every one whose name is there recorded,, and all others who have entered the Gospel field, may ever continue under the Altar as a well of ' living waters springing up unto everlasting life;' and that they may glow as stars of di- vine light and beauty, beneath the graduallyextending canopy of the New and Spiritual Creation. Surely there can be nothing so beautiful and glorious on this earth, as the clean, consecrated, subject sons and daughters of our Heavenly Parentage. O may I never mar this beautiful relation, which is really worth tenfold the sacrifice required to gain it — yea, a hundred-fold! My feelings were with you all that day. If I had been in need of rest from toil, and were allowed my choice as to how to take it, I would have been with you bodily, without the least desire or temptation to be anywhere else. I am thankful for what you have given us. It is indeed seldom that such a clean messenger, so free from mixture of earth, or taint of error, goes forth in a visible form to enlighten the denizens of this benighted planet. And, if it should be but little heeded now, it will inevitably sow seed that will spring up in some soils, and extend with a widening influence, as the ages roll on, and the actors grow strong by increasing toil and sacrifice. 2 Reformers, and even anti-christians, having little else than moon or starlight, though they sometimes hit upon real gems of truth, yet are they so embedded in earth, or surrounded by darkness, as to be often like a torch in a cavern: bring them out to the sun, and their light ceases to appear. Hence their fire, brought down from heaven in the sight of men, only enlightens those who are in a like degree of darkness. And so far as they hold the truth in unrighteousness, like those who hear the sayings of Christ and do them not, their impure affections and desires, which are the windows of the soul, are like stained or colored glass, adjusting the light to their pleasures or fancy. The light of mere natural reason, unaided by the wisdom that comes from above, is both adjustable and movable from place to place, and allows its possessor, like one carrying a lantern, to wander in the wilderness of the natural life, as far and as long as he pleases. Not so with the revealed light that shines in Zion, which proceeds from the primal Source of unchangeable principles, in a direct line through an orderly channel, inviting the wanderer to return thither, and to dwell in a fixed place of abode, in a quiet resting-place, and peaceful habitation, which shall never be taken down, nor one of the stakes thereof be removed forever. Here our God has become unto us a place of broad rivers and confluent streams, wherein shall go no galley (labored system or creed) with oars, neither shall gallant ship (of human invented schemes) pass thereby. Therefore have we received garments of praise for the spirit of heaviness, and the oil of joy for mourning; for, in the Orders of the Gospel, the Law of Mount Zion, we have a fixed light which will not veer to human caprice and folly, nor accommodate the worldly-wise and carnally-minded; and, if we find we are getting on colored glasses, we can have them removed, if we desire it, by dipping in Jordan, which is but coming into the light of the true and faithful witnesses, who are appointed as watchmen to guard our city, whose walls are salvation, and her gates praise. By thus doing, we renew vital contact with that word of Truth, which is the light of the heavenly and only true life. All such have access to the sanctuary of holiness, where God has promised to meet and commune with us. Beloved Elder Frederick, Eldress Antoinette, and co-laborers, your lives of devotion are known. We bless your lives of consecration ; and may we imitate your righteous example, by obedience and faithfulness in the trust committed to us, to prove our sincerity by good works. In much love, from your brother, who is deeply interested in all efforts to hasten the work which shall cause the knowledge of the goodness and glory of God to cover the earth as the waters cover the seas. PS. Our Elders unite in sending their love. Alonzo Hollister