THE NEW HEAVEN The Shaker and Shakeress sends kindlygreetings, and would fain waft joyous influences of love, and all-inspiring hope, over the whole 'Household of Faith;' not omitting its host of other friends, in the Natural Order, for the year 1874. We commence the new volume with thoughts upon the new heaven ; and we bless those who ' let patience have its perfect work ' while they are creating it. And, through suffering, may the Shaker and Shakeress be made more perfect. A glorious hope inspires us on, To bear the burthens of our day ; A living faith bids us be strong To reign o'er wrong undauntedly. For lo, we see the heavens bend, The Angels come with choicest things; And to their home we would ascend — Mount upward, as on eagles' wings. To the ' new earth' we have given a ' place ' to be, when truth-loving souls in the outer order shall have created it. But we would now sing of the ' new heaven ' in its purity and spiritual beauty, as distinct therefrom as is the sun from the moon. ' Come hither,' said the Angel, ' and I will show thee the Bride, the Lamb's wife.' Marriage in the ' new earth ' will be between one man and one woman; but, in the language of the Christ Spirit, it is a union between the Male (or Jewish Pentecostal) Church, and the Female (or G-entile Pentecostal) Church. They were betrothed 1840 years ago (' He that hath the Bride is the Bridegroom), and have now just grown to ' the measure of the stature of man ' and woman—Two Orders— in Christ.' Jesus and the twelve Apostles of the Father Church, as representatives of the spiritual principles which should be revealed to and in the Mother (or Gentile Pentecostal) Church, were the ' corner stone ' and foundation of the Jewish Pentecostal Church, which had the Mosaic Law as a basis, but did not possess the revelation of the Mother Spirit in Deity, or in Christ. The Gentile Pentecostal Church, however, does possess that inestimable treasure— the revelation of the Mother Spirit; but, being ' without the Law ' of Moses, it cannot, at present, sing the song of Moses, the servant of G-od — all of those beautiful natural truths which will constitute the glory of the ' new earth,' as set forth in our preceding article, in 1873. During the 1260 years' reign of Antichrist ending in 1792 or 3,* these two systems, or* In this, Cumming, Snimeal, and the Shakers, respectively (in their critical calculations) agree. ders, and peoples existed, one on earth, the other in the spirit world, and acted upon each other for the progress of the race. The holy Jerusalem, or city of the Jews — the first Pentecostal Church — ' was caught up to God,' away from the persecuting spirit of heathen Rome, and was his throne in the spirit world; and was also the source and fountain of inspiration to the ' two witnesses,' who were continually delivering their testimony, and being slain by the ' beast and its image ' — Catholicism and Protestantism ; first physically, then spiritually; until the kingdom of Antichrist has become full of their ' dead bodies ' — ' names ' — sects. When, in the fullness of time, the Christ Spirit began, through female in England, to be revealed, as it had been revealed through a male in Judea, the Church had to flee from the face of the English Lion, as it had ' fled from the face of the Roman Dragon; ' for, at that time, there was 'no place' of refuge for it upon earth. Therefore ' it was caught up ' to the land of souls. Persecution had ' destroyed the body' but could not destroy the spiritual organization. But, in 1774, the Church ' fled into the wilderness of this 'new world,' from the face of the English Lion, and it came to the help of the American Eagle. For Mother Ann proclaimed the Independence of the United States Government that should be finally and successfully established ; as also liberty of conscience, through its agency. John continues: ' He (the Angel) carried me away, in spirit, to a great and high mountain, and showed me (in the spirit world) that great city, the holy Jerusalem ' — the Jewish Christian Church (in which there had been a war between the saints and the Dragon and his angels — Roman heathens in the spirit world — until they were cast out), ' descending out of heaven from G-od ; ' see Rev. xxi. It had a ' wall' of separation from the 'new earth,' 'great and high; twelve gates, and twelve Angels ' guarding them ; ' and names written thereon, which are the names of the twelve tribes of Israel. For in the spirit world, as on the earth, Jesus was sent to its 'lost sheep.' The city was four-square, and, when measured, it ' was a hundred and forty-four cubits, the measure of a man, that is, of the Angel; ' the number twelve denoting the natural, or generating man ; twelve times twelve, the celibate or resurrected angelic man. And the many ' precious stones ' bear to the earthly man and woman — the ' new earth'—the same relation that resurrection spiritual principles bear to the heavenly man and woman, or 'new heaven.' There was seen no physical 'temple, and neither sun nor moon; for the glory of G-od did lighten it; and the Lamb'—the Christ Spirit—'is the light thereof.' It was spiritual to that degree, that neither John nor his inspiring Angel, who was one of the ancient 'Prophets,' could comprehend it. Nor has any generative man or woman ever been able to look into this Apocalyptic book without becoming blind; and ' any such person attempting to explain this book is crazy, or will become so.'—Emerson. Yet the natural man and woman in the ' new earth ' may ' walk in the light of it,' as of a spiritual sun; for the Law of Moses shall go forth from Zion, and the word of revelation shall come up from Jerusalem. And ' the kings '— leaders in the earthly order — 'shall bring their honor and glory into it.' 'And the gates thereof shall not be shut at all by day; for there shall be no night there.' But there will be a continual ascension of individuals from the 'new earth ' into the 'new heaven.' Yet ' there shall in nowise enter into it any thing that defileth, or that worketh abomination, or that maketh or loveth a lie; ' but only those whose virgin characters are 'written in the Lamb's book of life.' 'Blessed,' in the 'new earth,' ''are they who do his commandments, that they may finally have a right to the tree of life'—of spirituality; and may enter, through the gate of confession, into the city of God — the ' new heaven'—while yet in the body. 'They sing a new song before the throne,' or Church, which none but the twelve times twelve can learn; these being 'virgins,' who were 'redeemed from the earth, and are not defiled ' with generative men or women. The first Gospel Church had its representative men; the second, its representative women. These two are the ' angels who neither marry nor give in marriage.' ' I looked, and behold a white cloud, and upon the cloud one sat, like unto the son of man'—a woman — 'having on her head a golden crown, and in her hand a sharp sickle. And to her an Angel said: Thrust in thy sickle, and reap; for the time has come for thee to reap; for the harvest of the earth is ripe ; and she thrust in her sickle, and the earth was reaped.' Does not Shaker celibacy reap a man or woman from the earthly order, and bring it to an end in them ? But 'the plowman may overtake the reaper,' and the sower may soon follow; and thus the Two Orders — ' the new heaven and the new earth'—may run parallel forever; 8HAKEE AND or until this planet is exhausted of its vitality, and falls back into the sun, from whence (some say) it was originally projected. It is a well-known fact, that the Churchand-State theologians utterly ignore the Mosaic Law; and that, from the days of Constantine to those of President Edwards, they have waged against it an unrelenting war. Gentile Christianity rests upon the Justinian Code and the Roman Pandects, exactly as Jewish Christianity rested upon the Law and the Prophets. Blackstone refers, not 1o Jewish, but to Roman Law as authority. In the relation of the sexes, and of property, 'an English woman,' says Dixon, 'is far worse off than any of her swarthy sisters of Egypt, or Bengal.' ' We get our marriage laws from the Roman Pandects; the Moslems get theirs from the Koran. In this difference of origin lies the secret of their difference in tone and spirit. Our laws have a civil and commercial source; theirs a moral and religious source. Primarily, theirs are Mosaic, as Mahomet was a lineal descendant of Abraham, through Ishmael, his son.' (P. 294.) ' Here, indeed, an inquirer strikes his ax upon the root of our ' Babylon ' system. Our life is a divided duty : a moral life based upon the G-ospel; a family life based upon Civil Law. Thus, while our morals have their life in Christianity, our statutes have their root in Paganism.' '' The truth is, we English and Americans have hardly yet embraced Christianity as a scheme of life. We find our religion at church ; and, when we have sung our psalms, and breathed our prayers, we go back into the streets, to be governed for another week by our Pagan Law.'