THE POOR ' The poor ye have always with you,' said Jesus. As the cold, bleak winds of winter are howling about our dwellings, and we gather into our comfortable apartments, made so by the consecrated labors of our predecessors in the Gospel work, coupled with the toils of many who are still with us, how appropriate it is for us to reflect upon the condition of thousands of our fellow-beings who are as good by nature, and perhaps as sincerely desiring to please God (according to their conception of right) as ourselves, and who are filled with dismay at the prospect before them of not being able to meet the inclemency of the winter that has opened upon us with such severity. There are strong forebodings of suffering among the poorer classes, in consequence of the recent financial crisis, which has thrown many honest laborers out of employment, and which is, more or less, affecting all departments of business. What an opportunity is now offered for the exercise of Christian charity, that most precious of all Gospel virtues. Many are destitute of suitable clothing, and are without the means to procure fuel to make them comfortable, while others are not even sheltered from the piercing blasts so keenly felt by the homeless wanderer. How sad the reflection that so many human beings (who are brought into existence without their own volition), who are forced by circumstances over which they have no control, to eke out a miserable life of suffering and want, only now and then receiving temporary alleviation. Nor is this all; degradation and crime frequently follow in the wake of those who are destitute of the means of subsistence ; for it has been said truly, that ' hunger is a sharp thorn ; ' and, under such circumstances, temptation to sin is very great. The prayer of Agur, recorded in Scripture, was dictated in wisdom : ' Give me neither riches nor poverty, but feed me with food convenient for me, lest I be full, and deny thee, and say,' Who is the Lord ?' or I become poor, and steal, and take the name of God in vain.' Would it not be well for those who are rolling in affluence and luxury to pause, amid their lavish expenditures, and remember the words of the Saviour : ' The poor ye have always with you.' And again, ' Inasmuch as ye have ministered unto the necessities of the least of these little ones, ye have ministered unto me.' Rhoda R. Hollister, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.