'A WOMAN CLOTHED WITH THE SUN.' (Kev. xii.) As my eye glances eagerly over the precious outbreathings of the last S. and S. how grate- ful I feel for the truthful thoughts on ' Sunlight.' Truthful, because they commend themselves to our reason, our knowledge of science, our experience, our intuitions, and last, but not least, to our own inspirations, as well as those of the Scriptures. For it would seem that the Prophets and Apostles of the past, from their oft-repeated allusions, understood and acknowledged the powerfully-curative influences of sun-light. The truths of religion are compared to light, sun-rising ; and one of the Prophets foretells, ' But unto you that fear my name (or that dare not violate my natural laws) shall the Sun of Righteousness arise with healing in his beams; and ye shall grow up as calves of the stall.' As the light of the natural sun pierces into the dark and chilly abodes of earth, it cheers, invigorates, and tones up the circulation, making even the desponding feel that life is not so bad after all; and one more effort must be made. Even so, when the rays from ' the Sun of Righteousness' begin to penetrate the crust of worldliness and sin, which, like a damp vapor or chill, has kept the eyes from seeing, and the heart from feeling, the warm and salutary influences from the spiritual Sun ; then each dormant germ of love and goodness responds to the quickening and vivifying influences, and, starting in the spiritual life, begins to put on conditions of growth. And, when they become awakened to see and feel the love from that blessed Mother who is represented as ' the woman clothed with' the warmth and glory of ' the Sun,' and that when like her the moon (and works of darkness) are under their feet, they too can become conquerors, and have dominion over themselves ; and their crowns will manifest the progress they have attained in the Christian virtues. And, as their victory becomes more complete, and these twelve stars shine more brightly, they find that this power with which they become clothed, heals them from their earth wounds, and gives them 'joy for the spirit of heaviness;' and they would fain live and bathe in the invigorating influences of not only the spiritual Sun, but its most fitting representative in the natural heavens. As the aches and pains of the body vanish away under its rays, and life becomes healthy, labor ceases to be a burden, self-denial seems easy, cares and burdens vanish, and, with the Psalmist, we exclaim, truly, ' Light is sown for the righteous, and gladness for the upright in heart! ' While no forces in Nature are so potent for growth in use and beauty, so are none so sweet, so silent, and withal so powerful, as those represented by the loving, feminine attributes of Deity, as unveiled in the Revelator's thrilling vision of the maternity of the two manifestations of the Christ Spirit,through ' the woman clothed with the sun.' And that through her painful travail, and repeated persecutions, the Christ manifestations have found access to mortals, we will ever rejoice; for ' now is come salvation, and strength, and the kingdom of our God, and the power of his Christ;' and ' whosoever will' may take of these saving influences freely. Thanks, then, for the blessed sunlight, with its healing and consoling magnetisms, so significant of the powers of good, in banishing the sins and wrongs of the past, and the darkness of superstition, with the gloom of ignorance and oppression. And may it never be said of any of us, that ' this is our condemnation that light has come into the world, but we chose darkness rather than light, because our deeds were evil,' and would not bear the searching light of the full-orbed Sun of day. May we ever be ' children of the light,' walking and toiling, speaking and breathing, in the light, that the image of our heavenly Parents may shine in us, even the ' Sun of Righteousness,' and his purified Bride, all ' glorious within.' E. H. Webster, Harvard, Mass.