A SHINING PAGE OF HISTORY I saw a page of history written in words of gold — Truth — and gleaming with the light of the sun — Revelation. Other pages were turned, but none were so lustrous ; some bore the stain of blood — war; some had dark spots—spiritual sins; others were wreathed in chains, implying tyranny and oppression, on others, again, there was light in the beginning, while a cloud overshadowed the close; signifying a commencement in the Spirit, and an ending in the works of darkness. I could not clearly define the reading on the shining page, because of its brightness ; but, was impressed thus. The history of all religions is stamped on the ages, and on humanity. Behold what God hath wrought in this latter day. The organization of Believers in Christ's Second Appearing, purely spiritual, and founded in revelation which arose cotemporary with the free infidel American Government, has stood a century in the rectitude of the undying principles of righteousness and practical religion. Its history is untarnished by any of the unhallowed deeds of vain ambition, gross superstition, or sanctified lust, which have dimmed the lustre of goodness, and set the ' mark of the beast' in the forehead of religion, in times past; stifling the sources of inspiration, and binding the consciences of men with priestly power. ' The wisdom that cometli from above ' has confounded the wise of this world, and brought to naught the understanding of the savants of earth, through the mediumship of an unlettered woman, whose soul drank in the inspiration of the heavens, until it was divinely illumined, whose spirit was uplifted to the Christ sphere, where she was imbued with a baptism of God's love, which is fire to evil, and which led her to confess and forsake sin, regenerating her life through the agony of death ; thus preparing her to come forth, clad in the armor of righteousness, with the breastplate of truth, to bear a testimony so powerful that it has shaken the foundations of the old heavens — false theology, the pompous mockery of religion ; and the old earth — the Adamic life in man and woman ; supplanting these with the foundations of a new Order — with virgin purity (the Christ life) as the basic principle, on which shall be reared the glorious structure of the Second Christian Temple. Behold the consummating work of God's perfective plan for the redemption of mankind, turning the powers of mind and soul into channels of divine thought and lofty aspiration. Thus is His Spirit (through His appointed mediatorial agencies) acting on the souls of honest men and women, who drink in the Christ testimony, in its second unfoldment, ' as the thirsty ox drinketh water.' Such are the virgins, standing on a sea of glass,' the white ' cloud of witnesses ' who testify of the efficacy of the work of God in the ' latter day.' They worship neither man nor woman, but the attributive principles which constitute Deity — the Eternal Father and Mother of all intelligences. Their toil is worship, because consecrated to the good of the greatest number, and performed in the high-toned spirit of Christian love, which redounds with blessing to the Giver. Their altar of prayer is the hallowed sanctum of the heart, where faith supplicates, hope inspires, and conscience rules. Their strength in unity is goodness. Their pledge of honor, truthfulness of word and action. In daily duty, Progress is the watchword. No formal creed, with bolts and bars, confine the soul within the narrow limits of sectarian dogmatism ; but broad as the universe of our beneficent Creator, so lie the unexplored fields of scientific and spiritual truth, which stand in harmonious relation one with the other. Search for the diamonds and gold ; bring hither the sparkling gems of wisdom and knowledge; for the Lord's Temple shall be the conservatory of all good, and His people shall be a praise in the earth, because of the righteousness and purity maintained in their lives. Martha J. Anderson, Mt. Lebanon.