New York, November 24,1873 Elder F. W. Evans, Messenger of the Lord — the Female in Deity: Accept the warmest thanks in behalf of the Shaker sisters of New York City, whose sentiments you so bravely and admirably expressed in Robinson Hall last Sunday evening. Not in the whole city of New York, or Brooklyn, do we know of a platform where Woman is invited to advocate the grand truths which for years have inspired her, from what you would doubtless term the seventh or Christ Heaven. Man is the great red dragon who has usurped every place of honor and trust, and who faces her in the wilderness travail of her soul. Does she want a church ? a man owns and controls it. A public hall ? she must apply to a man. Even the deciding power of who shall supply the rostrum of the liberal Spiritualists is a man, or a woman whom man places in power. The qualifications in Woman for pre-eminence and preferment demanded by man are not Shakerism, but they are those that will pander to his lusts either under the cloak of ' Free Love ' or beneath the darker mantle of hypocrisy. Who are the women that can support a pa- per in New York city ? Those who advocate and practise ' Free Love.' Who are the women whose lectures are reported in the newspapers and who can get a ' respectable ' man to introduce them to a public audience 1 Those whose bodies and souls are under the psychological influence of man. Would woman build or hire a hall for herself, she has no money, no strength — nothing. Every place of business is run by man, and he dolefully stints her wages even ; she often compromising virtue to hold any place. Is she the wife of a millionaire, she is no less a slave. He carries the purse, and will lavish its contents only upon doll faces who will gratify his passions. Intellectual and inspired women have no foothold upon earth ; and, while the Shaker brothers brought along an equal number of their sisters to occupy the Spiritual rostrum, they were welcomed by the Spiritual brothers, but the Soul-women of this movement were not even notified of their coming, or given the liberty to express their glad welcome before the public. And the only place among the Spiritualists, even where they can possibly obtain a hearing is at the ' Spiritual Conference.' Here, each person (every Sunday) who first commands the floor, has the privilege of ten minutes free speech ; and, if a woman is spry and bold enough, she can push her way, in spite of tonguey and aggressive men that j ump the moment the last speaker is seated. Woman, subjugated by man, has brought forth monstrosities, great red dragons, whose horns of power have hemmed her up in this Great City of Babylon, from which she has apparently no avenue of escape; (but she hails in Elder F. W. Evans a sign and promis of future deliverance ;) that is the reason the country is on the verge of ruin ; that is the rea son licentiousness prevails; therein is the cause of 'great expectoration,' and why the tormenting smoke of tobacco ascends upwarc forever and ever. The country is flooded by the dragon, anc Woman is suppressed in her birth-pangs for the nation. And this is her only opportunity of stealing a chance to offer the right hand of fellow ship to our dear Shaker brothers and sisters The travailing Daughters of Zion in New York City