MEETINGS OF SHAKERS AND SPIRITUALISTS IN NEW YORK That the Metropolis needs a baptism of salvation, equal to the supply of water that sur- rounds it, some will hardly deny. If this salvation should ever reach any of its denizens, it will be through the instrumentality of those who are saved from the sins with which this and other cities are notoriously afflicted. They need ' Saviours.' Upon the appeal of a lover of truth — J. M. Peebles — that ' Zion must have a hearing in New York,' ten of us girded ourselves for the mission, and were hailed by the beautiful morning of Nov. 22d, 1873. We quartered at the hospitable 'New Hygienic Home ' — clean, quiet, and restful — at whose head stands Dr. Miller, who finds it more difficult to relieve his patients of the effects of other doctors' medicines than to effect permanent relief from disease. As a ' Home,' or ' Cure,' we recommend travelers to 41, West Twenty-sixth street. On Sabbath morning, we repaired to Robinson Hall, which was soon comfortably filled by a thoughtful and respectful audience. J. M. Peebles welcomed and introduced us in (as we felt) very flattering terms, which we are laboring to feel may some day be deservedly bestowed. Singing, by the excellent choir of the 'North,' followed, with much interest. The writer was next introduced; and, though our efforts were very well received, we proved only a kind of John Baptist to the speaker of the evening, which we were contented and duly prepared to be. Eldress A. Doolittle followed in a few well-timed remarks upon the increased facilities for obtaining knowledge of the truth, and the necessity of obedience thereto. Her words were received with evident satisfaction, and much outward approval. A few more songs, and then our Morning Meeting closed. In the Afternoon, we attended the Lyceum, spoke to, and sang for, the children, and witnessed the movements of the Spirit upon some individuals, who lost all control of themselves. In the Evening, we reached the Hall early, yet found it nearly filled with impatient auditors of seemingly select minds, who were conscious of their needs, and appeared to realize that they were soon to receive satisfaction. A few songs opened the meeting. Elder F. W. Evans came forward, and taking for his theme the Leaders of the December and January Nos. of the ' Shaker and Shaker ess,' spoke, for more than two hours, as we never, upon any occasion, heard him or any other man speak. Thus to hold an audience, as crowded as was that, for so long a period, required both talent and the power of truth to accomplish. Several Reporters for the City Press occupied places on the platform ; and, although beginning with the speaker, they soon became too interested to continue reporting. We followed him for an hour and a half, reporting sufficient to fill six columns of this our Monthly, when we too became enchained by seeing and hearing. Such indeed was the discourse, that we should require six times its period of delivery to report the whole of it. There were laid down the most thoroughly radical premises in truthful systematic theology ; and upon these were built up the beautiful structures of a new earth and a new heaven. Arts, sciences, history, orthodoxy, infidelity, land re- forms, land limitations, social life with sectarian proclivities, lawyer-craft, priestcraft, and doctor-craft, all came in for their share of elucidation and justice at his hand. The utter abandon with which he scathed the rottenness of man-made creeds, and hypocritical professions, surprised me; and the thought that we were ' bearding the lions in their den,' led to reflections upon what might be the consequences. Jesus said far less to the Jews, for which they crucified him. And the fact that round upon round of applause greeted the speaker, evidenced the highly-liberal preparation of the people for truth, and their appreciation of the spirit no less than the letter of the Constitution of our country. Time was, and that not long since, when a safe conduct would have been necessary, after such a delivery in this same city. One man, of fine intellect, said to me: ' No one but a Shaker would have been permitted to speak like that, without a tragical ending.' So we thought, so think we now. But of one thing we are assured : Just such facts and undeniable logic, carried into effect in that most wicked of cities, would prove the salvation of thou- sands. The sister of R. D. Owen remarked: 'If this nation is ever saved, it must be through the Shakers.' Other women returned heartfelt thanks for the clear, lucid advocacy of their rights and interests by the speaker. One remarked : ' This city needs just such salting, at least once a year, to keep its rottenness from reaching the nostrils of an avenging heaven.' And that noble-hearted, eccentric, but honest, infidel — George Francis Train —who says that he does not believe in a God, or in a Jesus, or in a hereafter, but does believe in Elder Evans and the Shakers, after reaching the Institute, sent up the following note: ' Dear Elder Evans, Congratulations on your magnificent lecture. It should have been taken down in short hand, and published all over the world. You should write it out, and print it in the ' Shaker and Shakeress.' ' Many thanks for so handsomely shutting off the call of the audience, as I requested before you went down. My speaking days are over. The time for action is now at hand.' 'George Francis Train.' The evening proved rainy ; but this was for- tunate ; for the Hall would not have held a third of the number who undoubtedly would have made the attempt at an entrance, but were prevented by the unfavorable weather. This Meeting will prove but a forerunner ; and then we move : Ho ! for the Cooper Institute ! Elder G. A. Lomas, Watervliet, N. Y.