Dear Eldress Antoinette We would say a word to you concerning the ' SJmker and ShaJceress.' It is a blessing to the woz-ld, and we want it continued ; for it is among the brightest stars that ever shone in the New Heavens, or lighted the New Earth May no dark cloud ever obscure its brilliancy or dim its lustre! Though it was small in its beginning, yet it has thrown great light upon inquiring minds. Believers need it, to guide their feet up the high hills of Truth, and through the greei fields of progression. When the toils of the day are over, we can look upon its pages and find inspiring thoughts and glorious hopes, and are lifted in spirit above the perishable things of time, and feel joy anc rest. It is a comforting Angel! Gospel Truth s written upon its wings of snowy whiteness. '.t is like a beautiful banner of purity waving n the soft breezes of love, which blow from ;he summer land, which lies just beyond. It nust not, shall not fade away ! I send a few thoughts upon ' Woman ;' and if you think proper, please give it a little corner in the ' Shakeress.' THE VOICE OF WOMAN In this age of progress, when the sunlight of heaven is shedding its golden rays of divine revelation upon us, and a deep and holy inspiration, from the Eternal Fountain of Goodness and Love, kindles anew the fires of truth in many prepared souls, there is still a voice of lamentation heard in our land. Whence does it proceed ? from the virgin daughters of Zion 1 Ah, nay ! ' These are they upon whom the ends of the world have come '— the end of the generative life. It comes from those who have been oppressed by the iron rule of fashion, and public opinion, and held in bondage by old theologies and commands, such as Paul gave in his time : that ' women should submit themselves unto their husbands in every tiling — keep silence in the churches,'—and if they really wanted to know any thing, they might 'ask their husbands at home.' That part of the Scripture text has been remarkably well remembered ; but ' Husbands, love your wives as Christ loved the Church, has been little thought of, and less understood and acted upon. Many enlightened females, in this day, are becoming restive under the yoke thus imposed; and are seeking for newly-inspired Apostles, who will give new commandments that will meet the demands of the present age, and give woman power over her own body, and an equal right with man, to think, speak, and act according to the dictates of her own reason and conscience! Error darkens the windows of the soul; and is ever blind to its own weakness and deformity. We now hear the cry ' Let there be light!' and let Truth sweep error away, and triumph over every form of evil! Now, the question arises,' What is the duty of the daughters of Zion who have fled the house of bondage, and, through the Christ baptism, have found liberty, being no longer ser- vants to sin ? Is it not our duty to hold that liberty sacred, and to use it to help others of our sex to attain to the same condition of freedom ? Let us arise, and, like the good Samaritan of whom we read, reach out the helping hand to aid in the glorious work of emancipating Woman from her present condition of servitude to the lower instincts of her natureLet us proclaim aloud, ' There is redemption, for Woman ! ' Let us seek, by precept and example, to draw souls away from the paths of sin, which lead down to destruction. Within the past few years, much has been said, and written, concerning the Bights of Woman ; and a variety of opinions exist to-day upon this important subject. I well remember a few remarks that were made by Eldress A. Doolittle, in a Convention held by the Shakers in the city of Boston, in the year 1869, which, in substance, were as follows : ' Much is said at the present time about Woman's Eights. There is another question which is to my mind of equal importance, i.e. What are Woman's Duties? According to Bible history, Woman was first in transgression! This, the old story, has been handed down from generation to generation, through the past centuries, until we have become weary of it; and we propose a change. If Woman was the medium, in the beginning, of leading man into sin, let her now become a redemptive agent to lead him out of his fallen condition, up to the higher plane of spiritual life ; and, by our good example, and purifying influence, let us blot out the censure that has so long rested upon our sex.' To which we heartily respond, Yea, we have a duty to perform! Let Woman come forth, and act in her proper sphere — the sphere of usefulness, purity, and love — and be what God designed she should be. Let her strip off the garment of pride that she has worn so long, and 5 6 8HAKEE A.ND testify against the evils that are spread broadcast over the land; against the fashions and follies which are so closely interwoven with her existence. Then, she will be able to look with the eye of pity and sympathy upon the erring of her own sex ; and, instead of treating them with coldness and indifference, she will be ready to lift up the fallen,and to remove their worn and tattered garments of ignorance and unrighteousness, and guide them into the straight way, by the cross, which leads to immortal life beyond the shores of time. This is Woman's work ! It is our work, noio, to-day. My Gospel sisters, let us toil early and late, and not be afraid of soiling our hands, if by any means we may win souls to Christ, and help them to find a heavenly parentage, that they may feel a Father's strength and a Mother's love. It is said of Jesus (who was the first to receive the Christ baptism), that lie was tempted in all points like others of our race, Rad was able to succor those who were tempted as he was. And Ann, who was the first baptized daughter of Zion, gained her redemption through tribulation, fasting, prayer,and watch- ing. Let us follow them, and work as they worked; and, like them, depart from all ini- quity. Let us sow the seed of true conviction, and if need be, water it with our tears. Let us enter into the secret chambers of our own hearts, and see that they are clean and pure, fit temples for the indwelling of the Holy Spirit Then we may with confidence pray for suffering humanity, while our feelings are drawn out toward them in sympathy and love. The Gospel of salvation is God's Gift to us ; it is our treasure ; may we keep it pure. Then we shall be ministers of strength to the brotherhood of the ' Household of Faith,' and be as angels of love to one another. We need the united effort of both brethren and sisters, to carry on the great work that is committed to our keeping. We cannot work alone ; we want the aid of men of God, who are strong in the power of truth; those who are honest, pure, and just ; who are able to defend the right, and bless our earnest efforts. Thank God, we have such in our beautiful Zion, and we claim them as our spiritual fathers and brothers in the glorious work of redemption. Eldress Mary A. Gillespie, Alfred, Me.