SELF SACRIFICE I love to reflect upon the deeds of noble selfsacrificing souls, both in the past, and at the present time ; those who have not counted, and who do not count, their lives dear unto them, nor fear the bitter envy, scorn, and contempt of the masses, if by any means they can uplift humanity in the scale of moral purity, and spiritual truth. Such see many evils afar off, and seek to evade, or fend off their direful influence ; and they give their minds to search out the causes which create unhappy conditions, and strive to remove them, that the effects may cease ; and they willingly endure hardship and toil while they keep the one object in view. Although war is unchristian, and belongs to savage tribes (if anywhere), yet I often think of those who struggled to free America from British rule, that there might be one place on this broad earth sacred to liberty, where all nations, kindreds, and colors, might worship God, after this or that manner, as seemed right to them; and I bless the motives which prompted them to action; while conscience, and all the better feelings of my nature, recoil at the means used to accomplish so desirable a result. I love to think of our pilgrim fathers who endured persecution even unto death, rather than violate the truths which were committed to their charge in that day ; how they wandered from mountain to mountain, through dark forests, footsore and weary, the cold clods of earth their couch, the starry heavens their canopy, and the wild beasts their watchers. I honor the Menonites, the Quakers, and the early Methodists, for their self-sacrifice and devotion to principle ; for it was the love of God in their souls which prompted them to hold the truth more sacred than their physical lives, or creaturely comforts. They were once known by plainness of dress and manners, and trueness of life. Where shall we look to find them now 1 Where are the suffering martyrs of to-day, who count the truth of more value than worldly honor, riches, carnal pleasure, and self-indulgence ? Is the martyr spirit dead ? or does it only sleep, to awaken again with renewed energy ? As we come down to the Believers in Christ's Second Appearing, what a noble band of self-sacrificing souls were the pioneers in this work ! and what mental labor and soul struggles they passed through! In tears and strong supplication, they sought for wisdom from on high, to aid them in laying a foundation for the Second Christian Temple, so deep and strong, that neither the winds of false the- ologies, nor the vile passions of men, could ever undermine and overthrow it; and, at the same time, to have it broad enough to admit of an endless increase of all that is true and good. They endured physical, mental, and spiritual suffering, that God might be honored, Truth progressed, and human souls uplifted from moral degradation, and spiritual death, caused by transgression. They did the work of their day nobly, and have gone to their reward in the heavens. Angels bless their labors, and many honest truth-loving souls, who have built upon the foundation of Gospel law and order, which they laid, by the assistance of Divine Wisdom and Love from the high heavens, honor them, and praise their good deeds, while they give glory to God, with hearts abounding in love and thanks. Are we as prepared to give our strength, time, and talents, as freely in our day, and to do and suffer, according to our ability, as they were ? This is a question that all should earnestly put to their own consciences. Shall we be willing to subsist upon the labors of others, without striving to render an equivalent therefor, and to put forth our strongest and best efforts to do something for others ? If so, we shall prove ourselves unworthy, and unprofitable servants in the Lord's vineyard. They who seek to occupy an easy chair to-day, expose themselves to be driven by the winds of adversity to-morrow. If we would wear the laurels of immortal renown, such as purified spirits in the heavenly spheres are constantly weaving into glorious crowns that will not fade or tarnish, then, let us work ; work with the Angels, and with all the good and true in the earth sphere. Let us bless every true reform, and encourage every sincere worker in that field, while we ourselves remain careful to keep the clear line of demarkation and separation between the generative order and life, and the angelic life, which belongs to the resurrection order. Margaret Pattison, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.