DISSATISFACTION The more contented people are in any state short of the resurrection, the more desperate is their condition. Stagnant water is proverbially unhealthf ul. The more men are absorbed, and find enjoyment, in the pursuits of earth for selfish purposes, the less probable is it that they will be quickened by the Spirit of Truth. As long as men are contented with the pleasure which indulgence of their passions brings, and with the comfort which wealth and the present false organization of society bring, so long will they be out of reach of the pure pleasures of self-denial. Indeed, they can have no conception of the fact that there are delights therein, which immeasurably surpass every earthly satisfaction. To them every thing which cuts off any selfish gratification is loathsome. Those who live lives of virgin purity, consecrated to holiness and truth, are to them ignorant bigots. Cut off from all living hope in the future, they cannot realize the welling up of eternal life in the souls of those despised ones. Yet happiness can be found through an awakened and justified conscience alone. But the more we reconcile ourselves to worldly pursuits, with the inevitable consequences — deception, the greed of gain, worldly pride, with more or less of sinking into the mire of sensuality—the more will the conscience become deadened, the farther off will become the prospect of eternal life, the harder will it be to shake off the bondage of the world when truth strikes irresistibly on us. Dissatisfaction alone with existing circumstances, on the part of those who are on Nature's plane, will lead to that yearning after something that can satisfy the soul, which is the best preparation for enlightenment into divine truth. Nothing ought to satisfy a rational being short of the possession of principles which can redeem the soul from the power of evil, and that can bring it into a state of justified relation to the Deity — the only state in which continual progress in Christian qualities is possible. It is not those who are satisfied with an easy, good-natured life, who do any thing to exalt their race. Though they may do but little active harm, they are utterly incapable of making the sacrifice and effort which spiritual progress demands. As the testimony of the First Christian Church was 'Awake from the death of sin,' with a foreshadowing of the resurrection ; so the more vital testimony of the Second Christian Church is 'Awake from the death of Nature,' with the full proclamation of the resurrection for humanity while in time.. Tims, those who cannot be satisfied with natural affections and interests, and with sin, who restlessly and eagerly seek to know and realize divine blessings, such have been the witnesses of God in all ages of the world; such were those who founded the Second Kingdom of Christ on earth; and such are those who are building up that kingdom in this day. But, while the only hope of salvation for man lies in dissatisfaction with a life of nature, sin, and earthly pursuits, he ought not to be ungrateful to God for the blessings wh ch he receives in his present condition. He should be thankful for his existence; for the prospect or the possession of a sphere of usefulness ; for the numberless pure blessings which all men receive unasked from their Creator ; but no man or woman should be satisfied with a state of life in which they are obliged to violate their consciences, in which they are conscious that they are cut off from the life in God. T. J. Stroud, Enfield, Conn.