THEOLOGICAL THEOSURES Herewith I begin a series of papers which will form my theological bank, or treasury. I purpose depositing therein my best tlioughts upon God, and upon Christianity. To me, theology is merely a talk upon God ; while religion is an expression in life of the teach- ings of theology. Many theologies contain much that is good ; others are mixed, being very dark with error; while there are few, if any, that are wholly bad, or yet without fault; while some do approach nearer to the standard of ' when that which is perfect is come.' The best theology will produce the best religion ; and this will be demonstrated by the best and purest life. We care but little for theologies, per se; but are more desirous of knowing what their demonstration in life imparts. Of itself, theology is like the leaves of a tree, useful, but not the fruit. ' I will show you my theology by my fruits.' Better is the expression of a good life, than the world full of theology, without the life. There is much ado over much doctrine ; but the result of Christian theology will be a life like unto Jesus Christ. Theologians, draw up your analogies, illustrate, by the comparison of your lives with his, how near, or how distant you are from him who was ' without fault; ' and learn to value your theologies by the comparison. Are we, a professedly Christian people, followers of Jesus ? If so, what a world of sin and sorrow we are exterminating, and what an incalculable amount of false theology we are burning by the light and fire of truth! Claiming Jesus, endowed hy the Christ influence, to be the standard-bearer of our theology, if we fail to draw this comparison, our claim is unwarrantable, and more : if we discover dissimilarity between our theology and the life of Jesus, we must change our theology,bring tip arrears by a confession and renunciation of our practices in life that differ from the same in Jesus — or we are hypocrites — wandering sheep, who want no shepherd ! The world is growing better in its theology, because there is very much less of it than formerly. The people read and accept truth easier. Even theological expositors have a distant respect for the truths of Paine, however much they hate him for so boldly enun- ciating some justice to them as a class. We are unable to find in the whole area of ' Paine's Works,' a single passage that is more opposed to Christian theology, than are the every-day lives of the bright stars of the popular churches of to-day ! If Paine's theol- ogy was not Christian, let us recollect that he did not so profess ; nor did Washington, Jefferson, Franklin, Lincoln, etc. ; but in these, and thousands of the same ilk, we find the spirit of goodness active — which very much resembles Christianity; and these have con- sciences far clearer than those who profess Christ with their lips, but who hate the idea of having to follow him in their daily lives ! The persecutors of truths uttered by Paine and others, we are reminded, do make Christianity a profession ; are very noisy about it; and express it in every other way better than in their lives! Let us be very careful about the character of our theology — be the same Judaical, Mohammedan, or Christian. So-called ' Christian nations ' deal rather in Judaism, than under Christian influences, and in very poor Judaism at that; while common and popular theologies are a conglomeration of ' What is its,' rather than a resemblance to simple, unostentatious Christianity. Now, we believe in the theology and religion of Jesus, under Christ; and in the same of his followers in life, no matter by what name they are designated. They had, and have, but little theology, but it leavened the whole lump of life — their lives being true religion — practical Christianity. Our deposits in the Treasury will be simple ; our endeavors most sincere. We love Jesus; nevertheless we do not purpose to make an idol or a god of him. We know that he was simply a good Jew ; yet became, by his baptism and subjection to the Christ principles, a good Christian ! Come ye Jews and Gentiles, can you do better than accept his life as your guide ? What among the Jews he wished to be saved from, all will wish to be saved from, if they ever believe in the theology of Jesus, and will make the same endeavors, and take upon them his cross and selfdenial ; for these made a Christian of the Jew! There is only one road to this mill — who wants salvation, let him ' follow,' and live as Jesus lived. Said Pilate: ' I find in him no fault'—the clearest definition of a truthful theology ! And, though the theology of Jesus, under Christ, has been usurped by passion, and profaned to unholy uses, through all time since its enunciation, still its principles are eternal and true. G. A. Lomas