WHAT POOR? ' Sett what thou hast, and give it to the Poor.' The Protestant world has lost the true import and meaning of this saying of Jesus. Hence they consider it impracticable — utterly abstract, if not absurd — having upon them no saving force. Consequently, they quietly ignore it. For instance : ' What' (say they) ' would be gained by the heads of ten fam- ilies, in Stephentown, who, by patient, longcontinued toil, economy, and good manage- ment, have accumulated houses and lands, and a surplus in funds, should they sell all, and collect all, and then distribute it in the town among those families and persons who, from lack of ability, or the non-exercise of the virtues above-named, are comparatively poor? Would Christianity — godliness — be thereby increased and promoted in the town ? Not in the least. Those who earned the property are its best protectors, and, in the aggregate, will make the best and wisest use thereof. ' Sell that thou hast, and give the proceeds to the Church,' was probably what Jesus did say to the ' rich young man.' For he desired to found a Community of goods; but the time had not then come. When it had ' fully come,' rich men and women sold their property, and gave the money to the Apostles, to establish therewith a religious Organization, the Pentecostal Church, with its ' all things common.' And that is just what rich men and women will do in these modern times, by and by. For G-od's people, ' in the day of His power, will be a willing people.' Look upon the ripening harvest fields of the earth to-day; are they not almost ready for the 'sickle' of her who sits upon the ' white cloud '—¦ the Shaker Order — looking so ' like unto the Son of Man ?' What means this general Communistic spirit, that is so wide spread, and so potent ? Combination, Association, Co-operation, Community : these are the watchwords of the advancing hosts of Reformers and Progressists. The Christ Spirit broods over and upon the embryonic elements of the New Creation, which is already in process of forming and organizing in dissolving Bablyon. A few more shadows, and the nucleus of Pentecostal Churches will be plainly dis- cerned, here and there, throughout Christendom ; and the ' cities of refuge ' already ex- isting, will be found by the wanderers on the mountains of desolation, and by the pilgrims who are seeking a ' city which hath foundations,' where they will be welcomed home, even as Joseph welcomed the fathers and founders of the twelve tribes of Israel, of which himself was two—Ephraim and Manasseh—-father and mother. The rich in this world's goods, when ' called,' will cheerfully affiliate with the 'poor in spirit,' and ' rich in faith,' although they may have gathered but little of this world's manna; and the rich and the poor, male and female, those of high and those of low degree, will be all one in the kingdom of Christ Jesus and Christ Ann, the federal Head of the Grentile Pentecostal, or Mother, Church.