SHAKERESS: THE SHEPHERD'S FOLD A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS When Jesus said, ' Other sheep I have that are not of this fold ; them also I must bring, that there may be one fold, and one Shepherd,' he undoubtedly had reference to the scattered witnesses who were strangers and pilgrims on the earth, suffering for truth's sake ; preferring to have their names cast out as evil among the pleasure-seeking throng, and to dwell in caves, and wander upon lone mountains, and in desert places, clad in sheep skins and goat skins, rather than disregard the behests of conscience. ' Of such the world' (those who gave their lives and strength to please themselves) ' was not worthy.' God has always had Prophets and witnesses on the earth, who endured the cross, and bore the burdens of their day, and testified against the sins of the people; and He gave his angels charge concerning them, to uphold, feed and clothe them spiritually; for upon their integrity and firm adherence to principle, depended the progress and weal of the race. By the history of past ages, we le,arn that the unprogressed condition of the people was not adapted to organization upon a basis that could stand. Hence, when the Spirit called, saying, ' Gather my saints together, they who have made a covenant with me by sacrifice,' there was not cohesive power enough to hold them together, and they soon scattered into fragmentary parts. As it would be difficult — we might say impossible — to establish a perfect household in the natural order, without a mother, to counsel, guide, and direct the inmates; so would it also be quite as impracticable to organize and sustain a spiritual Family, or Church, without a Mother's influence and care. The most successful attempt to organize and hold such a body together, of which we are cognizant, was the first Pentecostal Church. Jesus told his disciples that it was expedient that he should go away ; that the Comforter, whom the Father would send in his name, would not come, except he went to him who sent or baptized him (Jesus) with the Christ Spirit. The Trinitarians have always placed the Holy Ghost, or Spirit, among their male Gods. But, why was Jesus so anxious to go to the Father, to intercede and plead for the Comforter to visit the little band of disciples (which only numbered about a hundred and twenty at that time) with whom he had labored, and traveled, and had finished the work that was given him to do ? Did he not yearn in spirit that they might also receive a blessing from the Mother in the heavens ? And, was not the Comforter that came to them and baptized them on that memorable pentecostal day, a manifestation of the Mother Spirit, sent to gather them as a ' kind of first fruits,' and cause them to see and feel, in part, the glories and beauties of the future Church of Christ, when ' the Bride would come forth from her secret chamber,' and when Christ would appear in his full glory, to establish a kingdom with foundations so deep and broad that nothing could prevail to overthrow it ? While the primitive Christians were true to the Spirit that baptized them, and taught them Virgin Purity, Commtinity of goods, and Non-resistance, they were filled with universal love to God and man, and were ' as a city upon a hill, whose light could not be hid;' and they possessed a power that was stronger than men; and a glory rested upon them brighter than earth could give. But it seemed to be well understood, that there would be a falling away of the first Christian Church, before the Church of the second appearing could be established on the earth. The Apostles predicted a declension prior to the time of the second advent, at which period, angels would be sent to sound the trumpet, and gather the scattered sheep — the waiting witnesses — the ' elect,' from the four winds of heaven, to the feast that should be prepared when the united dual voice of the Spirit and Bride should be heard, saying, 'Come, for all things are now ready.' That trumpet has begun to sound. It is not the work of a day of twenty-four hours; but of a day of the Lord — a prophetic period running through many years of time; and those eyes that were steadfastly looking for the second appearing of the Christ ' without sin unto salvation,' have seen and felt the Divine presence and power. And all who had ears to hear the voice of the Spirit, caught the sound, 'Now is come salvation and strength, the kingdom of our God, and the power of his Christ; for the accuser of the brethren' (the generative life) 'is cast out' (crucified). And that trumpet will continue to sound, and the angels will pass to and fro in the earth, in search of the scattered sheep, and will gather them one by one to the good Shepherd's fold.