THE WORK OF THE CENTURY No. 1. She stood upon the mountain's height, The morn of freedom round her shone ; Beneath her were the years of night, With blood-stained hands and eyes of stone. They were not her ancestral train, Her lofty aims they never knew; She came to bid the people reignTo form a system grand and new. She was a stranger sent of God, Through whom all nations should be blest; She laid foundations strong and broad, , Provided for the earth's oppress'd. Priests, kings, and conquerors were they; The Church and State their throne had been ; By law Divine they claim'd their sway, And spurn'd the rights of toiling men. The heritage that God reserved To be the refuge of the race, By daring courage she preserved, Nor gave to Tyranny a place; Where e'er his direful plans were laid, Where e'er his treach'rous armies moved, By sure defeat he was repaid ; Triumphant still the century proved. And, even in our little day, How great the struggle that arose To banish slavery away— That monster of all household foes. With glass reversed, we view it o'er, And strive to fix it on the past; And yet the fearful guise it wore Will haunt our memories to the last. The angels brought the high command, To ' Make Columbia's children free.' They sought the noblest of the land To hew a path for liberty, They call'd the justice-loving Friends, Whom they had taught, in silent hours, To give the country's eyes a lens Through which to scan her crushing powers. They thrill'd the cords in woman's heart, Drew sympathy from every tone, Until she made that cause a part Of all the wrongs that were her own. Where e'er a generous nature glow'd. Where e'er was breathed the gift of song, The floods of inspiration fiow'd, In burning waves against the wrong; Where e'er the thought was clear and brave, These angel messengers were found In earnest pleading for the slave, Whose limbs and hearts alike were bound. The hearth, the pulpit, and the press, Were all invoked to lend their aid ; The lowly heart was claim'd to bless The efforts that the mighty made ; Until there rested in the air, An element like subtile flame — A pressure as of mingled prayer — Yet who could tell from whence it came ? The angels shook the Nation's gates, And blew their trumpets long and loud, Until the crime-encumber'd States Rebell'd with spirit fierce and proud ; And Sumter's gun that woke the land, Sent echoes to the unseen realm, Which brought a war-like spirit-band To take the Nation's broken helm. O paradox in human life ! The hands that sought the captives' weal Were nerved, amid that blinding strife, To dye with kindred blood their steel. Yea, those whose hearts for freedom felt, And strove by righteousness to win, Because in Babylon they dwelt, They were partakers of her sin. The work the angel spirits did Seem'd lost below that passion blaze; And yet the gold was only hid, To be restored in after days. Those legions of the earthly plane Performed their work with dauntless rage, Achieved with speed a precious gain, But brought a loss that none can gauge: We pass beyond the broken homes, The ties that cannot be replaced, The hearts where never sunshine comes, The unapprized external waste, And think of what the Nation lost In weight and talent richly earned ; Of what her reeking altars cost, While souls were scarr'd and bodies burn'd. 0 loathsome fields ! O prison pens ! ' Be ye no more the Nation's shame : With you all vindication ends For violence in Freedom's name. Henceforth must Legislation stand The only Arbiter of right: For God has call'd this glorious land To be redeem'd from battle's blight. There but remains a vail of days Till Woman's servitude shall cease ; 1 see her, through its shining haze, The star-crown'd guardian-friend of Peace. For she who gave the bondman aid While cruel shackles were her own, Shall yet, in Council Halls, persuade That Love and Wisdom are but One. Cecelia Devyr, Mt. Lebanon