VOLUNTARY SACRIFICE The present is, to some extent, an era of inquiry and speculation, if not of application. Many minds are perceiving and giving assent to truth, and are discarding error, to a greater degree than they have hitherto done ; yet, alas ! how far short they come of the real work that will renew and perfect the whole life and character. Many approve the celibate life, and practise it; this is good, and commendable ; but more is requisite to wholly fill the Christian character. They who really ' put on Christ,' by being baptized with his baptism, ' crucify the flesh with all its affections' as well as 'its lusts;' whence spring selfish relation, and individual private property, etc. In the life and character of Jesus may be seen the heavenly attributes and graces; and he proved his love to souls, by the voluntary sacrifice of his own carnal life—self-indulgence and ease, worldly ambition, and love of riches and honor, that he might receive the Christbaptism and be a Minister of the same to others. And herein is a marked distinction between the true Believers in Christ's Second Appearing, who come out of the old inheritance altogether, and form a new home, upon the basis of a Pentecostal Church, in things temporal and spiritual, and those who cling to the old systems, whether they profess to be within the pale of old theologies, or are borne upon the waves of Spiritualism ; it matters little, if the life and fruits produced are the same. True Love, which emanates from the Divine, always incites to individual sacrifice for the general good. It is not narrow, and limited to kith and kin, or to partial preferences ; but it extends to all humanity as God's creation, who, if deserving of his care and notice, are worthy of our love and sympathy. Objections are sometimes presented against the Divine Order which recognizes, and seeks to practically carry out the universality of God's Law of Love and Justice, by those who dwell in the limited precincts of selfish loves, and who cannot see much of interest beyond the generative life, and the conditions and relations which grow out of it. Of course to such there cannot be much form or comeliness in such a life, for they are not prepared to enter into a work that would deprive them of their idols. The reasoning of carnal minds is ever earth-ward, and it is difficult for them to comprehend spiritual things. To such we would recommend that they ' order their ' thoughts and ' conversation aright '—on the natural plane of life where they belong at present, and strive to fulfill the law of reproduction according to the original design; then they will soon begin to reason heavenward, and will gradually progress from the natural to the spiritual, and be able to perceive that they who dwell in .the higher Spiritual Order draw around them Divine influences, which elevate them above the earthly, and lift them into angelic life and love. J. D. Knight, Mt. Lebanon