CAPITAL AND LABOR While thousands, with hearts sensitive to the woes of their fellows, are awakened to study the causes which produce such widespread misery among the poor throughout the country, it can but hasten the coming of that golden age when all suffering and wrong are to cease, if the subject be studied from different points of view, and reviewed by the light of many minds. The immediate cause of this suffering is the disemployment of the laboring class. But why disemployed? Here we meet the evil at the door; the incipient cause is the innate selfishness of the human heart, that prompts the owners of all capital, or wealth in landed estates and manufactories, to use and manage such capital without regard to the normal rights of the laborer. The greed of gain will not perceive the implied and moral obligation contracted by capital to furnish labor a constant means of obtaining a livelihood. Though no human law enforced this obligation, yet the necessities — mutual relation of labor and capital — seal the obligation of capital to sustain, and the right of labor to use, each the other; and every movement of capital which imperils its capacity to fulfill its part of this moral contract is treacherous alike to the interests of both parties; and. when the risks and ventures of capital are extensive, pervading large sections of country at the same time, they sooner or later entail unmitigated suffering upon, the laborer. The broad acres upon which man treads, the air, the sea, and the accumulated wealth of all the earth, owe him a living, if he is willing to return an equivalent in labor. What wonder that crimes increase three-fold during times of destitution? Apparently, the solid men of our great cities would gladly precipitate the demon war upon our already overburdened country, in order to furnish employment to the forty thousand unemployed starving poor. These panics and business revulsions, with their unmeasurable crimes and miseries, are as surely the offspring of tyrannical selfishness as the constant depression and want which old country people suffer, are the outgrowth of selfishness in their arbitrary gov- ernments, which is as subversive of the liberties of the laborers in America as is the present or prospective tyranny of any government that ever ruled and enslaved people. It is easy to show that the ruling relation of the wealthy to the poor are relations of self- interest and fear. In the most prosperous sections of the grain-producing West, the speculators in grain have doubled their purchase-money in the past half-year, and the carriers of this grain, while prices were still ascending, reduced the wages of employes ten per cent at the outset of winter. Self-interest may possess a moral value as a motive for action ; fear does not; it is always an infliction; and, in such times as these, the fears of capitalists are illy disguised, being forced to give a pittance of employment to their dependents, when, to withhold such charity would invite unmeasurable evils upon themselves, because the unemployed laboring class, if capital should persist, even for a short time, to withhold employment, would inevitably help themselves, although it should fill the country with riot. 1O SHAKEEESS. 11 Humanity is progressing away from present conditions, from bondage to selfish customs and conventionalism; they are impelled by a little love, great fear, and greater self-interest, toward the plane of human equality — primal truths — and true liberty, which is begotten by the love of brother. We look with confidence for the day when all unscrupulous claims will cease, when wealth shall minister to universal need and comfort, and not to individual pleasure and aggrandizement, when all implied obligations, and the normal rights of created beings, will be respected, although no human laws enforce them; when co-operation of interests (material and spiritual) will become the necessity of society, and the medium of progress toward the ultimate of the highest practical economy, celibate communism — the guarantee of social protection, and the only possible realization of practical love of one for another as professed disciples of Christ. Henry Hollister, Mt. Lebanon