SPIRIT POWER We do not propose to write a biography, nor an obituary, at this time, but to narrate what was, to us, one of the most marked manifestations of spirit power it has ever been our privilege to witness. On the 15th day of December last, Sister Margaret Pattison, aged forty years (eighteen of which had been spent in the North Family Shakers of Mount Lebanon), was taken ill. There was nothing alarming in her symptoms until the 17th, when she was attacked with pleurisy. For fourteen hours her sufferings were intense, after which, by the great exertions of those who attended her, she was relieved from acute pain; but, having in- herited a frail, diseased body, the weak tenement could not withstand many such violent shocks, and consequently she was left in a very feeble condition, and could only speak in a low whisper. However, she gained in strength a little, and, on the 21st, she was lifted from her bed into an easy chair, and was able to take a little nourishment. On the 22d the pain struck the other lung, and then all hope of her recovery fled. For two hours her sufferings were indescribable; she then sank into an unconscious state, and so remained about two hours more, when she revived and commenced speaking with a loud and clear voice, as if addressing a large assembly. About thirty sisters gathered into the room to hear the utterances of one whose voice (as those who were watching around her bedside thought), it seemed, would never be heard again on the shores of time; but she was resuscitated by spirit agency, and rendered able to speak for about forty minutes. She called every individual by name, and had an appropriate message to every one, and spake as she could not have done except by the inspiration of spirit power. She said, ' 0 how beautiful you look ! I see bright lights all around you. You are far prettier than the lambs that skip upon the mountains ; for you have reason and conscience to guide you; but you all have your natural dispositions to contend with; remember, the power of God will enable you to conquer them. ' My dear young sisters, always speak kindly and gently to each other, under all circumstances, however much you may be tried, and you will feel the blessing of so doing. I know this is true, for I have proved it.' To one of the sisters she said, ' 0 Olive! dear Olive! God blesses you, and the angels bless you.' To another, ' 0 how many times we have walked and taken sweet counsel to- gether !' To another, ' You have always been so kind and good to me, and all have been good to me, every one. 0 how I thank you !' In speaking to the young sisters, she said, ' The angels have come down to bless you ; do you know it? We have formed a bond of union that can never be broken. Keep your faith in view, and never lose sight of the blessed gift of purity! Without purity of heart and life, you will never accomplish any thing in the Gospel work. Be modest and comely in your dress ; and, if you are tempted to do or say any thing to attract the opposite sex, and draw them away from the path of innocence and purity, stop and reflect whether you are honoring God, in thus doing, and turn to your spiritual faith and lend all your influence to uplift your brother into the divine life. Heed the monitions of conscience ; for, under the light of the Gospel of Christ, which shines so clearly in this day, we cannot sin with impunity.' While those who stood and listened to the words of wisdom which fell from the lips and floAved from the heart of one they loved so dearly, and, as they saw the shadows of the death angel gathering over her, the deep feel- ings of love and affection, mingled with sorrow, found relief in tears, she said: Why do you weep? this is a joyful meeting! Come near to me, loved ones, and dry up those tears ; if I go away, I will often come back, and will dance and skip with you on the ever-green hills of Zion. After expressing great thankfulness and joy, that she had found a Heavenly Mother, as well as a Heavenly Father, a theme upon which she dwelt some time, she sang the following words in a full voice : ' I am never forgotten —never forsaken— While I trust in my Mother above; She careth for me, and hath set rue free ; I joy in her unbounded love. O Mother ! bright in thy glory, I see thee, 'mid halos of light, Crown'd in thy victory, bathed in purity! Thy robes are eternally white! ' When the song was ended, she said to some of her companions, ' Did I not tell you that I should go to Heaven singing? ' Again she sank into an unconscious state, and some who saw her, thought she could not live an hour. But, after remaining in that condition about two hours, she again revived, and requested to see the brethren, and, as they gathered into the room, we said to her, Margaret, the brethren have come, do you recognize them ? ' To be sure I do,' was the reply; ' I know them all.' She then commenced speaking to them with great earnestness; but her voice was as mild and sweet as the whisperings of an angel. She said, ' How thankful I have always been to meet with you on consecrated ground, to worship God. Be faithful, brethren, to devote your strength and life to the upbuilding of the Zion of God in all things. O beautiful Zion ! Many of you are young in faith ; but you are men of intellect, and have come in at a good age. You have proved the world and could not find peace and rest to your souls there. Now be ' true to your call, and you will grow as willows by the watercourses,' and become rightful inheritors, and Sons, in the blest Israel of God.' To one she said, ' You have forsaken all for the Gospel; and now you will not shrink from its increasing work.' Again she said, ' 0 here is Brother Timothy ! You are one who has ' stood by the stuff' many years. In the strength of young manhood you consecrated yourself to the Gospel work ; and now you pray that you may be re-baptized; and I know you will never SHAKER A-ISTD flinch in duty, nay, never! Many are looking up to you for strength and example ; and you will be one that will support and help to hold up the hands of the Anointed Leaders in Zion, who watch over and guard the true Israel of God on earth.' She said, ' A number of you came across the big waters to hear and receive the blessed Gospel of salvation. There is Brother Emil, who left father and mother, brothers and sisters, houses and lands, in a distant country, for the Gospel of Christ; and our Mother in the heavens owns him as her son, and she blesses him ; for he loves his spiritual faith more than the riches, honors, and pleasures of this vain world. I once heard Brother Emil say, that, when he engaged in certain duties where he felt that a great responsibility rested upon him, he first bowed his spirit in prayer that he might be directed aright, and honor God in his efforts.' Thus she continued to speak for about 80 minutes, and again joined her voice in singing ; but it was a little tremulous and faltering. The last words she was heard to utter were, ' My spirit is gathering into heaven !' She then closed her eyes, and lay motionless several hours, except a gentle breathing, when the spirit, quietly, and without the least con- flict, left the frail casket of earth, for its home in a brighter land. The angels have taken a lamb from our fold, that was almost without blemish! Those who have been the most intimately connected with her in life, say they never knew her to speak unkindly, even under the most trying circumstances; and that, in all her deportment, she has been like a ministering angel of purity. We are aware that our account of the last hours of our beautiful departed sister is meager when compared with the real; indeed, the scene could not be described. Eye and ear witnesses alone know and declare that it can never be forgotten. A number of persons said, it was as much of a miracle to them, as if one had arisen from the dead ; and many who saw her, agree that it was the most complete triumph of Christian faith over the power of death that they ever witnessed. A. D.