FOCALIZED LIGHT Hail ! all hail the hosts immortal, Toilers from the worlds above; Lo I they leave the pearly portals, To extend the work of Love. They are earnest; shall we trifle With the precious truth they bring ? Shall our hearts their kindlings stifle, To retain some worthless thing? Have we shackles, they can break them, If we ask their blessed aid ; Have we germs, they can awake them To a bloom that will not fade. Nature's tree is split and blasted, Gnarly, bitter fruit it bears ; Spring and summer quickly pass'd it, Autumn takes it unawares. But the tree of Life is bending With its rich eternal fruit; Food for souls who are ascending From the cravings of the brute. Still the sword of truth is wielded By the hands of Cherubim ; But the pure in heart are shielded Underneath each laden limb. Man has fail'd of true progression, Crippled by the serpent's bruise, Though he holds in his possession Strength that he has but to use. 'Tis the power of self-denial, Scholars, statesmen, know its worth ; All unquestion'd is its trial, In the outward things of earth. He who seeks for star or planet, Will not join the midnight dance ; He who studies plant or granite, Does not leave his thoughts to chance. There is system, there is order. In the wondrous realm of mind, Science' far extended border Vanguards forward press to find. From the ruby tide, thought-freighted, Flowing through each throbbing frame, To the spirit chain'd and grated, By the griefs without a name ; From the mosses on the mountain, To the sky's bright fleece of snow; From the bubbles on the fountain, To the gems the oceans know; From the wealth that heaven discloses, To the riches earth conceals ; All proud Intellect encloses In the circle of his seals. But the Soul has been neglected In this royal, mental reign — Crush'd, unknown, or misdirected; Hers, the years of cloud and pain ! Let her have emancipation, Give her sunshine, pure and warm ; As she rises, all creation Will assume its highest form. Let us meet in council holy, To discuss the laws of heaven, Bravely, yet with spirits lowly, To receive the truth that's given. Who would shrink, O, who would waver, Weighed by stamp of leaden creed? Who would give his heart in favor Of the serpent and his seed? At this time light focalizes, To consume the power of sin, To destroy the soul's disguises, And to usher glory in. Is there one who would awaken, One with aspirations true ? Know, the heavens and earth are shaken, To convey this call to you. Come ! O come! e'er yet within you Turns to darkness every gleam, Come ! the Angel bands would win you To the Home of which you dream. Cecelia Devyr, Mt. Lebanon