TRUTH AND RIGHT When the 'morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy,' was it merely because the Creator had laid the ' corner stone,' and fastened the foundation of a new world, that they thus felt to express their delight and gratitude ? Or did they feel the inspiration of that Divine truth which cometh from above, and is stronger than the foundations of the earth, and more expansive than the sea which He inclosed within the limits of His Power and Wisdom; that truth which would eventually overspread the earth, and bring its inhabitants, high and low, rich and poor, under its pure rule and equitable government, that caused them thus to lift their hearts and voices? Undoubtedly, by the eye of faith, they looked through the unborn ages of time, and saw something of the work which God would execute in the earth, and felt to exclaim, ' O, ever blessed Truth! hasten thy mission, and speed the work of justice and mercy ! ' If, at so early period of time as the laying of the foundations of the material world in which we live, ' the sons of God shouted for ioy,' how much more cause have the daughters of God to raise a shout of freedom and gladness that the foundation of a new heavenly temple is already laid, and that there is a spiritual power at work that will destroy the sinful works of man's creation, and cause all error to be swept away by the mighty waves of the sea of Truth. The spiritual order is not designed to destroy the true natural order, but to condemn its perversions, and by righteousness (right doing) bring happiness to the hearts and homes of many who, through ignorance of a better way, have sought comfort in dissipation and vain amusement, which, at best, being but a momentary respite to the troubled mind, perhaps to react upon it with fourfold vigor. The daughters of Zion feel deeply interested in the cause of Woman. We own, as our sisters, all womankind of our race, though many are very low in the scale of morals, and in a willing and forced condition of servitude to vile passions; yet there is a germ of immortality somewhere in the soul that belongs to God, though it may be buried beneath much rubbish. And we pray that they may come to the knowledge of saving truth and willingly obey it. True knowledge and obedience thereto will emancipate them from that slavery which now binds them down to the low animal plane of existence, where they are trammeled by fashion, fettered by pride, and are a prey to vile insinuations. Then they will understand what are ' Woman's Rights.' Their first great duty is to study to know themselves, and to understand their duty to God and to their fellow creatures, and to purify their hearts and fit themselves to enter upon the duties of life, feeling the responsibility of acting well their part. Olive Shepherd, Canterbury, N. H.