SHAKER PENTECOST Advertisement.— Wanted. —Men, women and children can find a comfortable home for life, where want never comes, with the Shakers, bv embracing the true faith, and living pure lives. Particulars can be learned by writing to the Shakers, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. In consequence of the publication, on the 7th ult.,of the above advertisement in ' New York Herald ' and ' Sun ' we received, on the 8th, 56; 9th, 42; 10th, 23; and 12th, 14 -total, 135 letters, containing either direct applications to join the Society, or asking information to that end. Two-thirds of these are from young men ; and all (with some two or three exceptions) are well written, and show intelligence, culture, and earnestness of spirit to find the Kingdom of Heaven, if it exists upon earth, and to have a lot and place in it. To each of these writers we have sent publications, and have written to as many as time would permit thus far. Many more will be written to; and will receive this No. of the Shaker and Shakeress. To these friends, and to all who contemplate 'joining the Shakers,' we address the following: 1. Faith is the first requisite — a belief induced by evidence consequent upon rational inquiry and scientific investigation — that the same Christ Spirit that created the primitive Pentecostal Church, composed of Jewish Israelites, has made its ' Second Advent' upon this earth, and has created Pentecostal Communities, composed of Gentile Israelites. They have ' come from the East, and the West, and the North, and the South, and have sat down in the kingdom of heaven,' so much and so long prayed for. 2. Conviction for sin will result from faith; and obedience to the Christ Spirit will ' take away all the sins of the world,' whether physical or spiritual, of ' men, women, and chil- dren.' He that confesseth and forsaketh his sins shall find an ' inheritance in the kingdom of heaven.' 3. Eiches and Poverty come from false organic laws, and form a large part of the world's sins. They cause luxury and destitution ; wasteful, riotous living, and pinching starvation; unphysiological food and drinks, which induce the use of poisonous medicines ; extravagant, health-destroying, and body-deforming dresses, and a scanty wardrobe and rags. Thus is God dishonored by the sufferings of humanity ; and Christianity has become a by-word and a reproach, as being no antidote for the ills to which flesh is heir. 4. ' All things common ' — a Pentecostal Order — is as possible now, to-day, as it ever was, to those who, before a witness, will ' turn the battle to the gate,' and confess their individual sins, and do that which is ' lawful and right,' and thereby ' save body and soul alive.' 5. Now ' the poor and the rich have the Gospel preached unto them ;' and, if these rich will sell all that they have, and give to these poor, thus leveling the mountains and filling up the valleys, there will be Pentecost — a re]igious Community. 6. Be just toward yourselves, and the Society with which you are about to unite, by collecting and retaining in your own possession, all property, whether in money, goods, or clothing, that you may be not only selfsupporting, but a help to those who are poorer than yourselves. He that provideth not for his own kindred in the Lord is worse than an infidel. 7. God's House being a house of order, expect to be subject to the laws of the ' household of faith.' Community is society in its most compact form ; hence there is the greater necessity for laws ; as ' where there is no government, there is no God.' Perfect liberty, in a wordly sense, means individual isolation from all human association. Faith makes obedience practical, and the burden and yoke thereof easy and light. 8. The probationary member is expected to place his property in the hands of the Elders or Trustees, returnable without interest, until, by his own faith, and the consent of the authorities, he is privileged to dedicate it. It does not appear that, in the first pentecost, they waited long for that condition of consecration. 9. The Society puts confidence in individuals as they gain confidence in the Pentecostal Order of the Church; but the Ananias and Sapphira spirit should remain without. 10. Married persons are not received, unless the husband and wife come together; or that they separate by mutual consent, or legal agreement, in relation to their marriage, their property, and their children. 11. We neither take nor reject persons because of riches or poverty. Where many embrace our faith at one time, we may not always be able to provide a home for them immediately, but will do the best we can, according to our ability. Those wishing to visit should notify us, if possible, before they come; and none should come expecting, if not received, the Society to pay their expenses back. 12. ' Where a person's treasure is, there will their heart be also.' Therefore those who dispose of their property to relatives in the world should remain with it. 18. Persons who dedicate property, and afterward withdraw, may have their property returned, without interest, but it is optional with the Society. 14. Probationary members sign an agreement binding themselves to observe the rules of the Order during their sojourn, or until they are prepared to sign the Covenant of the Society. 15. All correspondence is subject to the supervision of the Elders, whether letters, etc., be sent or received. 16. As no person could join the primitive Quakers, or Methodists, and change from their worldly ways in language, dress and demeanor, without suffering a degree of death, how much less shall they become ' new creatures ' in all things in this Pentecostal Church, and not become partakers of the sufferings of Jesus, which he has ' left behind for his body's sake,' of which he was only the Head. 17. Our worship is in spirit, and consists in speaking, singing, marching, and sometimes in ' battles of shaking,' and again in solemn or joyful dances ; in divers operations, as the Spirit moves, and often in prayer and sweet spiritual communings. ' Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.'