THE LECTURE SEASON THE REV. WM. H. H. MURRAY ON 'THE CIVILIZED HEATHEN.' That Music Hall was so well filled such a night as was last, certainly speaks well for the attraction which brought together the audience. The second of the Lyceum course was the allurement last evening, when the Rev. Wm. H. H. Murray delivered his new lecture on ' The Civilized Heathen.' The lecturer began by stating that he had intended, originally, to open up the inner life and character of the American people, so that the faults in each might be seen and avoided. But after investigation, he had found the picture so dark that he shrank from holding it up to view. We live, said he, in a missionizing age. The attempt to civilize a heathen people was based on the idea that American life, customs and religion are better than theirs. This he doubted, and he would put American Christianity against Buddhism, and the American republic against the Chinese empire. He said that if we must call Buddhism heathenism, we must call it civilized heatt enism. It is the most popular religion on earth, the people who profess it numbering over 400,000,000. While the basal idea of Christianity is love, the God of Buddhism is the all-knowing one, and the germ of the religion is a belief in the infinite capacity of the human intellect. The religion is pure rationalism, and seeks converts only by argument and persuasion. Against the oppressions, persecutions, and bloody wars, which go to make up the history of Christianity, he placed the 2300 years of peaceful existence which Buddhism has known. It inculcates as simple duties the doing of what we have regarded as intended to ornament and beautify, such as the planting of shade trees along highways. The building of hospitals for the poor and the rich, not only for men but for animals, is a high duty ; for of the humblest creatures the Buddhist religion teaches that something of God's mind has passed into it. The Bible charges us to entertain strangers, which we do — at hotels and at our homes, if they are rich and have letters of introduction. But with the Buddhist the stranger, whoever he be, is a guest from God. Should some stranger come to our door, very likely it would be shut with a Christian-like slam in his face. Against the happy nation of the Burmese people and their universal decency, decorum, modesty, and temperance, he arrayed our statutes against prostitution, night-walking, drunkenness, and the long list of foul, dark, and muddy crimes. Massachusetts is hardly able to keep the prohibitory law on her statute-books, which, if nothing more, is a protest in the name of morality and Christianity; but the Chinese Government, when urged to license the sale of opium, on the ground that it would give a revenue of hundreds of millions, refused because it was an evil which woiild prove injurious to the morals of the people. He spoke of Christianity as exemplified in our business life, our politics, our literature, and the aspirations of our youth, as a spectacle any thing but edifying. Christianity is not a mere system of verbal truth, but is national life and character, and to Christianize China would be to Americanize China. He then spoke of characteristics of the Chinese empire, with an area twice as large as the United States and densely populated throughout; of its wondrous mechanical works ; of its antiquity ; of its knowledge thousands of years ago of sciences and arts modern to us ; of its mode of government and admirable civil service, making officials who are brave, courteous and dignified scholars, with whom even the New England office-holder presents a pitiful contrast, and of the immense devoutness of the people In contrast with the deplorable and growing absence of the religious element in our midst. Where, then, he asked, is our moral superiority ? The religion of the Bible he thought as superior to that of Buddha as the flower to the naked stalk; but we do not exemplify it in our lives. Looking far ahead in the distant future, he could see the time when the nation would be wholly and really Christian. Then, and not till then, will the assumption be justified that we are superior to these people.