LIGHT AND TRUTH When the light of the sun shines upon objects that are in darkness, the difference between supposition and reality becomes strikingly apparent. So, when the light of Christ, the Sun of Righteousness, shines clearly and fully into the mind, and makes manifest the quality of the thoughts, words, and doings, of a comparatively good man or woman, the amount of difference between what he or she really is, and what he supposes himself to be, and what others may suppose him to be, is rendered quite plain to him, and perhaps to some others, and is truly astounding. But how much more is it so in the case of a person whose character is formed of impure thoughts, false words, and unjust deeds ? How necessary, then, it is that we always endeavor to be as pure, and true, and good, in all our thoughts, words, and actions, as we know we should be ; and that we be what we seem to be, and seem to be what we really are. So also is it when a false statement of any one's sayings, motives, or doings, have caused improper reflections, deductions, opinions, feelings, and conclusions, in the minds of others who ntay be ignorant of the true character of the misrepresented person; how wonderfully the light of truth will change the whole aspect of the case. Therefore, if falsely accused, or spoken of, or thought of, by any one, and (as a consequence) lowered or lessened in the estimation or esteem of others—perhaps even particular and closest friends—endure it with patience and quietness ; and wait a little while, till the Sun of Truth shall shine upon the willful or ignorant falsifier, and upon all those who may have heard and believed the falsity, and who, as the result, may have become unfriendly, or at least distant in their feelings and conduct; for the whole of the darkness and trouble will then be instantly dissipated, and a peculiarly-blessed feeling of justification, compla- cence, satisfaction, gratitude, and sweetness, will rest upon and within the honest and pa- tient individual so accused or misrepresented. That will be his and her reward, which is insured, and will be secured to them, by the iustice and righteousness of our immutable God—the Eternal Fountain and Source of all goodness, light, and truth. Truth is a perfectly straight line, which holds, in one unvarying correspondential union, Cause and Effect. That is : the thing produced is the exact result of, and perfectly expresses the cause that produced it. Therefore it is plain, that truth is a prominent and essential quality in the perfect righteousness of God, as is clearly seen in all his works. In other words, the thing created and brought forth by God is an outward expression exactly corresponding to the inward power and wisdom, and to the goodness of the design, of its Author, ' with whom is no variableness, nor shadow of turning.' The outward words and acts of Jesus Christ were but the perfect expression of, and precisely corresponded with, his inward life, condition, and motives ; so that those who understood his words, more or less partook or received of his spirit; and hence he called himself ' the Truth.' Truth is the axis, or central power, that should run through all words and actions ; causing words, at the time of their utterance, actions, at the time of their performance, and even gestures, stillness, and quietness, to express the condition and action of the mind. That is, the motive, as well as the meaning of the word or act, should be in the word spoken, or act performed. For words and actions should so precisely correspond to the condition, motive, and intention of the mind of the utterer, as to be the real representation and exponent thereof, just as a shadow of any thing is the real product of the substance that causes it. Departure from truth through ignorance may be termed error. But a willful, designed departure therefrom, is a falsity—a lie. It causes words and actions to convey an entirely different view of the utterer's mind from that which he really possesses, and which should be expressed. Therefore any departure from truth, even if through ignorance, is a departure from God. How much more crooked, false, and distant from God, then, is the way of him or her who designs, by words or actions, to deceive the hearer or observer of them, in reference to their true meaning? or in reference to the motive and intention which caused their utterance ? All truth proceeds from, and leads to, God and goodness ; while all error and falsity proceed from the devil, and lead to evil. To say what we mean, and mean what we say; To be what we seem, and seem what we be, As truly as Truth demands in this day, Is truth truly clad in simplicity. All truth is quite straight, and all truth is good, To all honest souls ; for that is their ' rod.' May truth, in our acts and words, be our food, And ever evince our union with God. William Offord, Mt. Lebanon