SYMPATHY The subjects of Monopoly and of Capital and Labor have engaged the attention of many philanthropic minds, and much has been written thereupon by far abler pens than mine, showing cause and effect, and the existing relations between the rich and the poor of this world; therefore, I do not purpose to dwell so much at this time upon the producing causes of the poverty and suffering that are among the populace in this and other countries, as to express sympathy and grief of spirit, that so much wrong and injustice abound, especially in this broad and favored land of liberty; and that, while there are millions of acres of unemployed, uncultivated lands, there are also millions of inhabitants without adequate labor to supply themselves and helpless children with food and clothing. From a youth, to the present time, I have felt a deep pity for, and sympathy with, the suffering poor, the down-trodden and oppressed ; and oftentimes, on my bended knees, have I prayed that through the Providence of God the causes of so much human suffering might be removed. And, as I increase in years, which now number threescore and ten, I feel a growing anxiety, and deep sorrow of heart, in the cause of the poor and needy ; and more especially since the recent financial upheaval has deprived so many of the laboring class of the necessary means of subsistence. And when I hear of the increase of crime, so many thefts and robberies, and of the expenditure of capital in supporting judges and lawyers to try criminal cases of this kind, and to enlarge and build prisons to hold such within its ponderous walls, O how much I wish that public morals were strong enough to hold them from committing such crimes, and that Justice would enfold and shield them from the inclement storms of vice, which beat so rudely and mercilessly against their frail weak minds, often rendered so by the sins of their parents, and frequently they are driven, as it were, by penury and want, to yield to temptation. If money that is expended to punish could be applied to prevent crime, by supplying the destitute widow and homeless orphan with bread, what a blessing it would be. We are aware that it is easier to talk than to do, to plan than to execute. There are some who are too conscientious to steal, others are too proud to beg, and prefer to eke out a miserable life, or fill the premature grave of the suicide, rather than stoop to do either. Were it in my power, I would do much to ameliorate the condition of the honest, suffering poor. But I rest in the hope that the day is fast approaching when there will be less monopoly, and more equality of labor, and a more just and amplified distribution of the products of industry, and that a remembrance that ' the earth is the Lord's,' and that all his creatures have a right to the elements of subsistence, will lead many to observe the ' golden rule,' to ' Do unto others as they would that others should do unto them.' Betsey Crosman, Mt. Lebanon