MY MITE ' Obedience to God was the first great command Which in the beginning was given ; And every Believer may now understand That this is the passport to heaven.' Dear Editors op S. and S. Is not the spirit of obedience as requisite to insure happiness at the present time as in the beginning, or past ? ' Order was heaven's first law.' Where there is no order, confusion reigns, and consequently unhappiness. But where good order and purity are the prevailing desires of the inhabitants, especially of a Shaker community, the countenances of such self-sacrificing souls beam with happiness and contentment, knowing that by true self-denial they are preparing robes of righteousness with which to adorn their spirits here, and conse- quently in eternity. Learning to live as the angels do in heaven whether we inhabit mortal bodies on this earth, or are divested of them, and dwell in the spirit land, the same self-denying work will be requisite to insure happiness. Therefore my happiness increases ; for it is a privilege to commence this work while on earth, and have my ' sins go beforehand to judgment.' If this work of confessing and forsaking sin be faithfully performed in time, shall we not, when we enter eternity, be met with the joyful ' Well done ; enter into the joys of the Lord? ' While, if otherwise, we might have to wander in darkness until our proud natures were humbled, in order to be in a condition to accept the Gospel. The testimony of the Christ Spirit, in his first as well as second appearing, requiring a life free from all indulgences of the sexual nature, it behooves all who would be called by that name, to deny self, and bear the cross of Christ. And, as was promised, this Christ Spirit is not left without a witness, but abides in those who are living that life and who constitute the body of Christ. And, as this body is no monster, it has a head to lead and direct it in all matters, whether spiritual or temporal, ' a body fitly framed together, growing unto an holy temple.' If sin is the only separation from God, true confession and repentance before these witnesses for God, will do much to lessen the distance from Him, and start us on in ' the narrow way.' Therefore we would ' give honor to whom honor is due,' and love and respect our leaders for their works' sake. And we would respect ourselves and walk worthy of our vocation, thus gaining the love of all with whom we come in daily contact. If this we do, we shall feel our union to the angels, and to our heavenly Parents, and shall be daily traveling home to God. Lucretia Godfrey, Shirley, Mass.