DEVOTION ' How blest is the season when, calm and retired, The soul is by feelings angelic inspired.' The soul of man possesses no deeper devotional power than that of silently sending out to the Creator its profoundest affections and yearnings, with solicitations for present help and future good. The strength and sweet influence drawn into the inner life by those who pray, is evidence of the worth of prayer. By it, the whole thought and feeling is turned within, and sacred converse is held with pure spirits, by the angel part of our nature, which frequently prompts resolution to better action in the performances of life. O what an elevation, far above all that is gross and earthly, the spirit feels, when engaged in the sweet exercise of prayer. Jesus made use of prayer, and also taught his followers to pray, and declared that the Father would reward them for so doing. If our great Exemplar had need of prayer, then how much more, at the present time, does humanity need, in its conflict with temptation and besetting sins, to both watch and pray. Prayer, in the economy of spiritual growth, is like soil to outward vegetation; and, if thoroughly labored on, will increase the growth and fruitfulness of the heavenly graces in the spiritual garden of the soul: from this soil, too, flow those streams which shall be as ' a well of water in the soul, springing up into everlasting life.' It is sweet to only taste of those waters; but what satisfaction and completeness of joy will be realized in the full supply! By prayer, and a contrite spirit, this fullness may be gained. O Father speed the blessed day When peace on earth shall bear the sway; When love divine shall fill the heart, And all shall choose the better part; When universal growth shall tend Discordant sects in one to blend ; When freedom to live right shall rule, And all be taught in Wisdom's school; When, meeting injuvies with love, All seek the spirit of the dove, And prize far more the bread of life Than wealth and fame with worldly strife; When young and old alike shall know That sensual pleasures never flow But from a lawless selfish state, And pains upon them ever wait; When voice of Justice shall be heard, And man revere her every word, When woman shall, with purpose pure, Seek life and love that will endure. O speed the full and perfect day, When life of Christ shall bear the sway, And one vast Brotherhood a;jrree, In love complete, to worship Thee ! Betsey Johnson, Tyringham, Mass.