JUVENILE VISIONS Elder Frederick . On Monday evening, the 29th of December last, I had a pain in my stomach and could not work. I went into the shoe shop and lied down on the counter. I shut my eyes, and, after lying there live or six minutes, I, all at once, began speaking upon religion; the words came into my mouth as fast as I could utter them. Suddenly it became very light; and, although my eyes were still closed, I could see all around me ; I also spoke a few verses in poetry, one right after the other. I then discerned a man in the midst of a lot of tall weeds. He, at first, seemed contented; after which he began to feel uneasy. Outside of those weeds there were some beautiful flowers and fruits of all kinds. As I said, he became a little uneasy, not being quite contented among those tall weeds which swamped him. When he caught sight of those beautiful flowers and fruits, outside of his weedy prison, it made him the more restless. Then I understood that the weeds were bad spirits, and the fruits and flowers good spirits, who desired to bring him out of his sad condition; and I also saw that he himself wished to come out, to be delivered; so both parties worked together to that end against the evil spirits. I next saw a seed, as it were, fly over the weeds, and take root at the feet of the man, at which he was much pleased. This seed was a good spirit; and then more good spirits went over to him, until, at last, the evil spirits began to diminish, and the man became more comfortable, and soon the good became so powerful that the evil died out and the man was surrounded entirely by good spirits. This taught me a lesson that I shall not soon forget. It taught me that, however much a person might be surrounded by, and swamped in, evil habits, if they once feel a desire to become good they will be spiritually assisted, and that, as good is more powerful than evil, the victory is certain ; the greatest wrong will be removed, and the sinner's heart uplifted, until he becomes fully redeemed from his lost condition. I am young (fifteen), and this is my first spiritual exr erience, and I will labor to profit by it practically, for it is an evidence to me that good spirits are sometimes very near me, and I pray that they may ever be near me, and guide me in the path of righteousness and peace. Sam. Witham, Mt. Lebanon. A few weeks since, another boy (thirteen) was sent from the North Family to Canaan (three miles), early in the morning, while it was yet dark. On coming opposite the meeting-house, a ball of light appeared in the road just before him. It was as large as a cocoa-nut, and rolled before him, lighting his path fully, until it was dawn of day. On a previous occasion, this same boy, Ami, was by the watering tub, at the Upper House, Canaan, where he lives, when Charles Haggitt (a youth who had left the Family, but had made application to return, and was then a hundred miles away), came out of the barn and spoke to him as he passed (rubbing against him), and then went on north, Ami being entirely unconscious in regard to its being a vision, if vision it was. I hail these notices of the youth as good omens and signs of a return of the spiritual manifestations among Believers. They are small beginnings, but more is coming, until the ' sinners in Zion will tremble, and fearfulness take hold of the hypocrite,' as was the case in the former manifestations, when nothing could be hidden that worked abomination or that loved or made a lie. — Ed.