THE WORK OF THE CENTURY No. 2 O ye that prize the Nation's life, Her honor, and her noble call, Awake, arise, and join the strife, To gain equality for all. Financial systems, based on fraud, Like empires, cover all the earth, Distorting sacred laws of God, And giving countless horrors birth. Look on the scene that but of late Was re-enacted far and near; 'Tis but the index of the fate That swept through ev'ry lowly sphere. They stood around with faces paled, And eyes aglow with fires of dread ; Their heavy hearts within them quail'd, As if all hope of life had fled. 'Twas not the battle's sanguine heat, Nor vessels lonely wreck at sea; 'T was not the hour when tempests meet, And earth convulses mightily; But there was wildness in the air ; Men struggled as with forms unseen, While some, close pinion'd with despair, Gazed motionless upon the scene. The tumult of that human tide, The darkness of that mental sky, All earthly terrors far out-vied; For there was heartfelt agony! The crush of hopes, the loss of place, The homes that in their grandeur fleet, The pain of ev'ry household face, The rugged paths for tender feet, The plans that were but idly wrought, The schemes for boundless wealth and pow'r, The long life efforts brought to nought, All crowded through that fearful hour ; And ever and anon there came New messages that seemed like death ; The failure of each trusted name Was listen'd to with bated breath. Some felt their quivering reason fall, Some wept as if to b,reak the spell, Some hazarded their little all, In hope that it might yet be well; But there were some, O hearts of steel! Where were your human pulses (warm), That, like the wreckers, could but feel Exultant through that rending storm ; That, like the wreckers, fiercely grasp The treasures of that sinking crew; That callously the hand unclasp'd, That nerved itself for life anew? Yet you and they were of one kin; Had fortune but reversed her wheel, Like yours, their hands would joyful win; Their hearts be dead to all appeal. Now from your splendid ruins turn, To watch the waves that carry woe, To where the flickering tapers burn In garrets high, and cellars low. Think of the children starved for food, The strong men humbled in their pride, The women robb'd of womanhood, The crimes to wretchedness allied; And pledge, against this weight of sin, The time that to you yet remains; You have ability to win The country from commercial chains. Change, from the word to very deed, ' The Declaration ' that was given; Let Christ-like action meet the need ; There is no poverty in heaven. And when her crown the Century lays Upon the young Republic's brow, The jewel that will brightest blaze Shall be the star * she strives for now. *Abolition of monopoly. Cecelia Devyr, Mt. Lebanon