RELIGION Religion is natural—innate ; and its latent powers become developed by the light of in- telligence, reason and revelation. Now that ' light ' — a higher development of religion — ' is come i'nto the world, and you have no cloak for your sins.' Religion is good armor but a bad cloak. Man may possess a hundred theological systems of ideas, and still be destitute of real religion—the right acts of life proper to each succeeding development of his religious nature. Religion is obedience to God, improvement of selfhood, and love to man. It can never be ingrafted on any foreign stock, and retain its original purity. It is augmented and intensified in proportion to the enlightenment of the understanding. It has three phases of development : The 'physical, the moral, and the spiritual. Obedience to the fundamental law of animal life — Physiology — and a sacred regard for the proper introduction of life into this world, and the needful training thereafter; instead of that weakness which forestalls defeat — being born vanquished. The first step toward the attainment of ' eternal life,' is to keep the commandments and observe the requirements of natural religion — physical and physiological laws. The second step is to keep the Moral Law — to ' do justly, love mercy, and attend to the golden rule.' ' On earth peace, and unto men good will;' instead of the religion (?) of Christendom — ill-will and war. ' Sell all that thou hast, and give to the poor,' or Church, which has all things in common; and not generously give of your abundance ; but divide all with the less fortunate, as on the day of Pentecost; and thus be equal — be just — be religious. Justice is the higher moral obligation. It makes all places a temple ; all seasons a summer. It is the prime virtue of those in command, and leaves no cause of complaint for those who obey. It is the bread of the multitude, after which they all hunger. It gives to all their ' daily bread,' and secures to the meek their rightful inheritance — the eartk; for the Church owns the land. To go no further than bare justice, is to stop at the beginning of a higher virtue. Love, the offspring of the third degree, or spiritual religion, is the divine sequence of the fulfillment of the law of physical rectitude and moral justice. Love sacrifices all things for its cherished object. Its roots, when in virtue's soil, grow to enduring friendskip. But, when it acts independent of justice and virtue, it becomes capricious and volatile, and even malevolent. Love is active in pursuit of friendship, firm in possession. Can the injustice of inherited imbecility, and legalized sensuality, beget love ? Nay ; there is no religion in the one, and it cannot be extracted from the other. ' The life is more than meat, and the body is more than raiment;' so is religion more than theology. ' Pure and undefiled religion,' is to provide a permanent home for all those wives who make themselves ' widows indeed,' and for all adult children who make themselves ' fatherless ' and motherless orphans, ' for the kingdom of heaven's sake,' as well as for those ' men ' — husbands — ' who will make themselves eunuchs ' for the same object ; and thus to ' keep one's self unspotted, from ' a selfish, physically and morally prostituted ' world,' fortified behind the license of legalized but corrupt human enjictments. For the Second Pentecostal (or Gentile Christian, or Shaker) Church, in which 'all things are common ' to all, as in the First (or Jewish) Pentecostal Church, is where the ' widow and the fatherless ' (as above) can not only be ' visited,' but are amply and equally provided with all things necessary for life and godliness ; and where all are required to ' keep themselves unspotted from the world.' There is no error in religion : it is as true as truth. Error obtains in the systems of theology — false doctrines, the very reverse of ' Do the works, then shall ye know of the doctrines.' Religion—the acts (not the resolves), are Scripture; but Scripture record cannot make religion, although it may stimulate and aid in the development of the innate and latent powers to action. Never mistake the road for the city you expect to reach by it; nor a guide-board for a live man — the means for the end. Water baptism was the symbol of repentance for physical and moral sins; fire, for spiritual sins. Water cleanses; fire refines. Hence the grosser nature perishes in the using, as the resurrection of the spirit obtains supremacy. Should the classical scholar find his ubiquitous primer an impediment to indulging his matured thoughts; or the mechanic find his boyhood toys constantly thrown in his way to hinder his ambition to benefit the world, they would become hateful to them; not that they were hateful in themselves, but because of their impertinence. And the child — the immature man — would stand amazed to see the objects of absorbing interest to him thus cast aside. So with the subjects of spiritual and heav- enly religion. Their resurrection life causes them to hate natural relationship, and the generative life, when they obtrude out of their own order into the realm of the spiritual; and also to hate the perversion of the generative life everywhere. 'If ye believe not his' (Moses1) ' writings ' — physical and moral religion — ' how shall ye believe my words ? 'Effectual, fervent prayer'—-good deeds — will redeem the world, usher in the Millennium, and ' the song of Moses and the Lamb ' will be fraught with new harmony, which no irreligious man can ever learn. Elijah Myrick, Shirley Village, Mass.