CORRESPONDENCE ABOUT THE MENNONITES A letter from a member of the House of Representatives, who was asked for information: ' I went first thing this morning to the Department. Results : Two years ago, U. S. consul at Odessa, addressed Interior Department. Mennonites came from Germany to Russia, the Emperor Paul promising military immunity. Present emperor threatened to withdraw this, hence Mennonites question American consul about his country. Next, last spring appeared Heller, attorney for Mennonites, and personally questioned Interior Department. Next, in October, came Mennonites in person. Cornelius Janzen, Berlin, Ontario, Canada. That's your man. He is spokesman, and will spend the winter in Ontario. Rev. John Funk, Elkhart, Indiana, knows something. I assume this, simply because Janzen visited him before he went to Canada. They [Mennonites] still speak German; have decided to settle in the United States instead of Canada. That's all they know here. So you must write Janzen, and mayhap visit him.' Mt. Lebanon, Columbia December 21 Co., 1873. To Cornelius Jansen: Esteemed Friend — I understand that you are the authorized agent of the Russian Mennonites, who contemplate emigrating to America. I address you greeting, on behalf of the United Society of Believers in Christ's Second Appearing (commonly called Shakers, or Shaking Quakers), in these United States. There is a strong bond of religious sympathy between the two Orders. In theological views we may differ somewhat, until we understand each other; but we are one in spirit, and in the desire to serve God without regard to self. Our Founders fled from England, as you propose to flee from Russia, for conscience sake. And, having ' clean escaped the corruptions that are in the world through lust,' by all living together as brethren and sisters, a pure holy, religious, celibate life, they and their successors have established, in different States, some sixty Communities having ' all things in common.' Many flock to these households of faith, partly for the temporal advantages to be therein obtained. The late general ' suspension of faith,' or decline in the religious elements, throughout Christendom, together with the universal uprising of the war spirit, which permeates all the sects and churches — Greek, Catholic and Protestant—is turning the Clmrch-and-State Governments of the world into blood, as their highest source of delight, and their most intoxicating drink. The ' two tcitnesses' — male and female — have borne their testimonies against war as being anti-Christian, throughout the reign of 'the beast and his image'—1,260 years — and have endured persecution and death, rather than kill their fellow-beings. The Moravians, the Quakers, and the Mennonites, are links in that great chain, extending from the First Christian Church (whose members would not fight in the Roman armies, and who had ' all things in common,' in communities, for three hundred years, and did neither marry nor give in marriage during that long period of time), to the Second Christian Church, which is built upon the Rock of a new Divine Revelation; and which, during a hundred years, has been inspired by the same Christ Spirit, and has faithfully carried out the very same principles which, in the sight of even all nominal Christians, formed the crown of glory, and palm of victory, of the Jewish Pentecostal Church. Dear friend, our object in thus addressing you, is to ascertain whether, among the great body of Mennonites, there be not a small body of deeply spiritual-minded religious souls who are inwardly hungering and thirsting after more righteousness, and who, in response to the voice from the kingdom of heaven upon earth (now in existence), saying, ' Come up hither,' on to higher ground ! would ' rise and stand upon their feet,' and ascend up, like ' a cloud of witnesses,' into the Shaker Communities. If there be such a company (having according to the flesh, fathers and mothers, and brothers and sisters, and children, and houses and land, or their equivalents), who will ' forsake all for Christ's sake, and his Gospel '— all the relations appropriate to the generative earthly order — and will come up into the Resurrection state, wherein these are all forsaken, left behind, and supplanted by their spiritual correspondencies, they would be welcomed, as the children of the Spirit, to our hearts and homes, our houses and lands, now, in this life, and, in the world to come, they shall have, with us, an eternal relation in the heaven of heavens. From the above remarks, do not adopt the popular error that the Shakers, any more than did Jesus, condemn marriage per se. The earthly or Adamic order is for propagating human beings on this earth. In so doing, however, Nature's laws (as kept by the lower animals, which do not copulate except for offspring), should be strictly observed by men and women. Nor should they war or fight, or kill their own species. Land should be accessible to all, as ' Moses, the servant of God,' taught, when he gave to each individual an inheritance therein, and appointed a Jubilee wherein to restore it when lost. And while on the one hand, if all were Shakers, the world would run out; on the other, if all men and women were married, and reproduced their kind, the whole earth would soon become, like China, unable to sustain its own children. Hence there would be a necessity for infanticides, diseases, famines, pestilences, desolating wars, etc., in order to keep population in check. And I submit whether, to be consistent, the great body of the Mennonites, in fleeing from Russia because they will not fight, should not separate from amongst themselves a small body of Mennonites as an 'offering to the Lor(i'— a Prophetical or Melchizedek people, who should be as a holy priesthood : the first or larger portion being as a new earth; the second or smaller portion, as a new heaven. Again, I would suggest that, as the landed possessions of our Communities are large, and (owing to the aforesaid decline in the religious element in Christendom), our numbers comparatively few, there may be Shaker families, and perhaps Societies, who would be willing to sell out their possessions to the Mennonites. They would thus have, not only large estates in land, but buildings already erected, and ready for use; in which events, both classes of Mennonites would be accommodated: those who choose to ' do well,' and marry; and those who might choose to' do better,' by uniting with the Shakers in a more self-denying and Christ-like life. With kindest regards, and prayers that you may be providentially directed for the good of your people, and the honor and glory of God, I am your friend in the truth, On behalf of the Shaker Order in America. An early answer is respectfully solicited. F. W. E. F. W. Evans