VOICE OF THE AGES Prophetic eyes see by a lens, Which give a double view; And oft their vision so extends, Beyond what men deem true, That they will turn in deep disgust, And call him ' mad ' or fool; Or (if a woman) think it just To say, ' She ne'er shall rule.' Has history no lessons taught To those who scoff and jeer ? Have truths divine, so dearly bought, (Which we to-day revere, For which the martyrs bore the rack, The dungeon, and the flame), No pleading voice to turn men back From future deeds of shame? Must those who 're called to lead the van On battle fields of right, Be ever, by their fellow man, Doom'd to destruction's night ? Will those who pray '' Thy kingdom come, Fight all their answer'd prayer, When it (although foreseen by some), Steals on them unaware ? The ages past, in confluence met, Give answer with one voice; In darkness all our suns have set; The light was not our choice. Our histories are quite replete With crimes of deepest hue ; When truth would not from earth retreat, (Men did as you now do) : Seized on the reins to guide the steed, And bend it to their will, They hoped thereby to slacken speed, For truth they could not kill. But we would say, roll up that page, All stained with sin and blight, And claim, for each succeeding age, A love of truth and right. For setting suns, with light aglow, Oft paint the heaven aflame; Or span it with a brilliant bow, Whose language is the same ; Foretelling that the morrow's dawn Will bring a cloudless day ; The ' golden age,' of error shorn, Will come with men to stay. But blindly yet we read the signs, Bid progress' car stand still, And trace in shining letter'd lines, 'God has revealed his will.' We bow with reverence to the past, Do homage to the old, While on the new, contempt we cast, As though all truth were told. The present age, though devotee To forms by Truth once worn, Will crucify the truths to be ; Their votaries treat with scorn; Unheeded, still the warning note, From age to age is heard— The truth still lives, though death hath smote The form it once preferr'd. But suns will rise to set no more, Their days will know no night; While creeds and dogmas melt before The glory of their light ; Till abject slaves no longer cower, But stand erect like men; No kingly rule, or priestly power, Shall hold dominion then. But love, within all hearts enshrined, Will for the past atone ; And to oblivion consign'd Be names who prophets stone. And earth's fair seil shall not be wet With martyrs' precious blood ; Nor woman strive in vain to get Her rightful womanhood. But she with man, co-worker true, In government of state, Shall harmonize their life anew, The race to elevate. Then earth her harvests will increase, God's blessings all will share, All hail the perfect reign of Peace ! And for its life prepare. 0, would that all, before the dawn, Might look beyond the screen That vails the gleamings of that morn Prophetic eyes have seen! And heavenly brilliancy behold, As each triumphal car In splendor rose, 'mid light of gold, And shed bright beams afar. A. E. Persons, Harvard, Mass.