Beloved Eldress A.: I ACCEPT the invitation to the Sisterhood, given through the columns of the Shaker and Shakeress, and contribute my mite freely; and would thus give expression to the feelings of my heart, which often go out in profound love and respect, for the truths which the little sheet contains. When I contrast my situation with that of thousands who have not been blest as I was, i. e. to be called in early life, by the Spirit of Truth, to leave the paths of sin and temptation to seek happiness through vanity and carnal pleasure, and to devote all their powers of mind, might, and strength, to the upbuilding of a New and Living Order, founded in Truth, by the revelation of God, I give thanks to Him, that I have been thus favored ; and that I was not left to grope my way in darkness, without the light of life to guide me: but, through the ministry of Angels, have been spiritually fed, and, by consecration and honest labor, am blest with a beautiful temporal home for the physical part. By obeying the injunction, ' Seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness,' I find that all other needful things are added. The cross which Jesus taught his followers to bear is not heavy when cheerfully taken; and the Christian's yoke, to those who are reconciled to wear it, is far easier, and less grievous, than the yoke of sin. The reward of the Christian's cross is a ' crown of life ;' while the ' wages of sin is death.' My spirit yearns for the many of earth's in- habitants, who are traveling in the broad road of sinful indulgences, that leads to trouble and vexation of spirit; and who find, by sad experience, that it is all vanity, and who would gladly turn their feet into the straight way 'which leadeth unto life eternal,' if they knew how, and where to find it; and my daily prayer to God is, that He would send ministers of light and truth to show them the path of purity which leads to peace and rest; and to teach them that God is Love ; and that He is ever ready to lend a listening ear to those who call upon Him, and to extend a helping hand to those who seek His aid. All such will find that His arm is not shortened, that it cannot save; neither is His ear heavy, that it cannot hear the earnest cries of the humble and contrite in spirit; and, that God is Father, Mother, and Friend,unto all who will draw nigh to Him in spirit through self-denial and the cross ; and that a goodly inheritance is offered in a kingdom of justice and righteousness, where there is neither high nor low ; rich nor poor ; but all are one in labor, one in sacrifice, and one in rewards. The law is, Give all, and receive all. There is a feast of good things prepared, and all who are ready to don the garments of virgin purity, are invited to partake. ' The Spirit and the Bride say, Come !' and they who hear, say, ' Come one, come all, who will lay down the worldly life, that they may attain unto life eternal in the heavens !' C. Van Houtan, Mt. Lebanon