November 2,1873 Affectionate Sister Margaret : In response to your loving letter, I would say that the pure, gentle and sunny influence that surrounds you comes to me like balm, which soothes, cheers, and comforts my spirit, and brightens my pathway, even in the gloom which physical infirmity brings in these days. Dear Margaret, I would that I had some- thing to communicate to you, that would inspire and animate, and, in a measure, com- pensate you for the rich treasure that I received from your benevolent heart; but this is the best tribute that I am able to offer, under my present circumstances. Do accept my grateful thanks for your love and sympathy, and kindly remembrance of me in your prayers. I have unshaken confidence and trust that the petitions of the righteous will be heard by our guardian angels, and that they will be carried by them to the throne of our Heavenly Parents ; and that they will be answered, in due time, in justice and wisdom. I deeply appreciate your extra exertions, from time to time, in my behalf, to sing and march for me, while I realize that your feeble frame has no strength to spare for me; you need all that you can gain from any quarter, to strengthen and support that poor stomach, so weak and tremulous ; yet, the interest, love, and affection which you manifest for me is worthy of my heart's best gift in return. My dear Sister, if you can call to mind any thing that I have ever said that has comforted your spirit, I am glad. The subjects we have dilated and reflected upon, often come to my mind; also those earnest expressions and sentiments, concerning the future increase of the Gospel work, individually and collectively, and they are a portion of my happiest reflections. I do indeed recollect the time when you did not feel able to engage in active service in our spiritual meetings ; that is, as far as the physical powers are concerned; but your spirit was so wide awake that bodily exercises were not needed to show the activity of your mind, and the sincerity of your heart in the 8HAKEEE8S. work and worship of God. Angel deeds stood as witnesses of your integrity to principle, your Christian life and character. It is in the house of worship, when every heart is blended in devotion, and seeking for the operation of the quickening power of truth, that we gain our supplies of spiritual food to sustain our immortal souls; and, as you remarked, we need each day our daily bread; the food of yesterday will not suffice for to-day ; nor will the gift of the last meeting answer for the next; each and every meeting needs new ministration, adapted to the present conditions. Therefore, I feel that I am losing much good and strength in being absent from worship so long a time, as I always have felt a living inspiration from the testimonies borne by our beloved Elders and the Brethren and Sisters ; but I hope that, through consecrated and quickened exertion, I may yet be able to redeem the time, and unite with you in devotional exercises to my soul's satisfaction. I believe that the power of God is able to resuscitate the mortal frame ; and let us seek aid through spirit agency, that health may come to our frail bodies, and that we may live long on the earth, to do good in the household of faith. Should we not be permitted thus to do, and either of us should pass over to our spirit home, would it not be the better way to gather up the vital forces, and come back as ministers of healing power to the feeble and infirm, instead of drawing from the ranks of our external home such as we feel an affinity for and attraction toward ? According to my understanding, that would be •practical love, corresponding with our faith and principles. It is thus, my dear sister, that I promise to intercede for you. I do most earnestly pray (if it is God's will), that a healing power may descend upon me, and resurrect me into physical life and health, that I may renew my early vows of consecration, to dedicate all the powers of my being —body,soul, and spirit — to the upbuilding of the cause of truth and righteousness on the earth. One word more, and I close. I want to express my gratitude for the tenderness and kindly attention of our good Sisters, who watch over and provide for all my wants. You know their worth, their self-sacrificing spirits, and devotion to the sick; how they toil, to comfort and alleviate others. Their sympathy is real. I would remain, in a spirit of reconciliation, your Gospel Sister, now and forever. To Margaret Pattispn. Rhoda Offord