TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA- ULYSSES S. GRANT- FROM THE SPIRIT OF EX-SECRETARY EDWIN M. STANTON My worthy friend and fellow-laborer: Although you are yet on the earthly plane, and I in the spirit sphere, yet I am privileged to grasp the hand of one whom I esteem as a brother and true friend, with a new year's greeting. It is the commencement of a new year, and I do not meet you, as formerly, to feast upon luxuries and be merry; but, instead thereof, to present to you my richest and best of all gifts — the greeting of the heavenly hosts. Peace and good will to the earthly man and woman! The kingdom of heaven is established, and its righteousness must be fulfilled upon earth. For, on every plane, those only who fear God can be accepted of Him. And how can this be accomplished, while the earth is groaning under its heavy weight of sin and condemnation ? Even the seat of Government is defiled; its doors are daily darkened by those who are guilty of the blackest of crimes, and think they are covered from the eyes of the people. But they are seen. These are hard sayings, which all men cannot receive. But you, my brother, I believe, can and will treasure them up in an honest heart, and let them have their perfect work, to the purifying of your own temple, and the cleansing of the official departments in which you are called to toil and labor for the good of all who are subject to your Administration. You are chosen to be the Father of the Country, and that is why I thus address you upon these important subjects. I take the liberty to converse with you freely, with all confidence, as one friend converseth with another ; believing that your noble mind will be in unison with my sentiments, even as they were in days gone by, when these subjects were too delicate, and too near home, for us to talk about, or inter fere with, while I was with you in the body. But be assured, my friend, that, when I came to enter the spirit world, and the record of my life was laid open before me, I found my private and official sins of omission and commission stood against me. And, as there are three years more to come before the close of your Administration, I beseech you to ' work while the day lasts,' and put forth your best energies to search out the hidden abominations that are daily in operation at the seat of Government, by those who collect there for the purpose of enacting laws for the protection of the people. How can an evil tree produce good fruit ? It does not, and cannot, nor can it prosper. This evil tree, whose branches spread over the entire city of Washington, whose fruits are dens of debauchery and whoredom, together with murders, thefts, deceit, lies, forgery and hypocrisy, must be hewn down, and dug up by the roots. That city ought to be consecrated to God, and occupied by pure-minded men and women, who will devote every faculty of soul and body to the honor and glory of God, and to the redemption of the human race in the earthly order, inspiring and raising the people up to a higher and holier life; instead of sinking themselves still lower in filthiness and condemnation, until the very atmosphere is dense with its stench and putrefaction. I warn you to be prepared ; for the old heavens and the old earth must pass away ; and there must be a new heaven and a new earth, wherein not any thing can dwell that defileth or maketh a lie. But the will of God shall be done in the earthly order, even as it is done in the heavenly. The Lord is searching your camps ' as with a lighted candle ;' and He will yet expose to the light, and set before every soul his and her true state and standing; and ' every knee shall bow, and every tongue confess their abominations; and every error of their life will have to be corrected, and washed away by humiliation and repentance.' Yea, even the mouths of infants will be opened, and they will rise up in judgment against the guilt and shame of their unnatural parents, and the judgment will be justly divided between the male and the female, according to their true merits ; for their children will curse the day of their birth, because they were begotten in sin, and brought forth in iniquity and disease. Thousands are made wretched and downcast, and are trodden under foot of those ' brutish ' men, who have caused their ruin and distress, and whose victims rend the heavens with their cries and lamentation; and their visages are engraven upon ineftaceable records, there to remain, as a testimony against the transgressors, until removed by confession, with tears of godly sorrow and repentance from both parties. These things troubled me some while I was on earth. Now they are a distress to my spirit. I cannot enjoy that true happiness for which my soul aspires, until I have fulfilled the duty in this respect, which is encumbent on me in consequence of my former neglect; that is, clear my soul from these causes of condemnation. My dear friend, I want that your Administration should be crowned with success ; and that the brightness of the glory of God may illuminate the Capital; so that ' Peace and Goodwill to all nations' may be the motto engraven on its portals ; and that wars and fightings may be known no more. May it become ' a house of prayer,' where the laws of the nation shall be enacted by virtuous, pure-minded men and women, raised up to stand in their proper rectitude, who shall fear neither men nor devils ; but, in the fear of God, and by the help of their holy Mother, Love (the female in Deity), be enabled, through your fatherly aid, to purge out these evils from the Rulers of the Nation, and liberate their captive sisters, and restore them to their proper order and calling in creation — help-mates together — striving for the honor and comfort of each other in the earthly order. For, I say unto you, that the least among these oppressed ones will be greater in the kingdom of heaven than the greatest among men who fear not God, nor keep his commandments. The Ten Commandments, when kept, are all-sufficient to rule the whole world. Peace and goodwill ' shall cover the earth, as the waters cover the seas.' Edwin M. Stanton. Given at Mt. Lebanon, Jan. 14,1874