CORRESPONDENCE By the request of friends we give publicity to the following correspondence, which took place between two Shaker Sisters of the North Family, Mt. Lebanon, in the early part of October and November, 1873. They both left the shores of time, to seek a home in the elysian fields on the other side of the stream, on the 10th and 23d of December last. October 5, 1873 Dear Companion, Friend and Sister : What have I to give thee from my storehouse, dear one, that would serve to cheer thee, or add to thy comfort ? I have looked over my treasures, and have found sympathy, love, and a heart to pray for you, loved one. I often think of you in our seasons of solemn and sacred devotion; and I sing and march for you ; and many times I visit you in spirit when you know it not. I think I hear you say : '' This is all very well, but I want to join in worship and sing and march for myself.' Well, be patient; the good time is coming. Do you remember the time when 1 was so feeble that I had to stand or sit by, and could not sing, or march, or join ' in the dances of them that make merry ?' Now that time is past, but I have some fears that it will return to me before I am ready for it, for I often feel very sharp, darting pains between my shoulders, and I have an exceedingly weak stomach. But why do I trouble you with my ails ? I will away with them, and take you by the hand, and we will sit down in the most comfortable seat that we can find, and call to mind the many, many soul communings we have had together! O Rhoda, dear Rhoda, how much good they have done me ! I would that they might be repeated. The cares of this life ought not to engross the mind to that degree, that such communings should occur but seldom. 0 for more of God in the soul, and less of earth! My heartfelt prayer is 'My Heavenly Father and Mother, give, Oh give me the true riches.' I do not presume to know my own heart as the good angels know it; but, so far as I under' stand my desires and motives, I am willing to pass through any amount of tribulation and suffering, to secure my hold upon eternal life ; and yet, dear Sister, it is an every-day struggle ; is it not ? The food given yesterday, does not suffice for to-day. O what a wise petition is that contained in the Lord's Prayer, ' Give us this day our daily bread.' As I travel in the Gospel, I plainly see that there is no stopping place with the least amount of safety for any individual (no matter what the age or privilege may be), until full redemption from the very nature of sin is obtained, and the divine life fills the soul. The following passages of Scripture often occur to my mind: ' Ye did run well; who did hinder you ?' and ' Ye wyere willing for a season to rejoice in his light;' and ' Let him that thinketh he standeth, take heed lest he fall.' I resolve and re-resolve to live nearer to my faith; and yet how feeble are my efforts, unless assisted by divine powrer. I sometimes think the poor frail body has something to do with our spiritual progress. Do you think so ? But I would not impute more to the body than belongs to it. Dear Rhoda, I should have been pleased to have had you heard Brother Levi speak in meeting this morning ; it was so good. Now, Sister, I am going to make you a promise, and I want you to make me a promise ; i. e. if I go to the summer-land first, I will intercede for you; and should you go with the white-robed angel before I do, you will intercede for me. Is that fair ? I commenced this letter this afternoon. I have written it for a little union, and I want you to have it this evening. So you will accept the first draft, and extend charity. Farewell in sweetest love, my tried and faithful friend. Yours affectionately, To Rhoda Offord. Margaret Pattison November 2,1873 Affectionate Sister Margaret : In response to your loving letter, I would say that the pure, gentle and sunny influence that surrounds you comes to me like balm, which soothes, cheers, and comforts my spirit, and brightens my pathway, even in the gloom which physical infirmity brings in these days. Dear Margaret, I would that I had some- thing to communicate to you, that would inspire and animate, and, in a measure, com- pensate you for the rich treasure that I received from your benevolent heart; but this is the best tribute that I am able to offer, under my present circumstances. Do accept my grateful thanks for your love and sympathy, and kindly remembrance of me in your prayers. I have unshaken confidence and trust that the petitions of the righteous will be heard by our guardian angels, and that they will be carried by them to the throne of our Heavenly Parents ; and that they will be answered, in due time, in justice and wisdom. I deeply appreciate your extra exertions, from time to time, in my behalf, to sing and march for me, while I realize that your feeble frame has no strength to spare for me; you need all that you can gain from any quarter, to strengthen and support that poor stomach, so weak and tremulous ; yet, the interest, love, and affection which you manifest for me is worthy of my heart's best gift in return. My dear Sister, if you can call to mind any thing that I have ever said that has comforted your spirit, I am glad. The subjects we have dilated and reflected upon, often come to my mind; also those earnest expressions and sentiments, concerning the future increase of the Gospel work, individually and collectively, and they are a portion of my happiest reflections. I do indeed recollect the time when you did not feel able to engage in active service in our spiritual meetings ; that is, as far as the physical powers are concerned; but your spirit was so wide awake that bodily exercises were not needed to show the activity of your mind, and the sincerity of your heart in the 8HAKEEE8S. work and worship of God. Angel deeds stood as witnesses of your integrity to principle, your Christian life and character. It is in the house of worship, when every heart is blended in devotion, and seeking for the operation of the quickening power of truth, that we gain our supplies of spiritual food to sustain our immortal souls; and, as you remarked, we need each day our daily bread; the food of yesterday will not suffice for to-day ; nor will the gift of the last meeting answer for the next; each and every meeting needs new ministration, adapted to the present conditions. Therefore, I feel that I am losing much good and strength in being absent from worship so long a time, as I always have felt a living inspiration from the testimonies borne by our beloved Elders and the Brethren and Sisters ; but I hope that, through consecrated and quickened exertion, I may yet be able to redeem the time, and unite with you in devotional exercises to my soul's satisfaction. I believe that the power of God is able to resuscitate the mortal frame ; and let us seek aid through spirit agency, that health may come to our frail bodies, and that we may live long on the earth, to do good in the household of faith. Should we not be permitted thus to do, and either of us should pass over to our spirit home, would it not be the better way to gather up the vital forces, and come back as ministers of healing power to the feeble and infirm, instead of drawing from the ranks of our external home such as we feel an affinity for and attraction toward ? According to my understanding, that would be •practical love, corresponding with our faith and principles. It is thus, my dear sister, that I promise to intercede for you. I do most earnestly pray (if it is God's will), that a healing power may descend upon me, and resurrect me into physical life and health, that I may renew my early vows of consecration, to dedicate all the powers of my being —body,soul, and spirit — to the upbuilding of the cause of truth and righteousness on the earth. One word more, and I close. I want to express my gratitude for the tenderness and kindly attention of our good Sisters, who watch over and provide for all my wants. You know their worth, their self-sacrificing spirits, and devotion to the sick; how they toil, to comfort and alleviate others. Their sympathy is real. I would remain, in a spirit of reconciliation, your Gospel Sister, now and forever. To Margaret Pattispn. Rhoda Offord Beloved Eldress A.: I ACCEPT the invitation to the Sisterhood, given through the columns of the Shaker and Shakeress, and contribute my mite freely; and would thus give expression to the feelings of my heart, which often go out in profound love and respect, for the truths which the little sheet contains. When I contrast my situation with that of thousands who have not been blest as I was, i. e. to be called in early life, by the Spirit of Truth, to leave the paths of sin and temptation to seek happiness through vanity and carnal pleasure, and to devote all their powers of mind, might, and strength, to the upbuilding of a New and Living Order, founded in Truth, by the revelation of God, I give thanks to Him, that I have been thus favored ; and that I was not left to grope my way in darkness, without the light of life to guide me: but, through the ministry of Angels, have been spiritually fed, and, by consecration and honest labor, am blest with a beautiful temporal home for the physical part. By obeying the injunction, ' Seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness,' I find that all other needful things are added. The cross which Jesus taught his followers to bear is not heavy when cheerfully taken; and the Christian's yoke, to those who are reconciled to wear it, is far easier, and less grievous, than the yoke of sin. The reward of the Christian's cross is a ' crown of life ;' while the ' wages of sin is death.' My spirit yearns for the many of earth's in- habitants, who are traveling in the broad road of sinful indulgences, that leads to trouble and vexation of spirit; and who find, by sad experience, that it is all vanity, and who would gladly turn their feet into the straight way 'which leadeth unto life eternal,' if they knew how, and where to find it; and my daily prayer to God is, that He would send ministers of light and truth to show them the path of purity which leads to peace and rest; and to teach them that God is Love ; and that He is ever ready to lend a listening ear to those who call upon Him, and to extend a helping hand to those who seek His aid. All such will find that His arm is not shortened, that it cannot save; neither is His ear heavy, that it cannot hear the earnest cries of the humble and contrite in spirit; and, that God is Father, Mother, and Friend,unto all who will draw nigh to Him in spirit through self-denial and the cross ; and that a goodly inheritance is offered in a kingdom of justice and righteousness, where there is neither high nor low ; rich nor poor ; but all are one in labor, one in sacrifice, and one in rewards. The law is, Give all, and receive all. There is a feast of good things prepared, and all who are ready to don the garments of virgin purity, are invited to partake. ' The Spirit and the Bride say, Come !' and they who hear, say, ' Come one, come all, who will lay down the worldly life, that they may attain unto life eternal in the heavens !' C. Van Houtan, Mt. Lebanon FRAGMENTS Prudence and economy are essential to the success of individuals, and are the main- springs of true and lasting prosperity in families and institutions. All are familiar with the teachings of Jesus, after he had fed the multitude that had followed him, either from motives of curiosity, or for the loaves and fishes, or to be instructed by him; he made no difference, but supplied them all. He then taught his disciples, through whose agency the bounteous meal had been served, an important lesson of prudence, which was, ' Gather up the fragments that remain, that nothing be lost.' That was a fundamental principle with him, to which he gave practical illustration at that time. He felt the responsibility of his mission, which was to put an end to the Levitical laws and customs pertaining to the flesh—the generative life—in himself, and his followers, and of setting up a new and spiritual kingdom that would be founded on Virgin Purity; the fruits of which would be ' Peace on earth, and good will to man.' He felt that the physical necessity of those who would gather to the New Order, which it was his work to begin, must needs be supplied, which could not be done, except by strict economy ; and this idea he wished to impress upon the minds of his disciples, on whom the burden must rest when he should pass from their sight. The same principle, and the same language, may be applied with equal force to mental, moral, and spiritual, conditions, ' Gather up the fragments, that nothing be lost.' Intuitive knowledge gained through mental perception should be carefully treasured, and not wasted; for through that medium we may gather an inspiration that will enable us to ' give to those who ask a reason for the hope that is in us.' Instructions and admonitions, and even suggestions, in a moral point of view, should claim our strict attention, and be stored in our minds as too precious to be wasted. Every fragment of truth, relative to the welfare of soul or body, should be gathered up. ' Order is Heaven's first law.' Then every gift and blessing should have its place in our hearts in order, according to its worth. All the essential principles taught by Jesus and his Apostles, in the first appearing of Christ, have, after many centuries have passed, been revived by the second advent of the Christ Spirit through Ann Lee. She taught all her followers ' to put their hands to work, and their hearts to God,' and to be prudent and saving of every blessing, both spiritual and temporal; and that, as we cannot make one spear of grass, nor one kernel of grain grow, it would be sin to waste them, and that it is a Christian duty to gather up every fragment, that not any thing that is worth saving may be lost through carelessness or neglect. T. P. Hale, Canterbury, N. H.