MODERATION 'Let your moderation be known to all men.' —o— We live in a day of momentous events, and social reforms ; and improvements move with lightning speed. Looking back, through a period of fifty years, we behold springing into existence, railroads, telegraphs, ocean tele- graphs, ocean steamers (or floating cities), ironclad vessels, heavy guns carrying balls of 600 lbs. weight several miles, tunnels piercing under and through mountains many miles, costing twenty millions of dollars; Science, j in every direction, expediting the labor of man by machinery applied to agriculture, as well as mechanical arts and domestic pursuits, making the farm a great machine shop, and the woman's parlor or sitting room a sewing or knitting factory. The effect, morally, of these things is to move human society along through time on the journey of human progress with lightning speed, without even a brake to steady the car of Progress around the curves of the track. The mental powers, especially of juveniles, grasp faster and more than they can comprehend or digest, so as to be thereby benefited. And, while scientific and religious views move so rapidly, the minds of mankind are so completely swallowed up, in the rainbow hues of progress, charmed with fine appearances of human gain, eagerly grasping at the variety of human benefits, huddled together, in some minds, in a confused mass, that their mental and physical systems are overwrought and paralyzed, rendering them measurably insane. But, while the mind is thus floating in airy castles of imaginary bliss, grasping greedily the newly-revealed wonders of science, art, and discovery in the universe of God, it is wise to consider that truth never dies, nor grows rusty with age ; that those truths which were uttered thousands of years ago, are the same unalterable truths to-day ; and that our knowledge of them is very limited, and our comprehension of the dignity and expanse of Truth's realm, yet hidden from our view, very small. Man is but a mite, a worm, Little heeded, little known : A germ of something yet to learn: Why placed here, to weep and mourn? Eternity God's works declare, He's set the bounds for mortals here ; Thus far, no farther, shalt thou share, Than earn'd by diligence and prayer. Whence art thou, Mortal 1 Going where ? Why boast of knowledge gained here 1 Eternity ! — bewildering thought — Will teach thee knowledge dearly bought. Keep steady, ponder well; for safety choose the middle pathway in the march of progress. Weigh well thy talents; be steadfast in the truth revealed to thee, and true to convictions of right, both to thy God and thy fellow-man, then happiness and peace will crown thy efforts. While the wheels of progress are in motion, and their rapid movements stir the world from centre to the poles, keep the head and heart steady ; thus, man will better comprehend and appreciate the purposes of the Divine Mind, relative to the final results of progress. Orren N. Haskins, Mt. Lebanon