CORRESPONDENCE By the request of friends we give publicity to the following correspondence, which took place between two Shaker Sisters of the North Family, Mt. Lebanon, in the early part of October and November, 1873. They both left the shores of time, to seek a home in the elysian fields on the other side of the stream, on the 10th and 23d of December last. October 5, 1873 Dear Companion, Friend and Sister : What have I to give thee from my storehouse, dear one, that would serve to cheer thee, or add to thy comfort ? I have looked over my treasures, and have found sympathy, love, and a heart to pray for you, loved one. I often think of you in our seasons of solemn and sacred devotion; and I sing and march for you ; and many times I visit you in spirit when you know it not. I think I hear you say : '' This is all very well, but I want to join in worship and sing and march for myself.' Well, be patient; the good time is coming. Do you remember the time when 1 was so feeble that I had to stand or sit by, and could not sing, or march, or join ' in the dances of them that make merry ?' Now that time is past, but I have some fears that it will return to me before I am ready for it, for I often feel very sharp, darting pains between my shoulders, and I have an exceedingly weak stomach. But why do I trouble you with my ails ? I will away with them, and take you by the hand, and we will sit down in the most comfortable seat that we can find, and call to mind the many, many soul communings we have had together! O Rhoda, dear Rhoda, how much good they have done me ! I would that they might be repeated. The cares of this life ought not to engross the mind to that degree, that such communings should occur but seldom. 0 for more of God in the soul, and less of earth! My heartfelt prayer is 'My Heavenly Father and Mother, give, Oh give me the true riches.' I do not presume to know my own heart as the good angels know it; but, so far as I under' stand my desires and motives, I am willing to pass through any amount of tribulation and suffering, to secure my hold upon eternal life ; and yet, dear Sister, it is an every-day struggle ; is it not ? The food given yesterday, does not suffice for to-day. O what a wise petition is that contained in the Lord's Prayer, ' Give us this day our daily bread.' As I travel in the Gospel, I plainly see that there is no stopping place with the least amount of safety for any individual (no matter what the age or privilege may be), until full redemption from the very nature of sin is obtained, and the divine life fills the soul. The following passages of Scripture often occur to my mind: ' Ye did run well; who did hinder you ?' and ' Ye wyere willing for a season to rejoice in his light;' and ' Let him that thinketh he standeth, take heed lest he fall.' I resolve and re-resolve to live nearer to my faith; and yet how feeble are my efforts, unless assisted by divine powrer. I sometimes think the poor frail body has something to do with our spiritual progress. Do you think so ? But I would not impute more to the body than belongs to it. Dear Rhoda, I should have been pleased to have had you heard Brother Levi speak in meeting this morning ; it was so good. Now, Sister, I am going to make you a promise, and I want you to make me a promise ; i. e. if I go to the summer-land first, I will intercede for you; and should you go with the white-robed angel before I do, you will intercede for me. Is that fair ? I commenced this letter this afternoon. I have written it for a little union, and I want you to have it this evening. So you will accept the first draft, and extend charity. Farewell in sweetest love, my tried and faithful friend. Yours affectionately, To Rhoda Offord. Margaret Pattison