SHAKERESS: EDUCATION A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS What is the line of demarcation between an educated and an uneducated person? If the amount of letter learning, the knowledge that is obtained through the study of books, be the criterion by which to determine, then it is an easy matter to define the status of individ- uals in regard to education. Where it is said of anyone he has finished his education, it must be relatively, and not absolutely so considered. A child may be instructed in the elementary department of a common school, and receive all the knowledge that is to be gained therefrom ; but it is only preliminary to something higher. When we get even a faint glimpse of the construction of the human mind, so vast are its powers of receptivity and elimination, we might as well think of setting bounds to Omnipotence as to mark the boundaries of human progress in knowledge and understanding, through the ages of the great future. In the earth-sphere of our existence, knowledge is bounded by time and circumstances. If children were begotten and born by lawguided and law-abiding parents, and there could be an equal distribution of the elements of subsistence among earth's inhabitants, based upon a just inheritance in the soil, then the distinctive marks of caste between rich and poor, educated and uneducated, would disappear to a great extent. Idiots and physical deformities would pass behind the curtains of the dim past; and a new earth with a new central light — civil polity and Jaws justly administered—would warm and vivify the earthly Order, while the Sun of Divine revelation would give life and light to the new heaven. Now, a chance fortunate few, give their whole lives to book-learning, and pleasure- seeking. Such are chiefly theorists, who live by brain-work and speech-making; and they cast all the muscular toils and drudgery of life upon the less favored. But all knowledge relating to the external world in which we live, if justly acquired, and practically applied, to aid humanity in the highway of physical, social, moral, and spiritual progress, is good, and worthy of all commendation. Personal exertion, through honesty of purpose, enriches whole nations. True knowledge attained, descends to succeeding generations, and is a legacy of far greater worth than the miser's chest of gold, which is generally pocketed by a few; while useful knowledge is given to the many; whether it relates to the stellar regions — the Science of Astronomy — or to Geology, where, by the study of the different strata of rocks and soils, knowledge is obtained concerning the historic periods of time, and of the different races of men, and of the lower orders of animals; and also of the nature of the soils, that they may better understand how to app]y fertilizers of different kinds to advantage, or whether it be the study of Arboriculture, each and all is profitable education. But, when we see men (who ought to have been created in the image of the All-Father, through pride and ease-seeking, evade the heavy burdens of life, and willingly eat the bread of idleness at the expense of others, rather than engage in tilling the soil, and thus obtaining their bread by honest and honorable industry), dodge behind a counter in a close room, with effeminate hands, and pale faces, measuring prints, and silks, and ribbons, from early morn to dewy night, while scores of delicate females are out of employment, homeless, and perhaps friendless, left to beggary and want, and who are oftentimes forced to sell their virtue, or starve for the want of proper means by which to earn an honest living, we are led to the conclusion, that, if ' God,' in the beginning, ' made man upright,' ' he has ' since that time ' sought out many ' senseless ' inventions.' And, when we see young women, who are endowed with intellectual and reasoning powers, and are capable of becoming bright-leading stars in the world of reform, and who should be counted with the true workers in helping to elevate the race from moral degradation, and in raising a standard of Freedom for Woman, giving all their time and energies to the study of the fine arts, to instrumental music, to speaking the French language, and to imitating French manners, and in patronizing the fashions in dress, gotten up by the courtesans of France, and call it ' accomplished education,' how can we help thinking of what the Lord said by one of the olden Prophets : ' I planted thee a noble vine, wholly a right seed ; how then art thou turned into the degenerate plant of a strange vine unto me 1' And is this happiness ? Do all those attainments satisfy the real desires, or supply the needs of the human soul ? While in this life, those who possess wealth may employ others to provide food and clothing for the mortal bodies ; but they cannot feed and clothe the immortal part. They who neglect to do that work for themselves, will suffer hunger, spiritually ; and, when they part from the tenement of clay, and become stripped of all their vain and worldly trappings, and shall appear in the real character which they have formed in their earth life, will not such feel shame and destitution ? While, on the other hand, those who conse- crate all the powers of their being to useful ends and purposes, who seek to elevate and honor labor by taking part in it, and feel that duty requires them to serve as well as to be served, and to use the things of this world as God's blessings, and not abuse them ; when the death angel comes, with his chariot to convey such spirits to their future home, will they not pass the shadowy confines of earth, to new life and joys in the heavenly spheres, there to continue the useful and the true in a world of realities; where they may learn to think, to speak, and to act, as do the angels, and like them be robed in garments of spotless purity, and listen to their sweet melodies ? All that is learned of the true and good while in the earths sphere will be retained and be of use in the celestial spheres; and knowledge will be added to knowledge while the ages roll