SPIRIT CORRESPONDENCE Edwin M. Stanton, late Secretary of War, to the Father of the Nation, Ulysses S. Grast, to whom I bow with respect and honor. Be not astonished at my communication ; but receive it from a heart warm with brotherly affection and love. My spiritual eyes are now open, and I can see the order and beauty of the new creation, and am anxious for the dawn of a new day, when many shall be baptized in the river of life, from which peace and purity perennially flow. After the close of the war, and a short time before my departure from earth, I was invited to make a visit to the Shakers of Mt. Lebanon, which I accepted ; and, in the few days I was with them, I enjoyed the most comfort, and received the greatest amount of good to my soul, that I ever experienced; and I look upon it as the greenest and brightest spot in the field of my memory. I humbly solicited their prayers to God for me, that I might be guided by Wisdom to perform my official duties. I had often bowed myself in sincere prayer to God, and I put my trust more in his power, than I did in my own abilities, or in weapons of war, to put down the Rebellion. I was convinced that, as a people, the Shakers were nearer the Throne of God, and more accessible to Him, than myself, becavise of the greater purity of tlieir lives ; and I felt unworthy to be in their midst, yet was blest by their kind reception and frequent expressions of tender sympathy, which seemed to pervade their whole being with impartial love for all humanity ; and I knew that they had often offered prayers to God in my behalf, as also for all the officials at the seat of Government, that Wisdom would guide all our proceedings ; and that the Union of the States might be re- gained, with a permanent increase. From a previous acquaintance with some of them, I had gained a love to that people which carried and bore my spirits up, through all the trying scenes of adversity that I was afterwards called to pass through, till my work was closed on earth. I had inquired of them the origin of their Society, their first Founder, etc., and received liberal information, satisfactory to my feelings. They informed me that they originated through the ministrations of some of the French Prophets in England; and that the immediate Founder of tlieir Society was of the Quaker Order. Her name was Ann Lee. Her followers call her their Mother in the New Creation. In 1770, while in prison, on account of her mode of worshiping God in the dance, she received a baptism of the Christ Spirit, and saw in vision the loss and depth of the fallen nature of both man and woman. She was called to go forth and proclaim to the world—especially to those of her own sex —the way of redemption from sin, and from the bondage of the flesh. In 1774, she received a revelation, directing her and eight of her followers to repair to America, and they arrived in New York on the 6th of August of that year. I had long had a strong desire to see her spirit; and often prayed that I might be gathered to the Shakers in the spirit world, when I had done with time ; for I desired to dwell with the pure in heart. In my last sickness, I was frequently impressed that Shaker spirits were near ; and the innocence of their SHAKEEESS. 19 angelic countenances soothed my troubled mind, and knit me still closer to them. On one occasion I saw, in a night vision, the answer of my prayers :— ' A woman clothed with the sun, with a crown of stars upon her head, and the moon under her feet;' and a breast-plate with these words written thereon: 'And she shall be called the Lord our Righteousness, the Mother of the New Creation, the Redeemer of the human race.' She stood with Jesus, the first Saviour of men. Around her was a band of holy angels, who were continually passing and repassing, and receiving from her hand, transparent seals, with these words upon them : ' These are the pure in heart.' And they placed the seals upon the foreheads of the surrounding multitude of angelic spirits, who stood at her right hand, on an ascending plane, illuminated with her brightness. While those on the left who came the nearest, were only in the shadow, and on a descending plane, and did not receive seals. I greatly desired to possess a seal. I was a great way off', quite in the rear, and on the left side; but, as my spiritual eyes were open, I beheld the glory of God, and the brightness of eternal Love, upon that female. So bright was its illumination, that it put the sunshine of Nature in the shade; and those living in Nature had only the light of the moon. There was a gulf between me and that holy band, into which I had got to enter ; and, to do this, I had to cast off my filthy garments; I had also to read, before appointed witnesses of God, the record of my whole life—every deed, one by one, as they were engraven on the book of my memory ; the good on the righthand page, and the evil on the left, before I could ascend that plane, so beautiful, or receive the golden seal. I awoke from my vision, and was satisfied that I had seen the spirit visage of Mother Ann. At my last closing breath, a lovely spirit from the higher Order, asked me what class of spirits I desired to be gathered to; and I said, ' To the pure in heart;' and he bore me to that Order, with whom I am now united in faith, and am daily striving to be clothed with the brightness of their glory. And, through their agency, I have selected, from among the Shakers, a Medium. I remain your friend and spirit brother, Edwin M. Stanton