'FREE INDEED.' ' O, Freedom, lovely in mine eyes, To thee I'm bound in duty I In thee is an eternal prize, Thy ways are ways of beauty. As fawns upon the mountain's height, Or as the eagles in their flight, To be in perfect liberty, My soul does long to be as free I' Eveky thing in nature, from the bird on the wing to the pearl in the depth of the sea, lives a life of freedom, choosing from among the surrounding elements those it needs to add to its development as part of the perfect work of God ; and we see little to mar that perfection, save in those whose simple habits of life have been modified by man, without attention to nature's laws of periods and rests, etc. etc. And can we believe that humanity—God's highest work—should be less free ? In the words of another, we believe that ' There is no greater crime than to stand between a man and his development; to take any law, or institution, and put it around him like a collar, and fasten it there, so that as he grows and enlarges he presses against it till he suffocates and dies.' But we also read, that ' whom the truth maketh free is free indeed,' and have believed that such freedom was attainable, and a duty. Consecrated to the service of the eternal Good, we have sought deliverance from 'the bondage of Sin' (not from its condemnation, for that was mercy's work to lead us to repentance), and have felt called to attain that ' glorious liberty of the sons and daughters of God;' liberty to become the Lord's free men and women, and arrive at the stature of manhood and womanhood, which no state of subjection, or slavery, could possibly afford the conditions of attaining. For, not only was the soul to be cultured and disciplined, but the body, by living in obedience to God's laws was to become 'every whit whole.' And we see that the same work which the manifestation of the Christ Spirit revealed in the life of oneness and equality of Jesus, when he washed the disciples' feet, or stopped to speak comforting words to the suffering or needy, was emphatically the Spirit of our Mother in the second manifestation of the Christ Spirit. ' Hands to work and hearts to God.' No matter how high or exalted hitherto. ' The common people heard him gladly.' They were ' the vallies to be elevated.' Many had already formed habits of industry ; and they had the common people's contempt of monopoly and caste. Then, with the steady habits which come of simple and unstimulated living,there was more hope of gathering a band of self-deniers who could endure ' the hardness ' which would follow those who could become Apostles of such disorganizing truths, as these were to be, in all the elements of worldliness. That they fell peculiarly hard upon the rich and elevated, we see from the callings of the twelve, from the words of Paul: 'Not many great, not many mighty are called • ' and also from the account of '' the young man whom Jesus loved,' but who apparently had nothing dearer than his ' great possessions ' to stand between him and self-denial. But even in this selected twelve, how soon the native lust for mastership commenced, and broke forth, to be met with those pro- found words of the teacher: ' Ye know that 21 22 SHAKER AND \ the rulers among the Gentiles exercise dominion, or authority, over them. But it shall not be so among you; for whosoever would be great, or chief, or ruler, let him be your minister, or servant. For, which is greater, he that sitteth at (the table) meat, or he that pre- pareth it 1 but I am among you as he that serveth ' (a servant). ' The Son of man came not to be ministered to.' Therefore, the sons and daughters who would follow him, are workers and toilers, ministering to their own necessities, and lightening the burden of life in every available way for others. He assured them, that, if they learned to rule and conquer their own lusts of dominion and possession, they would eventually become ' kings and priests ' (in the temples of their bodies), ministering to all sacred and consecrated uses, not the least of which would be the putting away of sins by confession, through some appointed individuals of their number, as see John 20 : 23, and Mat. 16 : 18, 19. But, in this stage of the world, growing so fast republican, theoretically, if not practically, ' kings and priests ' are not enviable characters. And thus, while the illuminations from the celestial world have, ever since the opening of this Dispensation, been growing brighter and clearer, that equality and brotherhood are the radical truths which these messiahs came to consummate, and which can only be realized through a virgin life, still we see that the struggle will be great and mighty, and that none but those who love truth and justice better than their own carnal lives, can be prepared to endure the trial. Power acquired and gradually increased, until it holds the mastership and control of other human beings, whether male or female, reacts most painfully upon the person using it; by hardening the heart, and deadening the sensibilities; so that the mind that could once see the beauties and rightf ulness of freedom, and equality for all the sons and daughters of God, can grasp its hold even on the conscience, and say, in Spirit, Obey me, rather than thy own weak imaginings. The seeds of anguish which they thus sow in sensitive and afflicted souls, must be harvested in their own spirits, ere they feel the wrong they do. When the Prophet declared that ' all should be taught of God,' and that his ' law should be written on their hearts and inward parts,' he saw, in vision, the day in which we live, when the heavens are opening, and natural, spiritual, and celestial truths are shining on the mind with a force and beauty hitherto unknown. All new truths, however popular, ultimately have their periods of being heresy to those who so rigidly conserve the old, that they cannot, will not, or dare not, comprehend them. And all receivers and abettors of such ideas are, for the time, heretics and infidels, until the age to which such unprogressive minds belong comes slowly up the hill of time. Had Jesus Christ never been accused of ambitious or mean and sordid motives ; nor Ann Lee, our Mother, censured for disloyalty to her country, or pure womanly instincts, not ere their mortal days had reached their meridian, would they have been called to leave their sorrowing disciples. The support they needed in life came but with their death and ascension. The truths which Mother saw (most radical in that day), are now acknowledged by the Spiritual intuition of not a few who cannot fully actualize them, as something higher and purer than earth has to offer. But what depths of anguish must they have cost the pure spirit which was called to eliminate them ; and, if she had not had the fortitude to strike herself free from every man-made restraint, their birth-hour never would have come through her mediumship. A late writer has said: ' The world still awaits the great deliverance. And the needs press, always imperative, now importunate, and utterly resistless. The old hastens to decay; the new is beating in throes. Never was there such a day as our eyes behold. Social reorganization is the question of the hour, but not superseding individual regeneration. The old order has well nigh come to the unbearable state. The competitive selfishness, the low aims, and the mean idolatries, that have long prevailed, have reduced us to the last stages of endurance. What throes in the civil world ! and these but faintly typical of the revolutions and transformations that are soon to be ; foreshadowings of which are now visiting saintly souls. Man shall know the joy x&gt;f a full redemption, perfect enfranchisement, perfect doing, and perfect peace.' Those whom God calls, he cheers with the clarion notes of freedom, and they sing accordant strains. No bands can bind them; for compulsory service is of no available use. And, after the soul learns to obey the laws of God in its being, and obedience is its joy and delight, it comes into freedom as spontaneously as the eagle in its aerie, or ' the fawn upon the mountain's top.' E. H. Webster, Harvard, Mass.