THEOLOGICAL TREASURY JESUS. At the head of Christianity, stands one of ' Nature's noblemen '— Jesus. In him we see a man without a creed, unless a fanatical love for a pure life may be considered a creed. This love made and makes all Christian disciples as one in their thoughts, and identical in their lives. Love is not an indefinable, inexpressible illustration, as many would incline to believe—a pretty word, but a myth! There is nothing that can exceed this love in making individuals alike in their life ; and consequently, in their theology, which is of small account. If any say they love Jesus, or any one else ; or any thing like the testi- mony and life of Jesus, the only evidence of their sincerity is the assimilation of their character with what they assert they love. We become like unto that which we love, as really as 'the sparks fly upward,' or ' water inevitably seeks its level;' and this truism remains intact, regardless of what we merely express of love by words. This truth has an important bearing upon the constitution of our Treasury. As an evidence : Among the millions who say they love Jesus, let them become like him ; and let them commence by simply living a virgin life ; or by abstaining from fleshly lusts, as did Jesus ! As a Jew, Jesus loved the Jewish Law; hence he lived out its principles in his youth — kept its provisions with commendable punctuality. He never condemned the Law of the Jews ; and, up to the time of his conversion to Christianity, and his baptism by John, we know not that he declared his love for any thing in preference to Jewish Provisions. And even then he did not condemn the Jewish Law ; nor did he attempt its suppression ; but he did supplant this by superior characteristics in life ! One of the noblest instances that could occur in the life of any one, was demonstrated by Jesus' answer to the rich young Jew ; ' Keep the Law ! ' To the sectarians of to-day, this would seem a lost opportunity to make a convert; but the sequel showed the wisdom of the remark, in preference to immediately enjoining the newly-received principles of the Gospel of Christianity. A good Jew, is very much better than a poor, hybrid Christian, and Jesus appreciated this fact. So long as Jesus loved Judaism better than the principles of Christianity, which he had not yet conceived, he lived like a good Jew ; but, when he learned of the higher law of the Christ, which he was the first to conceive, practice, and then to teach, then his love for the better, changed his thoughts and life; and then, by his love for the superior law, came his conversion to Christianity ! We are edified by the spiritualism of Jesus ; we love it, and purpose to keep it. We wonder at his paucity of theology ; and yet we propose to have only as much, and with this, our Treasury will be filled. True, he did introduce a system, which, when its principles are adopted, will cause a separation from the soul, of all that constitutes the life of Adam — generative, or worldly. And, as a matter of economy, expedition, and success, the prosecution of a superstructure upon a model Jewish organization is more possible and easy, than upon any other of which we know. Humiliating though it may be, the well-ordered life of a good Jew is sooner and easier carried into a brilliant Christian, than the best Gentile that has yet been presented ! And this truth will appear cogent to the philosopher who is able to compare Jewish antecedents, physiology, and law generally, with the same of any thing constituting a departure therefrom. From the numerous tenets put forth by professedly Christian Churches, we are variously inclined to think that Jesus was an iin- tnense theologian ; and as erratic in theology, as multitudinous in ideas. I would show him to be a lover and a model Exemplar of a better life, rather than a multiplier of new ideas. If I thought of Jesus as a theologian, I should soon forget him; but, as an ever-enduring monument of living purity I have in him, a morning acquaintance, a noon-day companion, and an evening guest, always happifying, and always new! With Parker, I have, in this nobleman of Nature, ' the possiblity of the race,' and, by example, not as proxy, a hope of the salvation and redemption of the race from any and every fall, to the highest and truest standard. G. A. Lomas