Dear S. &amp; S. —We tender our hearty thanks, that you have decided to make your monthly visits to our homes, through the coming year. You bring new hopes and aspirations to our spirits, and our hearts are warmed with the love that is brought to us, through your richly laden columns ; and we pray that you may be a messenger of good tidings to humanity : and we also pray, that those who are chosen to bear the burden of conducting the little sheet, may be strengthened and blest. While reading the January No. (more especially the editorial address to the Sisterhood), my soul bowed before God in humility and gratitude, that there had been so many noble, self-sacrificing workers raised up, who give unmistakable evidence of their love to truth and to human souls, by actual works, and thus show that they are willing to spend time and talent, to promote the righteous cause, and who ceased not to implore Divine assistance and inspirational power to aid them, while they seek to unfold the truths of the Gospel of Christ, and to point out the way which leads to life and peace. Truly there are Saviors standing on Mount Zion to-day : and the wells of revelation and salvation are full and running over; and we • join our voices in harmonious accord with those who stand on the heights of Zion, and who are extending a heavenly invitation to all souls who are thirsting for the living waters, to come and partake^ freely ; to sell all that is vain, selfish, and unclean, and wash in Jordan's flowing stream, by an honest confession of all sin; and seek that repentance which can be found only by forsaking all that is wrong. Heaven's storehouse is full of mercy and blessing for the contrite in spirit, and earnest seekers after truth. The angels beckon such, and reach forth a helping hand to lift them up to a higher life, that they may find power to live free from sin, and be like unto them. They who take Christ's life for their example and guide, will be pure in heart, innocent, and just before God and all men, and thus secure to themselves inestimable treasures in mansions ' not made with hands, eternal in the Heavens.' Dear Eldress Antoinette, do receive our love and thanks for your kindly greetings for the New Year; and. in response we say, May heaven's blessing — peace and prosperity — ever rest upon you and yours; and may the blessing of God rest upon the whole camp of Israel, and crown every effort with success, is the prayer of your humble sister, Nancy Riley, Hancock, Mass.