REDEEMING WORK ' Let this mind or disposition be in you, which was in Jesus.' Make yourself of no reputation. Take the form of a servant. Subdue pride, ambition, carnal desires, and the love of pleasure. Perform plain duties as they lie before you. To know the Truth, as it concerns ourselves, each one of us, and to practice it; in this consists salvation. Not waiting to do some great deed to manifest our devotion to God; but performing little duties, daily acts of kindness, marking our steps every hour with wisdom. Having found the pearl of great price, go and sell all and buy it. That which affects my peace of mind, my temper, my health, my present and future happiness, most vitally concerns me. To regulate my life according to the demands of the Gospel, this is my life-work. And to this end we must possess the Christ-like disposition, conquer opposing obstacles that would impede or hinder; crucify the flesh, overcome the world; subordinating every purpose, every wish, every thought and desire, to the chief object of personal redemption from a depraved nature, and a wicked world. What a noble undertaking ! What a work lies before us ! A labor sufficient to fill the vast capacities of the soul, sufficient to employ every moment, to fill every hope for the future, to engross the mind, and abstract it from sordid objects; a salvation to be worked out with fear and trembling. Who would desire to prolong mere life, in order to live and die as the animal ? Who would desire to live, rendering our whole being subservient to slavish, sensual and selfish wants ; and neglecting the concerns of the spiritual and immortal nature? What aids we have by the way, as we journey on in the redeeming march! We have both while we wake and when we sleep, the ministrations of good angels, of redeemed spirits, to assist us. We have the blessed example of saintly characters, here upon earth, to encourage, and the consciousness of duty performed, to cheer us. ' Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me, for 1 am meek and lowly.' We must habitually cultivate the graces of meekness and humility, for an important element in redemption is true humility. In our experience come many chastisements, to lower our pride and implant within us the seeds of humbleness of heart. To succeed, this work must be continued and carried out according to principles of truth, with fixed views, and a resolute purpose and will. The heart is the citadel which must be rendered impregnable against assault. Though trials often reach us, Though troubles be our lot, Yet every thing should teach us, Our hearts should falter not. Thomas MacRae, Pleasant Hill, Ky.