Shakers: Spirit manifestations - among them prior to their going to the world [From the Weekly Herald, Cleveland, O.] SHAKERS. SPIRIT MANIFESTATIONS — AMONG THEM PRIOR TO THEIR GOING TO THE WORLD. ' We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen.' John 3; 11. ' Write the things which thou hast seen, and the things which are, and the things which shall be hereafter.' Rev. 1 ; 19. Friends Editors Herald:—Agreeably to your request, we write to give you and your readers a brief statement of facts, which we have been an eye and ear witness to, of those 'spirit manifestations ' which took place in our midst some years prior to their going to the world. And this we do the more readily, knowing that the Cleveland Herald is the oldest paper published in Cleveland, and if we mistake not, has the largest circulation of any in Northern Ohio. 'It was in the year 1838, in the latter part of summer, some young sisters were walking together on the bank of the creek, not far from the hemlock grove, west of what is called the Mill Family, where they heard some beautiful singing, which seemed to be in the air just above their heads. They were taken by surprise, listened with admiration, and then hastened home to report the phenomena. Some of them afterwards were chosen mediums for the 'spirits.' We had been informed, by letter, that there was a marvelous work going on in some of the eastern societies, particularly at Mt. Lebanon, New York, and Watervliet, near Albany. And when it reached us in the West we should all know it, and we did know it; in the progress of the work, every individual, from the least to the greatest, did know that there was a heart-searching God in Israel, who ruled in the armies of Heaven, and will yet rule among the inhabitants of earth. It commenced among the little girls in thechiidren's order, who were assembled in an upper room, the doors being shut, holding a meeting by themselves, when the invisibles began to make themselves known. It was on the Sabbath Day, while engaged in our usual exercises, that a messenger came in and informed the Elders, in great haste, that there was something uncommon going on in the girls' department. The Elders brought our meeting to a close as soon as circumstances would admit, and went over to witness the singular and strange phenomena. When we entered the apartment we saw that the girls were under the influence of a power not their own — they were hurried round the room, back and forth as swiftly as if driven by the wind —and no one could stop them. If any attempts were made in that direction, it was found impossible, showing conclusively that they were under a controlling influence that was irresistible. Suddenly they were prostrated upon the floor, apparently unconscious of what was going on around them. With their eyes closed, muscles strained, joints stiff, they were taken up and laid upon beds, mattrasses, etc. They then began holding converse with their guardian spirits, and others, some of whom they once knew in the form, making graceful motions with their hands —talking audibly, so all in the room could hear and understand, and form some idea of their whereabouts in the spiritual realms they were exploring in the land of souls. This was only the beginning of a series of ' spirit manifestations,' the most remarkable we ever expected to witness on the earth. One prominent feature of these manifestations was the gift of songs, hymns and anthems, new, heavenly and melodious. The first inspired song we ever heard from the 'spirit world,' with words attached, was the following, sung by one of the young sisters, while in vision, with great power and demonstration of the spirit, called by the invisible ' THE SONG OF A HERALD.' ' Prepare, O ye faithful To fight the good fight, Sing, O ye redeemed, Who walk in the light. Come low, O ye haughty, Come down, and repent. Disperse, O ye naughty, Who will not relent. For Mother is coming, Oh hear the glad sound, To comfort her children Wherever they're found, AVith jewels and robes of fine linen To clothe the afflicted withal.' Given by inspiration, at North Union, August, 1838, ten years prior to the ' Eochester Kappings.' EXPLANATION. We wish it distinctly and explicity understood that when the term Mother is used in any of our sacred writings, the highest sense in which we use that term carries us to the Deity, of which Mother Ann Lee was a representative of the eternal Mother principle in the Godhead, as the first born daughter of God, as Jesus Christ was a representative of the eternal Father principle in the God- head, as the first born son of God, both of whom were divinely inspired. Are we not too prone to make gods of subordinates, and finalities of Unites ? Ann Lee taught her followers to worship God manifested in man, woman, or child. Not the creature. Not persons, but principles; persons must pass away, but principles, never I This may conflict with our education and the doctrine of the Trinity, but it does not conflict with Moses, nor Joshua, nor Genesis, nor Geology — science —nor with good common sense. St. Paul declared, (if he did not understand it,) when he said, ' for the invisible things of Him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even His eternal power and Godhead, so that they are 'without excuse.' Romans 1; 20. According to Moses, among the first things which God made was man: 'And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness; and let them have dominion,' etc., Them in the plural, includ- ing the woman—the mother principle—not him— man alone—nor father alone. 'Let us,' i. e., Father and Mother principle in the God-head. 'So God created man in his own image ; in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them,' etc. (Genesis 1;26, 27.) Is it not singularly strange that commentators of the last two thousand years, or nearly, have failed to recognize this great principle of Mother in the God-head, as well as Father, when it was impossible for one to exist without the other? The other, is always implied. On what principle, then, have we, in the past, excluded the Mother from the God-head and substituted something else, that has no analogy in the universe? when there is nothing more clearly taught in holy writ, and is now being revealed through babes and sucklings. But to our subject —no more digression. Next followed the little boys in the line of visions and revelations. But, before we take our leave of the girls, we will relate one incident which we saw exhibited, which may have a good effect on those in earth life. The gifts continued increasing among the children. Among these were the gift of tongues, visiting the different cities in the 'spirit world,' holding converse with the indwellers thereof, some of whom they once knew in the body. And in going to these cities they were accompanied by their guardian angels, and appeared to be flying, using their hands and arms for wings, moving with as much velocity as the wings of a bird. All of a sudden they stopped, and the following questions and answers were uttered through their vocal organism: Question—What city is this ? Answer-' The City of Delight.' Question—Who live here? Answer—The colored population. Question—Can we go in and see them ? Answer— Certainly. For this purpose you were conducted here. They were admitted, their countenances changed. Question—Who are all these ? Answer— They are those who were once slaves in the United States. Question—Who are those behind them ? Answer—They are those who were once slaveholders. Question—What are they doing here ? Answer —Serving the slaves as the slaves served them while in the earth life. God is just; all wrongs have to be righted. Question—Who are those in the corner? Answer—They are those slaveholders who were unmerciful, and abused their slaves in the world, and are too proud to comply with the conditions ? Question—What were the conditions ? Answer—To make confession and ask forgiveness of the slaves, and right their wrongs, and this they are too proud to do. Question—What will be done with them? Answer—When their time expires they will be taken away and cast out, and will have to suffer until they repent, for all wrongs must be righted, either in the form or among the disembodied spirits, before souls can be happy. And when the girls came out of vision, they would relate the same things, which corresponded with what they had previously talked out. Now, we will leave the girls for the present and go into the boys' department. Here we find them holding meetings by themselves, under the safe guidance of their care-takers, going in vision, some boys and some girls, for the work had progressed so as to reach adults, and all were called im- mediately into the work, whose physical organizations would possibly admit of mediumship. The peculiar gift at this time, was in visiting the different cities in the ' spirit world,' and in renewing acquaintances with many of their departed friends and relatives, who were the blissful and happy residents therein. But before we go any further, we will let our mediums describe the first city they come to after crossing the river. Question—What city is this ? Answer—The Blue city. Quest ion—Who lives here ? Answer—The Indians. Question—What Indians? Answer—The American Indians. Question—Why are they the first city we come to in the spirit land, on the plane, and most accessible? Anuwer—Because the Indians lived more in accordance with the law of nature, in their earth life, according to their knowledge, and were the most abused class by the whites, except the slaves, and many of them now are in advance of the whites in 'spirituality,' and are the most powerful ministering spirits sent forth to minister to those who shall be heirs of salvation. At another time these same mediums, fifteen in number, of both sexes, were sitting on benches in the meeting-house, saw a band of Indian spirits coming from the ' Blue City ' in the spirit world, to unite with them in their worship, said, ' They are coming, and as soon as the spirits entered the door they entered the mediums, which moved them from their seats as quick as lightning, Then followed the Indian songs and dances, and speaking in the Indian tongue, which was wholly unintelligible to us except by spiritual interpreters. It is said the white man first gave the Indian rum ; in exchange the Indian gave the white man tobacco. Both of which are a curse to civilization. Which was the aggressor ? If the Indians are allowed to smoke tobacco in the ' spirit land,' (which is doubted) is it any wonder that their city is called the '¦ Blue City ? ' Now, Editors of the Herald, if your readers would like to know any thing more about these things, of which we have only begun to give a brief sketch, we would recommend them to take the Shaker and SJiakeress, a neat little Monthly, published at Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., edited by Elder F. W. Evans, and Elderess A. Doolittle. It teaches the equality of the sexes, etc., only 50 cents per annum. We like it for the following reasons : 1. We like it because it is the Shakers' missionary to the world. 2. We like it because it teaches the science of a higher life. 3. We like it because its columns are enriched by original articles from some of their ablest writers of both sex, drawn from experience, and a ' community of ideas.' 4. We like it because of the music on the last! page of each number, which is worth more than the subscription price of the paper. As the sound of sweet music dies away in the distance, so is the passing away of friends we Jove. James S. Prescott, Agent for the Shaker and Shakeress. Cleveland, Ohio, P. O. Box 262.