Dear Eldress A.: I would show my appreciation of your beautiful description in February No. of Sister Margaret's departure to her spirit home, by returning thanks. I read the account with deep interest, and was edified and strengthened by the inspiring expressions which fell from the lips of our dear Gospel sister, as her spirit was about to take its upward flight to the unseen world. Her example in life and death is worthy to be imitated by every one who ' names the name of Christ,' and professes to love the truth. Without purity of heart, we are not practical Christians ; and true ' love is the seal of discipleship,' and will so remain ; and only through self-denial, and the same cross which Jesus bore, can any soul ' be crucified unto the world, with all its affections and lusts.' Such is the faith implanted in my heart; and by it I am resolved to live and die. I would have my life all pure and righteous; and my latest breathings like sweet Margaret's, drawn out in prayer for Zion's prosperity ; and, that her inmates may be filled with love and peace, and songs of rejoicing and praise. Do we not see how death may be swallowed up in victory, and the grave robbed of its terrors by a sinless life, while the spirit rises in triumph over all inferior things ? Those who thus live, do not die when they pass out of the material form ; by throwing off the grosser part, life becomes intensified — quickened — and we often feel a power, and sweet influence emanating from them, which give peace and rest to our spirits, while engaged in the arduous duties of the earth life. They become as guardian Angels to those whom they have left on the shores of time; and they often gather to the circles in the Eden home on earth, which, through consecrated labor, themselves have helped to create ; and they continue to strive to enhance its beauty, and to adorn all its walks ; and they delight to encourage and uplift each struggling soul, and to guide the young in the beautiful path of innocence, which leads to peace. How safe we feel while confiding in such holy watchers, to protect and guard the little flock. Now, my dear mother, I want to say to you, that Sister Margaret is not gone far from your embraces ; she is still your own, and her spirit lingers to bless and to cheer. And, since leaving the clay tenement, her spirit is happy and free in the society of the good and pure, in the Church of God on earth, and in heaven. Death to her, is but a birth into the higher life with enlarged powers of action. And, I feel to rejoice with her, that the messenger of life (not death) hath opened the door of liberty, and set her spirit free from the frail body, which it was her lot to inhabit. I feel renewed courage and strength, to press on in the gospel work ; and I will toil patiently and wait until the time shall come for me to be gathered to my heavenly home; and I hope to be found worthy to dwell with the shining saints in glory. I pledge myself to be with you in the progress of truth, now and forever. In bonds of Christian love and affection. Julia Johnson, West Pittsfield, Mass.