SHAKERESS: A PARABLE A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS Once upon a time there lived a good patriarch, who had the great misfortune to have a large family of decidedly bad children; yet somehow these children were not legitimate at all; they were owned by a kind of prosy ; and although, to some minds, how this thing could be is a paradox, yet in tracing their lineage to its origin, as nearly as we can, we find that not one of them ever had a mother. And indeed the great Primogenitor, to whom they claimed relationship, in reality, never had but one child, and that was a beloved son, who was as old as Ids father, and dwelt in his bosom, which, we will suppose, signified his love and entire confidence. He was also as good and perfect as his father, and kept his injunctions, and did always those things which pleased him. But the other adopted, accidental, or inci- dental children, were disobedient, heady, highminded and rebellious, daily doing those things that displeased their good father. He gave them lessons which they would not heed, and he pleaded with them, and sent messengers to warn them, but they would persist in doing as they pleased. At length he decided that forbearance toward them had ceased to be a virtue, and his patience became so exhausted, that he was angry with them every day; and he finally concluded to destroy them all. The good son, who had been safely ensconced in his father's bosom, happened to be in a more calm and considerate frame of mind, and he looked upon those wicked children with tenderness and compassion, for he saw many good traits of character in them, which he thought would be better saved than destroyed, and determined to appease his father's anger. So he said, ' Now my ever adorable father, I pray you listen to me, and do not carry your design into effect! I offer myself a willing sacrifice, a propitiation for their grievous wrongs. It is but just that they should die, and justice must be satisfied ! And now, all I ask is, let mercy rule and exonerate them, and 1 'will die in their stead! And the following shall be an everlasting bond, or covenant, between you and me : You shall give all these children into my charge, and I will stand as mediator between you and them, and I will give my blood to seal this covenant; and I will become a 'palladium, to the whole family, and they shall trust in me, and whatsoever they ask of you, they shall ask in my name. And this covenant shall endure through all coming ages; and should the children multiply and become as numerous as the sands upon the sea shore, it shall remain the same. Yon shall accept my life as the ransom for all their past, present and future violations of just and righteous laws ; provided they will believe that I am able and willing to forgive them as often as they transgress ; and that there is sufficient efficacy in my blood to wash away even the very stains of sin. The great and good father was well pleased with the generous offer of his wise and humane son, and he joyfully accepted him as a sacriSHA.KEHES8 fice in lieu of punishing and condemning any of the rest: and that, on account of the rightousness, sufferings and death of his innocent and only son, he would absolve all the guilty ones. Now, all that remains to be done is, since it has been decided that sin is the unavoidable concomitant of human life, to confess in some closet or secret place that they have broken their father's laws and done many wrong deeds, and ask for one drop of the atoning blood, and all is right ! Who, we would ask, can help admiring such a benevolent character? Is it not worthy of all praise ? say the popular theologians through the orthodox churches. Jesus Christ, through John of the Apocalypse, said, ' Behold, i come quickly, and my reward is with me, to give to every man according as his toork shall be. Which shall we accept ? We offer a simple remedy for some of the ills of humanity ; it is not a compound of condi ments, nor mineral substances, but of good common sense. Keep the hands employed in some useful avocation, the feet dry and warm, head cool, body clean, and the stomach supplied with plain, healthful food, taken at suitable intervals ; keep good hours, and remember that night is the time to sleep and rest; store the mind with good mental food, carefully avoiding every kind of trashy and unclean literature, that would serve to act upon and stimulate the animal passions ; keep the thotights pure; and do precisely ' unto others as ye would that they should do unto you;' then you will make progress toward a healthy soul and body.