RICHTER'S DREAM I DO not know that I can conclude this number better than by quoting Richter's dream, in which he shows the feebleness of man's imagination in the presence of the infinite wonders of the universe. It is translated by De Quincey : ' God called up from dreams a man into the vestibule of Heaven,' saying, 'Come thou hither and see the glories of My Kingdom,' and to the angels that stood around His throne He said: ' Take him! Strip from him his robes of flesh, cleanse his vision, and put a new breath into his nostrils; only touch not with any change his human heart, the heart that weeps and trembles.' It was done, and with a mighty angel for his guide the man stood ready for his infinite voyage; and from the terraces of Heaven, without sound or farewell, on a sudden they swept into infinite space. Sometimes, with the solemn flight of angel wings, they passed through the horrors of darkness, through wildernesses of death that divide the worlds of life; sometimes, they passed over thresholds that were quickening under prophetic motions from God; then, from beyond distances that are counted only in Heaven, light dawned as through a shapeless film; by unutterable pace they passed a light — a light, by unutterable pace passed them. In a moment the blaze of suns was upon them — in a moment the rush of planets was around them. Then came eternities of twilight that revealed, but were not revealed. On the right hand and on the left towered gigantic constellations, that by self-repetitions and answers from afar; that by counter-positions, built up triumphal gateways whose archways, whose architraves, horizontal, upright, raised and rose at altitude of spans that seemed ghostly from infinitude. Without measure were the architraves, beyond memory the gates, past number, the archways. Within were stars that scaled eternities around ; above was below, and below was above, to man stripped of gravitating body. Depth was swallowed up in height insur- mountable; height in depth unfathomable. On a sudden, as thus they rode from infinity to infinity; on a sudden, as thus they tilted over abyssmal worlds, a mighty cry arose that systems more mysterious, that worlds more billowy, other lights, other depths, were coming, were nearing, were at hand. Then the man sighed and stopped, shuddered and wept. His overladen heart uttered itself in tears, and he said: '' Angel, I will go no farther, for the spirit of man acheth with this infinity. Insufferable is the glory of God. Let me lie down, and hide me in the grave from the persecution of the Infinite, for end I see there is none.' And from all the listening stars that shone around there issued a choral voice: ' The man speaks truly. End is there none, that ever yet we heard of.' 'End is there none?' the angel solemnly demanded; 'Is there indeed no end, and is this the sorrow that kills you?' But no voice answered, that he might answer himself. Then the angel threw up his glorious hands to the heaven of heavens, saying, ' End is there none to the Universe of God! Lo! also, is there no beginning!' The more and the greater are life's difficulties, the more honorable it is to carry off the victory. Man may be disappointed in his greatest hopes in life, without, on that account, becoming unhappy.