PROBATION That the eternal destiny of all souls is decided at death is a doctine of Christendom. Who- ever advances the idea of probation, beyond the grave, is supposed to be on the verge of scepticism or spiritualism. We have no controversy with other people's religion, even if we disagree in theology. Our God is rational, possessing all the attributes of tender parents —father and mother. All intelligent beings were designed for a purpose, best known to them who, for aught we know, have sufficient power and skill to humble the mightiest man, and bring the most stubborn woman to simple obedience. The Eternal Parents' mercy is not limited to a few, nor to time allotted here. All souls must and will have opportunity to hear and obey the truth. There is manifest incongruity in the idea that persons of equal goodness, virtue and sincerity, who, for want of faith, or because of what others please to term heresy, are devoted to eternal misery, while their believing companions, although polluted with crime, may, through the merits of Jesus, enter the mansions of eternal brightness and ecstatic bliss. Millions never hear the sound of the Gospel in this life. Other millions are so constituted that obedience to gospel principles is, under earthly conditions, impossible. Judged by their fruits, not all who profess faith in the atonement are qualified for that heaven where no unclean thing can enter. In every intelligent being there is a germ of divinity, whose aspiration for angel food will, in some of the worlds, become too strong for resistance. Entering the spirit world, men and women are still in possession of their former faculties and affections, with all the depravity incurred by indulgence. They have left only the bodily organs behind. All grades and conditions exist in the next world. Naught but indomitable compliance with our holiest aspirations can change the moral status of the soul in this, nor in any world. They, who neglect selfdiscipline, must inevitably realize the degradation of such neglect. Those who are obedient to their holiest aspirings are drawing nearer to the fountain of good. Many, who in this world, fared sumptuously every day, pampering every desire, will, on entering the next world, meet with bitter disappointment. No miraculous salvation through the merits of another will transport them to heaven, a place where what each one loves is good for all, and all possess it. Their appetites and passions, intensified by gratifica tion, are upon them — minus the means of gratification. On the other hand, many, who like the publican, or poor Lazarus, feel unworthy of the crumbs of God's mercy, will stand high in the scale of virtue, prepared for the work of gaining power and victory over every evil propensity by a daily cross. This work must be performed by every soul before complete happiness is attained. Chauncy Dibble, Watervliet, N. Y.