ANN AND EMANUEL Were both transcendently important persons, as individuals. Far more so as representatives. In Algebra, a, as unit, may represent the whole genus of sheep. Thus it is in the Revelations. Its Angels, Trumpets, Seals. Books — written within and without — Vials, Plagues, Horses and other Beasts. And the symbols, whether of things animate, or inanimate, do invariably stand for quantities, Powers, Ages, Empires, Orders, Nations, Systems, as they operate, succeeding each other and dance in the great kaleidoscope of civil and religious history of the human race, from the beginning, to the end of time. This algebraic idea is the key to unlock the Revelations. But the lock itself, that has fastened them up and hidden them from human ken, is the actual number, measure, weight and value — the meaning of each character, type or figure, in this great sum on the chessboard of civil and eclesiastical mundane human history. As the learned, skillful anatomist, like Agassiz, who, finding one perfect bone of an extinct, or unknown quadruped, constructs therefrom, the whole system, or framework of the hitherto unknown animal — So it is with the chief of all mysteries — the Revelations. Having (bund, with certainty —admitting not a doubt— one great central event, therein described, all else falls naturally into line — ' Bone cometh to bone,' and each socket is filled. We have one grand whole. Ann Lee. and Emanuel Swedenborg inaugurated Eras too marked and prominent to be missed, or mistaken for any thing else than what they are. Swedenborg personified the Angel of Spiritualism. Ann personified the reaping, or Harvesting Angel. The Angel, that should harvest the whole earth. The Female Messiah, with her John the Baptist forerunner, to ripen and prepare the harvest for the Reaper. Rev. 14; 14. ' I looked, and behold a white cloud, and upon the cloud one sat, like unto the Son of man, having, on her head, a golden crown, and in her hand a sharp sickle. And then came an Angel out of the Temple, which is in Heaven — Church in the Spirit world — He, also, having a sharp sickle. And another Angel came out from the altar that is in the Temple, who had power over fire, saying, to that Angel, Thrust in thy sharp sickle and gather the cluster, the ripe fruit of the vine of the earth-Church.' Thus the earthly order is reaped. And the Heavenly order will be reaped also; being saved so as by fire. If the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and sinner appear? SWEEDENBORG ANGEL — SPIRITUALISM. ' I saw an Angel come down from Heaven, having great power, and the earth was lightened with his glory.' Rev. 18 ; 1. The preceding Angel to this was Babylon — Christendom in its dotage — ' Mystery, Babylon the great—the mother of Harlots, and abominations of the earth.' 'Horns'—Rational powers, grow out of her, that hate her absurd mysteries—'make her desolate and naked — eat her flesh and burn her with fire.' Thus they cook and live upon her. They solve her mysteries, and resolve them into no sense. They expose the abominations of holy and unholy wars. Holy Inquisitions, and Holy Alliances, with their consecrated wafers and candles — their diping and their sprinkling, as a sign of a sign — a shadow of a shadow — with their sips of wine and bits of bread, to be eaten with the flesh of the man Jesus, and washed down with his blood. Holy Christian cannibalism — Doctrine of Devils. Theoretically and practically, a horrible and bloody theology. Under its blighting influence, the few monopolize the life elements, while the many are forced into the bowels of the earth, to delve in mines, or into hurtful factories, or noxious manu- factories, on the earth's bosom. The creators and their creations, being alike the subject of ungodly speculation. Spiritualism is destroying those who destroy the earth. Co-operation and communism wait upon her footsteps. Hear the New York Tribune : 'SPIRITUAL' PHENOMENA. We present this morning an abstract of a remarkable article in the London Quarterly Journal of Science. The writer of the article is Mr. William Crookes, editor of the periodical in which it appears, and a chemist and physicist of high reputation. He has devoted several years to a careful scientific investigation of the so-called phenomena of Spiritualism, as presented especially by Mr. D. D. Home and Miss Kate Fox, and he writes of them in the calm critical manner that we should naturally look for in a man of his character and calling. That the result of his inquiries will create a lively discussion we can hardly doubt. For Mr. Crookes, though he shows none of the symptoms of religious enthusiasm, feels bound to admit the reality of the mysterious phenomena which took place scores and hundreds of times in his own rooms, in broad daylight, under conditions of his own choosing, and under the careful scrutiny of scientific unbelievers. When a man of his stamp tells us that he has seen Mr. Home floating in the air, and goblets, card-plates, dinner tables, and other solid objects dancing through space, as if the laws of gravity had been repealed; when he describes a 'self-luminous cloud 'that plucked a heliotrope blossom and carried it to a lady; when he tells us of nebulous and ghostly hands that shaped them- selves out of nothing before his very eyes, and rested unresisting in his grasp till they gradually dissolved into impalpable vapor,— we cannot help listening to him with a certain sort of amazed respect. For we must acknowledge that he firmly believes his own statements, and that he is not a person to be deceived by any common trickery. He emphatically rejects two explanations which are often advanced: one, that the mediums are jugglers; the other, that the observers are insane people or fools. Whether there is some unknown physical or intellectual force which can do all these wonders in ways not yet understood, whether the dead return to visit us, or devils come to deceive, Mr. Crookes promises to debate hereafter. Going back a few short years, when Prof. Farraday, who preceded Crookes, was the Angel of Science in the Isle of the Ocean, the Mistress of the seas. What a change, a most marvellous change ! Farraday, clothing himself with contempt, as with a garment, denied all the facts upon which Spiritualism, as a science, sought to procure a page in the British Encyclopaedia, a niche in the temple of English fame. Farraday, to his neverending shame, refused, in the name of Science, to investigate the claims of Spiritualism. But its facts—the basis of all science — have prevailed; Prof. Crookes has investigated, and glory will rest upon his name, while Wisdom is justified of her children — the Shakers — who, following their intuition, led by their prevision, and inspired by a Divine Revelation, worshipped the new-born babe, while yet in the manger of public doubt, as to whether it was a quadruped or a human, and helped to nurse it into a vigorous manhood.