TESTIMONY OF AN AGED SISTER I AM now eighty years of age, and it is about thirty-nine years since I united with the Be- lievers in Christ's Second Appearing; and I feel a strong desire before I am gathered to my fathers and mothers, who have passed on before me to the spirit land, to say a word to the stranger, and to the young of Zion's fold, concerning that faith by which I was called to come out from a world of sin, to embrace the Gospel work, which contained the power of salvation, and which has been, to me, the ' Pearl of great price.' When I was fifteen years of age, I united with the Baptist Church, and continued with them many years, striving to find a power that would satisfy my heart's desire, and redeem my soul unto God, who gave it. At the age of thirty-seven, I trembled to find, that 1 was yet a sinner in the sight of God, and a wanderer from Him. I united with the Presbyterians, and strovo to renew my zeal, and work righteousness, and live more to my own justification, and to God's acceptance. I continued in this soul' struggle seven years, but could not find food sufficient to sustain the spiritual part; for my soul hungered and thirsted after the bread and waters of life, and demanded a greater supply than I could obtain. At this time of need I read some of the publications of Believers (commonly called Shakers), and was led to investigate their doc- trine, which, at that time, seemed strange to me. At length I visited the society at Canterbury, N. H., and spent four days there, and then returned to my home. In about one year from that time, revisited the people at the same place, where I was kindly received and entertained. No pains were spared to enlighten my understanding, by giving me such information as I required ; and I had an opportunity of judging of their principles by the fruits brought forth. I perceived that a true Christian life and character must be based upon self-denial and the cross, which crucifies the carnal mind, and all selfishness ; and brings souls into a oneness of heart and life, and enforces the golden rule. Each ray of new light that shone into my soul, warmed and gave life to my immortal spirit; and I became satisfied that it was the true way of God, and that it would bring life and salvation, if I would be obedient. My understanding was enlightened to see the cause of my loss from God; and that if I would become a true follower of Christ, the lower animal nature in me must be mortified and subdued. I resolved to prove the work, by being obedient to my convictions, and find a life in God, though it should be at the expense of every self-pleasing desire; remembering Christ's words, ' Forsake all and follow Me.' Circumstances rendered it more convenient for me to unite with the Society of Shakers in Enfield, SHA.KER _A.ND SHAKERESS. 31 Conn. I did so sincerely, according to my best understanding, and placed my all upon the altar of j ustice and truth; and by so doing, new and increasing light, joy and love beamed into my soul, yielding a satisfaction which I had long sought, but could not find, and I am now satisfied that true peace of mind and rest to the soul cannot be obtained except by a full sacrifice of the worldly life, through watching and prayer. I have never regretted the choice that I made, nor had one desire to return to my former mode of life. And now, at the age of four score years, I feel to raise my heart and voice in praise and thanksgiving to God, for the great salvation that I have found; and with my feeble hand I pen these few lines, hoping thereby to benefit some of my fellow creatures who are now, as I once was, wandering in darkness and sin. My prayer is that all such souls may find resurrection life in Christ, which alone will insure happiness in this world, and eternal bliss in the world to come. Mary C. Wright, Enfield, Conn.