SONGS The peculiar gift of song that is given to Believers in Christ's Second Appearing, is beautiful, and highly prized by them. The breathings of the soul in measured strains of melody, filled with inspirational power from the interior spheres, is like balm to the spirit. The first founders of the Second Christian Church, Mother Ann, and her co-laborers, father William and father James, were very much blest with the gift of new and inspira- tional songs. The Christ-Spirit that baptized them, seemed to say, ' Sing unto the Lord a new song; and chant no more the melodies which properly belong to the old heavens ; for behold the time has come for old things to pass away, and all things to become new in the coming New Dispensation. The songs of Zion shall be filled with prayer and praise ever changing and constantly affording new food to supply the soul's needs through all the progressive stages of the travel and growth of Believers.' Thus far, we have confined ourselves to vocal music, and spiritual inspirational songs have been given, until they may be numbered by thousands. They are simple in style, but are peculiarly adapted to the religious feelings, and they touch the harmonic chords in the human soul, and lift it into the Divine element. Hitherto, we have not aimed so much to be scientific, as to be spiritual in our singing. And many who have given their attention to the mere science of music have criticised us ; while others, more spiritual, say, if you can have but the one, it is better to retain the spirit and essence, than to have the science without them. But as we claim that God is the Source of all true science, we may with safety cultivate our voices, and work with the inspirational powers toward perfection in music, as in all other things ; for the more refined and harmonious we become in worship, the more beautiful shall we appear in the sight of Angels, and the more acceptable will our offerings be. Then, dear Gospel friends, let us strive to correct our faults, while we cherish the gift of new and inspired songs as a rich ministration from Angels and departed friends. Anna Dodgson, Mt. Lebanon