THEOLOGICAL TREASURY DEATH—LIFE. —O— That there is a necessity for sacrifice, that atonement with God may be vouchsafed to souls, is a principle underlying the true Church of God. The spirit of the atonement is a right one. The popular rendering is assuredly false. The important features of nearly every denomination, from the Roman Catholic to the Second Advent, may claim the right to be adjudged correct, as pointing, at least, to the spirit of truth. But nearly all of these varied prominent doctrines among sects, are so encumbered by Babylonian rubbish, that long years have, and may elapse, ere the full light of truth will dispel the clouds that obscure the perfect day. Under the guidance of the Christ, Jesus died for sinners —that Jesus might more perfectly live — and that tinners might live like unto Jesus. The central idea of this truth teaches all, that Jesus more really lived for F. W. EVANS, Editoii. 26 8HAKEE A-ISTD sinners, than that he died for them ; though he did both —died first, then lived. His body was hung to the triangular erection, which, while it teaches us that Jesus was ' true to the last,' has no reference to his real death for sinners. The same death remains on earth in sinners' behalf; and the same life of saving power is as extant to-day as ever was incarnated in Jesus, and illustrated by him for suf- fering humanity's sake. Wherein was the sacrifice? Wherein the atonement? 'He that seeks to save his life shall lose life.' Jesus died for sinners — true ; and thus he illustrated, how each must die ; he not, by any means, relieving us from the necessity of the same death — death unto every unchristian word and work. ' He died, that others might live ;' most assuredly — thus teaching in his own person, that by their dying as he died, unto the world, the flesh and devil, they might live and reign with him as Christians ! ' The blood of the Lamb,' being interpreted, means ' the life of Jesus Christ;' and whichever term we use, we will conclude that our sins are atoned for, when we shall have confessed them, and repented of the same by their entire renunciation — ' ceasing to do evil, and learning to do well!' If we will live the life of Jesus, his Mood will be efficacious for our cleansing. How truly we can sing with our Wesleyan friends, the sentiments of their little song: 'Must Jesus bear the cross alone, And all the world go free ? Nay, there's a cross for every one, And there's a cross for me 1' But when we hear the honeyed tongue of the serpent, interspersing among sacred song: 'Jesus paid It all, All the debt T owe, Nothing, neither great nor small, Kemains for me to do.' We pronounce these and similar sentiments, the second greatest lie of the devil, the first being, ' Thou shalt not surely die !' Amid the early Christians, one general feature became beautifully prominent — all conformed their lives to the life of Jesus. And this practice led to the organization of the Pentecostal Church. Had the followers of Jesus left him to bear their cross, and be disciplined in their stead, while they followed their unbridled lusts and selfish inclinations, then would the records fail of being the hallowed pages which many of them now are. Jesus called men from their nets — some were married, some not; he dissolved the marital relations of the disciples, and united them in the superior relations of unlusting spiritual brethren and sisters. (Why have the Churches, professedly Christian, reversed this rule ?) ' Follow me,' said Jesus; ' die unto the world, live the Christ-life — die as I die, live as I live, and even as I am resurrected, so ye shall become the children of the same resurrection. Are ye rich in purse? Ye shall be privileged to bless others equally with yourself. Are you poor ? the Gospel will be equally magnified, inasmuch as it elevates your condition to an equality with the formerly wealthy. Were you warlike ? You need be so no longer ; for the Gospel will show you the folly of such perversion, and give you power to live above resentment. I am the way, the truth and the life. Seek this way, learn this truth, and live this life, and ye shall have treasure in heaven.' Such we believe to be the living testimony preached and practiced by his self-denying followers. And no precious Mood will produce these results. The sin-forsaking ' life ' of Jesus alone will do it. The ' blood ' that made Jesus what he was is equally operative and powerful to-day. But, whoever waits for Jesus to take the medi- cine by which they will find redemption, waits in vain, and saves a life that would, by its loss, secure this truth, and live this life, and ye shall have treasure in heaven.' Such we believe to be the living testimony preached and practiced by his self-denying followers. And no precious Mood will produce these results. The sin-forsaking ' life ' of Jesus alone will do it. The ' blood ' that made Jesus what he was is equally operative and powerful to-day. But, whoever waits for Jesus to take the medi- cine by which they will find redemption, waits in vain, and saves a life that would, by its loss, secure to them the virgin life that peoples the heavens! Elder G. A. Lomas, Watervliet, N. Y.