GENTLENESS ' Thy gentleness hath made me great,' said the Psalmist, in oive -of his inspirational moments. Wrhose gentleness ? God's gentleness ; the Wisdom and Love elements from the Father and Mother in Deity ; but more particularly of the AfAther, who (in speaking of her own MaterniTt^ and Eternity), said^ ' Hear, for I will speak of excellent things ; counsel is mine and sound wisdom. When He (God) appointed the foundations of the earth, then I was by Him, as one brought up with Him ; and I was His delight, rejoicing always before Him.' And Jesus, who was called the ' Lamb of God,' a name so typical of gentleness, how mild was he in his intercourse with all with whom he came in contact, holding in reserve the indignation that his pure spirit must often times have felt at the glaring wrongs around him. 29 Once, at the desecration of the temple when there was a grievous departure from Law and Gospel, such a letting down of principle to the greed of worldly gain, he gave vent to the deep feelings of his heart, and cast out the money-changers, and sellers of doves, and overthrew their tables. He felt that the temple of God was defiled; and that they were seeking to supplant the blessed ministers of purity and love. That rebuke administered through the medium of the ' small cords,' probably made them feel more like a company of thievish transgressors, than like honorable merchants. But the Spirit of Truth, with which he was baptized, being 'quick and powerful' to discern the true from the false, was constrained, at times, to exclaim in the ears of his hearers,' Ye adulterous generation ! ' ' generation of vipers I' etc. But gentleness of spirit, as the rule, marked his course of life. Some recent writers have sought to prove that Hie good Jesus was at fault, because he abjured the relationships which belong to the natural plane of life, for the spiritual and heavenly relationship of the kingdom of heaven; they say, ' What we want of our teachers, is not abdication, but conquest.' They urge that Christianity, as taught by his professed followers, has erred in the same way. But we ask, what is Christianity worth, if it does not affect a change of life and character ? ' The Law made nothing perfect,' for the reason that it was ' weak through the flesh,' and those very permissions which some of our modern writers are urging as essential; nor did it bring deliverance to a groaning world; nor did the philosophers and sages who preceded Jesus Christ, or who were contempora- neous with him, give such relief. The earth still remained unredeemed with sin and misery predominant, and goodness the exception. Christ, with his self-denial as the terms of discipleship, and call to follow him in a daily cross, taught the purity and holiness required, when he said, ' Be ye perfect even as your Father who is in Heaven is perfect.' He then taught a degree of self-renunciation beyond what had previously been required; and not only taught it but lived it. Evidently he gladly would have gathered his disciples around him, and formed a nucleus of a community, if he did not positively require it of them at that time. It would seem that a part of the twelve were unprepared for a communion of interest; and the truths of that day were so far in advance of the travel of its receivers, that Jesus spoke to them in parables, and said : that all could not receive his teachings as a whole, but, ' whosoever is able let him receive it.' The Pentecostal baptism, for a time, made those who believed, of one'heart and mind, and then they had all things in common ; but they were only ' a kind of first fruits,' and were not able to carry out the principles to perfection. Persecution, and the worldly spirit within, and from without, overcame and scattered them, and all who did not wish to be disturbed in their worldly life and possessions, doubtless breathed easier when those who were turning' things ' upside down' were divided and scattered, or gathered to the spiritland. In those days, there was a high mark set upon virginity, those who were ' holy in body and spirit,' saw the luster and charm thrown around the character of the Virgin 3O Mary, and many others since, who have suffered every indignity, and even loss of life itself, rather than violate the law of Chastity. How marked was the description of John the Revelator, concerning the Church of the future, which would be composed exclusively of undefiled virgins. The world has had Convents and Nunneries to represent the devotees to the principle of Virginity ; but never until recently, has the world been permitted to see the fruits of the teaching and example of Jesus, when carried to their ultimates. Through the inspiration vouchsafed to an uneducated woman, who belonged to a society that believed in the solemn ministry of silence, and inward waiting upon the Lord, have the principles of the first Christian Church been revived, which were nearly swept away during the dark agea. Her inspiration was professedly from the Saviour, who conversed with her as with a friend, and enlightened her as to the cause of the degradation and misery of humanity, and the means by which Eden could be restored to more than its primitive glory, which would be effected by 7'e-generation instead of generation. And now, by the continued living influx of Divine revelation from the Spirit-world, by which the Second Christian Church is vitalized, and through the power of the Dual Order in the highest heavens, a new spiritual Household is formed, under the supervision of a representative father and mother; and sons and daughters are brought forth, who become brethren and sisters in Christ; and, although in the world, and performing all needful duties pertaining to the earth life, are not 0/ the world. The old heavens are now passing away in confusion, the religions of the world having proved themselves inadequate to supply the soul needs of humanity ; and a new heaven is appearing. The new earUi is also beginning to appear, in which physical reforms are working for the elevation of man and woman relating to the physiological and generative life ; that a new and a better race may be brought forth to occupy and recreate the earth. But let not that class decry and seek to destroy those who follow the Lamb, and who sing the new song of victory over the ' beast and his image,' —the earthly and sensual nature; for, without the new heaven, where would be the ministration of light and heat, which is to vitalize the new earth, and inspire in the heroic struggle for a nobler and more harmonious race ? They must advance both together, and move on toward the goal of complete redemption. The one must act upon the other, like ' The wheel within a wheel,' which the Prophet saw in vision. The motion and force of the whole is dependent upon each, and neither can say that the other is unnecessary. The happiness and redemption of the race is the object in view; and, if that can be accomplished by the denial of the generative instincts, in those who ' are able,' and who feel the necessity of thus doing, that they may form a connecting link in the chain of progress, and be joined to those who are more elevated, and thereby improve the race, can it be a matter of regret, or an occasion of fear, that ' the world will run out,' when it is so evidently exhausting itself by excesses, and by wars, pestilence, and famine,—the consequence of physical and generative sins? The system which Jesus came to teach, never having been fully put in practice, can it be truthfully said, that Christianity has proved a failure ? ' The whole creation has groaned, being in pain, waiting for the manifestation of the Christ in the second part of his manhood, or for the second Eve, that ' the sons and daughters of God' might appear. ' The Comforter' was to come —' Christ in his glory.'' ' The woman is the glory of the man.' The Church of the past has been onesided, and as unproductive of good results as any house would be without a mother, and with nought but a combination of three male principles. This, however, was not a part of Christ's teaching: for none could be more tender and charitable toward woman, than he was, nor more appreciative, as her unbounded love to him would show; which constrained her to be last at the cross, and earliest at the grave. When ' all are one in Christ Jesus, neither male nor female,' but all take part in the various industries, and branches of government, according to their ability, neither being independent of the other, but supporting a pure brotherly and sisterly relation, in the innocence of little children; where the labor, toil, and energies of all, are freely given for the benefit of all; who will say that the ' kingdom of heaven is not pretty well advanced on earth ? In this spirit of consecration, men or women may ' buy as though they possessed not, and use this world as not abusing it;' for all is ours; not mine, and thine. When souls in this manner give cheerfully of time and talent to the public good, sacrificing their natural desires and loves, which would lead them to the pursuit of beauty in nature and art, and instead, turn their steps to the bedside of age and weakness, to minister care, food, and comfort, or to bestow the mother love upon the orphaned and lonely ones of earth, can we not feel that this self-renuncia- tion is one in whicli the 'man of sorrows' would sympathize ? And will he not claim such, as his true sons and daughters, who are thus striving to grow more and more into his likeness ? Can they not say with the Psalmist, ' Thy gentleness hath made me great ?'— great in self-abasement, that the good may be exalted; and in self-denial, that the heroism of the Chief of self-deniers may be ours ? for he possessed the same nature that we possess, yet relinquished all for the higher life, and became a pattern for others to follow, and practically showed that ' He that ruleth his own spirit is greater than he that taketh a city;' and those who gain this victory, and are attracted to, and vitalized by, the 'Women clothed with the sun'—truth and light— ' ha ring a crown of twelve stars upon her head,' representatives of the twelve Christian virtues, do really ' partake of the waters of life ;' for they have dug deep to find them. Happy are they who have heard the voice of the heavenly Bridegroom and Bride, who are calling for wise virgins to appear in clean and white raiment, to grace the marriage supper: for the ' Bride hath made herself ready ;' and let them be sure to supply their lamps with oil, that neither the darkness of the way, nor the length of the journey, may dishearten them. Some have come in, and their sorrow has been turned into rejoicing, and their souls have been cheered with music and dancing. And the ' Spirit and the Bride ' continue to say ' come,' and the children of Zion repeat the invitation : O come, all ye wand'ring and motherless ones, Whose cup of affliction with mis'ry o'erruns ; Come, strip off your garments of sin and of shame, And bathe in our fountains, ye blind and ye lame, For nothing is sweeter in heaven or earth, Than love from the Mother who gives the soul birth ; The Mother, blest Mother, who taught us the way To enter the mansions of heaven's bright day. E. H. Webster, Harvard, Mass.