A PRUSSIAN LETTER My Dear Sister : Your letter of the 9th of December, came into my hands on the last day of the old year. I felt glad and thankful to hear once more from you, and I readily comply with your desire to learn how I am getting on, in body and soul, in my new Shaker-home. Nearly all the remedies employed here for bodily ailments are, outdoor work, plain vegetable food, unbolted wheat-meal bread, and fruit. I am glad to be out of the reach of allopathic treatment, which, nine times out of ten, brings ordinary diseases to a fatal end. Only by giving nature a fall chance to work out her own salvation, without counteracting, impeding, poisonous drugs and unnatural obstructions, is she enabled to bring things to a good end. A full water and hygienic treatment is certainly superior to all other remedial processes. In this respect there is yet room for improvement amongst us. I should wish to see, in every family, a brother and sister, who were well instructed in hygienic and hydropathic principles. The ' Laws of Life ' I want to see read in every Shaker family. By these means, much weakness and disease might be cured in a short time. I learn more and more to understand, that a faithful fulfilling of the regularly repeating duties and labors of daily life, is one of the surest conditions of contentment and inner peace. Your report of the members of our family, I have read with sympathy. But I see there so many unfortunate, stunted, crippled, and abnormal states and conditions of life, as well in a physical as in a moral point of view, that the Shakers condemning and rejecting, from religious principles, all natural generative family life, as well as the sexual relations that create it, appears to me less hard and extreme. I place the Shaker's life higher, by twothirds, than the average family and social relations in the outside world. Their constant striving after moral and spiritual culture and developments: their holding on to purity and chastity ; by laboring in self-denial, for spiritual life, for unselfish, disinterested, activity and industry, each one seeking the good of the whole ; puts them on a higher plane than those who seek to gratify exclusively their own self, and who search for happines in material and sensual directions. Even in our Shaker rudimental state of development, the grosser vices, which ruin and empester human society in all its classes, do not exist amongst us. Tobacco and spirituous liquors, which transform at least one-third of the human race into physical and moral cripples; sexual incontinence, inside and outside of family life, which destroys and ruins another third of the race ; pauperism and material misery; all this is not known amongst us. But instead thereof, a moderate degree of comfort, with frugality and industry, and a morally clean and pure atmosphere, reigns throughout. I think such a state includes blessings which can hardly be estimated high enough. My sincere sympathy and co-operation is sure to our leaders, in the three families of our order, for the progress which has been made in our physical life, in regard to diet, that forms the basis for future moral and spiritual growth. ' Onward ' is written on our standard ; and the next object to be attained unto, is the sacrifice of super-fine flour. It will meet with many a short sighted pre- judice, and have to struggle against stubborn opposition. The flesh meat has quite disap- peared from our family table, but this I would hardly call a progress, if it were not followed by the further step of giving up entirely the use of super-fine flour, and taking in its place the coarse, unbolted meal. I have for some time eaten no other, and I feel much the better of it. Some time ago, we had the coarse, unbolted rye bread on our table, as we eat it in Germany, where it forms the staple food for the Prussian army, and of many of the laboring classes ; and I felt, by the use of it, an increase of strength and vital animation of fifty per cent. Fine rye flour paste is only fit to be eaten by individuals who contemplate suicide. If this change, of using the coarse meal of all the sorts of grains, was introduced throughout the families of believers, it would bring about a great many other changes ; and not only put away weakness and disease, to a large extent, but also transform our whole conditions of labor and farming. Half the quantity of grain we now use would be sufficient for sustaining the family, and hard labor would, in consequence, be diminished considerably. We would not need so much hired help then, and that would lighten the burden of the sisters and diminish our expenses, as well as lessening the dangers to our young people, by removing them from low and vulgar influences. More leisure for culture and refinement, in music and mental exercise, would be gained. Whoever are able to free themselves of false habits and silly prejudices, will recognize and admit, that the way we now select and prepare our food, is not perfect, nor free from objections. Should we try to change the constituents of the atmospheric air for our breathing, we would not act any more senseless than we do, by sifting out any part of the grain we use. It is an indirect abnegation of God and His divine wisdom, as creator of nature and of all organic life, that furnishes, in vegetable organisms, and especially in the seeds of some of them, the proper nutriment for producing and maintaining the higher life. In the kernal of grain there are two constituents, the inside non-nitrogenous starch, the outside nitrogenous; the whole enclosed by the husk or hull. If it were possible to separate half of the white of eggs, and let the germ of the young chickens be developed out of the remainder, we should produce just such a scrofulous, unfinished breed of chickens, as is now the young human raised upon super-fine flour; either directly or indirectly by their mother's milk. An immense amount of human misery, too large to be perceived at once, would disappear, if these simple, unrefutable truths could be recognized, reduced to use, and the conditions of physical life be transformed according to them. People are disposed to think that such a change, as is here indicated, when first brought before them, an extraordinary sacrifice and privation ; but that is a mistake. It is just the contrary. There is a perfect analogy between the change from an unrighteous to a righteous life. A person accustomed to indulgence in vain worldly pleasures; in sensuous revelry and debauch, will find the change to a sober, frugal, industrious, pure and chaste life, a sacrifice hard to bear. The regular duties of daily life will appear monotonous ; existence, insipid and without charm. But before long a gentle calm will steal over the mind ; a feeling of peace and quiet contentment take the place of gnawing restlessness and dissatisfaction with self and others. The turbulent waters of the soul will become smooth and clear, and the rays of divine love will enter like sunbeams. An organism, accustomed to be under the constant influence of stimulants and narcotics, will, at first, find good wholesome food and drink insipid, and without relish to the digestive apparatus, weakened and sickly by improper nutriment, the coarse food will be too rough and hard ; but, by persistence in using it, this will soon change. A healthy, vigorous condition of the bodily organs, will enable them to do their work properly ; and the preparations of coarse meal and fruits, will afford to the refined and quickened perception of the nerves, a gustatory enjoyment greater than ever before. Only in this way man will reach that blessed condition to make his body a place in which a divine spirit can dwell. When we have purified and refined our physical systems, noble, loving feelings and thoughts will enter our heart and mind, with out our being conscious of it ; just as surely as a crude, wet, swampish soil, that was only able to produce lower vegetable organisms, will, by draining, tilling, letting sunlight and air penetrate it, have higher forms of plant life germinate, and be finally able to bring forth grain and fruit. We must never forget that God is Love, and that means, happiness is insured to his creatures as a condition of their existence. In this way alone we shall attain the blessed state of liberty, which every soul longs for, and which Spinoza defines thus, ' to do, by our own will and impulse, the will of God, that is to be one with God.' I hope, my dear sister, you have kept alive, and have not got choked by this shower-bath of wisdom, that I have poured down upon you, but that you may profit by it and be happy. Yours affectionately, Julius Assmann, Cannan, Feb. 25,1874