SHAKERESS: IDLENESS A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS Idleness is the parent of destitution and want, the concomitant of vice, and the precursor of blight and decay. Idleness is a great sin ; it is as sinful now as it was in the time when the iniquity charged upon Sodom was ' fullness of bread and abundance of idleness.' The creative forces of the universe are all the time at work, and by the steady and har- monious action of all the parts great results are accomplished. And when we contemplate the magnitude of the material earth and heavens, according to our limited capacity, and realize how vast are earth's resources, and with what amplitude a kind Providence has provided sustenance for man and all the lower orders of beings possessing animal life, and see with what exactness all the evolutions regarding time and the seasons are made, we can but bow in profound admiration, and we revere the creative powers which formed and perfected such noble plans. And again, when we see how imperfect (comparatively speaking) are the works accom- plished by man, how unequal are his ways, and how unjust is he toward his fellow man, a sense of shame flushes our cheeks, and sadness steals over our spirits. And again, we turn to find the image of the Creator in the created, and we fail to find the needed trans- formation from the natural, which is first, into the spiritual and heavenly. And the words of the inspired prophet are applicable, ' My people have forsaken me, the fountain of living waters, and have hewed them broken cisterns that can hold no water.' Also, ' The prophets prophesy falsely, and the priests bear rule by their means ; and the people love, to have it so.' The present generation of people, have turned their minds to live by mentality and wit, as far as they can find means to do so, without combining physical strength with the intellectual powers, so as to produce a healthy individual and societal action. Scarcely a century has passed away since America sought to throw off the tyranny of British rule, because of unjust taxation, and she passed through a severe contest to free herself from the strong hand of oppression, that strove by force of might to make right. England has her landlords to-day, who hold their title-deeds to large estates ; but every one knows that they have not gained those possessions by honest toil, and that the millions of landless tenants, who work for a small pittance, and others who are forced, through lack of employment, to steal, beg, starve or commit suicide, have been robbed of their rightful inheritance to the soil. And America, young in years, but old in designing craft, is taking rapid strides toward reproducing the same condition of things on this continent that she protested against in the mother country ; and that, too, while some of the scars upon the limbs of the veterans, who fought and bled on the gory battlefield, to make her a free and happy people, and to prepare a home for the oppressed, are still fresh in the memories of their children. Pauper institutions have become numerous, and the prison houses of free America to-day are a living prediction of a sad future. They are inadequate to hold all who are sentenced by the high functionaries of the civil law, to atone for crimes committed. But do we suppose, that when all things are duly balanced, before that high tribunal where cause and effect are considered, and justice is meted out without respect to position or dollars and cents, that all the crimes against law will be attributed to satanic depravity on the part of the condemned individuals ? Or will the ruling ' powers that be,' which are ordained by self-seeking and ambitious men, who aim to live in luxury and ease at the expense of others, be held, either directly or indirectly, accountable for a part of it ? Certainly the foundations of society, in the earthly order, are out of course at the present time, and the ruling of public sentiment is practically against good morals. How then can we marvel at the spiritual dearth that is felt throughout Christendom at the present time ? There is a learned and eloquent priesthood, who make long prayers and speak oily words in the ears of the people. But the power of salvation is not theirs to give, for they do not possess it; nor can they, while they sanction ¦war, which proceeds from the unsubdued passions or lusts of men ; for, while they profess to follow the Prince of Peace, him who said, ' My servants will not fight,' they strengthen the edicts of civil rulers who announce war, and direct that in time of peace the nation must prepare to resent every insult, and retaliate by returning evil for evil. How unlike the lowly Jesus, who said ' Love your enemies.' How can the church dignitaries denounce sin in others, while themselves are the servants of sin ? The truth is, the priests and the people are immerged in the waters of sensuality. Hence, the giant sin of the land goes unrebuked both by precept and example. They who should be ensamples to the people over whom they preside as spiritual teachers, are eager to grasp the largest stipend, that they may live in luxury and ease, and recline upon their downy pillows and velvety cushions six parts of the time, and a seventh part is spent in spreading a cloak over the sins of the churchgoers, and ' daubing the walls ' of their costly edifices ' with unternpered mortar,' and thus the so-called religious temples are profaned by a hireling priesthood. We gladly acknowledge that rare exceptions are found; that there are suffering witnesses of truth in the large body of ecclesiastics, who are waiting in hope and praying in faith for the helper to come to Zion, we would not deny; and that they long for a change, that the ponderous burdens now resting upon humanity may be lifted, and that sin-oppressed souls may be freed by the truth. But, how can there be an effectual change, except by individual exertion and self-sacrifice 1 The work of every new cycle or epoch has been commenced by some individuals who have been pioneers, and have worked their way up-hill, against prejudice and pre-conceived opinions, which are always contending forces against true reform and spiritual progression. The dual nature in man, and in woman, is contradictive ; while the animal and sensual seeks its life on the lower plane, through the medium of the external senses, the spiritual part reaches upward to the higher spheres of Divine light and love, where God's angels dwell, who constitute his ministry ; and all the emanations proceeding from them will be like fire to consume the propensity nature which produces sin and sorrow, while the soul is elevated thereby to purity of life and stability of action. The aristocracy have degraded labor, and have practically placed a badge of serfdom upon it; while idleness bears the mark of gen- tility and respectability. Hence, many get their living by over-reaching, i. e., stealing in a respectable way, and are called smart for so doing; while other persons steal directly, and are punished therefor. Shakers are striving to elevate labor, by all taking part in it according to our ability ; and we place the insignia of virtue and honor upon all branches of useful industry, and aim to have our religion take all true science by the hand ; and we make honest labor a welcome guest at our social circles, and make honorable mention of it in our spiritual feasts. We think the Apostle Paul, was inspired with wisdom from above when he gave the command to the Thess, ' If any would not work neither should they eat,' for it remains true to-day that ' slothfulness casteth into a deep sleep, and an idle soul suffers hunger.' The Sisterhood of the Shaker fraternity, send kindly greeting to all who are engaged in the Temperance Cause. We recognize the present movement, as the commencement of a great Spiritual Revival. The Mother in Deity, is now sending her daughters into the field to work. And if they will toil faithfully, and perseveringly, their efforts will be crowned with success. We bid them God speed 1 Our prayers and blessing are with them.