GOOD NEWS 'Of the increase of His government and peace, there shall be no end.' One of the most pleasant features connected with the Gospel work is, that there will be no end to its spiritual unfoldings. It is to be forever a new revelation to those who love to walk in the light. We may pass from faith to faith on our Heavenly journey, without fear. No barrier can impede our onward, upward march. Angel minds may have preceded us, on the way to the Kingdom, from whom we can, and gladly will, accept the discipline which insures our safety, and harmonizes us with the life of Jesus Christ. It becomes our privilege to sit as pupils in the spiritual school, accepting the divine mission from those who are in advance of our position, we embodying their life in our own souls, and as faithfully transmitting the same blessing, to those who accept the work of the cross at a later date. From the first ministration of God's Law to man, there has been a gradual increase of divine revelation of ' government and peace,' adapted to the condition of those who were separated from among men, to be denominated His chosen people. The good old prophet understood this, when he said, ' Of the increase of the ministration of God's word there shall be no end,' and we live to attune our minds to the spirit of this prophecy. We have no reason to believe In- finite wisdom will be indifferent to the successful,prosecution of his own work, knowing, as we do, that finite minds will exert every faculty to acquire a desired object. Jesus understood this fact, when he said : ' Think not that I am come to destroy the law or the prophets.' He accepted the Mosaic dispensation, as one phase of God's work for the de- velopment of human souls. The law was no less essential for those who became his disciples, than it had been for the children of Israel. As Jesus received increasing spiritual light, he unfolded greater spiritual truths to his followers corresponding with that light. While the teacher, Moses, justified his followers in hating their enemies, Jesus, with a deeper love for humanity, taught all who would walk with him, to ' pray for those who despitefully used and persecuted them.' Admitting that the spirit of God was manifested in the two dispensations, there was evidently a great increase in the latter, agreeably to the words of the prophet — of the peace and government — to which there was to be no end. Our Gospel privilege embraces within its boundary lines all the testimony of Jesus. To enter this sphere of divine light is to be under the spirit of progression — in an endless increase. Eld. Henry Blinn, Canterbury, N. H.