END OF THE WORLD A prophet said —' An end, an end, has come.' It is beginning to be considered as an actualized fact, that this earth is periodically populated and depopulated. Various genera of vegetable growths and different species of animals, organic beings, come into existence, and passing away, become extinct; evidence of their existence only to be found in the inorganic stratified layers of the earth. During the intervals of total extinction, the globe undergoes necessary repairs, which fit it to again become the garden of plants, and the field of animal life. We have evidence that this process of life and death is eternal. The numerous and divers species now in existence on this planet have been running their periodical race some thousands of years. The indications are, that many of the cultivated species of plants and vegetables, and some of the domesticated genera of animals, have passed their zenith and approach the winter of the ages. Also, there are races of humans, who, like sick Turkey, are dying out. As witness the Indians and the Yankees, or New England people, who, co-operating with this great law, are losing the love of offspring — becoming extinct. Something may be done to prolong the lingering existence of these worn-out plants, animals, and tribes of humans; but their dooms-day draws nigh, and new and superior classes impatiently await their exit from the sentient scenes of life. I have heretofore given you my views upon this important subject, and now allude to it, that you may see the great importance of discussing it in the Shaker and Shakeress. Touching the human race, I think it is the design of the Powers Above, who overrule mundane affairs, to bring forward the younger races, and compel them to observe the law of animal reproduction, under the tuition of the spirit of Moses — thus forming the new earth. While the older and worn out races will be harvested by the spirit of Christ, into the new Heaven, or by Death, into the spirit world. The unwillingness of men to marry, and of women to bear children, preferring thereunto the horrid crimes of foeticide and infanticide, are signs in the old earth ; while the growing dissatisfaction with individual and family life; and the spread of co-operative ideas, and of a community spirit, are signs in the old heavens not to be misunderstood; that soon it shall be truly said—an end, an end has come. Thus it is, progress for the younger and undeveloped animal human races, and resurrection vs. death, to the already refined, progressed, intellectual and spiritual kindreds, nations, races and tribes of earth. To these the Revelator referred: ' I saw an Angel flying in the midst of heaven, having the Everlasting Gospel to preach unto them that dwell upon the earth.' ' And the Earth was reaped.' Man cannot cause the Sun to move in space, nor change the relation to each other of the members of the solar system. He cannot make the seed to sprout out of its season, nor make the oak to produce apples. Man must take the phenomena of nature as he finds them — as they are. And in learning this, he learns truth and humility. He learns that what exists in nature is true, and to value truth, that he must bow to what is — to what, in the nature of things, he cannot change. J. B. Poole, Hancock, Mass.