CAPTIOUS CRITICISMS Amid the avalanche of letters we are receiving, comes one from an unfriendly stranger — woman. She criticises the Shakers, and their paper — The Shaker and Siiakeress. Friends, who feel an interest in the success of the little monthly, confer a favor by pointing out its defects and errors, whether grammatical or typographical. They do it in a kindly spirit. Of enemies, essaying to instruct us, the least we require is, that they do it in style as chaste, in language as correct, in as good honest English, as that which they criticise. She credits us with being ' well-meaning, and staunchly moral.' We would willingly spare a good deal of literary ability from some of our cotemporaries, to have the same said, truly, of them. Our critic charges, as a fault, that the Society reserves the right to charge '' casual visitors,' for entertainment. While enquirers, for practical purposes, are made welcome, the gossiping pleasure-seeking multitude, are not welcome. Nor are such as travel, seeking to live upon the labor of others, making a Shaker community a place of common resort. Our Society is not a public establishment — a free hotel, or boarding house, for curiosityseekers. Nor for city people, seeking ' an out in the country,' at little expense to themselves. It is our home. The class who importunately demand free fare at our hands, would be the last to convert their own homes into free restaurants for the use of all strangers who choose to call upon them. The rule, that correspondence is open to the Elders, is especially obnoxious to our feminine critic. We publish that rule to deter just such people from joining the Shakers. Those ' who creep in among us unawares,' to spy out our liberties, who desire to carry on private correspondence with parties in the outside world, in whom they have more confidence than in their Brethren and Sisters in the Lord, should go out from among us. They are not of us. Such persons we do not confide in, because they do not confide in their spiritual relations — their community associates. Thus, the want of confidence is mutual. These should hang upon the tree of nature, until they have progressed up to the Order, where '' that which is without, is as that which is within,' 'and where the male, with the female, is neither male nor female.' Those wishing to live in the selfish order of single persons — isolated individuals — as well as those who have progressed to the family — me and mine order — have our free permission to devote their talents, wealth and affections, to upbuild that order. They may toil for No. One, or they may marry, raise children, and buy and sell for their other selves. In these relations, the privacy and secrecy, appropriate to the selfish, normal life, is in order. But, when they weary of such contracted circle — such narrow sphere — and seek a higher life in which to expand their affections and usefulness, they must come to religious communism. Again, our critic asks, *' Are you a progressing people — a light to the world in literature ? ' We rejoin — The Shakers, at present, make no pretensions to high scholarship among the literati. Having sought to be honest, industrious, temperate in meats and drinks, cleanly in person and morals, as a basis for religion, rather than to be popular and learnedly great. In the practice of these virtues, we find happiness and contentment. ' The social evil' is far removed from our borders. Neither the poor, the naked, nor the hungry are to be seen among us. Peace and innocence abound. So far as this is ' light' and ' progress ' to the world, they are welcome to it. But the credit is to Shaker communism—a community of interests, and a community of ideas, feelings and affections, being one.