PHILANTHROPY If philanthropy, as defined, means love, benevolence, and universal good will toward the whole human family, where shall we find a word of broader signification, or one that will include so much good, and exclude so much wrong? In scriptural language it is said, ' God is Love.' When a human soul is filled with love, there is not much room left for envy and hatred. True love will elevate the soul, and carry it away from the world, and cause it to place its affections upon heavenly beings, and those things which are eternal in the Divine spheres, where God dwells, and 'is all in all.' Love has its counterfeit; but it leads away from God and fills the heart with impure desires —binds it to the false and vain — and its fruits are manifest in deeds of darkness, in selfishness, retaliation and hatred — the opposite of benevolence and universal good will. Those who possess this kind of love choose to dwell in the world, their life and interest are given to support the principles which constitute the world, which the Apostle defined thus : ' The lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, are not of the Father, but are of the world.' But all who possess true and genuine love, have their home in the truth — their dwelling is in God. If our hearts are aglow with philanthropic zeal, we shall strive to comprehend our whole duty, and to exemplify the life and character of the baptized Jesus «in every act which we perform; and we shall assimilate our feelings with all that is true and good, wherever it may be found, and co-operate with every movement that tends to progress mankind toward the ultimate for which they were created,! e.—a perfect at-one-ment with the Creator. Philanthropists, in the truest sense of the word, will stand self-adjusted, and manifest their sincerity by instituting a strict and impartial investigation of their own life and character, giving heed to the Savior's injunction, firstly, ' To cast the beams from their own eyes, that they may see clearly how to pull the mote from a brother's or a sister's eye.' This will necessitate a cross, and will call Gospel faith into exercise ; but it is vain for any one to attempt to evangelize others, while they themselves are in the wrong. Eventually, all false coverings will be taken off, and every thing Will be judged according to its merit, or demerit. Then, exaggeration of wrongs, or depreciation of virtue, will avail nothing. Philanthropy will lead to tenderness of feeling, and to compassion for an erring brother or sister ; and will teach, that if we would facilitate their growth, it is better to throw a mantle of charity over their shortcomings, than to rebuke them in an unchristian spirit. If we condemn faults in others that we approve in ourselves, we neither love nor do the truth, and are not on a Christian basis, but are on a shaky foundation. Pride and selfishness induce us to judge unrighteously; and in this condition we are not fixed in our purposes, but are weak and vacillating, and are liable to be moved by any adverse winds that may blow. When Love is at the helm of the ship, as we sail upon the sea of life, we fear not the storms that may arise ; and Benevolence —an amiable, sympathizing friend — will help to guide the vessel safely into port. Ann Offord, Mt. Lebanon