THE TEMPERANCE MOVEMENT It is a glorious work God has begun ; Hold sacred in your hearts its trust of power ; And when some little vict'ry you have won, Let that but nerve you for the adverse hour. O, put your faith in agencies divine ! That can inspire beyond all human strength. And ' greater works ' than those of old, will shine Along your pathway's steep and rugged length. 'Tis said a fearful river flows through hell; But, can it match the alcoholic tide, With rock, and whirlpool, and demoniac spell, That scatter desolation far and wide? We may conjecture that they are but one, Connected by a dismal open flume, Where raging rapids unimpeded run, To dash their victims through that gate of doom. And, as we trace the world's broad winding life, Our minds no darker, wilder flood can see ; Its miry banks with hideous reptiles rife, Are shaded only by the gallows tree. It is no myth ; we know its burning streams That carry blight where'er their currents flow, That bear away the hearts ennobling dreams, And sink the soul in passions base and low. The waving harvests, that the Father will'd From year to year, to show his mindful love, Are first usurp'd, then wastefully distill'd, To make his blessing but an evil prove — To bring to earth the waves of liquid flame, Whose touch is madness, and whose force is death; To exile man, from that parental claim, That fills the soul with inspiration's breath. If, but the horse-hoof pools along the road, Miasma to the sunny air exhale, Will not the river and its marshes broad, With deadly venom laden every gale? O, woman, there is work that must be done! You have but enter'd on its weighty care! Its darkest sands the hour of sin hath run, The morning dawns with incense of sweet prayer. The day shall brighten on your faithful toil; The will of God within your hearts reyeal'd Will give to them the balsam and the oil, By which the sad and wounded shall be healed. God pleads through you; then let him freely speak, 'Grieve not the Holy Spirit,' give free course. And you no more shall timid feel, nor weak ; He has prepar'd for you a strong resource. For never In the his'try of Reform, Has man attained a more illustrious plane. He nobly bears you through the conflict warm, His heart and hand your energies sustain. O ! we, the sisterhood, who toil apart, To bring redemption to the earth below, Know how to prize each brave and manly heart, That gives its might to evil's overthrow. Life is so mingled on its every side — United efforts must its good achieve; The father may all lib'rally provide, Yet, must the mother tenderly relieve. Go forth, as on a mission sent, Cloth'd with the snowy robes of fervent prayer; That all who see you may to God repent, And seek his law — his character to bear. Your own true purpose, like electric wire, Will flash conviction through the harden'd heart; Your supplication like the altar's fire, Will holy light to all around impart. May angel choirs assist you when you sing, And may the Comforter your words impress, Until the desert in its blossoming, Shall bring your hearts the blessing of success. Cecelia Devyr, Mt. Lebanon