WARM FEET Beloyed Editob — At the risk of being thought trifling, and telling people what they already know, I beg leave to remind them, through the Shaker and Siiakeress, of the secret of warm feet. Many of the colds which people are said to catch, commence at these extremities ; and colds are not the worst effects of damp feet. Persistent neglect, in this respect, produces disease of the internal organs, which once chronic, can never be cured. To keep the feet constantly warm, is to effect an insurance against the almost interminable list of disorders, which spring from ' slight colds.' 1st. Never be tightly shod. Boots, or shoes, when they fit closely, press against the veins of the feet, and prevent the free circulation of the blood. On the contrary, when they do not embrace the feet too closely, the blood flows freely, and the spaces left between the leather and the stockings, are filled with warm air. Those who pride themselves on having small, handsome feet, will perhaps, be unwilling to admit this assertion. They are earnestly recommended to sacrifice a little vain display, for the sake of comfort and safety, by wearing what the makers call easy shoes. 2d. Never sit in damp shoes. It is often imagined, that unless they are positively wet, it is not necessary to change them when the feet are at rest. This is an error; for when the least dampness is absorbed into the sole, it is attracted further to the foot itself, by its own heat, and thus perspiration is dangerously checked. Those who doubt this, may prove it by neglecting this precaution, and their feet will feel cold and damp, after a few moments, although, on taking off the shoe and stocking, it will appear to be perfectly dry. Also, the feet may be too warm, inducing debility of the whole system, as they may be too cold, by reason of being thinly clad, and yet not feel very uncomfortable, because they are drawing heat from all parts of the body, the result of which may be a general cold, a pleurisy, lame back, or rheumatism, according to previous conditions of the subject.—Ed. Daniel Orcutt, Enfield, Conn.