TEMPERANCE ' Not by might, nor by power, but by the Spirit' intemperance is being suppressed. The movement has a spiritual origin. There is, in the Spirit World, an organized company of men and women, who are appointed to the work of suppressing intemperance, in this country. It is their mission — Woman has been, by intemperance, the chief sufferer. It is meet that she should be the medium of ' the powers of the world to come,' for its removal. If woman will be content to be the instrument, and not aspire to the Leadership, in the work, prosperity will attend her efforts — for the cause is of God. la her hours of trial and doubt, let her look to God — not to man — and all will be well. Attending a temperance meeting in New York, on the 11th instant, there being present Dio Lewis, Gayland G. Clark and other master minds, nothing more favorably impressed me, than the recognition, by the men, of the fact, that the women should not look to them, as leaders ; but rather to their own inspirational impressions. Woman is at school — to-day she is doing the very thing that man has said, for her to do, would spoil her as woman. Appearing in public — learning to organize — what shall keep her from the Polls ? Who may exclude her from the Courts of Justice, or Halls of Legislation 1 What power shall let, or hinder the Millennium from being realized through such instrumentalities, and by those agencies, that it is alone possible for God to establish a Millennium ? Private virtue is the Granite Rock, upon which the structure of public virtue can safely rest, without fear of settling. Unless the individual women who compose the praying bands, do, in truth, commence the reformation with themselves, by contrition and repentance, their labors, with others, will be in vain. Not being in the Lord, their prayers will be as sounding brass and tinkling cymbal. What we possess, we can minister. When women have suffered and been helped, they can suffer and help others. 'Come not at your wives,'—was an injunction of the Ruling Spirit of the Hebrews, to them, when they fain would come near unto God, to be indued with power from on high, in order to overcome and conquer the Canaanites. Gome not at your Husbands, should be the word, in all praying bands, to those women, who would prepare — arm themselves beforehand — to fight the battle of the Lord against the sins of the world, and the giant sin of intemperance in particular. Thus can they say — We have set you an example. Follow us, in self-denial — We are refraining from things as dear to us, as are the things, to you, that we ask you to sacrifice — things as pleasing to our lower, sensuous nature. Then will they speak as having authority — as capable of charity. And they will cast out evils, that go not out, save by fasting and prayer. When the praying women fast from the lusts of their generative nature, they will be weighty in word, and mighty in work, against the minor evils of humanity. Who shall go forth to the battle — The Young Women of the Princes of the Prov- inces. Let them enlist at once in the effort to overthrow the saloon keepers. As soon as the Mothers have inaugurated the movement, in a place, if the Young Women will take it off their hands, and let the Mothers remain at home, in prayer, a double blessing will ensue. At once the Spirit will lead the Young Women to discard many extravagant and false things, about their persons, that now disfigure them, and which disqualify them for active sevv.ice in their appointed field of labor — of battle. The time saved from personal disfiguration will be ample for all their public duties. Sexual purity agrees with simplicity and utility in dress, like the verb with its nominative. Also, I would suggest — modestly— that all mourning dresses be at once omitted, and all useless and vain funeral trappings and ex- penses be abolished, and that the money thus saved be appropriated to purchasing praying dresses for out-door labor. Be ye temperate in all things. Temperance in drink is but one item in the bill of reform that has now begun to roll over America. If the American women will yield them selves to the influence coming from the higher spheres in the Spirit World, a new era will begin, that will, in its unfolding, be of vast national import. Let the women be j ust what they seem to be, and seem to be just what they are — God fearing women — and after the young women have passed through the present disciplinary, preliminary phase of education, a portion of them will become good wives and mothers in the New Earth, and another portion will arise into the New Heavens — the Resurrection Order — to go no more out forever. By my spirit, saith the Lord, the redemption shall come. Let woman look, labor and pray for the wisdom from above, not for that which cometh from man — the wisdom from beneath, and by which man has been so largely guided in organizmg and conducting all so-called civil government; and, in due time she will vote, with man's consent, and sit by his side in courts of justice and halls of legislation. The Millennium dawns !!