'THE WORLD MOVES.' In this age of advancing Science, and controlling Reason, we behold law and order brought forth from the realm of mind and matter. The intellective genius of to-day, untrammeled by the chaotic and blinding influences of superstition and ignorance, delves deep into the mysteries of things, and finds the key of knowledge, which unlocks the vaulted treasures of the earth, and reveals the cosmic forces underlying growth, action and harmony, so admirably displayed in the face of nature. Who would now attempt to controvert the universally accepted and. established facts appertaining to Astronomy ? Yet, only three centuries have coalesced in boundless eternity, since the same facts were branded as false notions. The teachings of the noble Galileo, relative to the Copernican theory of the earth's revolution, were interdicted by Romish ecclesiastical powers. He was severely reprehended, and thrown into prison, because he persisted in the belief that the ' world does move.' It was not a mere fancy of the mind that led to the conclusion. He invented the telescope. Through that wonderful instrument he scanned the heavenly bodies. Its powerful lens seemed to condensate space until it almost disappeared. Then, was revealed to his extended vision., the fact, that the scintillating stars were not mere luminous particles of light, sprinkled like gold drops across the blue expanse, as they appear in the distance to the naked eye ; but, worlds beyond worlds, similar to that on which we live; differing in magnitude, moving with circumrotary motion, each revolving within a given sphere around a grand central orb ; subject to the immutable laws of attraction, cohesion, and repulsion, which govern, and harmonize the universe. No baseless hypothesis that had previously been cherished could change his conclusion; for actual evidence had transfigured the hitherto dark and mysterious regions into glorious realms of light where order and harmony reigned supreme. Nor could the opponents of Science prevail to counterpoise his opinions, which tangible evidence had placed beyond a doubt, or the power of circumvention. With transport of feeling he published the glad news. And we see that the world continues to move, in more than one sense of the word ; for the triumphal car of Progress overrides the narrow dogmatical sphere of priestcraft and superstition ; and it will roll on with speed, over the yet trackless fields of unexplored truth, leaving light in its path ; while waning error will sink into obliv- ion, no more to rise in the glory that will flood the earth. Martha J. Anderson, Mt. Lebanon