POSITION IN SLEEPING It is better to go to sleep on the right side, for then the stomach is very much in the posi- tion of a bottle turned up side down, and the contents of it are aided in passing out by gravitation. If one goes to sleep on the left side, the operation of emptying the stomach of its contents is more like drawing water from a well. After going to sleep, let the body take its own position. If you sleep on your back, especially soon after a hearty meal, the weight of the digestive organs and that of the food resting on the great vein of the body, near the backbone, compress it, and arrests the flow of the blood more or less. If the arrest is partial, the sleep is disturbed, and there are unpleasant dreams If the meal has been recent and hearty, the arrest is more decided ; and the various sensations, such as falling over a precipice, or the pursuit of a wild beast, or other impending dangers, and the desperate efforts to get rid of it, arouses us, and sends on the stagnating blood ; and we wake in a fright, or trembling, or in a perspiration, or feeling exhausted, according to the degree of stagnation, and the length and strength of the efforts made to escape the danger. But when we are unable to escape the danger — when we do fall over the precipice, when the trembling building crushes us — what then ? That is death ! That is the death of those of whom it is said, when found lifeless in the morning, ' That they were as well as ever they were the day before ; ' and often it is added, ' and ate heartier than common ! ' This last, as a frequent cause of death to those who have gone to bed to wake no more, we give merely as a private opinion. The possibility of its truth is enough to deter any ra- tional man from a late and hearty meal. This we do know with certainty, that waking up in the night with painful diarrhoea, or cholera, or bilious cholic, ending in death in a very short time, is probably traceable to a late large meal. The truly wise will take the safe side. For persons to eat three times a day, it is amply sufficient to make the last meal of cold bread and butter, and a cup of some warm drink. No one can starve on it; while per- severance soon begets a vigorous appetite for breakfast, so promising of a day of comfort. Hall's Journal of Health.