THEOLOGICAL TREASURY TAKE HP THE CEOSS. The Gospel, or Mission of Jesus Christ, stands in rebukeful antagonism to all mere human systems of theology. And the originators and supporters of such systems ought to be ashamed of ever thinking that Jesus could approve of what these leaders, with their followers, allow themselves to engage in. There is not a single feature, which distin- guished the Pentecostal church, that is not discountenanced by the majority of churches calling themselves Christian. To this sweeping charge we will endeavor to attach equally sweeping evidence. Where, among modern churches, can be found, in practical operation, the cross that Jesus bore against generative lusts and relationship, against wars and fightings which come of those lusts, as against the monopolizing selfishness, inseparable from the natural order ? Is not fashionable Christianity the desideratum of the multitudes who follow on to do evil ? Is not union, with some popular sect, needful to success, in the process of adding house to house, till no place is left for the homeless poor ? Wherein would carnal mammon worshipers desire a change in New York churches, or in church theology 1 Great is Diana of the Ephesians — cry the craftsmen and craftswomen, who are made rich with the abundance of money contributions. To have a subxtitute to bear the cross/or us, may be comforting to the worldly professors. But they who deny themselves, and bear a daily cross against all the lusts of the flesh and mind, bear their own burthens, work out their own salvation. No substitute is needful nor desirable. The folly of living in sin, is apparent. To misinterpreted atonement must be ascribed grave errors. By it many souls have been robbed of salvation — salvation from actual sin. The cross of Jesus saves others just as it saved him. A man or woman may be saved by faith alone, from sins they daily repeat, when an oven may be heated by snow-balls. To comprehend, somewhat, the extent to which the cross of Christ has been evaded by our modern Gentile Christianity, let us revert to the model — the Pentecostal church. In Jesus, a virgin life was requisite toconstitute Him a Christian. And, without exception, his immediate disciples adopted that rule of life. Those, among them, who had been married, became as brothers and sisters to each other. They who were single so remained. Hence, the Pentecostal was a virgin church. When Paul permitted marriages among the Gentiles, he did it under this protest: ' I would that all men were as I am.' These Gentile churches have annihilated the virgin cross, and instituted marriage as one of their sacraments, in direct antagonism to both the first and second Pentecostal churches. Through the life of marriage the cross is abandoned — a life is saved — eternal life is lost. Peace is far from the sects who marry, as is the cross ; those who marry being the proper ones to do the fighting. The community system of the model church exists no where among marrying, fighting Christians. These do not seek each others' good rather than their own ; nor live together as brothers and sisters, faring and sharing alike the fruits of each other's labor; calling all things — not mine and thine — Ours. The community cross and the non-resistant cross are abrogated by marriage. Hence, it is a worldly and not a Christian institution, and many go in thereat. The world over, there is an inseparable connection between marrying, blood-shedding churches and worldly civil governments. What a contrast between these and the practice of Jesus under instruction of the Christ spirit. Let all desist from pressing into our constitution the God of these people, until they cease to worship the Heathen Deities — Venus, Mara and Bacchus. Eld. G. A. Lornas, Watervliet, N. Y.