My dear Shaker and Shakeress : Your continued administrations of Gospel Truth, being a necessity, your friends, who are legion, expect more of the Truth, as it is in Shakerism, from you, than they can get otherwise. This being the fourth year of your labors, we associate it with the 'fourth dispensation,' under whose benignant enlightenment, our Social Order is established. Your words of counsel, of warning, of cheer and comfort, have fallen, in many places, in good and honest hearts, with singularly healing and soothing effect. May a strong band of holy angels have a supervising influence over your very existence, and instill, more abundantly, through its consecrated Editors, a new Life — The Pure Life of the Spirit — as our New Heavens are to be peopled with a spiritual people. Let your voice, in clarion tones, summon the guests —' Come, for all things are now ready.' Zion, in all her branches, can bear replenishing, with redeemed souls, or those who feel the necessity of being redeemed, from their evil natures. Not only do our present established places require filling up, but a further increase, in the near future, will demand more establishments. Spread your wings, ye angelic messenger of good tidings. Rest not, till earth's inhabitants have all heard the good tidings you carry. There is a rest for the people of God. All, who will, may come and partake, and work out their own salvation. No ' atonement,'— no war — no slavery—neither physical bondage, nor spiritual bondage — or bigotry. You are charged with the support of, and have well maintained, a higher standard of religion than any other publication. From this extreme southern home of Shakers, receive our meed of commendation, which we cheerfully give. Your mission, to sow the good seed, and to rend the veil of wthe covering cast over all people — tlie flesh — is one of vast importance to suffering humanity. Shakers Wanted. 100,000 Shakers wanted, soon as convenient. None need apply, who cannot shake, or learn to shake themselves free from all prejudice, all wrong, all sin—all evil of every name and nature. But, all, who apply, bringing with them the following credentials, will be welcomed, as inquirers, and given every facility to learn of this doctrine, whether it be, or be not, of God: 1st. All honest people. The dishonest would shut their eyes and say, there was no light. 2d. All wishing to live a pure virgin life. 3d. All looking for refuge from the social evil. 4th. All looking to community life, for happiness. 5th. All expecting to work out their salvation. 6th. All who wish to attain the highest good, in this life. 7th. All who will control their appetites and passions. 8th. All who will confess their sins and quit sinning. Samuel Hurlbut, South Union, Ky.