Dear Editress : I feel indebted to you for the continuance of the ' Shaker and Shakeress.' I have derived much satisfaction and strength from it. I always hail its arrival with pleasure, and peruse its columns with eagerness. I feel a divine inspiration from the truths it contains; and, I trust it is a blessing to Believers— a cementing bond of union. And, I pray that it may also be a messenger of glad tidings of joy to many souls, who are as ' pilgrims and strangers on the earthly plane, seeking a better country,' or a better state of things than they have hitherto found. I pray that it may be a power in the land for good — a dispenser of light and truth — and make its well-timed visits to cottages, where the lone widow and helpless orphans dwell; and that, through it they may receive counsel and the balm of consolation, by learning how to flee the producing causes of sorrow. I am satisfied that there are many truthseekers at the present time who are faint and feeble, because they do not find spiritual food to nourish and sustain the immortal part; and who sincerely ask for light and wisdom, that they may better understand how to walk more justifiably in this present evil world, and to secure the love and blessing of God. And I have reason to believe that our little ' Monthly ' is a valuable aid to many ; for I have heard repeated expressions, from friends outside of our community, of their appreciation of its worth, as a means to convey knowledge of our principles and life, to many who have hitherto known but little. As the years of my life roll away, my thankfulness increases for the gift and power of salvation from sin, that I find in my Zion home. And I often feel to say, ' Beautiful is my home! and its beauty is enhanced an hundred fold by Gospel kindred dear, whose bond of union is pure and undejiled love. The banner under which we serve is Liberty and Peace! Through unselfish devotion to true principles, the subjects of this work are raising the standard still higher. And that it may wave in the breezes of Divine inspira- tion, and its brightness increase until its glory shall be seen from afar, many heavy laden, sin-sick souls gather beneath its folds, as children gather to the arms of a loving mother and to the strength and protection of a kind father, is the prayer of your humble sister. I would unite with all my brethren and sisters of the household of faith, and pray for more energy of spirit to conquer self ; that we may be able to make a stronger covenant with God and with each other, by greater sacrifices ; and gain more of the treasures of immortal life, and receive a new name (or character), and become practically ' kings and priests unto God ' — mediums of Divine truth to other souls, as it was given to us by our Gospel parents. We are called to be saviors, to stand upon the mount of Zion, and have lamps well supplied with the oil of truth and virgin purity ; to ' be clad in garments clean and white' — to be increasing in the knowledge that will make us wise unto salvation, and thus be able to diffuse that knowledge to others. In this way, we may pull down the strongholds of evil without, and strengthen the good in Christ's kingdom. And we shall be joyful in following the example of the good physician of souls, who bound up the wounds of bruised and sorrowing hearts and administered the balm of consolation. Let us do likewise, that we may drink at the fountain of life and love. Joanna Randall, Shirley, Mass.