SELF-DENIAL It has been said, and that justly, that 'there is no benevolence without sacrifice.' It is very easy to give that which costs us nothing, or that which we do not want; but, is there any virtue in such benevolence? Is it not like sacrificing the halt and blind, under the Jewish dispensation, which was said to be an abomination ? As Believers in Christ's Second Appearing, we profess to have consecrated ourselves, soul and body, time and talents, all that we have, and are, to the Work of God, and the cause of humanity ; but for this, ' we have received an hundred fold in this life,' with the blessed assurance of eternal life in the world to come. As I prize my precious privilege in the sindestroying Gospel, and feel its pure consolation, I would gladly do something towards making known to those who are yet subject to bondage, and the fear of death, how they may gain the liberty of the children of God. I would prefer to be a tarry-at-home missionary; and I think that much knowledge of Believers' faith and principles, may be communicated through the medium of our little paper; and as many have contributed freely to its support, and have also made efforts to give it a wide circulation, I thought that 1 would make a proposition to those who feel disposed to unite with me, but more especially to those who are young ; that is, that we make a free-will offering of some little idol, if we have any ; or, that we deny ourselves of some luxury — or resolve to abstain from stimulating food, and drinks, that are not essential to life and health, and thus help to roll on the little ' stone (of truth) which is to become a great mountain, and fill the whole earth.' Great things often result from small beginnings. ' Bring all the tithes into the store-house,' said the Lord by the Prophet, ' and see if I will not pour out a blessing, till there shall not be room to receive it.' Every tithe will be accepted; and, through sacrifice, prayer is made effectual. The Savior accepted the offering of the poor widow, who ' cast two mites into the treasury.' The gift was not estimated by the quantity which she gave, but by the sacrifice which it cost; for she gave her all; and if we do the same, we shall likewise be blessed. We should regard the laws of health, in a physical, and moral point of view ; and be temperate; using the things of this life, as not abusing them; practicing strict economy in our Zion home — laboring diligently with, our own hands — employing a portion of the proceeds in disseminating light, and truth, by sending forth 'leaves for the healing of the nations,' in the form of the Shaker and Shakeress. Ruth Webster, Union Village, Ohio