QUERIES Elder Frederick — To the query, ' Will not this Second Christian or Shaker Church — this Gospel of Christ — create its own literature 1', your answer, ' Yea, and that right speedily,' meets with a hearty response in my mind, and suggests the following questions, or rather, renews them : Shall old phraseologies, which should have perished in their using ; and which only lead to error, and serve only to hinder and blind • be perpetuated by mere force of habit ? Is it proper to use the term Jesus Christ, as the name of, and applying to one individual exclusively, and that, too, in the masculine gender ? Speaking of Jesus, as a man, should we gay Christ, He, etc.? Is Jesus, or is Christ, our Savior, or do we save ourselves by obeying the Christ as Jesus did? In common usage, Jesus and Christ are im- properly used as synonyms. Does this convey an intelligent idea? Shall we not accept the dictum of Jesus, ' The Son of Man ' — ' the seed of Abraham ; ' and when mediating for the Christ Spirit, ' I came down from Heaven ' ? Jesus said, ' It is expedient for you, that I go away, that the spirit of truth may come unto you ;' and you become mediators. ' They shall guide you in the way of all truth, and they will show you things to come.' Which shall we follow — the individual Jesus, or the Christ — the Spirit of Truth — the Comforter, which glorified Jesus ? Which is more proper — going to Heaven, or bringing Heaven to us — making Heaven ? Why not have Heaven within 1 Does not the term —' Adam's fall,' relating to one individual, thousands of years ago, 36 8HAKEE ^lND induce a feeling of irresponsibility, and blind the eyes to Adam's fall of to-day ? Have we not all sinned, after the similitude of Adam's transgression ? Since Spirits are no longer stigmatized as Ghosts, would not Holy Spirit — instead of Holy Ghost — bean improvement? Would it not be well to think, study and phrase our literature, to the understanding of the present living age, and not pervert language and sense, through time hallowed customs ? If all, or any of these questions can be answered, through the Shaker and Shakeress, more than one might be enlightened. Elijah Myrick, Harvard, Mass.