CHARACTER It is true, as has often been remarked, that human beings are 'creatures of circumstances/' to a great extent. But every individual, in a greater or less degree, has the power to form a character independent of circumstances. All are gifted with the power of will and of choice, and also possess the germs of a dual life — the natural and the spiritual — or of good and evil. A child, both by inheritance and the influences to which its tender and rapidly growing brain is exposed, may receive that which will quicken either the evil or the good within it, which, without doubt, will have a weighty influence upon its future course of action. But, as reason and the will-force are developed the immutable laws of cause and effect are more potent than circumstances, and many are induced by the stronger, to control the weaker, and to examine principles, draw their own conclusions, form their own plans, and decide upon their future course of action through life. As the brain is moulded by the spirit or mind, its present development will not be a bar to future change and growth into the true, or the false, which will produce joy or sorrow according to its kind. Either must be effected by the action of the will in co-operation with ministering spirits of whatever class we attract to us. Character is not reputation, and cannot virtually be changed thereby; nor can it be accurately judged by emotional feelings or impulsive words and actions, but by the habitual neglect of, or adherence to, certain principles which may be exemplified in the small acts of life, which help to form the real character. As the majestic ocean is formed of little drops of water and its extended shores of tiny atoms, so each silent thought, as well as thoughts uttered in word and deed, have a part in shaping the character and destiny of individuals. Happiness is the desire of every human being, and how to attain the desideratum requires a careful study of all the laws which pertain to physical and spiritual life. How to attain unto true exaltation of character, necessitates thorough investigation of principles, and careful scrutiny of motives, which prompt to action, and of the rules by which we are guided. The natural life, in its perverted state, is fraught with misery and sorrow. Its highest pleasures are unsatisfying, and will be out- grown in the soul's progress God-ward. We need a divine unction, that will quicken the spiritual germs of life in our souls, to enabl e us to form a perfect character. That will insure to us imperishable wealth, joy and glory, and establish us in principles that are im- movable, over which circumstances can have no control; and neither the hope of heaven nor the fear of hell will dominate. We shall do right from love of right. Is it not a point of wisdom for those of us who are young in years, and inexperienced in life, and are now laying the foundations of our future characters, to mark well those who are more perfect than ourselves, that we learn to imitate their virtuous examples and follow them as they have followed Christ and walked in the truth ? If purity be the basis upon which we seek to build, and Love our motto, it will be easy for us to assimilate our spirits with theirs, and to harmonize with the pure and good; and with them to drink at the Love-fountains which perpetually flow to earnest truth-seekers, like holy baptisms from the inner heavens. Catharine Allen, Mt. Lebanon