COLD BATHING Dr. Dio Lewis writes: Just now I am sorry to see that there is a reaction against daily cold bathing. A medical man of my acquaintance cautions his patients against too frequent bathing, for fear the oil may be removed from the skin. He tells them that twice a month during the winter, and twice a week during the summer, are quite enough for anybody. A well-known writer has recently cautioned the world against the removal of the skin oil by too frequent bathing. This is an entire misapprehension. In hydropathic establishments, the patients are sometimes bathed three or four times a day, but never lose the oil of the skin in consequence. Pugilists, in preparing for the prize ring, are bathed two or three times a day, and rubbed with rough towels by the strongest arms. Heenan was bathed three or four times a day, and was rubbed by Donald and Cusick with all the power of their strong arms, fifteen minutes at a time, and with the roughest towels and brushes, and yet the account says when he appeared in the ring his skin was as beautiful as a baby's. If cold water were used without soap, a bath every hour, with the hardest friction, would only increase the secretion of oils. A more frequent objection — one urged by the patients themselves — is that they can't get up a reaction. A lady said to me one morning : ' I have tried this cold bathing, but it always give me a headache; besides, I can't get warm for an hour.' Many others have made the same objection. Now, this is all because you don't manage right. If you will manage as follows, the want of reaction and consequent congestion of the head and chest will never occur again. Purchase a bathing mat, or make one by sewing into the edge of a large piece of rubber cloth a half-inch rope ; on rising in the morning spring into the middle of it, and with an old rough towel, folded eight or ten inches square, apply the water as fast as your hands can fly ; then, with rough towels, rub as hard as you can bear on until the skin is as red as a boiled lobster. This will take one minute, and leave you in a delightful glow. I have never met any one who, taking tie bath in this rapid and vigorous way, was not satisfied with it. — Ex.