BLESS ONE ANOTHER Jestts said to his disciples,' Love one another as I have loved you.' If the example of Jesus in this respect is fully exemplified in daily life, it will destroy selfishness, and eventually ' create a new heaven and a new earth, wherein shall dwell righteousness.' ' In blessing we are blest.' It is natural and easy for us to ' love those who love us,' but ' what reward have we' for so doing ? Christ said, ' Love your enemies ; bless them that curse you, and pray for them that despitefully use and persecute you.' We, who bear the Christian name, and profess to follow our blessed Gospel Parents, should be careful that we do not violate our profession upon this point. Let us not be deceived. 'We shall reap what we sow.' If we sow and cultivate Love and Peace, we shall reap Love and Peace as our reward. On the contrary, if we sow Discord and Strife, we must reap the bitter fruits which grow therefrom. If we follow the example of our Savior and return blessing for cursing, we shall be safe. ' When he was reviled, he reviled not again;' but patiently endured persecution. And when his enemies bore false witness against him, and even spat upon him, he opened not his mouth in his own defense. Are we willing to suffer like our blessed Master — like him ' endure the cross and despise the shame ' — and like him wear a crown of thorns, if need be ? If we are true Christians, we must follow him, and learn to be like him ; ' meek and lowly in heart; ' and to love and bless one another in the truth. If this we do, the blessing of God will never depart from us. Mary Middleton, Union Village, Ohio. The pure in heart shall see God. What a sublime and beautiful promise. What holy inspiration must have possessed the soul of Jesus, when before a gazing multitude he uttered that Divine promise ! A blessing was pronounced on the peacemaker and the mourner —the poor in spirit—and the seeker after righteousness; but the God-seeing are the pure in heart. One of our Gospel fathers, Elder Wm. Lee, left his testimony concerning the means by which purity of heart may be obtained. He said, ' When I set out to follow Christ in the regeneration, I felt it to be my duty to confess all the sins of my life, and then to forsake them ; and I felt such fear of God in so doing that I chastened my thoughts, and every turn of my eye that was not after God. And by this selfchastening, my eye became single to the honor and glory of God, and my heart was made pure.' And it is a happy thought that we have in our midst, to-day, Gospel brothers and sisters who through self-discipline have become ' pure in heart,' and can see God according to the promise of Jesus, who also ' endured the cross, despising the shame,' and said ' Be of good cheer, I have overcome the world.' By thus doing, he became to us a Holy and Divine teacher, whose bright example we revere, and whose sayings we delight to roll beneath our tongues as honey for sweetness, and as bread for strength. Anna Dodgson, Mt. Lebanon