PRACTICE Benjamin Franklin said, ' A good example is the best sermon.' Practice, — not Theory, — should be the motto inscribed upon the Christian's banner. True Evangelists, who are anointed by the Holy Spirit, and sent forth to preach the Gospel of salvation to others, must of necessity become evangelized themselves, by firstly making a practical application of the principles which they would enunciate to others ; for it is easier to teach, than to be taught; and human nature is the same in all ages, and in all nations. It would seem that the same spirit that induced some to compass sea and land to make proselytes in Apostolic days, without much practical good resulting therefrom, is rife to-day. Many run to and fro, but they run in vain; because they do not ' tarry until they are endued or anointed, with power from on high.' Some persons, as soon as they conceive an idea, and are intellectually convinced of its truth, rush with a blind enthusiasm to teach others theoretically, while they themselves need to be practically taught the first principles of what they are seeking to promulgate. This feeling is innate in every human being ; and it grows with their growth, and strengthens with their strength ; hence the necessity of self-discipline. The power embodied in, and the influence emanating from, a person who will reduce to practice his theories, are double the power and influence of one who is always preaching, and seldom, if ever, practicing that which he preaches. 88 Teachers and theories are multiplied in the land, and knowledge increases with greater rapidity than saving truth. When there are more who are willing to solve great problems, by practically working them out at the expense of self-indulgence, worldly honor, and pleasure, the real success in reforming the world will be far greater than it has hitherto been. There is diversity of minds, and various gifts adapted to the needs of humanity, and the work necessary to be accomplished. But, unless those gifts and talents are sanctified to, and approved by the Power which gave them, and honestly devoted to the uses for which they were given, their potency is lost, and the design not accomplished. Many, whose voices are never heard in public halls, but who are often found in silent prayer, and deep soul communings with spiritual intelligences, seeking to know what they can do to insure their own salvation, and to facilitate the growth of others in the Divine life, exert a powerful influence for good, and do much towards evangelizing the world. Not one sparrow is forgotten, E'en the raven God will feed, And the lily of the valley Heaven grants its every need. Then shall I, not trust thee, Father, In thy mercy have a share? And through faith, and prayer, my Mother, Merit thy protecting care ? Anna White, Mt. Lebanon