LIFE, REAL AND IMAGINARY Life is a great drama, in which every intelligent being may take part to profit. There is room on the stage for all. And if all would enact well their part, and honestly improve the talent committed to their trust, humanity would comprise a brotherhood and sisterhood worthy the name. But they who live chiefly in the imagination, are apt to picture great accomplishments, and fancy how they could acquire royal honors, and erect pinnacles of fame. Thus, while dwelling in the sphere of mental hallucinations, they are apt to be dis- contented in the sphere of real life, and to exhaust their energies in repinings, because circumstances are not molded to their will, and they cannot have a broader and a wider scope to display their powers, and develop their plans ; and they seem to be unmindful of the golden opportunities that are continuously presenting themselves, offering a wide field of useful labor, worthy of their attention, and which invite, and even demand their service. In this way time is wasted, and much work, that would tend to elevate and progress humanity, remains undone. An individual possessing but one talent, who honestly puts forth his or her efforts, and consecrates his or her life to noble purposes, will stand equally justified and accepted with others, of five, or ten talents, who do the same. Will the true parent reject the most simple heart-offering from one of the little group that clusters round the family altar? Are not the least, as well accepted as the greatest ? And, if this virtue blossom in the human, how much more in the Divine ! Will our Heavenly Father and Mother discard any devoted endeavor, however small the capacity, if all is given ? We hear God's witnesses in the ages past, together with our own reason and conscience, answer, Never. If we would live the real, let us be contented to work within our sphere, and use the means that are within our reach; and never seek position, rank or station, for appearance, or name ; but let our ambition, or aspirings be, to do the greatest amount of good, by firstly improving our own condition and surroundings, morally, and spiritually ; and then put forth our efforts to help others do the same. What will caste, in society, or the honor which cometh from mortals, amount to, without true underlying principles, as a basis of action, and, an approving conscience ? It is the indwelling spirit — the mind — that makes the man or woman. And, when the mortal part — the outward covering — is laid aside, we shall be judged by the interior. The fair visage, or well formed contour and rich costume, will not introduce us to the society of the good and the pure, in the land of realities. The constant vying, so largely indulged in among all classes and grades of society, is a barrier to the true development of the higher and nobler faculties, and brings spiritual dearth to the soul. In this progressive age, the light of religion, reason, science and common sense, combine, to show the pernicious effects of selfish ambition ; and should commend the life and example of the Divine Teacher to our better feelings : ' He that would be greatest among you, let him be the servant of all,' said Jesus. If actuated by a spirit of true humility, we shall diligently employ what ability we have to do good, in our mission field, whether it be large or small; when opportunity permits. Through culture and self-discipline, we grow new strength and power, and thereby add to the original gift, or talent. Life is fraught with toil, in every phase, and under all circumstances ; but contentment sweetens each duty, and there is ample scope for willing hands and cheerful hearts. If we cannot mount the summit of fame, we can silently collect the gems of wisdom which fall at the base. If we are too weak to engage in the heaviest conflicts, and are incapable of bearing the most weighty burdens and responsibilities of society, we can lend a helping hand to aid those who do, and sustain and comfort them with gentle words and kind ministrations. The mighty oak may tower among the clouds, while the modest violet blossoms beneath its shade, perfuming the air with its fragrance. So may the least one of us, shed a benign influence in all the duties of life. Then, let us seek to bring forth the fruit of a diligent contented mind, unalloyed with indolence and selfishness, which would claim the reward that justly belongs to their righteous neighbor. Emma J. Neal, Mt. Lebanon