SCIENCE VS. FAITH ' Science shall free Itself from the influence of Religion and Faith. Faith is a hindrance to Science.' Carl Vaght. Is it of Religion and Faith, as exponents of creeds and forms of worship, blind beliefs in dogmas, in themselves uncertain or useless, that the above assertion is made ? Or, does it apply to Faith and Religion as elements of Christian life and practice ? Can true faith hinder science in her endeavors to unfold nature's laws, or cloud her accumulating array of facts in unbelief ? Is it not equally as necessary to distinguish the true from the false in treating of religious faith — a perfect theory — as it is in the unfoldment of nature's laws by mere science, and are not the issues involved, as vital to the interests of man ? We think they are. When scientific investigators would darken counsel by words without knowledge, and seek to becloud with doubts, and darken with unbelief, faith — religion and the historic record, the Bible, — they undermine their own foundation — Spiritualism. There is no possibility of keeping science — an orderly arrangement of facts — and Faith — religion — apart. Honest, truth-loving, patient investigation, correctness of observation, precision of statement and logical deduction, belong to one as to the other. The scientist, be he materialist, deist or pagan, whose writings and life evince love for humanity, will not be tabooed by the spirit of our age, which judges the tree by its fruit and not by the name it chances to bear. What is faith? A belief — confidence — prescience. What is that instinct which permeates animal life from the coral to the human 1 If we deny God, in any of his works, do we not deny him in the whole creation ? If we accept God in man, have we not the key to science ? Science will have made her most wonderful discovery, when she acknowledges the source of all knowledge —faith — as her Lord and master — the soul of all things in Heaven and upon Earth. The dual principles of male and female are not more inseparably associated and connected in man, their highest tangible exponent, down to the nomad, or chemical affinities of nature's laboratory, than are Religion and Science. Creation is alive with change and progress. Cosmical affinity—chemical attraction—developes into instinct an offshoot of the dual parent cause — Father and Mother — God. Intuition in man, oft-times precedes investigation and knowledge. It is the law that pioneers the soul in all growth. To be destitute of the power of impulse, would be the death of all deaths. Impulse is the power to be, and to do. Faith, is the soul of spiritual life in man. It insures eternal progress. It is the evidence of things not seen — the substance of all good things hoped for. If ye had faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye should say to this sycamore tree, be thou plucked up and'planted in the sea. That is but a statement of the possible. And in our day of the probable — pro- vided there be cause. Faith, without, or unaided by science, can better comprehend nature and her laws, than can science, while warring with faith, see beyond her facts. As an art, faith must be classed among the ' lost Arts.' 34 SHAKEEE8S. 35 When Huxley, Darwin, Spencer andVogt, have discovered the source of life, they will be as learned as the way-faring man, who although a fool in science, has seen God, with the eye of faith—through purity of heart. That which is hidden from the materialistic wise and prudent, may be revealed unto babes in science. Finally, it is to faith, above instinct, intuition, or mere science, that all truth's investigators are indebted for what we, as humans, have been, are, and are destined to be in the glorious future. G. H. Hollister, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.