THE DAY OF JUDGMENT 'The Christian ¦world is looking forward to a time when all men will be judged. But they look too far. They overlook the great fact that every day is a day of judgment; that the trial is going on, convictions are obtained, and sentence is being pronounced upon men every day, and they are taking their places at the right hand or the left, according to the verdict. 'The laws of the divine order extend to the minutest events of life, and to all the operations of nature ; there is no escape from their jurisdiction, and no possibility of evading their police. Men vainly think ?hey can do wrong and evade its consequences; but it is impossible. Wicked men conspire to rob a city. They succeed. They take millions of money from the people; they gain immense power; they control elections, and legislators, and courts of justice. There seems to be no limit to their power, no means of bringing them to justice: and they riot in their stolen wealth, and laugh at the feeble efforts to punish them. ' But their trial is going on while they least suspect it. The witnesses are being called, and the evidence of their guilt is accumulating. They may defy the civil law for a time, but they cannot escape the power of a higher law than the civil, and in the end they cannot evade that. Every new act of fraud or robbery, and every word of defiance and contempt for the principles and the friends of justice, is one step toward conviction and punishment. 'It may not always be the punishment which the civil law prescribes, but it will be quite as severe. They may escape to foreign lands; but their escape is banishment and disgrace. They may revel in their stolen wealth, but it will not bring them happiness. Even if they become so hardened as not to feel any compunctions of conscience for their evil deeds, that hardening of the heart and indifference to right is a greater punishment than the civil law can inflict. It is imprisonment of the worst kind. It bars the soul from all that is good and true; it renders it incapable of enjoying the greatest blessings of life; it imprisons it in a dungeon to which no ray of the highest light can ever gain access. There is no condition more terrible than that. ' We come to wrong conclusions concerning the certainty and the severity of the punishment of sin, because we judge it by too low standards, and regard the civil penalty as the principal one. We forget that the divine laws operate whether human laws are executed or not, and that it is impossible to escape their penalty, which in all cases is exactly measured by the guilt. It is not a feather's weight more or less. The civil penalty is only the shadow of the real one. So far as the criminal is concerned, it is of but little consequence whether he escapes the civil penalty or not. The real one he certainly will suffer.' — New Jerusalem, Me.