SHAKERESS: COURAGE, TOILERS A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS Life and growth, or death and decay, are stamped upon all things in a terrestrial sphere of existence. Inaction precedes decay, and indolence endangers the health of both body and mind. In this world of ours, where human suffering abounds, caused by either ignorance or willful transgression of natural or spiritual laws, and where so much is needed to be done, how can any, who are capable of feeling the convulsive throes of hearts struggling for liberty, and longing to burst the chains that bind them, and to flee the prison houses whose massive walls encase them, be willing to withhold their efforts from doing what is in their power to bring about a better state of things ? Everyone may do something ; no one who has strength should fail to give it in a good cause. Does the question arise, what can I do ? I am but as a grain of sand upon the sea shore, when compared with millions of earth's in- habitants, who possess talent, wealth, and power, that would far outweigh all that I possess. The answer would be : Every grain placed in the scale of truth, against error, will be of use ; for ten thousand such grains might turn the scale in the right direction; and it is far wiser to cast our mite into the balance than to do nothing. It is better to sympathize with, and to pray for, those who feel the bitter pangs of destitution, whether in a physical, moral, or spiritual point of view (each condition produces misery and woe), than to turn a deaf ear to the cries of the needy, and think that God is able (if willing), by some miraculous power, to change conditions, without the agency of man and woman, and thus shirk all responsibility, and seek the epicurean's part. The orderly arrangement of God's laws through mediative agencies cannot be changed; as well might the agriculturist attempt to plow, and sow, and reap, without the utensils of husbandry, as for God to accomplish* his work unaided by the instruments which He has created for that purpose. Man and woman, assisted by a superior intelligence, are his implements to effect his designs in relation to the elevation and salvation of the human race. Those who deposit seeds in the soil, expect them to germinate and return an increase to the sower. Some may bring forth ' thirty, others sixty or a hundred-fold,' according to conditions; but all are expected to return something. So should it be with created beings who are endowed with reason, whether they possess one talent or five. God will call for his own with usury. There are diversified gifts and talents, and there is a place for every-one; for there is a large field open, and a great work to be done, to pull down the false, and build up the true ; and that work should commence with every individual. The exercise of true wisdom and charity would lead to self-discipline — to the correction of error in the individual life and character— before attempting to destroy the wrong , that is in others. 'Ah, here comes the rub! ' There are thousands of brilliant talents employed at the present time in advocating right principles, depicting the wrong, and decrying the flagrant sins and crimes that are increas- ing with fearful rapidity throughout the length and breadth of our land, who have never sub- dued the producing causes of those crimes in themselves. That is the reason why so many who are professedly in the work of reform accomplish so little ; they point the way, but do not practically lead the van. There is power in Truth ; and, when uttered by the tongues and lips of the righteous — those who do the truth —' it is like choice silver,' and brings health and life to the hearer. Words, thus spoken, breathe vitality to the fainting spirit, and give solace to the afflicted, rest to the weary, and meat in due season to the famishing. But seers may well be ashamed, and learned divines confounded and cover their lips, when there is no answer from God, and no response from the hearts of the people. Talent, when rightly improved, is a great blessing, not only to its possessor—'it is a gift to humanity. Wealth of mind is of far greater value than gold of Ophir ; for gold cannot buy wisdom. But when talent is profaned, and laid at the feet of ambition, selfseeking and self-pleasing, then we feel that an enemy has usurped what should have been the inheritance of the needy ; and God, the Giver, is dishonored thereby. If, on the other hand, all worldly and selfish considerations are sacrificed to just principles, and, with integrity of purpose, talent grasps the hand of virtue, and holds it with unflinching purpose, then we feel that there is a triumph of truth, and a victory gained for humanity. Without doubt, many of the ancient philosophers, knowing the frailties of the human heart, and the danger of temptation to desecrate their God-given powers to false uses, were influenced to avoid such temptation by seclusion ; and through prayer, ablutions, sexual purity, and extreme self-denial, to do their work; and they were blest in their trusting devotion. They became so far lost to worldly attractions and pleasures, derived through the medium of the external senses, that they were linked to the Divine. The earth was younger then than now; and her children reasoned less and believed more ; they were guided more by conscience and in- tuition than by reason. Now people reason much, and believe little, for the voice of con- science is but little heard or heeded. Those Ascetics were ' the salt of the earth,' the Saviors in their day. Many of the sublime truths which they taught, have overleaped time and space, and have come down to us in their soundness, freshness, and beauty; and they will descend through history to future generations. Truth never grows old. Now, if we can strike a middle line between Epicurism and Asceticism, and boldly engage in the Christian warfare, and meet temptation and overcome it, and let both reason and conscience have a place to work and perform their proper functions, then will Justice and Truth join hands, and Mercy and Peace embrace each other, to the joy of mortals, and the delight of Angels. Our credentials to the higher Christian life, and our claims as workers in the fields of physical and moral reform, must be presented in life deeds—real tangible works. Then we can with confidence declare our faith whenever and wherever there are ears to hear. Living, active faith, attended with righteous deeds, will conquer death and bring new life, and will give new soul-aspirations for the companionship of Angelical beings in regions supernal.