KINGDOM OF HEAVEN The Kingdom of Heaven is like a man, who, out of his treasures, bringeth forth things new and old. Very good. If correct, that kingdom is a system of constantly unfolding truth. Also, under the figure of a harvest of the world, we conceive the grand idea of a time when human organization, in its ultimate, should conserve the truths of all previous epochs and dispensations. Dividing our immediate spiritual history, according to our religious records, into two parts, first, the history of the Jewish race, or people, second, that of the Gentiles; we have this map before us. The spiritual seed time was in the days of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and his twelve sons. The spiritual harvest of that Jewish race, was in the days of Jesus, his twelve disciples and the Pentecostal Church, with its community of goods, and the resurrection of its members, up and out of the individual and family relation that Abraham, Isaac and Jacob founded; as the basis of the twelve tribes of Jews, comprising the House of Israel. The intervening history, between Abraham, with the twelve sons of Jacob; and Jesus, with the twelve apostle3, is simply the growth of the grain, from the sowing to the reaping. The progress of the Jewish Nation, was from the individual, to the husband and wife —¦ with their property possessions —• gradually increasing into a private family; and that family swelling into a Tribe, and the twelve Tribes uniting into a Nation. Unto that Nation the Christ Spirit came, as a Savior, to bring that world to an end. Henceforth, that which God Himself had planted and sowed — the generating family relation, with its selfish property — its individual life—-was ruthlessly plucked up. And, that which God had builded — a people, who should dwell alone, and not be numbered with the nations — was unsparingly pulled down. And the whole race of Jews became as a handful of corn, in the top of the moun- tains ; to be scattered, as a spiritual seed, among the gentile nations of the earth, as is recorded, ; In thee, and in thy seed, shall all the nations of the earth be blessed.' That Order, of resurrected Jews — Jesus, the twelve disciples and Pentecostal community, which the Christ Spirit had thus harvested from the world; was, itself, also translated — cut off from the earth —in about three hundred years. The Holy City — Religious community—was trodden under foot of the Gentiles — the Roman people. Their ensign — the dragon — devoured it by persecution; and it was caught up to the spirit world, where it exists to this present time, a source of prophecy, from which the Kingdom of Heaven will draw old things — Jewish truths — that will revolutionize its agriculture, its physiology, its dietetics, and its community business relations, until all that is worldly and Gentile, all that offends, is, in all respects, abolished and purged out of the Kingdom. Happy day ! Glorious anticipation !! Heavenly light, to enlighten the Gentiles!!! We have beheld the harvest of the Jewish nation, Christ incarnated in a Jewish man, a representative of the Eastern, or masculine part of the earth — Christ, in their first manifestation. We have seen the power of the holy people scattered, the seed sown among the Gentiles, the Gospel of the Kingdom preached to all nations, living in perverted generation, perverted property relations, and in perverted nutrition: and then the end came, and the Christ Spirit was incarnated in a Gentile Woman, as a representative of the Western, or feminine part of the earth. A second Pentecostal Community has been formed ; and is now, in its several branches, nearly an hundred years old. ' What hath God wrought ?' The history, twelve hundred and sixty years, of Gentile Christianity. Regeneration taught, and Generation practiced. Peace taught, and war universal. Forsaking all, laying all at the feet of Jesus, preached; keeping all they have, and getting gain without right, from all whom they can circumvent, the rule of Priest and People. This is confusion, worse confounded. But the peaceful Kingdom of the Branch, that has grown up out of Jesus, and out of the root of the stem of Jesse, is a refuge — a home for the Gentile — and his rest is glorious.