THE HIGHER LIFE Man is a duplex being, represented by two opposite conditions, the earthly or generative life, and the higher, spiritual or regenerative life. These two states are often in conflict with each other; the one urging him to look for enjoyment in sensual indulgences ; while the other urges him to seek his enjoyment in the development and growth of his intellectual, moral and spiritual nature. The internal life of man is like a flower, that gradually unfolds itself from the dormant bud, swelling and bursting its covering and expanding itself in its utmost beauty, — the immortal, spiritualized man or woman. In his rude and undeveloped state, man seeks to supply merely the wants of his animal nature , but as his mind expands, his intellectual nature must be nourished with its proper aliment. The pleasures that once delighted him, now prove inadequate to supply the wants of his being. Rising still higher in the scale, his moral faculties claim attention; the spiritual now begins to unfold itself and demands the necessary nutriment. He is called upon to hold in subjection the propensities of his animal nature, and bring them to the law of use. If he allows them to control him as they formerly did, heavy penalties are sure to follow ; for light has come from the higher spheres and illuminated the soul, influencing it to advance beyond its former condition, and attain to that which is the ultimate of human aspirations. This is not a myth, nor a dream, but a reality. The spiritual life is in harmony with all of nature's laws, and hence perfectly natural. Though the higher faculties be buried in the grave of sensuality, yet, some day, they will rise to life and hold complete sway over the lower propensities. To a soul who is living in the indulgence of perverted passions, the idea of the sexes living together in the enjoyment of the higher life, in daily association with each other, appears mystical, and unreal, if not quite impossible. As James Peebles says : —' You might as well talk metaphysics to mummied gorillas as to talk of a love divested of passion and earthliness, to those who swelter in the lower departments of their cranial organisms.' The fact is, their minds are not developed enough to comprehend the higher life ; there must be a gradual unfolding of the mind up to the plane of morality, and then onward till the higher life is attained. If we trace the history of mankind back for thousands of years, we see the higher life unfolding itself in the establishment of institutions designed to aid the soul in its aspiration for something above the merely sensual. The sexes secluded themselves, in such, from each other's society, for the purpose of attaining to that which they thought it impossible to gain by association. History does not furnish us, in all the past, the example of a reli- gious community, that has practically carried the higher life to that degree of perfection, which the Shaker Church has done. Here there are no bolts to prevent social and spiritual communion, sex commingling with sex in accordance with the law of divine love, but every thing tends to give growth to the whole man and woman, intellectual, moral and spiritual. Brethren and sisters feel the band of union growing stronger as time passes, while faithful performance of the duties of the present life prepares them for the enjoyment of every thing which awaits them in the future. Hamilton De Graw, Groveland, N. Y.