FOR THE SHAKERESS We often meet with persons who anxiously inquire, ' How we became members of the Shaker fraternity, and why we continue our connection with them ? ' I offer a few words of personal experience through the columns of the ' Shakeress,' and hope they will be acceptable to those inquirers who feel interested in this question. Tn early childhood, I was brought to Mt. Lebanon by my parents, residents of the town of Saybrook, Conn. Both received faith in the principles of Believers (or Shakers), and being obedient thereto, united with their family. I was then five years of age, and was subject and obedient to them, as my proper guardians. They placed me in a condition, where I was taught the principles of prudence and industry, and my morals were so strictly guarded, that I grew up in innocence and virtue. As I increased in years and strength, I found that I had an enemy within my own heart to contend with, that was seeking to bring me into bondage to sin — to allure and draw me away from the path of purity — and thus destroy my peace of mind by robbing me of innocence, which I found had hitherto been negative in a degree, because it was untried, and had not been subjected to stern discipline in the school of self-denial, and the cross of Christ. This brought a conflict; and I was forced to decide whether I would yield to the lower part of my nature, which would prompt me to seek indulgence in worldly things, or turn from the wily temptations to sin, and give my heart to God, and spend my life in his service. I chose the latter, and by obedience to the testimony of the Gospel of Christ, I have been protected from sin, and from its direful consequences. I have now attained unto the age of three score years, and fifty-five of those years have been spent with Believers at Mt. Lebanon. I look back upon my life, and feel an inward peace and joy that worldly riches or carnal pleasures could never give ; and I reflect with thankfulness upon the choice that I made in early life, to dwell with those whose pure and innocent lives were like incense of praise to their Creator. God requires purity of heart in thoughts, words and deeds, and to be privileged to dwell with the pure in heart on earth, with the prospect before me of an eternal union with them in the unseen world, is an unfailing source of joy to me. My heart often wells up with gratitude and love to the benefactors and guardians of my early life. And I also raise my voice in thanks and praise to God for the Gospel of salvation, and to his chosen witnesses who kept the testimony in its purity, and through suffering of spirit paved the way for others. An invitation is sounding to-day for the weary and heavy laden to ' Come to the home which God has prepared, through agencies of his own choosing, for those who will cast off the yoke of sin, and accept Christ's yoke of purity, which gives true liberty.' Then can they join with the poet and sing : Now, freedom waves her golden wings, And spreads her mantle round ; Can we be slaves to earthly things, Who have this treasure found ? Eliza R. Avery, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.