A MENTAL VISION I retired to rest with a feeling of anxiety on my mind, as to the future growth of Zion. And turning restlessly on my pillow, I exclaimed aloud, ' 0 Lord, what will attract souls to Zion ! What will make them willing to accept the cross, come in and fill up the ranks, and build up the waste places in Zion? What will bring laborers into the Lord's vineyard?' And immediately a ponderous wheel rolled up before my mind's eye, the motion of which was perpetual. Each cog appeared to represent a cycle of time, within a general cycle, and attached to the central part or shaft of the wheel, grouped together by fine threadlike fibres, each group in its distinct place, was the advancement of art, science and re- ligion. Every element and principle that bore a close relation to practical life was represented, each one good and indispensable to the harmonious growth of intelligence. The continual motion of the wheel brought some one of these within the sphere of mind, which appeared to engross the general attention of mankind at a given time; and then came the words, ' It is just as easy to excite the religious element as any other element, when the proper time rolls around; and souls will as surely be attracted by the magnet of truth in religion, as in any other element.' Art and science have engrossed the public mind for a long period of time; the results of which are seen in railroads spanning the continent, coursing their way through hills and over mountain tops — in the electric wires threading the air and sea from shore to shore — the very elements of destruction reduced to the control and use of man. As they facilitate the advancement of knowledge, may they not be the very means needed to advance the Gospel, and spread it over the earth ? When the proper time rolls around, the beautiful truths in religion, and a spiritual life in holiness, will attract souls, and cause them, through increased light, to loathe the hollow theologies and false doctrines upon which they now depend; and nothing but practical truth and goodness will satisfy them. Then they will accept the cross of Christ. I am waiting and watching the motion of the ponderous wheel. It is moving. Eldress E. Farr, Union Village, O.