BURNING, BUT FRIENDLY Like an oasis to the desert traveler—like a city of refuge to the ancient criminal—Shaker villages stand, with hospitable, open doors, inviting the sin-sick and needy to partake of their spiritual verdance—to come and claim their spiritual birthright—and, if not accusable of hypocrisy, or deceit, to be judged worthy the rights and privileges of the Sons and Daughters of God. Had I a voice, loud as the Archangel's Trumpet, I would gladly proclaim to that world of sin, that maelstrom of iniquity, from which I have so recently severed myself, that I have found Christ—a Savior, risen anew. Come, and behold what wondrous things are wrought here, by the Lord—Men and Women, who have washed and made themselves clean—living lives of virgin purity, by day, and by night, doing only what is pleasing in the sight of just Heaven. Formerly, differing in language, religion and blood, now agreeing in one faith, living in sweet harmony, dedicated to the Lord, to do his will—at all times willing to spend and be spent in the cause of their God, and for each other—void of selfishness, inviting all, who will, to come and partake of their blessings and favors, and of the waters of life freely.—Come, and having tasted of heavenly fruits, and breathed the air of purity, say if this is not the way of God—the very Gate of Heaven. Nothing other than heaven-born love and influence could make the sons and daughters of fallen, degenerate, sensual man, to be, from virtuous principle, so self-denying, generous, forgiving and self-crucifying. To me, a novitiate, it is most encouraging to know, that though many systems of socalled religious reform, with their Vesuviuslike, fitful ebulitions,have been, and gone, the true, radical, adamantine principles of Shakerism remain entire—the same living testimony to-day, as in the beginning—like the thunderings of Sinai, sharp, powerful and convicting— a terror to evil doers—yet a praise to those who do well. Built upon the Rock of Ages, it shall stand ! It shall stand, a witness for the truth, until no one shall say to another, Knowest thou that new way ? All shall know it, in spirit and in truth, rejoicing in this new Jerusalem, Jesus and Mother Ann being the key and corner stones. Though threatened, at times, by foes within and foes without, the sea of life, with its passions and prejudices surging around, the spiritually deserving canjread on her portals, Holiness to the Lord. Thus far shalt thou come, and no further. We have the assur- ance, that though angry billows assail, the righteous shall surely prevail. I rejoice in that which makes me free from the power of sin and death—that in the midst of so much darkness and delusion, there is so much life and light. I rejoice in the testimony of Mother Ann, which, compromising nothing to truth, wages eternal warfare against the growing evils—the damning sins of society, in this and other lands—particularly fceticide and infanticide. What ground of hope, for radical reform, is there, while Government Officials barter and betray the interests of their common country ? while wealth, not principles, is the criterion by which they are measured ? while spiritual guides—blind leaders of the blind—remain hushed, in the midst of such vice ?— while luxury and sensual gratification are the desideratum ?— while science is prostrated to mercenary purposes ? — while scholars are pensioned flatterers in Church and State? — while education and talent can be bribed ?— while the medical profession, from being the handmaid of nature, can, for filthy hicre, be seduced to dig elbow-deep in ways that are dark, soul-destroying and damning? How long—how long, O God, shall the working of such iniquity go unpunished ? In view of the plague spots, in all grades of society—thankful that I have been ealled to the higher life—my constant prayer is, that in childlike obedience to my spiritual Father and Mother, I be fitted and prepared, a living stone in the Temple of God—a light, to such as walk in darkness, that they, too, may come forth and partake of the resurrective power of life. Robert G. Moore, Enfield, Cl.