LOVE There is much said and written at the present time, upon the subject of love. Without agitation, there would not be thought; therefore, it is well to have the subject investigated and analyzed, that it may be thoroughly understood; and when it is understood, we hope there may be sufficient honesty of purpose to carry the highest ideal of the law of love into practice ; for knowledge, unless reduced to practice, is ineffective. Our highest conception of wisdom and love takes us to Deity, the primal source of all good. In scriptural language, ' God is Love.' We also read of a wisdom that cometh from above that is pure and peaceable ; and of a wisdom that is not from above, but is earthly, sensual, and demoniac. Will not the same justly apply to love? There is a Divine love, and a human love ; and a love (so called) that is sensual, and is the antithesis of true love, producing opposite results. Those who acknowledge two Orders, the natural and spiritual, accord to each its proper sphere of action, and the love, or bond of relationship, which governs, and holds them on the plane where they belong. The love that rules in the highest spiritual Order is from God, and will lead to Him ; Human, natural love, is also God-given, and has its uses, and is a necessity; it flows to the whole brotherhood of man. It is that which obtains in the family relation on the generative plane, where the affections center to kith and kin ; it is good, if unperverted,and is necessary while the temporary relationship exists. We see that there are various kinds of love, but at this time we will only contrast the higher, which is Divine, and leads to all that is pure and noble—to peace and happiness — with the lower, which is antipodal; and should be called inordinate lustful desire, for it leads to all that is low and degrading — to war and misery. The higher love makes no provision for the flesh, while the lower provides for nothing else. There is great confusion in society at the present time ; and many minds are bewildered by the commotion. There is a disintegrating power at work; monogamy is being superseded, in a degree, by polygamy and incest. Infanticide is practiced to an alarming extent, and foundling hospitals are crowded with the innocent offspring of guilty parents. It has been stated that there are thirty thousand female prostitutes in the city of New York at the present time. How many male prostitutes must there needs be to support those vile women ? They are not supported by vagrants ; for many of them dwell in splendid palaces, and live in luxury. Who, we would ask, are their supporters, if not men of wealth and station, who cover them- selves with a cloak of respectability, while their associates of the opposite sex, are marked and consigned to infamy and disgrace? But these ' respectable ' hypocrites—whited sepulchres— are the more dangerous to society, because their true character is unknown. It would occupy too large a space in our small sheet to notice all classes, from the lowest stratum of society up to the highest; who in desire and practice are one and the same, differing perhaps in degree, and name, and we shall be under the necessity of following Paul's example, of ' including all in unbelief.' We look upon all, from the perverted marriage institution, as it now exists, (which is a cloak for licentiousness) to Mormon- ism, Perfectionism, Free-lovism, down to the seducer and procuress with their poor captives, as adulterers and adulteresses in the sight of God ; all seeking to save the carnal life. And the reader will not think us too plain and severe, if we quote the words of Jesus, 'Who- soever looketh on a woman to lust after her, hath committed adultery with her already in his heart.' It is not our purpose to condemn any who are living up to their highest convictions of right and duty ; but to strive to ' show a more excellent way,' by pointing out the Christian life, as distinct from it all. We give place to the orderly seed-sewers on the plane where they belong, and honor them if they do their work honestly, and replenish the earth with healthy offspring. But we accord the highest place to the harvesting angels, whose mission is to reap souls from the generative plane and gather them into the resurrection Order, where marriage has no place, and the male and female live in virgin purity, and toil together to upbuild Christ's kingdom. ' All cannot receive this saying.' In other words, all persons are not prepared to enter into the angelic condition of life on the higher plane. But they who have heard the voice of the Spirit calling them to ' Come up higher,' are thankful to enter the school of Christ, and learn of the heavenly teachers, that he has sent, how to love unselfishly, and to do unto others as they would that others should do unto them ; and how to gain that perfect love which casteth out fear — that kind of fear in which there is torment. The prize to be obtained is worth the conflict. If we do not attain unto perfection in this life, we shall continue in the same work when we enter the spirit world, and complete the heaven there, that we have commenced here. We rejoice that woman is putting forth her efforts in the work of reform ; she has been the greatest sufferer in the sexual relations of life, and from intemperance ; and she will be the most diligent worker. Let her assert her freedom, the right to own and govern herself, and work her way steadily up to her proper position ; i.e., to stand side by side with man in framing and keeping the civil laws of the land, and be his true help-meet in all the duties of life ; and thus move step by step in the work of progression. Ruth Webster, Union Village, O.