THANKSGIVING At Pleasant Hill, Kentucky, Thursday, Nov. 25, 1873, the Shakers, as is their wont on such occasions, in all due respect to the powers that be, regarding them as ordained of God, for the protection of both the civil and religious departments, each in its appropriate sphere, assembled. Kindly invited, by the Elder of the congregation, I spoke; in substance, something as follows: Much beloved Brethren and Sisters, We are met here to-day in compliance with the Civil Department, through the instrumen tality of the Governor of the State. I hope and believe it will result in the fact, that it is good for us to be here. If ever I felt thankful for any favor, I feel thankful to-day, especially to-day, for the government under which we live — believing, as I sincerely do, from overwhelming evidence, that it is the way — the contemplated Highway, which the good Lord said should be cast up, accompanied by the Way of Holiness. The aforesaid two Ways were, according to the true letter and spirit of prophecy, introduced into the world simultaneously, at the proper time and age of the world, as a special act of the Divine providence and grace of God, for the true foundation of both the Civil and Sacred departments, and their eternal progress and prosperity. Now, permit me to express my surprise, to find a party of Americans, either native or adopted, under the auspices of this, the best government God ever gave to man, who are making strenuous efforts to place their sectarian God in the National Constitution. The Constitution, framed, under Divine Guidance, by our revered Revolutionary Fathers, for an 43 4:4 8HAKEE ^lND everlasting Bulwark of Human Liberty, both civil and sacred. Let every American, with a Soul in him, and her, unite as the heart of one man and woman, and stand up in support of our Magna Charta, and not suffer a faction to plunge us back to ages of oppression arid wrong, entailing abject depression upon coming generations. Let this favored land of Liberty be, for ever be an asylum for liberty-loving souls, for the oppressed of all nations — of all lands — until Earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea. Geo. B. Runion, Pleasant Hill, Ky.