CORRESPONDENCE Answer to a letter from an outside friend, who states that our best public men are dropping off tlie stage — that plundering the public by corrupt officials exceeds any thing ever experienced by the citizens of this Republic — that huge rascalities are coming to light every week; and that dull times prevail. Respected Friend: The public officials of to-day demonstrate that human nature (the lower nature in man) is the same now as in the past. Office holders in this country imitate, as far as they can, their cousins in England. There is Earl Derby, he is in office, and paid out of the public purse to sustain an order of things which enables him and his compeers to take the cream off the industries of the nation, every day. These men have been so long at such kind of work, that they have organized their robberies into order and respectability. In this country, stealing and lying about it, go on bravely; but are not yet respectable. Tweed is in the penitentiary. Now if we could contrive to send these dukes to the penitentiary too, how pleased I should be. I would not have anybody be at the trouble of keeping them in doors, in a costly building, and bringing victuals to them. I would leave them out doors on a ten acre farm. And seeing every- body desires to be Duke or Duchess, I would send them, to a ten acre penitentiary too. All being engaged to get a living, the Duke would not be able to coax anybody to work for him. Hence, he would have to dig his own drains, and grub out the scrubs for himself. And the Duchess might enjoy the poetic duty of milking her own cow, and stand a chance of being kicked over as well as anybody else. As regards the legislative wisdom in council assembled in Christian nations (so called), I am down on the whole of it. I would have no such gatherings; everlastingly doing something that does not and ought not to stay put. They breed corruption. Let every man stay at home, save mileage, and do the voting and talking by mail. Why not ? As far as personal behavior and public honesty are involved, the assembled legislative wisdom of Christendom is rather rude, windy withal, and rather devilish I venture to say, that the monkeys in the woods manage their affairs with more dignity than do our male Solomons. At all events, they never confound their own confusion, by creating panics that last more than an hour or two, and that cannot be healed over by a good night's rest in the trees. In the morning the monkey is right side up ; no soup kitchen in the midst of plenty ; no sending of their food out of their country (as in India) during a famine. Carlyle thinks, that a hundred years ago, matters in England were in a better condition than they now are. A London editor shows up the state of things about that time. Going back on the record does not improve the aspect. Some think there is more good on the earth now than at any former period. The indications are, that justice between nations and individuals will increase. But I have not time to wait till the animal emotional man has brought forth a civilization bearing only good fruit. A civilization based on divine human emotions is my choice. The result is, I am where peace, and something more than justice is the rule—-where dull times never come ; and where obedience to Hygienic Law will triumph over hereditary taints, and induced disease ; and where the power of sinless life ' will finish transgression, put an end to sin, and bring in everlasting righteousness '— a new creation. In the land of souls, states and conditions — the growth of our past lives— will be to us, as the case may be, heaven or hell. To heighten the joys of the former, by loving the neighbor at the expense of self; and to utterly extinguish the latter, by an application of the same Law, will be the employ of every good spirit. To ' Speak peace where discord reigns, Appease the flood; And for revenge, Persist in doing good.' Daniel Frazer, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.