PRAYER Prater is the breathing of the soul — its desires unfolding towards its Creator. At the approach of judgment or impending danger, those who fear God, involuntarily look to Him through the agency of prayer for deliverance. Why is this ? Because in the human mind is sown the knowledge of a Being, Supreme, whose power pervades immensity, and whose beneficence forgets not the least of creation. Thus, how instinctively the mind seeks its Creator. Those who love God seek to know him better, and there is no greater medium for this purpose than fervent prayer. In this state of mind the veil seems rent, and we are permitted to look beyond the limits of earth, into the ' holy of holies,' where the soul bows in penitence, seeking forgiving love, or weeps in silence its gratitude to God for his manifold mercies. How many instances are recorded of our Savior, when in the depths of his sufferings, he sought relief in prayer to the Father. In one of those seasons, we read, that there appeared unto him an angel from heaven, strengthening him. And being in an agony, he prayed more earnestly ; and his sweat was, as it were, great drops of blood. How deep and earnest must have been that prayer, made doubly fervent by his approaching trial and the knowledge of his dependence upon Divine power for support. He also taught his disciples, ' Pray that ye enter not into temptation,' because, the act of prayer concentrates the powers of the mind upon the subject of its desire ; thus guarding from present evils and drawing strength from other sources towards its accomplishment. How necessary then, to the Christian, is the spirit of prayer. As man communes with man, so may the soul commune with its God ; and the more constant and fervent the desires of the mind are, the nearer will be our relation to God, and the clearer our knowledge of Him. From whence come the strong resolves of the devotional hour ? From whence the new life-power, the assurance of victory, and the strong emotions of love and reverence for the Divine —inciting us to greater self-denial and watchfulness, greater trust and more elevated feelings — if not from the presence of the holy Spirit of God, more fully recognized through prayer? Let us bear in mind that God is not only Wisdom, but Love ; not only SH^lKER Father, but Mother. Here then let us bring all the burdens of the soul. As a child seeks the guidance of its kind parents, in whom it has perfect confidence, let us ask in faith to be led according to the wisdom of God; and, though we may walk in unknown paths, let us fear no evil; for God is with us, and He has promised to sustain all who obey and serve Him. Let us not forget the fact, that there are many agencies between our souls and the Supreme ; spirit friends, who are ministers of love, and messengers of truth, from the source of all love and truth ; bearing the gifts of consolation to the soul. We have long cherished this truth, because we have felt its power; and it is no less potent for passing through those agencies ; for God is Infinite and Omnipresent, in all, and tlirough all. Elizabeth Martin, Canterbury, N. H.