THEOLOGICAL TREASURY Confession—Repentance. Among the instructions given to the earlyChristians, none were more essential than that they should confess, and forsake their sins. This should not be overlooked by honest seekers after truth. To those who feel that they are whole, this medicine of the good physician is very distasteful, even to abhorrence; while such as have been trained in popular sectarian channels, will pronounce the confessional a supporter of a spiritual inquisition — a relic of barbarism. Be confession a Roman Sacrament, or not, is quite immaterial. Confession is a Christian dispensation, nevertheless ; and is, after conviction, the first step in Christian progress. We honor the Roman Church for retaining, even though imperfectly, this Godly ordinance. And while Protestants sneer at such humiliating procedure as the confession of sin, we would that God in his mercy, inaugurate something equally effective for the condemnation of sin, in Protestant Churches, the world over. True, these latter churches have protested against the wrong-doings of their Mother; and so zealous have they been in their protests, that the vices and virtues of the Mother have shared the common fate of denunciation by the Daughters; while the latter are wanting in some of her redeeming features. The Confessional was a Jewish establishment. John Baptist was a confessor. Among multitudes of Jews, who came to be baptised of John, in Jordan, was one Jestjs ; and as John baptised them — they confessing their sins — Jesus passed the same ordeal, with other Jews. As a good Jew, he had accustomed himself to do this, once a year. If Jesus, as Christian, was tempted in all points, yet without sin ; there is wanting evidence that he failed to fulfill his Jewish obligations in the confession of his physiological, or Jewish sins. Jesus taught his followers to confess, and repent of their sins. Did Jesus err, under either Jewish or Christian government, he confessed and repented of the same. Protestant Clergymen are realizing the fact, that some of the blackest crimes, commonly committed by their flocks, are almost unknown in Catholic folds. Some of them are noble enough to make public this admission, and attribute the greater protection to the Confessional. It is interesting, though not positively necessary, to allude to the consternation in Thos. K. Beecher's Church, when he recommended the practice of confession, as making a man feel nobler, by going to some confidential friend and confessing the wrongs of his heart. Confession of wrong is not only a reasonable requirement, but through this door of hope— the valley of Achor — individuals are enabled to pass to the higher condition of life — repentance — the forsaking of sins confessed. But confession may be made a mere churchal formality, which, without the necessary accompanying repentance, is like faith without works — dead. To souls burdened with Pilgrim's bundle of sins — with the knowledge that God requires confession to Him, witnessed by the most confidential friend, ere absolution can be obtained — confession becomes a balm for all their woes; while repentance reinstates them in justification. Confession was demanded in Hebrew times, but was not followed by Christian mercy. In Joshua's address to Achan, we have clear defi- nition of rational Jewish confession — ' My son, make confession unto God, and tell me what thou hast done. Hide not from me.' Confession is made to God — narration to the Elder. ' Whoso covereth — hideth — his sins shall not prosper.' He that confesseth and forsaketh shall have mercy.' Coming down to Apostolic times, we are counseled to confess oar faults, one to another : ' If we confess our sins, and forsake them, He is just to forgive our sins, and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.' ' They that believed, came and confessed and showed their deeds.' Under the baptism of the Pentecostal spirit the same fruits will be manifest. As a legal document, void of signature, so are the Nations and Sects who forget God by denying auricular confession. Mother Ann Lee's testimony revived the form and spirit of oral confession. As Jesus confessed to John, so did Ann confess to Jane Wardley. Thus Ann became the Mother of a New Order— a New Creation—wherein should be confession of sin — Males to Males — Females to Females — and wherein, as a consequence, should dwell exceeding righteousness. Said Mother Ann — 'I love the day I first received the Gospel — I call it my birthday — I felt such a sense of my sins, that I was willing to confess them before the whole world. I confessed my sins to my Elders, one by one, and repented of them in the same manner. When my Elders reproved me, I felt determined not to be reproved twice for the same thing, but to overcome the evil for myself.' Many were Mother's counsels concerning the definiteness of honest confession. The same testimony is maintained by her followers ; and their growth and spiritual prosperity are commensurate with their punctuality to the order of confession, and renunciation of their sins. Some one asked Mother — ' What is repent- ance ? ' Mother instantly replied — ' Leaving, forever, the sins we have confessed.' This, as an accompaniment to the definition of Truth, by Jesus, can hardly be excelled. To those who would experience thorough and eternal abandonment of error—who would have their sins go beforehand to judgment, and not follow after them to condemnation — we advise honest confession to God, and the narration to some bosom, or confidential friend. And let him, or her, understand that confession and repentance are the door to Shaker homes and heavens. To the sin-sick and heavy laden, the invitation is,' Seek and ye shall find — Knock and it shall be opened unto you.' Elder G. A. Lomas, Watervliet, N. Y.