SCATTERING CHIPS By J. M. Peebles It was a beautiful inspiration that led the apostle to write ' Not as though I had already attained, either were absolutely perfect.' (Phil, iii, 12.) So long as there is a consciousness of imperfection — so long as there is a willingness to confess — to forsake — and try again to ' overcome ;' there is hope — yea, certainty of a harvested soul. There is a marked distinction between Spiritism and Spiritualism. The first is a mere science — the demonstration of a future existence ! But Spiritualism in its broadest, divinest sense, spans every thing that is spiritual and holy. ' God is a Spirit '— and to be ' spiritually-minded is life.' Those only are spiritualists who believe in the ministry of angels and spirits, and make that belief not a philosophy only but a religion, a practical power in their lives. The fruit reveals the tree. Though there are ' many mansions ' in our Father and Mother's house — one door only leads into them — and that door is purity. The pure in heart alone have the promise of seeing God. Our good Quaker poet John G. Whittier is a celibate — a ' virgin unto the Lord.' That glorious picture-gallery of apostles, martyrs, celibates, that crown with gold the pages of history, is reflected and made immortal upon the jasper walls of the New Jerusalem. ' Resist temptation,' is a rational biblical command. Though the thread of magnetic sympathy, which the enchantress winds around her victim, is unseen, it often binds the individual so firmly that escape is next to impossible. Mind must govern the physical — soul conquer sense. ' I keep my body under,' writes the apostle, ' and bring it into subjection, lest by any means, when I have preached to others, I myself should be a castaway.' It is not philosophical to say — ' man has a spirit' — but rather, man is a spirit; and the ' death-rattle ' is the angel-signal for moving out, and up into the better mansion of immortality. Melchesidec, over the purple of the priesthood, was an individual baptized of Christ. Abraham recognized this at once : ' Wherever a real saint has lived, and worshiped, wherever a great seer has appeared, walking thousands of years before his time, and lifting the soul of generations into a higher civilization, there is an element of historic authority for Spiritualism. Spiritual philosophy is the living science of all time. Its priests are such souls as Pythagoras, Socrates and Plato ; Jesus, Swedenborg, and Ann Lee; * Copernicus. Kepler, Galileo, and Newton; Leibnitz, Descartes, and Laplace. These have been the ministers of an ever-advancing religion, whose ideas and discoveries have given names to certain epochs of thought. Members and chiefs in God's infinite spiritual republic are they, from whose souls whole civilizations have sprung. The historical authority behind Spiritualism is equal to that behind all the thou- sand and one theological sects of the whole world.' Modern Spiritualism is having much to do in the politics of the French nation. A late London Daily has this : ' M. Thiers a Spiritualist.— The Paris correspondent of the Echo of Aug. 28 says: —'M. de Lavedan, the Prefect of the Department of the Vienne, furnishes us with the following authentic details: —A few weeks ago M. Thiers did me the honor to inform me that he was occupied with a special work, independent of his other labors. ' I should be glad,' he exclaimed in atone of noble indignation, 'to confound materialism, which is a folly as well as a peril. There is a fine .book to be made on this subject, and I have as yet only written the half of it. Certainly I devote myself with my whole heart to the liberation of the territory and the reorganization of the country, but at times I cannot help regretting my peaceable and cherished studies. For twelve years I have been engaged in this work; during all that time I have been explor- ing botany, chemistry, and natural history for arguments against the detestable doctrine which leads honest people astray. I am a Spiritualist, an impassioned one; and I am anxious, I repeat, to confound materialism in the name of science and good sense.' As death is no savior, and as there are spirits mischievous, erring and fallible, John wisely said—' Beloved believe not every spirit but try the spirits.' Try them how ? by our judgment and the reasoning faculties that God has given us. ' Men shall judge angels.' * Jesus and Ann, through a Christ baptism, were annointed Mediators of a New Covenant.