TRIBUTE Ever Loved Eldress A.: I have often felt that I would be pleased to sliow my appreciation of our precious little paper, that I love so well, by offering a small tribute to its columns. I feel my inability to contribute any thing that will be worthy to occupy a place ; but I am eighty-two years of age to-day, and feel conscious that I am nearing the banks of that river which divides the earthly and super-mundane spheres, and cannot reasonably expect to remain on this side of the stream many years longer, and I wish to say to my friends, that I feel that my prolonged life has been a blessing to me. I am thankful that in early life I was brought to see and to sense, in a degree, the purity of angelic beings, and the work that was necessary for me to do to prepare myself to dwell with them in their pure and happy mansions. And to-day my soul is filled with thankfulness to our Father and Mother God, for their loving kindness in calling me into this purifying, soul-saving work, that I might become a perfected stone, squared and fitted to fill a place in that ' house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens.' Dear friends and Zion travellers, we have much to encourage us to pursue the heavenly journey, to be valiant and strong, knowing that every step we take brings us nearer to him who said (speaking to his brethren), ' Be of good cheer ; I have overcome the world.' We must all do the same work, be baptized as Jesus was baptized, bear the same cross of self-denial that he bore, to become his true followers ; and we must be resurrected into newness of life, if we would reign with him over the power of sin and death. I rejoice in the blessed gospel of salvation, through a full consecration of body, soul and mind to God. By living a pure angelic life while in time, the spirit is raised above earthly things; and I feel, at times, as if I was wafted on angels' wings to the abodes of the blest in the immortal land. I thank our Heavenly Father and Mother that I have lived to see the commencement of a glorious era, wherein the Sun of righteousness rules the day, and excludes the darkness of night, the sequence of sin. Now we hear the joyful sound ' Peace on earth, good will to all, who will do unto others as we would that others should do unto us.' Thus doing we become one with angels in heaven. Seventy-two years of my life have been spent in proving the power and efficacy of this work, and I am now prepared to recommend it as a sure and safe way to happiness in this life, and the best work of preparation for the life beyond. With a loving and prayerful spirit, I have written this, with my own hand, hoping it may encourage and comfort those who are seeking to find the path that will lead them home to God. Cassandana Brewster, W. Pittsficld, Mass.