CHANGE We live in an eventful time — a day of change. Science, Literature, Art and Theology, keep the elements in commotion ; and there is a perpetual turning and overturning. Each has its place, and is doing its work, with more or less interest and profit to humanity. While we cannot say much in favor of the mixed theologies, which prevail at the present time, we recognize a religious power and fervor which come from the hearts of the people, and which rise above the false dogmas and churchcreeds of our time; and are far superior to them. Religion is good, wherever it exists, and always does good. It possesses power, and its influence is felt in the suppression of wrong, whenever it is allowed a place to work. But where, among all the multifarious church organizations, shall we look for the embodiment of those principles, which constituted the first Pentecostal Church ? We find church-goers and mammon-worshipers in abundance; but practical cross-bearers and yoke-wearers—Jesus like, and like his Apostles, and followers whom he baptized with the fire of truth, and unselfish love — are rare examples. They were induced to lose their individuality, for the good of their brethren and sisters, in a new spiritual relation, in that kingdom which he was sent to inaugurate. The deep soul cry 'Lord, increase our faith ! ' and ' What shall we do that we may work the works of God and be saved from the sins of this adulterous age ? ' is seldom heard. Yet, we are convinced, that there are earnest struggling souls, who would willingly and thankfully lay their all upon the altar of truth, and pay the price for the pearl of salvation, if they knew how and where to find it. Many, at the present time, are looking for the millennium ; and a cry is heard, ' Watchmen, what of the night ? ' A response com- eth from the high watch-towers, ' The morning dawns— the sun is rising in brightness I' Again it is asked, ' How shall we distinguish the day of the Lord ? Unto what may it be likened?' The parable of the seed sower put forth by Jesus, exemplifies the true idea of the kingdom of God. Like the grain of mustard seed it is small in its beginning, but great in results. Not with outward observation, attended by great signs, and miracles, and pomp and show, may we look for the true millennium. But for a deep heart-work, accompanied by a spiritual power that will change the whole life and make new creatures of all its subjects. And, we testify, to those who may be inclined to hear, that ' Now has come salvation and strength, the kingdom of our God, and the power of his Christ.' And that a few havo found power, through the cross of self-denial to ' cast out the great accuser,' and rise above the sensual, selfish life, to a spiritual plane; where we have been enabled to form a brother and sisterhood, upon the broad basis of universal love. Paul in his day, asked, ' Why it should be thought a thing incredible that God should raise the dead ? ' And we ask, ' Why should our testimony be discredited? If any are doubtful, we say, let them come and practi- cally live the life ; then they will know of the doctrine, if they will do the works,' and be able to prove for themselves, whether we testify truly, when we say that Christ's king- dom is already commenced on earth. Elvah Leavenworth, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.