LANGUAGE We are pleasantly bearing in mind the voice of the Prophet, calling our attention to the beautiful future, when God shall return, to his people, a pure language — Zeph.-III-9. With what joy we anticipate that heavenly blessing — an Angel visitation of deeper spirituality — ' when the time of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord.' Indeed, they who have already tasted the good word of God, are even now, speaking to us in a language, understood only as we enter the resurrection order, and accept the life of Christ as our heavenly guide. We would ask, in prayer, its adoption, by all who turn their faces toward the City of Peace. It is recorded, that illuminated minds, in the Pentecostal Church, spake with tongues of fire that came down from Heaven. Should not those who have recently entered the Pentecostal Church, of the present day, seek to be inspired by the same consuming element, and by a baptism of speech from the same elevated sphere ? Why should we retain the language of the children of this world ? Why should we accept it, knowing, as we do, that its corrupting influence awakens only shame and contempt ? A reference to this subject seems highly necessary at this time, when there is so much license given to gross improprieties of speech, designated as ' slang phrases.' Added to this is the list of idle words, unkind words, vain words, silly words, angry words, revengeful words, that, in the world, are used, without regard to place or persons. This recklessness of language, like the plagues of Egypt, threatens to deluge the land. Would writers and speakers occupy the same time in speaking truthfully and affectionately, what immeasurable blessings would be the result. Our home, our beautiful gospel home, consecrated to God, should never be contaminated with the virus of the carnal mind, this blighting sin of the world. Were these objectionable features confined to the society of the vulgar and abandoned, whom we are obliged to meet in every city, town and village, it might seem to bear a cor- respondence to their lives. But we find them accepted and used, by those who stand as teachers in society. Oftimes, the man, who shudders to hear the voice of the blasphemer, does not hesitate to intersperse his conversation with slang, or licentious phrases. He, who uses the first form of speech, if heard, expects to be condemned; while one, who pours this undercurrent of filthiness into the minds of hearers, looks up to be approved. Upon all deviations from strict propriety —from moral rectitude — the disciples of Jesus Christ and Mother Ann should let their light shine, in serious protestation. Moses — in Leviticus, chapter V — taught his brethern, that if they even heard the voice of swearing, and did not report the case to the minister at the altar, they should stand equally guilty with the transgressor, and should bear the iniquity. Are we not equally negligent, if we fail to walk as carefully as did the children of Israel ? And in any wise not reprove our neighbor, suffering sin upon him, lest unpleasant lessons be impressed upon the minds of the young — lessons which may not become obliterated while in the journey through life. Should one be so careless as to mutilate a sentence, by the introduction of a profane, or vulgar word, it is certainly fastening a bad habit, one which may ultimately lead to serious consequences. It is equally as improper to force vulgar expressions upon hearers, or readers, as it is to oblige them to inhale expired breath. Ironical expressions are censurable and in many cases no better than falsehoods. Speak, carefully and distinctly, words worthy to be repeated, and we are safe in saying, there will be but few expressions of which to repent. Be as the Lord's servants, advocates of that pure language, which should have the first place among the followers of the Christ Spirit — the children of the Resurrection. Eld. Henry C. Blinn, Canterbury, N. H.