NATURE AND REVELATION It is related that the first Ambassadors of the English Government to the king of Siam, told him many strange things concerning their country, and among the rest, that the water of their rivers sometimes became so congealed by cold, that his elephants could walk upon their surface. To this he replied, that they had previously told him many things hard to believe, but now he knew they lied and he did not believe the rest of their stories. Did disbelief alter the facts, or prove any thing but the king's ignorance? Does the assertion that it is impossible for all mankind, in the final event, to become Christians or Shakers, either in this or the next world, have any better foundation than did the disbelief of the king ? Is it not assuming to know more than God has given nature wisdom to teach ? Is not the argument upon that side confined to negations, like those of the materialist, who disputes beyond the test of his physical senses ? Who, without the previous knowledge of the metamorphose, would prophesy a moth from a caterpillar, or even believe the change possible, without witnessing the fact? Who, without any previous knowledge of eggs, could tell, the first time they saw one, what it would produce under suitable conditions? Is not man frequently discovering new developments of facts, for which his previous experience affords no satisfactory clue to an explanation ? What does man know of the latent powers and faculties engermed in his own being, awaiting proper seasons and conditions to call them into activity and growth ? What can he know of what will be his state, after putting off the mortal form, except by revelation of a wisdom superior to any yet found in material nature, or by the physical senses ? And that Revealing Spirit which has proved itself superior to all the reasons and philosophy of man, by its power to control the destinies of nations, and direct the kingdom of the world, claims to emanate from the Creator, which none can dispute, while man's greatest wisdom is unable to scan the mystery of his own being — or to certainly ascertain whence, or why, he came, or whither he is going. Should not these plain facts teach us humility and dependence upon a wisdom and love superior to our own ? ' Come now, and let us reason together, saith the Lord.' When man approaches the subject of Deity, as a learner, and investigates his religious and spiritual nature by the light of Divine revelation, with the same care and diligence that he now investigates material nature and science, being careful to reduce his light to practice as fast as he obtains it, he will cease to obstruct the avenues of spiritual and religious knowledge by hastily deciding the truth or falsity of that which he does not comprehend. When he enters the realm to interrogate, consider and practice, his advance in true religious knowledge will be as rapid and marvelous, as has been his advance in science and useful art since he exchanged theorizing for the inductive methods. But man is born in a natural state which was designed to be a preparation for the spiritual and superior ; hence ' that is not first which is spiritual, but that which is natural, afterward that which is spiritual.' Nicodemus did not comprehend how a man could be born again, and. comparatively few know any thing about it now. Still, it is a fact known to have occurred with many individuals. And yet, of the many who barely suppose the thing possible, how few desire to understand any thing of its nature and character. We think we know, universal experience being the proof, that mortal death is sure to every living creature. This is a fair type of the death in Christ, of the earthly generative nature by which the sentient life principle of the soul, is liberated to mount higher, broader, into purer fields of light, to expand in blissful activities, free from the blight of sin and shame, wrought into the texture of its earthly covering by its own transgressions and those of its natural ancestors ; amid the discords of a previous transient, shadowy, end mole-eyed existence. What is possible for one in this respect will, soon or late, be possible for all. As none are exempt from physical death, so none will be exempt from death to the pleasures and satisfactions of the earthly, generative life. But according to the plan of human free agency, which God does not arbitrarily control, it is left to man's option, after being fully enlightened as to consequences, whether he will accept that life which is eternal, or cleave to the earthly and shadowy unto the second death, from which as yet we have received no certain knowledge of the issue. Hence the divinely inspired Teacher and Father of the New Creation says, ' He that loveth his (natural, generative) life shall lose it,' for it shall expire by natural limitation, according to the law of growth and decay, which inheres in all natural things — or by the limitations of Time and season, natural and spiritual, in the gradually unfolding plan of the world, of which men's earthly being forms a part; unless it be previously de- stroyed by the operation of the seed of ' Faith in Christ.' But ' He that hateth his life in this world, shall keep it unto life eternal,' receiving the latter in exchange as he puts the former off. For, as no man can receive a reward or permanent possession of happiness in himself, except by his own labor voluntarily performed, therefore, this first life is the price put in his hands, wherewith to purchase the next and superior one by toil and sacri- fice. Then, ' diligently agonize to enter in at the strait gate,' all ye who desire the privileges and immunities of the New and supernal Creation, which is not formed by a partial Deity for a specially favored few, irrespective of choice and works, but for every soul of Adam's race who is willing to earn it by paying the full price necessary to gain it. For now, the disabilities referred to by our Savior, in his first appearing, are being removed from every creature that hears and obeys his voice ; and are laid upon the body of sin, from which the soul is liberated by confession and repentance — and the daily cross — while the call proceeds from the Spirit and the Bride saying, ' Come, for all things are now ready' — ' Come whosoever will, and let him that heareth, say Come, and partake of the water of life freely.' Alonzo Hollister, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.