THE RELIGION NEEDED The religion needed is the only religion there is. But we need to have this religion applied. Science is well, but. the chief use of science is in its application to human wants. The chief business of the Minister of the Gospel is to apply it in the manner indicated below, by the Christian Times of August 2. The fearful developments since will suggest other applications: We want a religion that bears heavily not only on the ' exceeding sinfulness of sin,' but on the exceeding rascality of lying and stealing—a religion that banishes small measures from the counter, small baskets from stalls, pebbles from the cotton bags, clay from the paper, sand from sugar, chicory from coffee, alum from bread, and water from the milk cans. The religion that is to save the world will not put all the big strawberries at the top, and all little ones at the bottom. It will not make one-half pair of shoes of good leather, and the other half of poor leather, so that the first shall redound to the maker's credit, and the second to the cash. It will not put Jouvin's stamp on Jenkins' kid gloves, nor make Paris bonnets in the back room of a Boston milliner's shop ; nor let apiece of velvet, that professes to measure twelve yards, come to an untimely end in the tenth ; nor a spool of sewing silk, that vouches for twenty yards, be nipped in the bud at fourteen and a-half; nor all-wool delaines and all-linen handkerchiefs be amalgamated with clandestine cotton; nor coats made of old rags pressed together, be sold to the unsuspecting public for legal broadcloth. It does not put bricks at five dollars per thousand into chimneys it contracts to build of seven-dollar material; nor smuggle white pine into floors that have paid for hard pine ; nor leave yawning cracks In closets where boards ought to join; nor daub the ceilings that ought to be smoothly plastered; nor make window blinds with slats that oannot stand the wind, and paint that cannot stand the sun, and fastenings that maybe looked at, but are on no account to be touched. The religion that is going to sanctify the world pays its debts. It does not consider that forty cents returned for one hundred cents given, is not according to the Gospel though it may be according to law. It looks on a man who has failed in trade, and who continues to live in luxury, as a thief .—Ex. Will He Succeed? — In nine cases out of ten man's life will not be a success if he does not bear burdens in his childhood. If the fondness or the vanity of father or mother have kept him from hard work; if another always helped him out at the end of his row; if instead of taking his turn at pitching off, he stowed away all the time—in short, if what was light always fell to him, and what was heavy about the same work to some one else; if he has been permitted to shrink until shrinking has become a habit—unless a miracle has been wrought, his life will be a failure, and the blame will not be half so much his as that of weak, foolish parents. On the other hand, if a boy has been brought to do his part,neyer allowed to shrink from any legitimate responsibility, or to dodge work, whether or not it made his head ache, or soiled his hands, until bearing burdens becomes a matter of pride, the heavy end of the wood his choice — parents as they bid him good-bye may dismiss their fears. His life will not be a business failure. The elements of success are his, and at some time and in some way the world will recognize his capacity. Think before you speak, and think before whom you speak, think why you speak, and think what you speak.