A SIMPLE VISION While in deep thought discussing a grave subject, I seemed gradually and gently lifted mid clouds, fog and mist, in which for a moment I was enveloped. Suddenly the clouds parted and I emerged through the rift, when lo ! such a lovely panorama 11 Houses, farms, gardens, forests and shade trees, beautifully interspersed with lakes and meadows, opened to my view as I had never before conceived. The avenue through which I passed then closed. I remained seated on the billowy clouds, as they seemed to continue their undulatory motion, without disturbing my repose. The landscape before me was of the richest green, the buildings pure white. No dazzling brightness pained my sight. A soft mellow light pervaded the atmosphere as far as my vision extended, rendering it marvelously transparent, so that I could discern the remotest object. The nearest approach to any type of loveliness is the sweet, fragrant atmosphere, succeeding a short, refreshing shower in the balmy month of June, when earth is attired in her richest mantle of green; when every leaf and blade of grass glistens with the cooling rain drops, their tiny vessels have retained. So boundless the expanse I seemed lost in infinite space — my whole being absorbed in intense delight. While surveying the beautiful scene I was impressed that it was a view of Believers' possessions ; bat whether in this or the spirit world I could not tell. A crowd of thoughts rushed through my mind as follows : How deeply would I regret had I proved recreant to my faith — my high, sacred trust — and lost my place in the gospel work. I clasped my hands in joy and thank- fulness, that I had kept my integrity through the vicissitudes of my short life, while a tinge of sadness somewhat neutralized my joy as my many imperfections passed before me, causing every cross and trial endured to sink into comparative insignificance, in view of God's love and goodness to one so erring. Then, a deep shade of sorrow and regret for those who had fallen by the way, losing the inheritance reserved for such as end are to the end. On returning to consciousness of my surroundings I found only a few moments had elapsed, yet, they seemed expanded into hours, so much had I experienced in the interim. The day was bright, yet the very sunshine was murky from, the contrast so plainly realized. To those gifted ones, often blessed with beautiful visions of the better land, the momentary glimpse enjoyed by me will seem of little value. As a drop in the boundless ocean of God's love, through the multiplicity of avenues open for spiritual ministration, I hold it as a choice and precious gift, having been seldom privileged with so bright a ray from that beautiful shore — my spirit home. Or, perchance, the future of our Zion home on earth. Eldress Joanna J. Kaime, Canterbury, N. H.