THE WORSHIP OF MAMMON ' Ye cannot serve God and Mammon.' Matt. vi. 24. If it be granted — and who but the Atheist will deny it? — that eternity should be the theme of deepest study and most serious con- templation, and to do the will of God our constant and most earnest aim and endeavor, an end to which every thought and action should be subordinate; and further, if the definition be accepted, that religion is a living faith in a future spiritual existence, and a consequent present effort at preparation for that existence, then we shall get a view of the world sufficiently sad and sorrowful, for the millions of the earth, whatever profession they may make, are really and indeed without religion. Or, if (admitting a wider definition) it be conceded that a man's predominant passion, that which shapes and directs his life, and the code of morals which, spite of Sabbath day sentiment and canting hypocrisy, really regulates his intercourse with his fellow-man ; if these practically constitute his ' religion,' then the people of the earth, deadening their spiritual senses in a cold and dreary selfishness, are engaged — not in the service of God — but heart and soul in the worship of Mammon. In England, see how false pride and a selfish, narrow spirit of exclusiveness — the vile offspring of a vicious God-supplanting idol yclept ' Respectability ' — rear Impassable social barriers between the different classes of the community. What emotion there so strong as the love of caste and a contempt for those lower in the social scale ? A contempt by no means confined to the aristocrat, who with his long lineage and ' blue blood,' is naturally proud and haughty, but permeating the whole rotten system of British society. The professional man despises the retail trader. The diploma-dubbed doctor unmercifully snubs the pill and draught-dispensing druggist, and he in turn scorns the companionship of the butcher and baker. The goldsmith contemns the blacksmith and the blacksmith the tinker; and it is presumable that the very tinker is tinctured with this wide-spread idiotic mania and denies the social equality of some other brainless nonentity. In short, a contempt for those beneath them on the social ladder, and an envy-tempered reverence for those above them, is the strongest sentiment of British society, before which the truths of Christianity pale, as the fading stars before the Orient sun. Is a preparation for the life to come by curbing the animal propensities and developing the spiritual powers and perceptions, the leading characteristic of the French people! Is it not rather the indulgence in gross sensual pleasure — a stimulating dietary, an uncontrolled exercise of the sexual emotions, lewd and libidinous stage plays and feuilletons, lust awakening dress, dances and music, and all the wicked folly of the cafe chantant ? Or what does the more stolid Teuton prize above his huge tobacco pipe and his Rhein wein or lager bier ? How blithely roll forth the rich gutturals under this powerful but unholy inspiration ! Or the ' Sing-verein' and its roaring patriotism flashing, dashing and foaming over with enthusiastic love for the Fatherland and hatred of all its enemies ? What recks our Teuton of love of God and hatred of all unrighteousness ? Or does the Brazilian fazendeiro value most the gain and welfare of his immortal soul, or his coffee, and cotton plantations, and the chattels, in God's image, who till the rich Virgin soil, wait upon the person of their owner and minister to his lustful passions in return for the privilege of existence ? Or what is the chief concern — nay, the allabsorbing aim of the American people ? Not to live a Godly, righteous and sober life, but to amass wealth. An insatiable greed of gold resulting in tricky trading, legalized robbery, and custom sanctioned swindling, and a sel- fish strife of political parties for place, power and pelf, such is the ' religion ' of America. And so the wide world over, in lands Christian and civilized, as in Pagan and barbarian, do not human beings seem to lack all conception of the solemnity and meaning of existence, and utterly to ignore the great fact of human immortality ? Do they even aspire to riseGodward? Are they not'all worshiping mammon ? ' Where are thy joys O babbling earth? Whence does thy glory come? Hast thou the pearl of priceless worth? Art thou the pilgrim's home? In thee does Mammon reign supreme And seas of passion roll. In thee does pleasure's fickle dream Bring sorrow to the soul.' Happy the little songstress that could pen these verses — happy while yet an infant to have escaped from the turmoil of Babylon and found shelter within the walls of peaceful Zion. Thrice happy to have exchanged the life of self-indulgence for the life of selfdenial — for the service of God, the worship of Mammon! Hewson Brown, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.