THE SHAKER WOMAN'S RIGHTS There is much written and spoken in these days with regard to ' Woman's Rights,' though we do not remember to have seen any article treating upon this subject with the qualifying word Shaker prefixed to the title. We, therefore, propose to say something about a class of women who have already obtained their rights, and who, though among the humblest in a worldly point of view, are the only women, we believe, whose rights of body, soul and spirit, are truly respected. ' Ah ! ' says the reader, who glances at the title, ' A Shaker Woman's Rights ! In what do they consist 1 A woman of the Shaker Order, if I am rightly informed, is cloistered for years within the confines of a rural home, possessing, apparently, but little actual knowledge of the busy world without — its rights or its wrongs — and how is she able to appreciate the rights of woman ? ' Again, living in a communistic order, surrounded by diverse dispositions, one might suppose each individual would incline to cherish her own favorite views of happiness, seeking to secure her personal rights at the expense of others. Can she obtain these rights and the result be harmony ? With all due respect to jour mode of reasoning, dear reader, permit us to repeat that, notwithstanding we fully comprehend your views on this subject, we still claim that those to whom we especially allude are the only persons in the civilized world who have equal rights with their brothers in the daily strug- gles of an earthly career. Here let us state that it is by virtue of our loyalty to our God and to the covenant which we maintain, that we come into possession of all that truly ennobles, elevates and enfranchises woman. True, we are daily associated with various minds, where all strive to square their lives by the Saviour's Golden Rule. They are also bound to respect the rights of their sister companions ; and where many live according to the dictates of an enlightened conscience, mutual good feeling prevails and harmony is the rule. Do not think it a disadvantage, my friends, to be in daily sympathy with many kindred spirits, to be greeted by friendly countenances wherever your duty calls, and to feel a right to this pleasant association by living, yourself, mentally and morally independent of selfishness. Is not this state desirable above all others to the truly aspiring mind '? Our Shaker brothers, who have been impressed with singular views of their moral obligations toward God and their earthly companions, have also left all for Christ's sake and the gospel, and share with us the discipline of self-denial. These are among the best advocates of woman's rights, though their voices may never gain the popular ear by eloquent appeals for her independence. Yet the God-like influence exerted by our brothers, combined with their unselfish lives, is a power to aid us in living virtuously. It is thus that they help to secure, to their sisters, the inalienable rights of Virgins. We wish to be clearly understood that selfdenial is the first, the second, and the third requisite, by which one may attain to the position of a truly enfranchised woman. One must ' put Christ fully on,' before realizing the depth of love possessed, the height of joy experienced, and the moral grandeur and beauty of the lives of those persons, whose characters are molded by the universal law of love, by which the Shaker sisterhood is guided. Come then, kind reader, investigate, analyze and discuss the vitalizing principles of our communistic church, and see if the blessings of equality do not exist therein ; where all have the Right to think, act, and live according to their highest conceptions of divine light, and where each aspires to wear, as her chief ornament, the royal insignia of Virgin Purity. Ascnath C. Stickney, Canterbury, N. H.