INFLUENCE We throw off our magnetism all around us, carrying with us our own atmosphere. According to the condition of our minds, our influence imbues the house in which we live. Very sensitive persons can feel this quite distinctly. On entering a room, they know, by the impressions they receive, whether the persons, there living, are good or bad. A person being in the habit of going every day, at a certain hour, into a closet to pray, drew such heavenly influences around him, that the whole closet was filled with them; and others, on entering that little room, felt such divine sensations, that they dropped involuntarily on their knees, and prayed fervently. A virtuous man, not knowing what had transpired in a certain room, inhabited by vicious people, on entering, felt directly a very disgusting and oppressive feeling — a shudder of horror shook his whole frame. And why ? The magnetism of these wicked people was left in the room, and the virtuous man felt it. We cannot set our feet upon the ground, without leaving an impression, a part of our magnetism behind us. We must be very careful with whom we associate, because we are drawn into their magnetic atmosphere, and absorb their peculiarities. Many persons without knowing the cause, have adopted the habits of others, by exposing themselves carelessly to their magnetic influence. If two persons meet, both being very positive, there will be a harmonious blending of feeling. If one be positive and the other less so, he who has more magnetism will impart to the one less favored, till both are equal. But, if one is positive and the other negative, there will be a clashing. An antagonistic feeling will arise between them. This explains why, at the first meeting of some persons, they feel instantaneously drawn toward each other, or the reverse. Those who are of one mind, who are spiritually minded, of a refined and elevated culture, feel their souls flow together as drops of water. But those whose desires are of a more earthly nature, cannot find their happiness in the intimate fellowship of the pure-minded. Neither will the last-mentioned blend with the worldly-minded, but both seek the society of like-minded persons, each living in his or her own appropriate sphere. Our Creator has so constituted the human race, that they act and react upon each other, and are dependent upon each other for strength and support, both temporal and spiritual. We cannot come in contact with any one, but our emanations impart something to him or her, and we in return receive. Every silent thought, as well as the utterance of our thoughts, helps form our character. They work into our spiritual natures, and leave an enduring impression on our souls; and the influence is felt, sometimes years afterward. The Angels exert their influence over us, more than we are aware of; and if we would live more spiritual lives, we would be more able to commune with the blessed Angels, and the loved ones gone before, who are in close associations with us. Our spiritual eyes would be more opened, our inward senses more quickened, and we could behold the rapturous beauty and glory of the Spirit-land. We could better appreciate the benedictions, the tender watchful care and protection of our resurrection Spirit-Guides. Edwin Sevester, Groveland, N. Y.