HARMONY TnE word Harmony presents to the human mind a fitness of one thing with another, and bears the impress of congeniality and consistency. If God's creation had not been perverted, it would have been like a musical scale, differing in tone, and degree, but acting in concert; the natural in its place, the spiritual in its place; each doing its proper work, in its time and season, in perfect accord. Harmony would form a covert of peace and love; and would bid mankind lay aside all envy, and malice, caused by its opposite — inharmony — and take shelter under its gentle wings, and be at rest. It is sad indeed, to witness the effects of inharmonious relations existing in the human family at the present time ; to see how hatred, strife and revenge bear rule; and how often its subjects resort to violent measures to accomplish their evil designs; and that spirit, if indulged, knows no limit. Disobedience to law always produces inharmony. According to Bible history, the first parents of our race sowed the seed of discord which brought forth its fruit; and for which they lost their abode in paradise. The sin of disobedience has been more or less augmented and propagated by their descendants, down to the present time. The effect has been—suffering. The causes of inharmony have become so deeply rooted in the human heart that it is natural for every one, unless influenced by a higher law, to bring forth works that will cause dissension and division in the relations of life, instead of union — the cementing bond which harmonizes and blends in one. We all exert an influence for good or evil. Each act, word, or look, produces an effect. The founders of our institution realized this fact; and they set the example of crucifying the lusts of the flesh, and of the mind; and putting away the causes of inharmony. They destroyed the foundation principles in them- selves, which would divide soul from soul, and prevent them from gaining and enjoying heaven. They received a baptism of spiritual faith, that taught them to cultivate union, harmony and peace ; and which caused them to look forward, through hope, to a more glorious future. They were pioneers in the Gospel work ; and of necessity passed through a fiery ordeal. But their faith in God sustained them. Discord, is a reef, whereon many vessels have stranded, that were sailing on life's sea. But obedience to those principles which create harmony, will give all a safe passport to the haven of rest. Jane Weldon, Union Village, Ohio.