DUTY OF ELDERS Dear Elder Frederick W. Evans. — By a forward number of your May issue you ask that each society contribute ' one short wellwritten, well-condensed article for the S. &amp; S.' I propose to furnish ' one short' article. If the requisites of ' well-written, well-condensed,' should not be manifest, you are quite at liberty to consign it among your ' choice contributions.' What I may write may be of no particular interest to our own people, but may furnish some reflection, if not information, to outside readers of our little sheet. I often hear erroneous ideas set forth in regard to the government of our institutions, by our friends in outside society, and no class among us are more misjudged than Elders. To correct these wrong impressions will be the object of this article so far as it goes. What are the duties of a Shaker Elder? To answer this we will quote from our ' Con- stitution, article 4th, section 2nd,' Duties of Elders ' — As faithful watchmen upon the walls of Zion, it becomes the duty of the Elders to watch over their respective families, to instruct the members in their several duties, to counsel, encourage and admonish, exhort and reprove, as occasion may require ; to lead the worship, to be examples to the members, of obedience to the principles and orders of the Gospel, and to see that the orders, rules and regulations pertaining to their respective families are properly kept.' From the foregoing it might appear to the uninitiated that the Elders are empowered with, and do exercise at pleasure, arbitrary influence over the members of their respective families. But so far from this is it, that in truth they are the most self-sacrificing individuals in the fraternity, as we can make appear by letting the reader look behind the scene that shuts us from the view of common society. For a number of years the writer of this article had the honor of occupying as an Elder in a large family of about 100 persons, of both sexes, ranging in age from six years to ninety. There were four persons of us who constituted the Eldership, and, as is the case in all our government arrangements, the sisters were represented by two of their own sex and the brethren by two of their sex, and these four constituted what we call the Elders Order, and correspond to what is known in outside society as the parentage of the family. And although there are great powers to govern placed in their hands, it is used very seldom, and only in extreme cases, just as wise and loving parents would do in a wellregulated family. The secret of a Shaker Elder's influence to govern mainly consists in the amount of individual consecration and devotion with which he lives out the principles and teachings of Jesus the Saviour. The golden rule ' Do to others as ye would have others do to you,' must be kept continually before the mind. In fact he must be a living example of the Christ life, and a bright and shining light going before his brethren and sisters. And above all things he must live out in daily life the virgin continent life of his profession. Again, another very effectual way, that a Shaker Elder gains influence with his people, is by the amount of diligence and industry he practices in hand labor. Paul's rule on this point is fully believed in — ' If any work not, neither should he eat;' therefore, it is a precept with us, that a good man must be an industrious man; and this precept has been inculcated from the beginning or origin of our society. ' Hands to work and hearts to God,' was one of the maxims left by our truly wise Mother, Ann Lee, to her followers, and by them believed in to this day. It is a trite saying among our people that the Elder who can only say Go, to his brethren and sisters, seldom has the confidence or respect of his people ; while the Elder who addresses his people in the magic language of Come, brethren and sisters, let us pull together, and then places himself at the head of the undertaking, be it never so disagreeable to perform, seldom fails of having the love and confidence of his people. These are some of the secret silken cords that bind the Shaker order into a brotherhood and sisterhood, and these are the things that the dishonest and insincere are little disposed to counterfeit. Such an Elder is not obeyed because of his official position in society, but rather that he is loved. Sometimes people, in outside society, have said to me, ' If I could only be one of the head men among the Shakers I would be willing to be a Shaker.' The way is open into the kingdom and you may become a ' head man,' but first you must ' drink of the cup ' and be baptized with the baptism that will kill those ambitious feelings, and then you will occupy that place which by nature and grace you are qualified to fill. Elder W. Reynolds, Union Village, O.