SHAKERISM SCIENTIFIC ' In Christ, are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge.' If this be so, then is the cross of Christ scientific. And the Shaker, who, on a spiritual plane, lives a celibate life, is no less naturally normal than the truly married man, or woman, on the earthly plane, who, like the inferior animals, observes propagative laws, and abstains from all ' unfruitful works of darkness '— unfruitful sexual intercourse. When love has conceived, it brings forth life —like begetting like. When lust has conceived, it brings forth sin — is sin — and when sin is finished, it brings forth death. Disease is the forerunner of death. All loves — affections of the soul—¦ produce corresponding bodily secretions. It is therefore scientifically true, that they who sin, sin against their own bodies. Their soul-inordinate loves create diseased bodily secretions. The lust of Opium, Tobacco, Betel root, of alcoholic mixtures, produces thoughts, and those thoughts create secretions. It is the same of all loves, and of all lusts. ' Keep the heart with all diligence, for out of it are the issues of life '— and of death. Exactly so. ' Thou shalt love the Lord thy God, with all thy heart, might, mind and strength. Love the good and true — desire to do only right — to be in use, whether it be in eating, or drinking, or any other bodily function, perform it only in the love of God, and for the honor of humanity, which is the honor and glory of God. For in man and woman is the highest manifestation of Deity. That there is a God — Father and Mother — that there are intermediate orders of intelligences— male and female — who, by duration of existence, accumulated experience, extending back hundreds, thousands and millions of years and ages, is a glorious idea — a tremendous fact. The capacity to conceive it demonstrates its verity. Hunger — a demand for supply of earth elements to support physical life — is an appetite for food. The thought is of some particular kind of food. At once, the glands of the mouth secrete saliva; the glands of the stomach, gastric juice. ' Blessed are the pure in heart'— pure in thought — they see God — are like God — having no unhealthy, diseased secretions — ' God being in all their thoughts.' 'He that looketh — thinketh — on a woman, to lust after her, hath committed adultery already with her in his heart — by his secretions — the result of abnormal, ungodly, unscientific desires. Human love, or license, under the name and cover of marriage, does not, cannot change the nature of an act. It dops not transmute lust into love, wrong into right, nor uncleanness, lasciviousness, fornication, adultery, wantonness, into chastity. The legal marriage bed is too short, the covering too narrow. ' For though thou wash thee with nitre, and take unto thee much soap, thy sin is marked before me, and thine iniquity is not hid — may every true Shaker say, to all anti- Christian-married-people. They are not Jews, keeping the natural laws, nor are they Chris- tians, risen with Jesus, in the resurrection — where marriage hath an end. The cross of Christ is self-denial of all perverted appetites, disorderly affections, disease- producing, abnormal propensities. ' My loins are filled with a loathesome disease,' was the exclamation of the 'man after God's own heart'—the heart of the God of Israel. David was a Saint, in that dispensation. But he was a sinner in the next dispensation. ' David had not ascended into the heavens,' was the Christian testimony — not into the Christ heavens. He needed the gospel preached unto him. He needed the cross of Christ, against his own generative life, the root of his warring and fighting. He was a man of blood, and was not permitted to build the outward temple. Neither can marrying, generating, fighting Christians build the Spiritual Temple — a Pentecostal Church, or community of goods. Christian celibacy is, therefore, as scientifically normal to the natural man and woman, when they grow up to it, as is manhood and womanhood to the boy and girl. The Church and State governments of Christendom have legalized generative lust, in Priest and People. They have incorporated war into every constitution, civil and ecclesiastical. It is established by statute, and sanctified by the Priesthood. Yet the universal voice of instinct, in animate nature, is ' Thou shalt not kill' me. All war, is all murder. Moses could not separate generation from its lusts, and therefore he required a sin offering for each and every act of sexuality, as defilement, whether of the single or married. Jesus, by the cross of Christ, against his generative life, by living iipon vegetables, fruits and farinacea, escaped from bondage to the Mosaic Priesthood. Penal laws were made for transgressors. Jesus ceased to be transgressor, in diet, generation, or property. His last supper was of unleavened bread, of unbolted wheat, eaten with twelve celibates, in a community of goods. All their money was put into one bag, and that bag was carried by Judas. ' The covenant with death is now annulled,' and ' the agreement with hell ' can no longer stand before either the light of science, or the Gift of Revelation.