LOVE OF TRUTH The Holy Spirit must find access to the inmost feelings of the soul, in order to educate, instruct, and become the governing influence to bring forth deeds of righteousness, that will form a Christian character, thus casting evil out of the soul. Some imagine that God, or His Holy Presence, may be found in any place, and everywhere, because he fills immensity. But we have many evidences that God never intended that man should hide his transgressions from his fellow man, and he cannot hide from God who is everywhere present. And in this, the Fourth Dispensation, there are both male and female Confessors. The most hardened in transgression acknowledge some authority, and feel the need of some atonement at a distance; but a present Savior, or Redeemer, is what every one needs, to help them to cast off their old imperfections and to become new creatures. To do this, souls must come before human witnesses, and make an oral confession of every known sin, and transgression of the moral or religious, laws of their being. Many say, it is their choice to confess sin to God in secret, whom they fear and regard more than any man, or woman ; yet have not these same people more fear of a man, or woman, like themselves, than they have of the invisible presence of God ? Because when souls are confessing their sins, or praying to God in secret for remission, without any fear or dread, were they conscious that a person of like passions with themselves, especially a hater of sin, were within hearing, would they not be alarmed and filled with consternation, simply because the fear of the individual presence of man, or woman, is deeper in the heart than the fear of an unseen Deity ? If, then, it is infinitely more mortifying to confess sins with faith and honesty in the presence of a witness, than to confess them to God abstractly, it conclusively proves that this is the deepest work; and that evil is more effectually slain before a witness; and thus confession before God's appointed witness is the nearest possible approach to purification. This work is not a mere ceremony ; but it is a direct act of duty, to be continued throughout the process of redemption. It is a fixed principle ; and every soul walking in the light will love this essential obligation. It is clear to the wise and considerate, because it proves sure death to the generative life of nature, and gives complete victory over sin. Those who desire to know what they shall do to be saved from the power of evil, will be willing to make any sacrifice, that they may come into the light which will redeem them. Rhoda Blake, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.