WALKING WITH GOD The vision, of human conditions, to day, perceives man so far strayed from his Creator, that a portion of the race is seriously questioning the existence of a Supreme Being. Other millions, admitting the fact, are so blinded by transgression of the laws of God, that they are forming idol gods, imaginary deities, professing all the transitory and passional characteristics of degraded humanity. In fact, man has for ages been wandering in a sinful night of darkness, lost from God. But light is beaming forth from the throne of Truth; a portion of the race is being warmed into life by the rays of the sun of righteousness. Myriads of Angels from the Heavens are on pilgrimages of mercy and love to humanity, on the shores of time, to return lost man to a knowledge of, and union with, his Maker. Humanity is boldly toiling in a wondrous field of truth, From her palsied age recoiling, putting on immortal youth, Science, art, religion, peering, to the Soul's mysterious realms, Truth's blest mariners are nearing Heaven's port, with virtue's helm. The characteristic order, of creation itself, is a living testimony of the relation of man to his Maker. From the lowest grade of animate existence, manifesting instinct, to the highest intelligence, exhibiting philosophical powers of research into laws that underlie science, and art, still upward to supreme intention, there is a rising scale of being ; until it is anchored in God, the Supreme Intelligence. ' We cannot properly study science, and ignore God, who is at the beginning of it,' from the vast realms of space, occupied with innumerable worlds, obeying fixed laws of motion, to the delicate forms of the most tiny mite. '• But, to godly men, physical and metaphysical proofs of the existence of God, have no interest; they feel the Divine within themselves.' And, in all forms of intelligent existence there is a degree of intuitive knowledge ; the voice of the Creator, giving law to the creature ; talking with him. The crowning model of God's handiwork — man — has not only instinct, but intuitive knowledge, and reason, a susceptibility to spirit influence —the consciousness of ministrations of angels and spirits, not clothed in mortality. 5O SHAKER A.ND In his normal relations to universal creation, lie is sympathetically conscious of the laws that govern all inferior creation ; and sensible to the consequent happiness, attachable to all life, by moving in conformity to those laws ; or the misery, sufferable, by their infraction. All his senses could appreciate the presence of God, giving minute instruction in the ways and duties of life; saying, This plant, or its seed, is good for food, eat it; that is poisonous — a scavenger of the atmosphere, and the soil — touch it not; this fruit is wholesome ; that contains the bitterness of death. This knowledge is profitable, receive it, for out of it are the issues of life ; this is a sophism; taste it not; drink not at its Lethean pool. Thy senses were given thee for happiness, surfeit them not; and thy pleasures shall not end in pain. Bide the seasons of thy development ; creep till thou cans't walk; walk till thou cans't run ; and ape not the bird, in thy pursuit, but observe the laws of thy own being ; let thy pleasures be confined to use, and their usage shall not bring thee sorrow. Thus, in every lane of life, man, when perfect, walked with God. He gave him law in regard to the use of every pleasure, and the performance of every duty; and the law of God was the normal delight of the Edenic man, while living in submission and obedience to the Divine behest of his Creator. Man was the gladsome compeer of Angels and the laws of the Heavens were open continually to his enchanted vision. Man recognized God, as he recognized his fellow, and the love of God enshrouded him as a garment and magnetized his whole being with bliss. He had no need of creeds of faith in God; he believed in the possession of absolute conscious knowledge of his continual presence administering His will and law. Living in obedience to the Divine law of his existence, man would talk with God as a child would talk with its father and mother; receive his law through instinct, understand it with reason, perceive His purpose by intuition, love it through affection, and thus be guided in his every step of progress. Revelation of the laws of God was an afterthought, an adaptation to man's condition, when, by disobedience, he had lost sight of God's presence and his law. Returned to God by obedience to His laws, man will need no abnormal supernal visions to behold the laws of God and the movements of the Heavens. Eising from the material to the spiritual: from the sensual to the inspirational, God will be in him ; He will not speak to him from without, as in the thunderings from Sinai, but from within. Gushing from his own heart, will he hear his Heavenly Father's and Mother's will, as Jesus when perfected by suffering, lived in the bosom of God, by uninterrupted communication. Thus conditioned, in the Edenic state, man would not behold God as through telescopic vision — afar off; nor yet as through the dreamy land; but, in his fellow man, see Him stand erect, and hear Him speaking in the desires of his own heart. So lived Jesus, and this gave him authority to preach ; not creeds; but,' Follow me, and thou shalt have treasure in Heaven.' To the man redeemed from sin, and thus returned to Edenic union with his Creator, the foibles and follies of sinful humanity are as froth on the ocean's surf, the waves of life roll on and heed them not. Assurance of the triumph of righteousness possesses his soul; in calm confidence he sees the hand of God guiding humanity's bark to salvation and rest; dwelling in God's love, he has hope, robed in surety, shorn of fears of disappointment; spiritual life, an eternal well-spring of action, gushing forth from the eternal fountains ; and peace flows like a river as he recognizes, himself bosomed in God. Elder Giles Avery, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.