HARVEST FIELD On a certain occasion, when Jesus' Disciples were putting off the Spiritual Harvest-day, he rebuked and instructed them; for they were dull of comprehension. He said, ' Behold! Lift up your eyes and look on the fields — the villages and cities of Judea — for they are white, already, to harvest.' Ready for the willing and earnest reapers. ' Can ye not observe the signs of the times ? ' ' Ye can discern the face of the sky and of the earth. How is it that ye cannot discern this time ? ' Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter are divisions of time, well calculated to meet the natural wants of man. With these the Spiritual seasons harmonize. And he who, by the laws of correspondence, discovers these, and acts accordingly, will have reason to rejoice, when the Lord's '' summer is ended and the harvest time passed;' for he has worked with God. The great field of God's care is the whole world. In this his servants have been sowing and reaping, alternately, from the beginning. To-day, the same work is no less demanded. To-day, well might we catch the inspiration of Jesus, so potent to all who have accepted his life. Lift up your eyes! Behold the harvest field!! Are you waiting for other signs to come to pass, before you commence your work? Lift up your eyes and watch the course of the Angels of God, and go with them into the field. Reap while your day lasts. Now is the harvest time! Work !! From the past and present, we may, to a certain extent, be justified in anticipating the future. 'There may be a hundred thousand or a million of servants, working in the Lord's vineyard. They are shaking the old heavens and earth, from center to circumference, causing their very foundations to pass away, with much noise and battles of shaking. What a victory for the right was the gift of freedom, to the millions of slaves, in America, and of serfs, in Russia. No less important was the freedom of religious thought in Spain and Italy. God's care is over all advanced minds, who are earnestly toiling to elevate their fellowmen, and women, from moral and physical degradation. Over those, enlisted in the cause of temperance, leaving their homes of afflu- ence, and taking the responsibility to act in the name of the Lord, through prayer. Over the great body of Iconoclasts, who are sweeping so rapidly over the earth, and preparing 8HAKERESS, 51 the way for other minds, whom God has raised up, to manifest his spirit for the redemption of the world. All belong to the armies of the Lord. Each division has its duty assigned, and will reap a blessing, corresponding with his and her faithfulness in the work. If we — Shakers — were alone in the contest, how trifling would he all that we might accomplish. May we, in the gift of our high calling, lift up our eyes and behold the manifestation of the spirit of power, which is abundantly illuminating the earth. Indeed, Shakers are in the land, as the stars of heaven for multitude —' of all nations, kindreds, tongues and people.' Development is the law, from sphere to sphere. All goodness emanated from God, and every order of workmen must pass up the ascending grade of goodness, which finally culminates in the spirit of union and love. Elder H. C. Blinn, Canterbury, N. H.