SHAKERESS: HONESTY AND CONTINENCE A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS Honesty and Continence are the king and queen Principles. Through fidelity to those principles, martyrs have been crowned with victory. Cold, cheerless prisons have been made to smile with gladness, when God's noblemen and women, through inspired hope, and with the approval of Angels, have pledged their all, even life itself, rather, than through fear of sufferings of the body, to sacrifice conscience — the law that Deity has placed in the human soul, for its guidance—¦ which, if honestly adhered to, is superior to any law that men can form. Many monarchs have swayed the sceptre of power, and gained eclat from mortals, whose names have come down to posterity through shining pages of history, written by men; but, when those records appear as written by Angels, who see, and judge differently from men,they will illy compare wiblithe records of many individuals, in more humble capacities who so loved truth, that they would not sell their Continence and Honesty, through sin- ister motives, nor in seeking vain glory. But the strong love of virtue, and force of con- science, caused them to approach the stake and its devouring flames with heroic fortitude, and face the rack with its tortures, and venemous reptiles, and ferocious beasts, without fear. Neither could the syren chants, that sought to allure to pleasure, and open up a flowery path before them, induce them to swerve from their integrity, and throw themselves into a caldron of unholy love. Nor, to rest upon hopes that were vain and worthless. They saw that goodness and truth, maintained through honesty of purpose, were all that could be relied upon ; and without which, the soul would be like a garden where flowers had ceased to bloom,— the rose-leaf had withered, and naught but dry and thorny stalks remained. Honest men and women are always alive to increasing truth ; and are found traveling the highway of spiritual progression. Such persons never wrap themselves in a garment woven of selfish, individual ideas, nor take a seat in some easy chair, at the expense of others ; vainly trusting in the attainments, or in the goodness, of any human being. Neither will they bound their faith, nor limit their sacrifices by time-honored persons or customs. Honesty will lead every intelligent being to seek to know what God requires of them; what to do, and what to suffer for the advancement of true principles. Intellectual culture may lead to honor and renown, in the eyes of the finite; but goodness and continence are of far greater worth in the sight of the Infinite. Without those principles in operation, there would be no salt in the earth — no balancing power, to keep the nations of the earth from dashing one against another like the wild waves of the great ocean. As society now exists, land-sharks are quite as numerous, and are as ready to devour those who have less teeth than themselves, as sharks that float in the waters, and live upon smaller fishes. We often hear the remark, that it is seemingly an impossibility for an honest man, or woman, to keep from starving at the present time. That all trade, aa now conducted, is based o\\ fraud. ' Double dealing ' is its true name and character ; and it is guarded, and guided by false and lying spirits, here in this professedly Christian nation ! Could we not take some profitable lessons from Mohammedans in this respect ? A Platonic philosopher once said, ' Why persuade me to embrace this new religion ? I have been cheated by Christians; but 1 never defrauded any man. A Christian has broken his oath to me; but 1 never violated my simple word to any man.' That honest philosopher would not have feared to look any man, woman, or child in the face, as far as honesty was concerned. Dishonesty, if allowed between man and man, will lead to dishonesty between the soul and God. There is no fraud in God's creation (when un- perverted), from the least atom, to the most majestic mountain ; all are subject to laws within their own sphere ; and the same hand that guides the destinies of nations, feeds the ravens, and clothes the lilies. And the same sun that gilds the mountain tops, sends its rays to cheer and vivify the valleys below. The trees are not at variance with each other; if some reach a higher altitude than others, it is through a normal growth, and not through strife; and the loftiest and most vigorous trees shelter and protect the smaller ones from the rude storms, as naturally as the mother protects her infant child. If there be abstraction from, or blight upon, any of God's creation, it has come through man's influence. When man was placed as lord and ruler over the lower orders of creation, the forces of nature were young, and immature; but they were not corrupt; and they possessed latent powers, capable of development and growth into strength and beauty. And, as the ages roll on, God's work will be accomplished, and his plans will be perfected. The great book of life, which contains the history of nations, and empires, is stored in the archives of the unseen world,— ever open to the inspection of those Angels who hold the scales of mercy and j ustice in their hands — ready to give to all a just recompense; not a farthing more nor less. It has been said truly, that ' an honest man is the noblest work of God.' And we add : A virtuous, continent woman, is the glory of an honest man,— the joy of Angels,— and will be blest and honored by the Mother in Deity. The heavens are open to receive such souls ; but the hells are not strong enough to hold them ! Purity of heart is the soil, and Honesty is the central plant in the garden of the soul, around which all other virtues cluster. In- dustry and Innocence (her handmaid) hold sweet communion together, as they wend their way to the city of Light and Love. Rev. Thomas K. Beechbb, brother of Henry Ward Beecher, has created no little stir among the Congregational brethren in New York by an elaborate essay in one of the leading religious weeklies, in justification and advocacy of auricular confession. A few years ago the Congregationalists were afraid this reverend gentleman was going to turn Episcopalian. Now, they are a little apprehensive that he is going beyond ritualism even, if not to Catholicism itself. Among other things of the same kind, Mr. Beecher says : ' If it were the habit of a man to go to some reverend and trusted man of God once in two months and unbosom himself truthfully, can any sane man doubt that he would receive a benefit? * * * Penitence of sins is usually much deepened when a fellow man knows of it.' Ex.