TESTIMONY ' They overcame him by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony.' Kev. xii., The founders of our several societies lived in a slanderous age. Orthodoxy was rampant. It held that belief, not works, was the one thing needful. That a wrong article of faith might consign a human soul to everlasting broiling, in the eternal world. That lies, told by the saints, about heretics and infidels, were acceptable to a God of truth and justice. ' The Dragon poured, out of his mouth, a flood to carry away the woman'—Ann Lee ' and the remnant of her seed ' — the Shakers. The priests and people, whom they used as their tools, were the most unrelenting enemies of the early Shakers. Falsehood was their cannon — lies, their ammunition. It took fifty years to establish, in the public mind, what is now admitted — to wit, that Shakers do live as they profess — pure, celibate or virgin lives. The Life of Christ is the Blood of Christ. They who do not wish so to live, go out from among us, because they are not of us. The black sheep do not remain in the fold. The time is coming, and now is, ' when the accuser of the Brethren and Sisters, is cast down, which accused them before our God day and night. They overcame him — the tongue of slander, by the blood — life of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony.' No testimony is having more weight and influence, at the present time, than what is communicated, monthly, by and through the columns of the Shaker and Shakeress, which is read with increasing interest, by many in Northern Ohio. One man said he felt amply paid for his subscription, by reading those two messages from Edwin M. Stanton, late Secretary of War, given through a reliable medium of Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. He believed every word of them, and wished they might be copied and republished in every Spiritual and Secular paper in the United States. They were copied, verbatim, into the R. P. Journal, in Chicago, 111., and some other papers. Such communications will have weight in the minds of all candid people. We have also seen articles published in Melbourne, Australia, copied from the Shaker and Shakeress. Thus, our little Missionary is doing a work—bearing a testimony, as a witness for the truth, unto all nations. But this can never supersede the necessity of a verbal testimony, by living witnesses, at home and abroad. They, who live the life of Christ, can bear a testimony, that none others can, against the ' social evil,' and all other evils which afflict human society, and it becomes their duty to do it. James S. Prescott, North Union, Ohio