Dear Eldress A.: In a recent Number of the ' Shaker and Shakeress, I read some remarks made by the ' Travailing Daughters of New York.' ' And I was strongly impressed with the importance of Woman's sphere and duty; and that she should clearly understand her mission, and not run as uncertain, nor fight as those who beat the air. Woman, through ignorance and false educa- tion, has been a medium of unholy loves and vain hopes to man, and has ministered to his sensual desires and appetites, by seeking to be to him an object of pleasure, rather than a minister of principle, arid a preserver of integrity. Now, a neAv Era is dawning. Divine light is breaking forth, dispelling the dark clouds which ignorance, superstition, and sinful practices have formed ; and its piercing rays have entered woman's soul — vivified her conscience — and she is found praying. Now with strong cries she is heard to say — ' Lord, what shall / do to be saved ? ' and what can I do to save my brother from ruin ? The answer to that prayer will be, Let Woman come forth, and through toil and a self-sacrificing spirit, act well her part in raising the standard of moral purity higher than it has ever been raised before, and become an example to her own sex, in regard to dress and wasteful expenditure in every department of life. Then, she will shed a saving influence, and be a bright example of virtue and integrity. And in thus doing, she will speed the day when men and women will act in concert together in all the duties of life, and be found side by side in the Council Halls of the nation as mutual guides and helps to each other. In ethics, in religion, and in civil government, the voice of Woman will be heard,and by her quick intuitive perception of right, and her inspirational emotions springing from the love element of her nature, she will be as a cloud of glory overshadowing man in his arduous labors ; and her counsel will be sweet solace, and will help to solve many dark problems, and dispose of intricate subjects, and disrobe malice and envy of their power. C. Van Houten, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.