REFORMATION I LOOKED upon society and wept, 'because of the flood of sensuality and crime deluging the earth! Then, through faith in immortality, hope sprang up within me. I looked again ; and lo ! I saw the thick darkness that had so long enveloped the earth begin to pass away before the sunlight of millennial day. Intemperance, of every kind, creates darkness. Intemperance in eating and drinking destroys physical health — demoralizing individuals and nations. In streets and lanes of great cities, where wantonness is most rife, groggeries abound. Intemperance has draped the land in mourning; and we rejoice in the present movement for its suppression. Our prayer is, that it be not only rebuked but abolished! This great work effected, the way will be open for practical reformation in other things. One wave of truth will be followed by others in the work of human progress. Let us bless even the shadow that precedes the substance. The things pertaining to this life, if temperately used, are blessings. The reverse, when used beyond the actual needs of physical sustenance. Plain, simple diet is far more healthful to the body than highly concentrated food with condiments and viands of the most delicate kinds. The former, as it gives health physically, is also conducive to sound, healthy mind—keeps it calm and collected—and gives good moral tone to the whole being. The latter engenders disease, and enfeebles both body and mind. Many times children inherit diseases, desires and appetites of their parents ; thus the effect of wrong-doing descends from generation to generation. Intemperance is not a new evil. The Israelites, in olden time, ate and drank, and rose up to play (commit fornication). They ate and drank for pleasure — not use — therein they sinned — were self-corrupters. Children in this day are precocious — they reach beyond the childhood state at an early age — and show unnatural development of intellect, and of the passional nature. They crave the indulgence of animal appetites; they taste, and are not satisfied; but cry, give, give, and the more they have, the more they want. And thus they fever body and brain, often resulting in premature death; and many opening rosebuds are crushed before fully blossoming into life. What a pity that the vital energies should be thus wasted in self- gratification. A century has now passed by, since a band of listening souls heard a voice, saying, ' Cast off'the garments of sin—wash in the river of judgment — renounce all carnal indulgences, and be temperate in all things.' That voice came from the interior spiritual heavens, and taught that there was more to be done. The ax of truth must be applied to the root — the very nature whence sin proceeds. As we have listened to sad experiences of disappointed, heart-broken mothers and children, who have been made wretched by the power of intoxicating drink, we have looked for the helper; knowing, that when the proper time arrived, Woman would have a part to perform. Now, that Woman begins to awaken to duty — is finding her proper sphere of action, and putting forth her energies in the right direc- tion— there is hope. 'We see many noble workers of our sex, bending their knees and bowing their souls in prayer to God, asking in deep tones — not vengeance, but mercy for the inebriate. We, in our interior Zion home, also bow and supplicate our Heavenly Father and Mother to bless the work, and aid the toilers in the field of temperance reform. Charlotte Byrdsall, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.