WOMAN'S SPHERE We hear a great deal about woman's sphere as though there was but one calling in which woman could move without robbing herself of feminine accomplishments. There are many occupations in which women labor with advantage to themselves and others. Are these women in their element? Do they not know their sphere as well as men ? Must all educated, intelligent women perform household service, to be crowned with the plaudit: ' She has labored in her sphere ' ? In barbarous nations women are used as beasts of burden, having no association with their lords and masters except for sensual indulgence. Are those women in their sphere ? And among other nations, more civilized, females are articles of merchandise. Are they in their sphere on the auction block ? What of our America — our own free, noble and would-be-liberal republic? Civilization has taken as deep a hold here as in any country on the globe. Yet, woman is a slave. An unpleasant declaration, but true. Cradled in folly, dandled on the knee of fashion, taught to esteem personal charms above moral excellence, how can she be otherwise ? In the marriage relation, when woman has not the control of her own person, is subject to legalized outrage, without any regard to nature's laws or physical ability — is she in her sphere ? What of the poor sewing girls in our large cities, who work eighteen hours of twentyfour for a mere pittance on which they can scarcely subsist, frequently compelled to sell their chastity to live — are they in their sphere ? Why should the sphere of woman be limited more than the sphere of man ? A law compelling all men to be farmers would seem bad legislation. Do not women make as good lecturers, writers, teachers, as men ? Why could they not make as good lawyers, senators and presidents ? Against woman suffrage we have the argument— 'It would tend to the neglect of domestic duties.' Would the number of women detained from the polls by domestic cares exceed the number of men who are absent from sheer indifference ? What shall be done with the surplus women? They cannot all be wives and mothers unless polygamy be adopted. Another argument is: 'The majority of women do not want to vote.' Is that any reason why those who do should be disfranchised ? Woman's sphere, as well as man's, should be working in humanity's cause, each bearing part in public service. Thank God there are noble-hearted men and women who dare be independent, who brave public opinion, who protest against the vices of the age, and devote their powers to reform and elevate the down-trodden. May their numbers increase, and may God bless their labors, and may all the people say Amen. Rosie Morse, Shirley, Mass.