NATIONAL SINS The constant use of superfine flour bread by the American people, is a prolific source of trouble in the flesh, and also in the bones, of the American nation. Its immediate effect is clogging the system with effete matter, through the constipation of the bowels. Its remote effects are legion. Children raised upon it exclusively can never come to much, as doers of good works, though they may expend inherited energy; for it takes a few generations to waste the physical powers of a healthy ancestry. This, the real genuine Yankees are rapidly doing, and becoming extinct. They have ignored hygiene and physiology, to make paper money, and themselves are liable to perish with that money. Dyspepsia is their father, debility their mother, and their brethren and sisters are colds, fevers and unmentionable maladies calling for incomprehensible doctors and mysterious remedies. Give' children and youth bone-making material — bran-bread, milk and oat meal, with plenty of good vegetables and abundance of fruits. They will prefer to play with the lambs rather than to eat them. Digestion is necessary to individual existence, yet it wears out the stomach and ends in death. Progress is equally necessary to the existence of an organization, but it is also destructive of old things. Better is a dinner of herbs with love and peace, than a stalled ox, and contention therewith; because love helps digestion, while cold indifference benumbs the whole digestive machinery. Our forefathers and mothers fought the lusts of generation, while laboring under the disadvantage of physiological lusts, from which we are, in good part, released. If they traveled twenty miles an hour, it was by an expenditure of skill and labor we may not equal. We can go sixty miles an hour — three times as fast. Are we their superiors in either case ? Our spiritual ancestors used food and drinks that stimulated the reproductive powers. Unless we avoid such food and drinks, we shall not take up our crosses as successfully as they did. No one calls in question the fact that certain drinks affect the mental and spiritual status of those who use them. Why should it then be thought incredible that certain kinds of food do also affect the mental and spiritual status of men and women ? Dr. Whitlaw declares that all the prohibited articles of diet, under Moses, produced in those who used them, un physiological conditions, tending to immorality, and to an unspiritual frame of mind, unhealthy to the soul, no less than to the body, and that this is the scientific law upon which ' the law' rested. The Jews received the command. We are beginning to discover the science — the reason of the command.