COUNSEL FOR YOUTHS THOUGHTS. Beloved Youth in Zion. If you keep your thoughts pure, and bring them into com- plete subjection to the obedience of Christ, then your life will be blameless. The in- dulgence of sinful thoughts and desires produces sinful actions. ' When lust hath conceived it bringeth forth sin.' James 1st. 15th. The pleasurable contemplation of a sinful deed is often followed by its commission. Never permit yourselves to pause and consider the pleasure or profit you might derive from this or that sin, but close your minds against the evil suggestion at once, as you would lock and bolt your doors against rob- bers. If our parents had not stood parleying with temptation and admiring the forbidden fruit, this earth might be a paradise. No one becomes a depraved and abandoned character all at once. The mind first becomes corrupted. The wicked suggestion is indulged and revolved in the thoughts, until it loses its hideous appearance, and the anticipated gain, or pleasure, seems to outweigh the evils of the transgression. Your vain imaginations are apt to paint sensual pleasures in gay and dazzling colors. Beware! It is the serpent's charm! Look not upon the picture, neither allow the tempter to gain a lodgment in your hearts. Meet the enemy at the threshold and expel evil from your minds. Destroy it, or it will destroy you ! As a rule, the more familiar you become with sin, the less hateful it appears. Therefore the more completely you preserve your minds from sinful thoughts, the better. Never permit yourselves to read any thing unchaste, or immoral ; nor allow your minds to become familiar with the details of crime ; but direct your thoughts toward pure and holy subjects. Contemplate the spotless characters of our Saviours — Jesus and Mother — and their successors; who have bequeathed to you a rich inheritance of holy precepts and examples ; and walk in their footsteps ; so shall your lives be virtuous and happy. Take care of your thoughts, and your actions will take care of themselves. Daniel Orcutt, Enfield, Ct.