TELLING EXPERIENCE Beloved Editors : In perusing your precious little paper, I came to the piece —' All these things shall be added unto you.' I read it with astonishment and deep interest. It led me to reflection. Upon reviewing my life, for the last fifty years, I can, with humble gratitude to God, truly say, that, notwithstanding my many short-comings, it has been a practical demonstration of the truth of that scripture. I was born in England, of poor, but Godfearing parents. Was put to work at seven years of age. No education, except what a Sabbath-school afforded. There I learned to love, read and study the sacred scriptures. I had faith in God. That led me to face a frowning world, by a religious profession, when only fifteen years of age. My motto was, ' Seek ye first the Kingdom of Heaven and its Righteousness, and all these things shall be added unto you.' I was encouraged by the glorious example of many spiritual heroes, in scripture records. I passed through many trials and persecutions. I followed on to know the Lord, whom I was seeking, early in life. I had the means of saving a little money, to give me a start in life. In my twelfth year, my natural mother died. Life has passed roughly with me since that event. Now, I am thankful that I have found a Heavenly Mother who loves me as her son. When, in a far country I received indefinite tidings, that in America, there was a second, and brighter manifestation of Christ, than that which occurred in Jewry 1800 years ago, I felt that it was the call of God, to my soul. Then came a test of my faith, of a practical character. I had not the means of transportation thither. Here was a problem to be solved. Having lived in two excellent families, some eight years previous to my marriage, I went and laid the matter before them. They had religious union with my desired search for the Kingdom of Heaven upon Earth, and freely gave me eleven sovereigns, over $50 —, and sent me more, after my arrival in America. It came just when I was sick in body, and grieved in spirit, at the loss of a little boy, two and a half years old. Then I visited the Shakers at Watervliet, Montgomery county, Ohio. This visit, after coming so far to make it, I had dreaded and deferred, fearing I might be deluded, as I had no definite reliable knowledge of their faith, nor of the lives it produced. My Visit.— In a few days I began to receive internal evidence that I had, in fact, found the ' Kingdom come,' for which I had been so long praying. I had also occular demonstration — not ' in deep sleep and in the visions of the night,' but when wide awake. I was powerfully shaken, while in bed, and heard a voice, saying — 'This is what you asked in prayer. If you can accept it, upon my terms, well. If not, that is the end of all your praying.' I arose, and on my knees, promised God, and covenanted with myself, to be ' strictly obedient to the Heavenly vision.' Next morning, I went to the Elders and con- fessed to God, my sins. I was blest — never before did the Sun shine so brightly, as on that, to me, joyful morning. The whole creation looked beautiful. Nor was my rejoicing evanescent. To this day, ' my cup of salvation—of blessing—runneth over. Blessed be the Lord; for he hath heard the voice of my supplication. I have been helped. Save, O Lord, thine inheritance. Rule and Exalt it forever.' My conclusion is, that simple obedience to God's requirements insures the actual fulfillment of his engagements, and we have the happy experience, that by this Second Gospel testimony, the ax is laid at the root of the tree of evil, which causes all of human woe. Nothing short of a deep sense of duty to God, and obligation to my fellow creatures, could induce me to make this public confession of faith. I am thankful for a resting place. ' Thou shalt not see a fierce people, a people of a deeper speech than thou cans't perceive ; of stammering tongue, that thou cans't not understand.' 'Look upon Zion, the city of our solemnities ; thine eyes shall see Jeru- salem, a quiet habitation.' — Isa. 33.18. But I congratulate you on the mountain. ' In the last days, the mountain of the Lord's house shall be established on the top of the mountain — exalted above the hills. Many people shall say, Let us go up to the mountain of the Lord — to the House of the God of Jacob, and He will teach us of His ways, and we will walk in His paths ; for out of Zion shall go forth the Law, and the word of the Lord, from Jerusalem.' Isa. 22. I have sent the Shaker and Shakeress to the families I lived with, in England, and hope they will be as noble as the ancient Bereans who ' daily searched the scriptures, to see whether these things were so, or not so.' But, if in this life they reject my testimony, when they enter the Spirit world, and ' their souls waik in dry places,' I hope it may prove to be a seed ; and that then they will lay hold of eternal life — that they may understand the scriptures, when they say (Ezekiel, 22, 24): ' Thus saith the Lord God ; I myself will take of the marrow of the high cedar, and will set it; I will crop off a tender twig from the top of the branches thereof, and I will plant it on a mountain, high and eminent. On the high mountains of Israel will I plant it, and it shall shoot forth into brandies, and shall bear fruit; and it shall become a great cedar, and all birds shall dwell under it; and every fowl shall make its nest under the shadow of the branches thereof. And all the trees of the country shall know, that I, the Lord, have brought down the high tree, and exalted the low tree ; and have dried up the green tree, and have caused the dry tree to nourish. I the Lord have spoken and done it. And more are the children of the barren — Shaker celibate Ann Lee — than of the married, wife, saith the Lord.' One of those children, F. Vann, Watervliet, O.