ANCIENT IRELAND Irish law threw a shield around the woman's weakness. It never robbed her of her property and self-respect under pretense of making her more completely one with her husband. Such was the Celtic sense of equality. The property she brought to her husband in marriage remained her own, and could not be disposed of without her permission. How different the spirit of this provision from that of the law which makes a woman little less than a chattel, and magnanimously makes her husband her lord aud master, and, it might be added, her proprietor. The luxury of poor law unions was unknown in ancient Ireland. Apart from the authority of the old poem, in which a tourist of the day (the seventh century), giving a description, social and topographical, of Ireland, says: ' I traveled its fruitful provinces round, And in every one of the five I found Alike in church and in palace hall, Abundant apparel and food for all.' The orphan was not victimized like another 'Ginx's baby,' by being thrown mercilessly on the parish. The law provided for his adoption and support in some family in the neighborhood to which his parents had belonged. It is somewhat singular that the most recent suggestion in behalf of destitute children tend in the direction of a system similar to that which prevailed in Ireland more than a thousand years ago. Yet this is the country which English writers, in their ignorance and self-conceit, have been pleased to call 'barbarous,' and on which they pretend a benefit was conferred when it was brought under the tyranny of the feudal law. -Christianized. A prominent feature in the legal system was the law of fosterage. By this law the children of nobles and gentry were placed in families of respectable persons of inferior rank to be brought up as their own. The different ranks of society were thus cemented and bound together by ties which in our colder and less emotional age can hardly be understood. Class distinctions, if not abolished, were made the means of uniting the members of the community in bonds of mutual loyalty and brotherhood more secure than the most stringent laws could ever have created. Among no other people that we know of was the sentiment of affection made so subservient to the stability of society. It is interesting at the present time, when the possession of land has become one of the great questions of the day, to know how it stood in the times of our Celtic ancestors. Absolute possession of land among them was a thing unknown. Even the chief, or kinir, was regarded as holding the portion he enjoyed merely by virtue of his office, and for the term of his office. Throughout all the grades of proprietorship the idea that the occupiers of land held it by a sort of trusteeship for the benefit of the tribe of which he was a member, prevailed. It may seem somewhat singular, within hearing of the arrogant assumptions of landlords in Ireland, to say, that a document exactly similar lies at the root of the English law of real property. ' The first thing,' says an eminent writer on the subject, ' for the student of English law to do is to get rid of the idea that there is such a thing known to it as absolute ownership of land.' English law regards the sovereign, in other words, the representative of the nation, as the only absolute owner, and the ordinary landlord as merely a trustee, holding it for the nation's benefit. How imperfectly this doctrine is understood or carried out, it is not necessary to describe. Tn ancient Ireland, however, the theory was not only acknowledged, but put in practice. — Ex.