NOVELS What is the secret of the fascination of novels and novel reading ? There is, in human souls, a germinal conception of a latent power of enjoyment — happiness — not yet attained unto. As one said, of an evil experience — ' That, which I greatly feared, has come upon me '— thus showing that he had formed an imagination of it. So it is with a good experience. That, which I conceived, in mind, and desired, is actualized in my life. We are saved by hope. We live, by anticipating something, which will, in the future, be fruition. Novels are the world's prophecies. The spirit of prophecy is the life of the Christian. The just shall live by faith. Hence, the Christian needs no novels. As truth is stranger than fiction, so is prophecy superior to novels. Keligious meetings, abounding in the Gifts of the Spirit, are far more wonderful, fascinating and absorbing, than any theatrical exhi- bition— even as spiritualistic phenomena are superior to the acts of the necromancers, the substance, to the shadows, or the true science of government, which will result in the Mil- lennium, to the arts of the time-serving politician. The love of stimulation — of excitement of the senses, is only the measure of capacity, for enjoying spiritual things, objective to the spiritual senses. Each vice is as the shadow of the corresponding virtue. Vice, like stealing, shows the desire to possess, and the ability to enjoy, that which cannot be rigJitfiilly possessed except by honest acquisition. To be enjoyed, it must be earned. Novel reading, alcoholic drinks, and improperly stimulating food, are like unto a man drawing upon a bank, wherein he has no funds. He is simply borrowing — contracting a debt, which may leave him a prisoner in some jail, out of which he may not come till he has paid the uttermost farthing. Be real. Be true. Draw not upon fancy, for the good you may gain, by honest toil and unremitting industry. Be sober — be vigilant — an unregulated imagination will waste the powers of enjoyment ere life has fairly commenced.