UNIVERSAL LOVE Junk 16th, 1841, I felt impressed with a wonderful sense of universal love. I had a clear manifestation that all good, all love comes from God, and is God; for the reason that ' there is none good but One G-od;' and that ' God is Love.' This love is infinite, extend- ing itself, at least potentially, everywhere ; and can only be excluded from the experience and enjoyment of any soul, by the repulsive force of the selfish principle. Who ever is go- verned by this intense selfishness, has circumscribed feelings and ends of his own to pursue, which are out of harmony with universal love; and he therefore rejects and shuts it out as an enemy. Yea, though it may be offered to, and approved by his better judgment, if he is determined to pursue his own selfish ends, he only hates and resists it most where it is most manifested. This may be plainly seen in the conduct of the Jews against the highest manifestation of love that has ever been presented to the contemplation and acceptance of man, in the person of Jesus. This love then is the universal medium of harmony to all intelligences who will truly renounce all selfishness, self-seeking schemes and devote themselves wholly to do and suffer the will of God, and minister to the equal good of all his creatures. All such are brought into a holy union and harmony, and whatever may be the distance, as to space, which separates them, their state is one, and they are, by this universal medium, brought into contact, to dwell in one Center. This union — this holy sympathy — this sublime and endearing relation to all the good and the pure in the universe, is plainly seen and felt by those who are let into its sphere ; and truly every perception of goodness and glory that ever entered the mind of man before, sinks into nothing when once this is enjoyed. As this love is infinite, it surrounds, and really does, in some degree, permeate every intelligent being. But those who are in the selfish prin- ciple, are thereby prevented from perceiving its presence, or enjoying its happifying influence, in a greater or less degree, as their selfishness is more or less intense. While my soul was wrapt in this sphere of love, my affections seemed not only in union and sym- pathy with all the good and the pure in the 58 SHAKER -A.ND universe, but to have a compassion and benevolence which ardently desired the redemption and happiness of every intelligent being, however debased by selfishness. Nor could I conceive of one single being so totally wrapped up in self as entirely to exclude all influence of the universal Love ; and this little spark was so much of God, and made the possessor appear lovely. Yea, that little spark appeared sufficient, if cherished, to light up a fire in the soul that would consume the most intense spheres of the selfish principle, and ultimately unite the soul to the sphere of universal harmony. This made all souls appear lovely, as they evidently appeared the objects of God's love, belonging to Him ; living in His universe; supported in existence by His power; constantly upheld by His love from sinking still lower into the black abyss of selfishness; and rendered as happy as they would permit themselves to be made. Another consideration which made all these appear more or less lovely was, that they were all equally under the care and providential government of God, and there appeared no discrete degrees in the gradation from the most dense sphere of self love, up to the confines of the sphere of universal harmony ; though there was a vast difference between the two extremes. Indeed, the evil seemed so inconsiderable in the whole universe, when compared with the Infinite Goodness, that it was swallowed up in universal beauty and brightness, and seemed as nothing. This was undoubtedly viewing the bright side of the picture; yet, of this I am certain from experience, that however much real or supposed evil there may be in the universe, God may so fully inform and possess the soul with his Goodness and Love, and thus so completely happify and deliver it from all sense of evil, that it could not be more so if evil were really banished from the universe. And I apprehend that so far as I, as an individual, am concerned, with the evil that exists, I have only to see more specially to the destruction of that portion which exists in myself. Whenever this work is effected, and my soul shall be brought into complete submission to, and union with, the Divine nature, and filled with impartial love to all souls, then, if there be evil existing in the universe, it will not be evil to me. There is no good but in God, no evil but selfishness and that which flows from it. As far and as fast as we recede from the selfish sphere, we enter into God and come into harmony with all the good in the universe. Our souls are enlarged ; our love is expanded, and partaking of the divine nature, we possess as it were a kind of ubiquity. Our love is co-extensive with the dominions of God; because, loving God supremely, we love whatsoever He loves and owns as his. Thus, as the apostle John says, ' God is love, and he that dwelleth in love, dwelleth in God, and God in him.' Oh, my soul, what has selfishness ever done for thee, but make thee wretched, shut out of thee the Universal Good and led thee to forsake thy Father's house and suffer famine in a far country ? Then, at last, arise and go to thy Father — hate and deny selfishness in all its instances. When thou art emptied of sin and self thou wilt be filled with the infinite good and be enabled to love God with all thy heart, and thy neighbor — every creature of God — as thy self. Thus, thou wilt enter into the sphere of Universal Harmony and Eternal Peace. R. W. Pelliam, Union Village, Ohio