GODS ' I said, Ye are Gods,' John x., 34. Who said? In Bible times, if not now, all the nations, and most of the peoples, had their Gods. They were ' called Gods,' because those, unto whom these Gods ministered, took them so to be ; each believing his God was the very Deity— so did John the Revelator. The lower down, in the scale of soul travel, men and women were, the more fully were they confirmed in the idea, that every thing spiritual — supernatural — was direct from Deity. Physical phenomena, as thunder and lightning, earthquakes and epidemics, were often believed to be the voice of God, or arbitrary visitations of his displeasure, independent of human agency, or natural causation. When the Gentile Roman Centurion saw Jesus exercising authority over disembodied spirits, and likened him unto himself, who, as a military officer, had soldiers under him, to whom he issued commands, and was obeyed, Jesus declared, ' I have not found so great faith, no, not in Israel.' A Gentile was discovered, who was more learned — better educated, in the knowledge of the Spirit world, and the Laws which there obtain, than any Jew ; Jesus alone excepted. Jesus was an extraordinary man. His love of truth and goodness was so simple and intense, that it resurrected him up, into the Heaven of all Heavens. He loved righteousness, and hated iniquity, to that degree, that it exalted him above the sectarian prejudices and national pride of his people and day. He could detect evil, even among the Pharisees — the highest professors — and discover good in the Infidel Saducees, Samaritans and Gentiles. This religious condition of soul, necessarily made him an enlightened spiritualist. He communed, socially, with Moses and Elias, and, no doubt, with thousands of others of the saints and prophets of earth, long ago departed. He spoke of having ' bread to eat,' beyond the comprehension of his disciples — Talked of 'ten legions of Angels,' and what help they could be to him. The Spirit World was open to his vision, from the hells into which the antediluvians had immersed themselves; up to the universal Christ Heavens. He was born Jesus ; j ust as Napoleon was born Napoleon. When a boy, at school in Corsica, Napoleon played war, with forts of snow, and cannon of frozen water. He was Napoleon. As a boy, Jesus learned to obey his earthly parents. As a Jew, he was obedient to John the Baptist. And then, as a spiritual man — a prophet — he learned obedience to the Christ Spirits, and became the Messiah. Those Spirits were drawing him inward and upward, through all the spheres in the Spirit world, causing him to say,' If I be lifted up — resurrected — I will draw all men unto me,' as fast as I can. The Devils, in the Hells, and the Cherubim and Seraphim, in the Holy of Holies, were before him. He opened the everlasting gates of Truth, to all nations, kindreds, tongues and people — to all souls, in all worlds. He was a King — a Priest—a Prophet. He was just what every other soul becomes, who comes into the same soul-condition—'Kings and priests unto God,' over others who have not yet attained unto that high religious estate — a simple love of truth and goodness — of God. Moses was God to Pharaoh, as the Israelites were Gods to the Egyptians — 'I said ye are Gods, but ye shall die like men.' The God of Abram, Isaac and Jacob was the God of Moses ; and the God of Moses belonged to an Order in the Spirit World, who acted as ' Angels of the Lord, and unto whom the word of God came,' from the spheres above, even from the Lord their God. The prophetic order existed in Israel and in all nations. It was universal. Melchisidec was a prophet, and was Abram's superior—his elder. Yet Melchisidec was not even a Hebrew, but a Gentile. He was what ' anti-christians ' call a Heathen. Jethro was a prophet, who instructed Moses and the whole Jewish Priesthood, in the art of civil government. He was their religious superior. Yet Jethro was a Gentile — an Ethiopian Heathen, who would not be allowed the rights of American citizenship, until the Civil Rights Bill, of Sumner, becomes American Law. Jesus said, to the spiritually ignorant Jews, ' If he, called them Gods, unto whom the word of God came,' from spheres still above them ; why call ye me a blasphemer, who claim to be only a son of God, and just what, even your own selves, by obedience, might become? The Prophetic Order of human souls, to which Enoch, Melchisidec, Jethro, Baalam, Samuel, Elijah, Isaiah, John Baptist, Jesus, and ' the Two Witnesses,' down to George Fox, and James and Jane Wardley belonged, were Spiritual Media. When in their highest spiritual, religious condition, they were Mediums of Christ Spirits. At other times, they were capable, like Baalam, of being mediums for Spirits of lower Orders. Prophets were expected to love truth, better than they loved life itself. They were often sent to reprove Priests and Kings, who had the power of life and death over them. They instructed and reproved Levites, who were mediums of the God of Israel; as they did the constituted authorities — media — of the Gods of other nations — the powers that be. These often put them to death, as Herod did John, striving to drown the truth, in the blood of Prophets and Martyrs — so that Jesus inquired of the Jews, ' Which of the Prophets have your fathers not stoned, or killed, when they were sent unto them ? ' sent by the rock— Christ — who thus 'followed them,' in all their deviations and wandering, in the wilderness of sin ? And it was thus that the word of God came to them that were called Gods — even to the God of the Hebrews, and the Gods many and the Lords many, of the so-called Heathen nations of Earth.