PEACE AND WAR ' Peace on earth, and good will to men,' was proclaimed by the Angels, who came to the Shepherds, bringing the glad tidings, that a Saviour was born. The lowly Nazarene preached the Gospel of Peace and good will, eighteen hundred years ago, and has been worshiped as a God. But, how few have followed him in deed and in truth — like him, denying all un- godliness and every worldly lust ? Many pretend to believe in the teaching of Jesus, but in their works deny him. These draw nigh unto him, with their lips, but their hearts are far from the truth. They will stand up and declare their belief in Jesus Christ, and, in the next breath, excite the members of their churches to go and kill their brethren on the other side of some range of mountains, or waste of waters — thus preaching in direct opposition to the teaching of one they so highly extol. '' From whence came wars and fighting ? Come they not of the lusts that war in your members?' So long as the lustful passions have pre-eminence over the more God-like part, so long will the day of universal peace be deferred. In time of war, the armies, of each side, pray to the same God — the God of war — to assist them in conquering the opposite party. If their God answered their prayers it would result in the destruction of both armies. Their prayers would exterminate them. O, wicked and adulterous generation! Ye ask and receive not, because ye ask amiss, that ye may consume it upon your lusts, and consume each other. In prosperity, man is never content, On some kind of trouble, he ever is bent. Peace brings him riches, these beget pride, A vain, haughty spirit, o'er others to ride; Pride begets war, with its horror and waste, This, down to poverty, brings man, in haste ; Poverty humbles, and lowers his pride. Humility leads him to work and provide ; To mind his own business, from wrangling cease, Which brings him again, to plenty and peace, He seldom rests here, the same round he'll go, The cause never learning of comfort nor woe. ' He that ruleth his own Spirit is greater than he that taketh a city ' — and finds a much better reward. Willis De Graw, Groveland, N. Y.