UNION ' But one thing is needful.' Luke 10, 42. Happy, most happy the soul, who can simply bring all things into union. To center in one point, more than one object, perplexes the mind. Double minded we stand and pause where we shall first begin, and neglect both. What is the one thing needful ? It is plain our Saviour means the soul keeping close company with himself. This Mary did. She sat at his feet and heard his word. Every thing else is but cumbering work compared with this. This one thing comprises all the holiness, happiness and heavenly mindedness of the soul. If we have the presence of Christ's spirit, guilty fears vanish, dejecting doubts are scattered, legal terrors silenced, anxious cares subside, strong temptations lose their force. Satan is resisted, afflictions sweetened, turbulent passions calmed, raging corruptions subdued, pride is brought down, humility excited, peace with God enjoyed, holiness promoted, fear of death conquered, hell chased away, the prospect of glory in the full fruition of truth is aspired unto. Earth loses its charms. Heaven is in the heart — to be free from sin becomes the one desire of the soul. Say, 0 Christian, what one thing else can produce so many blessed effects as close communion with God ? Is not this the one thing, above all others, needful ? Needful at all times and in all seasons. Needful in the hour of prosperity and in the day of adversity. Needful in the solemn hour of death, and in the tremendous day of judgment. 0, if this one thing is maintained in the soul, Believer, you may live as you list, and do what you please ; for sweet communion with holy souls in Christ ever subjects the will, attracts the affections, and be SHAKEEESS. 59 gets holy conformity to rules and orders needful for the protection of the ' household of faith.' You will not list, you cannot like, you dare not follow any thing contrary to your Gospel Brethren and. Sisters, while you live near to and dwell in holy fellowship with them. Thus, religion is brought to a single point. Holiness and happiness are resolved into one thing. Love thy neighbor as thyself, each one seeking another's wealth — goods — and not his own. Here is but one faith to make you holy and happy But there are a thousand things to prevent this. 0 may this one thing—needful — Gospel Union — rise superior to all! Think, 0 my soul, of Mary's choice. Remember the Saviour's approbation of it. Choose thou also this good part, which shall never be taken away. Sit thou at the feet of the Saviours of to-day, as did Mary in her day. Walter Vann, Pleasant Hill, Ky.