KNOWLEDGE That ' knowledge is power,' to a certain extent, we cannot deny. According to bible his- tory, a thirst for knowledge was the prime cause of the fall of our first parents, who were placed to dress and keep the beautiful garden called ' Eden.' All that was needful for man's sustenance — all that he could use and not profane, was freely offered to him without constraint; but there was a prohibition placed upon one tree called the tree of knoicledge, and he seemed to desire to eat of the fruit of that tree more than of all the other trees ; although a heavy penalty hung over him, if by disobedience he violated the injunction given him. As we trace the ancestral line of history back to the original progenitors of our race, can we not deu-ct the same disposition in all their lineal descendants, to crave knowledge of things that will afford present gratification to the senses, irrespective of law and order, notwithstanding the voice of God speaks to them through the conscience, saying ' eat not lest ye die ? ' Obedience to truth is a life pre server. Disobedience gives pain and is a life destroyer. The desire for knowledge in the human heart, when sought within the limit of law, and guided by wisdom that applies knowledge to use, is God-given, and is in conformity to his designs for the elevation and progress of humanity ; and is laudable in the highest degree. We wonder when we contemplate what the united intellect of men and women, in the mundane and super-mundane spheres, have accomplished, in revealing the hidden mysteries of science. To effect this work, lofty mountains have been scaled, deep caverns have been penetrated, great oceans have been fathomed, by which a knowledge of animate and inanimate things on the land and in the seas has been attained. The wild lands of America and the jungles of Africa have been explored, and the religious manners and customs of all civilized and socalled savage nations have been investigated. The mausoleums of past ages have been entered, the remains of ancient sculpture and art have been examined, and the fossil remains of men and animals have been dug from the earth. The encyclopedias and halls of science of to-day tell, in part, of the success of the searches and researches that have been made in quest of knowledge. And as the facilities for accumulating knowledge are increased, the desires are enhanced for more ; and at the present time great efforts are made to penetrate the ice-bound regions of the North, at the peril of life and property, in search of an open sea at the poles, if such sea exist. While men and women by searching have found out God, to a marked degree, as manifested in the outward visible creation, so that they can describe the course of the stars, send messages from country to country with lightning speed, under the waves of the mighty ocean as well as over hill and dale; and the iron horse has found its way through the hitherto trackless regions of the far West, carrying untold treasures of wealth, the products of industry, from the Atlantic to the Pacific coasts ; still there is much sorrow and mourning in the land; for the rich are increasing in wealth and luxurious habits of life, and the poorer classes are depressed in proportion. War, intemperance, sensuality and crime are filling the land and destroying the vital energies of the people. Corruption and fraud are found in the churches, in the legislative halls of the nation, and all down through society from the highest to the lowest ranks. The wisdom that cometh from above, that will cause men and women to fear God and work righteousness, has been ignored or lost sight of to a great extent. It seems to have been forgotten, or never understood, that sooner or later God will require a strict account of every thought, word and deed ; and that in the light of his judgment all will stand approved or condemned before him. Rhoda R. Hollister, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.