ZION MUST BE PURE If the Church of Christ's Second Appearing is to be as a ' city upon a hill,' giving light to the world, then, how great is the necessity of maintaining a swift testimony against every form of evil within her own borders. How can the higher ' Law go forth from Zion,' that shall be a teacher of truth and purity to others, unless those individuals who form the collective body within her gates, make a practical application of that law to their own lives ? Zion must be pure. God will surely purge His floor; the wheat He will garner, and the chaff will be blown away by the winds of truth. Those who are willing that the Gospel fire shall burn in their hearts, to consume the false and give room for the true, will make themselves worthy to eat at the Lord's table, and to drink of the pure crystal waters which flow from His eternal fountain. But they wh© live in carnal pleasure — serve the tabernacle — have no right to partake at the Lord's table.' The Holy Spirit is waiting and calling upon all to make ready for an increase of spiritual truth, by greater sacrifices of that which is selfish and worldly. The good shepherd and shepherdess of souls stand ready to enfold the innocent lambs in the arms of love, and they will lead them into living pastures which are evergreen and growing, being warmed and vivified by the sun of righteousness. Oh, glorious, happy day! God speed the rising sun; Haste to the fields in bright array, Ye laborers, every one. There's work for each to do ; No soul should idle stand ; God's numbered ones are few, And each should lend a hand. Flinch not, nor doubtful feel — The Angels cheer you on, To tread with strength and zeal, The path the Saints have gone. For armies from above Have reinforced our bands ; The banners, Truth and Love, They bear with fearless hands. Let hypocrites beware! The battle will not cease, Till Zion's borders fair, Proclaim for love and pease. Till every soul is sealed To God and to His truth ; Till justice is revealed, From aged down to youth. Till, written on each face Is Father's holy name ; And, Mother's love hath place Throughout the heart's domain. The harvest fields are white; Then, let us all awake ; From off our raiment bright, The dust of slumber shake. The blessed morn is here, Dull night hath died away ; Brave hearts, with purpose clear, Shall toil in this new day. J. Johnson, West Pittsfield, Mass.