THE NEW CREATION ' In thee and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed.' This sublime oath and sacred promise was made by the God of Israel to Abraham the father of tile faith of the New Creation. It embodies a law that has been gradually unfolding in each of the four Dispensations of God's love, and grace to man. These had to succeed each other until the mystery of God was fully revealed — finished. In the ministration, by Angels, of the Law of types and shadows, the ten commandments were written by the finger of God, in Hebrew characters, on two tables of stone, because they could not be contained by one table only. It prophesied the two Christian Dispensations— Jewish and Gentile—male and female. And the sacrifice of beasts — male and female — pointed in the same direction. The male beast was slain first to make an atonement for animal physical sin, and then the female beast was slain as a peace offering. Saviours came forth from Judah and Edom with garments died in blood — the generative life—see Zach. (vi. 13), 'He shall build the temple of the Lord, and He shall bear the glory ;' — the woman is the glory of the man — and ' He shall sit and rule upon his throne, and the counsel of peace shall be between them both.' Jesus of Bethlehem, and Ann of Manchester, were heirs of the faith of Abraham appointed to accomplish the purposes of God, included in the oath, that all the nations of the earth should be blessed in his seed. The seed of the spiritual woman would bruise the head of the sensual nature of fallen man—the lust of generation—by resurrection out of the generative Order, thus creating a spiritual woman. They became the parents of the New Creation which is based upon death to the work of physical, animal propagation. Life is sacrificed and hated —the carnal life and all it produces is forsaken, and a new life, even ' eternal life ' is revealed. In place of the natural there is the spiritual Parentage with its Brothers and Sisters, and a household of faith where all property is ' in common,' thus constituting the true Church of the Christ-Spirit, the Temple of God. The soul that receives this word of faith has the beginning of the New Creation in itself, just as it began in the first son, Jesus, and in the first daughter, Ann. They were the first born of the Christ Parentage, first of many brethren and sisters ; for to as many as receive the Christ-Spirit, they give power to become the sons and daughters of God. Obedience brings the soul under God's everlasting covenant. To enter the kingdom of heaven upon earth, we must become like the first elder brother and sister in all things. Let the word of life have free course in our souls, and let every thing go that would bind us down to the earthly order of generation, and its concomitants. As the natural child in its infancy knows little of its earthly parentage, and increases in understanding as it grows in years, so is it with spiritual children; they attain to the measure of the stature of men and women in Christ Jesus, and in Christ Ann, by slow degrees. The natural elements in man and woman must be burned up by the baptism of the Christ-Spirit — melted with the fervent heat of spiritual love, which is as fire to earthly, carnal loves and affections, cares and interests. Then the Bridegroom and bride are revealed to their true sons and daughters. Thus the souls of all true believers find in the hour of tribulation, that they have an anchor sure and steadfast,' and they know in whom and in what they have believed. Even their bodies become pure, fit temples for souls to dwell in, through the chastening virtue of self-denial. As sin entered into the world by the agency and co-operation of male and female, why should it not also be removed by their union in the Truth, as co-workers together with God? Eldress Anna Ervin, Enfield, Ct.