SHAKERESS: MINISTERIAL AGENCY A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS All natural children in their infant and childhood state need guides and guardians. With- out such guardians, they could not long exist; being not only dependent upon them for food and raiment, but they lean upon them — tell their trials — and look to them for counsel. And where can we find a man, or woman, who, when in trouble, or pain, either mental or physical, does not seek relief from some sympathizing friend in visible form ? If physically diseased, do they not ask to find a physician that will understand their condition and point out a remedy? It would not satisfy them to believe that skillful physicians, or healing media lived on earth centuries ago; they want some person, tangible to their external senses, that they can see, and feel; to whom they can speak and from whom they can receive a response. The natural is a figure of the spiritual. Jesus said, 'Except ye receive the Kingdom as little children, ye shall in no case enter therein.' Spiritual children are as dependent for aid and counsel as the natural; and have need of teachers and guides who are higher in the scale of virtue and intelligence than themselves. Jesus was a healing medium; he cured physical diseases, and cast devils, or evils, out of souls. God works through Agents, and the lesser is dependent upon the greater. There is a connecting chain of intelligences from the lower to the higher, until by progressive degrees, human souls rise into the divine spheres of light and love, where inharmony cannot enter. It is claimed that God is Omnipresent — is in all places,— and in all things. If we admit that He is everywhere in his own creation, yet he is not seen and felt for the same purpose. We see Him in the stars, in the different strata of soils, in clouds, or in the song of birds ; we hear Him in loud peals of thunder, and feel Him as a Power, riding the whirlwind and directing the storm ; in all this, there is method — Order. But in dealing with human beings, we see that God has reasoned with man and woman, through intelligent agencies, all down through the ages. He has appointed ministers and elders who have been as gods to the people, for the time being. Moses was a god unto Aaron — a law-giver to the Israelites. He was a medium for spiritual communication to those who were less progressed than himself — a link in the chain. And the laws which he received from disembodied spirits, or angels, for the people, although imperfect, were the best that they were prepared to receive ; and sufficient unto that day, was the good thereof. The Levitical Priesthood were appointed media, through whom the higher intelligences could reach the lower ; and vice versa. It was God's altar of sacrifice for the people. To the order of priesthood, they brought their sacrifices for sins committed, and thus showed their deeds, and through the priests sought remission. Here we see that the principle of oral confession, to anointed witnesses, was acknowledged ; a mercy seat was established in a certain place ; and there God promised to meet and commune with the people, through the order of the priesthood. The same law held good through the order of the Prophets, who were mediators between the more and less progressed intelligences, in both worlds, the mundane and the celestial. Jesus of Nazareth, who was baptized with the Christ-Spirit, was a teacher of a still higher law and became the High Priest of a New Dispensation. He did not condemn the law, nor did he abolish the ordinance of oral confession ; but when he went with the multitude to the river Jordan, where John, his forerunner, had pitched his tent, for the purpose of attending to those who came to him confessing and repenting of their sins,— seeking to be immersed in the cleansing waters of that river,— did he not give unmistakable proof of his faith in the confession of sin to God's witnesses ? What were the keys that he gave to Peter when he appointed him to be the first Leader of his little flock, that he was about to leave, when he said to him, ' What ye bind on earth shall be bound in heaven; and what ye loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven ; and whosesoever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them.' Did he not appoint a succession of the confessional through his apostles at that time ? It is written, that under the preaching of Paul, 'Fear (or conviction) fell upon the people and many came and showed their deeds.' Jesus said of himself, ' / am the light of the world.' He also said to his disciples, ' Ye are the light of the world.' They who live in sin, and choose to continue therein will not ' bring their deeds to the light, lest they be reproved.' Such persons give evidence that they love darkness, rather than light. They who desire to accept Christ as a whole Saviour, in the dual order of male and female, are thankful to approach the mercy-seat that was prefigured under the Law ; but is now a living reality in the Gospel dispensation. It is the '' door of hope,' through which many have entered, and found salvation and strength, through the power of the Christ-Spirit, in both male and female. Now the wings of the cherubim and seraphim touch each other. Appointed ministers of the New Covenant, watch over and guard the mercy seat, where perpetual communion is held, between saints on earth and saints in heaven ; and a holy bond of union is formed, which cannot be broken.