ACTION Life and action are manifest in all the vast creation of God's universe. Whether visible, or invisible to the external perception, change is constantly wrought by development, or diminution; even in the sterile rock, or the mosses that grow thereon — action is appar- ent. Look at yon mountain, we may say its aspect to us is the same that it was years ago ; but geologists would undoubtedly tell us of marvelous changes and transformations, that had been wrought by Nature's ceaseless action, both when we wake and when we sleep. As- tronomers tell us of changes in the stellar regions. ' They that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in great waters,' could tell of the foaming changing waves of the restless ocean, and how those waters teem with life and action. The seasons come and go in regular succession, bringing seed-time and harvest — summer and winter, while forests deepen with the growth of years. The mineral and vegetable kingdoms, and the lower order of animals produce their kind, in harmony with Nature's laws ; all acting in unison with the First Great Cause; but, where do we find man, who was formed to be the noblest — the crowning work of God's creation ? May we count him as the connecting link, a controlling force in the great chain that spans the universe, to unite that which is below him with the Giver and Fructifier of all life? It is true, action marks his course. In Art, Science and Literature, he commands ; but he often sways the sceptre of power unjustly, over those below him in rank and fortune, and thus misdirects, and abuses the talent that is given him for good and noble purposes. If man, as lord of the creation, had kept in rectitude — subject to law and order — and through dependence, had maintained an unbroken union and communion with his Maker, he might have made this earth a terrestrial paradise ; and his connection with all of God's creation would have been harmonious and true. But through selfishness, pride and arrogance, he has wandered far from the position that he was designed to occupy ; and captured, in a net of his own weaving, he has become entangled therein; and is unable to extricate himself. He has become a slave to the lower instincts of his nature. Thus, while in captivity to the law of sin, he exclaims, ' 0 wretched man that I am! Who shall deliver me from the body of this death ? ' The finer feelings of the soul, are blunted and crushed by the deception of the serpentine nature. Even as a bird becomes a prey in the grasp of its alluring enemy, so does the human heart become a prey to wild, unsubdued, animal propensities. Many suffer the tempter to lead them to sip from the cup of sensuality, till they create depraved appetites, with unabated cravings, which they have not power to resist. Such fall lower and lower, until they are really forced as it were, to drink to the dregs, the cup which the Revelator said, ' would be poured out in indignation without mixture.' Moral and spiritual death ensues — the soul is held with rigid grasp — the mental faculties are weakened, and the physical body goes down to a premature grave. Do we not see evident marks of death and decay in deformed men and women, with pale emaciated visages stalking broadcast through the land, at the present time ? The image of the heavenly is effaced, and God is not found in their thoughts, nor ways. But, when we look upon the grand picture that Nature spreads out before our vision, ever increasing in order and beauty, typical of the world beyond, we find a sweet and gentle monitor. Whether she speaks in the thunder's TO SHA.KER crash—the vivid lightning's glow— the ocean's roar, or in the rippling stream. — we find, her the same wise teacher. If at times she stands as a stern reprover, it is for the purpose of creating healthy action. Order is the product of obedience — disobedience results in disorder and confusion. Query : Is there no way of returning to the statutes and laws of God and Nature ? no waymarks left to guide the feet of the wandering, to the Father's house ? Truly, if the prodigal sons and daughters, who have traversed the wilderness of sin, really become tired of feeding on husks, and will turn, and by true repentance, which is forsaking, retrace their steps, they will find the highway of holiness, that is cast up for the ransomed of the Lord to walk in; and that there is a refuge for the weary and oppressed, from the rude storm of a sin-blighted world — an ark of safety — a home of joy — a home for body and soul, where all material and spiritual needs are well supplied. The invitation is extended to such, to ' Repent and be converted that their sins may be blotted out; ' and to prepare for ' the times of refreshing, that shall come from the presence of the Lord.' Justification must be attained by returning to orderly conditions. Through positive innocence, which conies by trial, souls may be brought into harmonial relations with God and Nature, and join in one universal song of praise and good-will. Anna White, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.