Ayer, June 10th, 1874 Dearly beloved Elder Frederick, You have probably seen the report of our meetings in Lynn, published in The Banner for June 6th. I also sent a Lynn Record to Bro. Daniel Fraser, and propose to send you, as soon as the papers ordered arrive, a better report in the Lynn Transcript. The meetings were interesting, truly so. And one friend writes me since : ' Personally, I shall never forget the visit of the Shakers to Lynn. It was a new era in my life. The time you spent here — from Saturday night to Monday morning — was of great interest and enjoyment to me. I have long wondered if a person could not be religious and devotional, without believing in the terrible dogmas which have been my stumbling-blocks from youth up, and it seems to me that in that particular, the Shakers realize my ideal.' A female medium, writing to Sister Catherine, expresses similar sentiments, and goes on to tell what she saw in our last meeting there : ' Three doves, with the olive branch, soar- ing around you — which seemed to indicate that you had brought peace — also a shield of silver light which seemed to surround your whole body, like steam, while you were talking, and a sweet spirit-face, that with eyes of beaming rest, seemed to say ' Well done! ' How I would like to see the face of Mother Ann. How much I have thought of her, since hearing you tell of her.' ' There was over Elder William's head, while speaking, a silver light that took the form of a sheaf of wheat, and at his feet a flowing stream of what seemed like the morning dew.' ' On the right arm of Elder Vance, a drooped flag, bearing this inscription : ' The end is Victory,' behind him stood a spirit of ancient times, with a surplice and three bells, the tone of which I ccruld not hear but could feel. During the singing, there was every thing beautiful to be seen, and while you were singing ' God is infinitely able,' etc., I saw a shower of stars falling, and as they fell they became fastened in the form of a chain, by links, till at the end they were made to inclose you all. I could say much more but shall weary you. Will only add, I saw a golden key in the hand of Elder John Whiteley, and a large white mantle was thrown on Brother Horace Taber.'' ' All this has some meaning, and in part unknown to me.' ' I wish I could go and see you all, and learn to be strong in mind. It may never be my pleasure to do so, but I shall ever have a kind loving heart for the Shakers.' Two men have been already ' to spy out the land,' and others are coming. The harvest work truly is great, and the laborers few. But we will not only sing, but believe, that ' God is infinitely able to sustain the week and feeble.' Won't we? Time is crowding me to a close ; but I want to tell how much we think of and speak of (in loving remembrance) the visit we recently enjoyed with the lovely inmates of the North House. Heaven bless them all, and add to their number of valiant soldiers, who will not flinch in the day of danger and conflict. For truly ' The end is victory.' Special love from our Order, and believe me ever Yours very truly, Elder John Whitely, Shirley, Mass.