STOMACH AND CONSCIENCE Two manners of people exist—the Jacob class and the Esau class. To the first, the blessing of God comes in the sunshine of an inner spirit world, continually ripening them up for a sphere, wherein they will be invisible to the Esau class, and live upon food, that to it, would be as the manna to the Egyptian appetites of the Israelites. To the latter class, the blessing of God comes in the sunshine of Earth, and in the dews and fatness thereof. It is a question between stomach and conscience, as to which class each person shall be- long. ' All the labor of man, is for his mouth,' and we are made up of the kind of food we put into it. If we eat earthly food, we are earthly men and women. If we eat Angels' food—manna—we become Angelic—spiritual men and women. If stomach — appetite — have the control, and pleasure be sought, in physiological unrighteousness ; money — the representation of labor — is prized as the means of indulgence. Money may be accumulated and held, from a mere insane love of it, without any use to be accomplished by its possession. That is acquisitiveness run mad — sheer covetousness. In such persons, common sense is almost extinct, and every earthly and heavenly comfort is sacrificed for the purpose of economizing expenses. Whereas, money is nothing worth, except for the good that can be derived from its possession, either to the owner thereof, or to some other person. As a nation, it will be generally recognized, that stomach predominates, at this present time, over conscience ; and the love of money over the love of the use it represents. Appetite and looks — lust of the eye and perverted taste — are the controlling influence that determine the kind of medicine and quality of food that men provide, and women cook, and also how they shall cook it. The same rule and principle, or the want of them, govern, first, the men, and next, the women, in relation to dress. Health and comfort, morality and religion, the good of the present generation and the welfare of the future, are sub- ordinated to appetite and looks, to that degree, that he, or she, who stops to enquire of conscience, why do I eat and drink and do, this or that — what the object — the use — the comfort — in this article of food, drink, apparel or medicine, I contemplate buying and preparing for myself and others, is as much outside the social circle, as are the insane. And indeed, they are by appetite-created-mentality, accounted as 'Samaritans'—as 'having a devil,' or as being beside themselves — forming a class, who are forever turning ' the world that now is/' upside down. They desecrate the Temples, destroy the gods and change the Ordinances of the Degree, that has accomplished its mission — become old and is ready to perish, and be supplanted by its successors, as a new wave of progress. The same lines of argument — the same turmoil of passion, that the existence of chattel slavery, in America, gave rise to, terminating in a destructive, uncivil war, come into operation in all contentions and struggles between stomach and conscience, that have occurred, and will hereafter occur, in any new degree of progress, in Nations, in Societies, or even individuals. Three classes are created. 1st. The Prophetic class, who receive the inspiration of the coming Degree. These are the Radicals, who proclaim liberty to the captive — whether it be the captive, man and woman, who are bought and sold, like animals ; or souls, captive to some appetite — some lust of the flesh, or mind, that has had its day. 2d. The second class are the Moderates, who have been progressed by the Radicals, and repelled by the Conservatives. With this class Wisdom was born. And when it becomes ex- tinct, Wisdom will die with it. They have, like the middle of a stick, a horror of the two ends — of all extremes. 3d. The opposite extreme, or Conservative class, whose stomachs are the Gods they worship, whose intellects are enslaved by their appetites, and who reason only to make the worse appear the better part — to prove that what they want, and will have, is agreeable to their conscience, which is subordinated to, and enslaved by their stomach. It has not been revealed to these Moderates, that if the two ends were cut off there would still be a middle. The stick might be made shorter and shorter, until it represented the simious tribes, but the same order would still exist — there would be the two ends, and a middle, held together by the two ends. Flesh meat is, almost exclusively, the food of the wild Indian, in his primitive state. It is wild animals, which require a large area of country, with sparse population. To change their diet is to change their whole social sys- tem. If they come to feed upon domestic animals, there must be fixed habitations, and a system of agriculture, like the Creek Indians have adopted, and adapted themselves unto. If again they would change their diet, and discontinue the use of domestic animal food, that would involve the introduction of Horticulture, like the people of Vineland. Thus would they approximate the diet of the Israelites in the wilderness. Had Moses lived, would he ever have taken the Children of Israel into the land of Canaan ? Had Jesus lived, would he ever have formed an organization ? In Canaan, they went back, not unto Egyptian diet, with its flesh pots, but to a mixed diet of flesh, vegetables and fruits. But the most holy class among them — the Nazarenes — ate no flesh, drank no wine, and lived lives of celibacy. These were what the whole body of the people had begun to travel toward, and would attain unto, when the Messiah came to change their diet and learn them to eat the most sacred of all food — unleavened bread, made of unbolted flour—the Lord's last supper. These things were written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the world have begun to come. When the Seventh Trumpet begins to sound, the mystery of God shall be finished. A young man, or woman, who begins life with conservatism, is as an Israelite who began life by desiring to go back into Egypt to get his education. They will not leave the world any better than they found it. Neither will such help to progress any society into which they may enter. The food question is the soul question. A change of dietetics, is a change of the social system, for better, or for worse. Hitherto, all the changes, made by Americans, as a people, have been from bad to worse. To-day, the young are commencing life with a dietary that old people ought to be ashamed to die upon. The stomachs, of the young Americans, have absorbed and digested their physiological consciences. Superfine flour, and poisoned candies, are the two extremes, and there is not much wisdom in the middle. It is exceedingly small, at the waist. There is but one reason why the Females are so small at the middle; and that is, they wish the whole world to know, they are as unfit, as they are determined, never to be Mothers. Jesus went to extremes in his life conduct, to that degree that he was practically unpracticable, in the day he lived in. He formed no Church Organization. David did not build the Temple. Solomon, his successor, used the material David had accumulated to build it with. Peter and the Apostles organized the Jewish Pentecostal Church. Jesus ministered unto them the Christ Spirit, by which it was accomplished. Jesus labored in the wilderness of abstract ideas, occult forces and subtle spiritual principles. These were the material that became incarnated in the external organization of the Primitive Church, that lasted three hundred years, and was then ' scattered ' — spread — through the whole Roman Empire, where it F. W. EVANS, Editok. 66 worked like leaven, until a new organization was effected, after twelve hundred and sixty years of wilderness travel. We are now in the wilderness of a second Degree. The first Degree has done its work, and has been used as leaven, to leaven Christendom. ' The sound of its testimony has gone into all the world.' We must see to it, that we do not settle down, and become like the ' magnetic ships, on the ocean,' in an unchangeable condition. The Lord's House — the Temple of the Second Degree — will yet be built by the Solomons and Peters — Saints — unto whom the Spirit is calling — come out of her — Babylon — my people, that ye be not partakers of her Bins of monopoly and sensuality — of stomach against conscience — and that ye receive not of her plagues.