Nurseries, near Winooski, Vt.,) July 6th, 1874. Elder F. W. Evans, Editor of Shaker AND ShAKERESS. Respected Brother :—After some twen- ty-five years have rolled away, since I had the pleasure of seeing you personally, with other esteemed Brothers and Sisters, at Mt. Lebanon, S HE .A. K'JE R A.ND SHAKEEE88, 67 N. Y., who have ever held a place in my pleasant thoughts, I direct you this line. Long ago I wrote to you and Bro. Bushnell, then living, and regret I did not receive your answer. The books, you presented me, have been read by intellectual persons. They were last carried to Burlington and left with radical and progressive men and women. They, being spiritualists, like myself, liked them. As a traveling preacher I visited you. I was blessed and enlightened. I have out-traveled the popular religions of the day. I am a Free-Lover, and believe in the proper and scientific rights of generating the human species, in accordance with the Laws of Life, as sacred, pure and virtuous, because natural and in harmony with the reproductive forces of nature. But progressive liberals are advocates also of continency, and, I believe, are truly of the most fastidious of the human race. For my part, I feel akin, to a large extent, with your people, who seem to walk so near to God and his Angels. The ideas of Samuel Hurlbut, of S. Union, Ky., are before me, as expressed in your paper of May. I feel assured I can say Yea, with a heart full of earnestness, to his invitation to 100,000 Shakers wanted—to all he so beautifully says, from No. 1 to the end of No. 8. The community life leads to higher attainments. Truly these should lead to happiness. Now, if radical ' Free Lovers' could be accepted, to entertain their sentiments among you, as a people, I doubt not, you would have many accessions to your numbers. I am thinking of offering my lands, at least in part, for Community. Radicals, as we are, we cannot affiliate with the selfishness, the impurity,the craft, the dishonesty, the untruth- fulness—the total falsity of the world. We want a harmonious home, based on the social sciences, wherein we may have a Temple of Freedom, and live simple, or plain, virtuous, intellectual and progressive lives. Why can you not, as Brothers and Sisters, open the door of your community ? Extend the hand of welcome, and bid us come in, to the number of a few hundred, it may be—a Family or Families by ourselves, living out our progressive ideas, in entire harmony with yours, cultivating for each other, mutual and lasting respect; as sacred, without discordance or invasion of human rights—insured from intrusion. Such liberal, tolerant, yielding, to each and all, the sovereign right to elect, or choose, a pure, holy, celibate life; or a virtuous life, based on the principles of social science, with the scientific propagation of the human species, as advocated by the most advanced radicals, in ' Woodhull and Claflin's Weekly.' Could you all accord with this wise arrange- ment—as I believe it is, and hope you can—I should feel to know the Temple of Harmony could be erected on the Earth. I have ventured my thoughts—cultivating for you and for all you love and cherish, the highest sentiments of respect. My family join me in wishing the Angel world may be all around you. I am ever and faithfully yours, Orrin Shipman