BERRIES AMONG WEEDS Among the most pleasant of our summer employments, is that of gathering strawberries. Whether we go into the gardens to secure the rich crops raised by our good brethren, or ramble through the fields and meadows in quest of the sweet wild fruit, it matters little: for interest and pleasure are combined with our labor. It was my fortune, one warm day last summer, to discover an old strawberry bed that had been abandoned to weeds, which had grown very rank. I was impressed to make a thorough investigation of the down-trodden patch, and was rewarded with an ample supply of bright red berries; and I also learned a profitable lesson. I was led to reflect that the human mind is like a garden, wherein weeds and fruit grow together; and that, many times, it is difficult to see aught else but weeds; and how apt we are to turn away, and think it is useless to look for any good thing from such sources. I was instructed that it is far better to exercise patience, and to search diligently for good plants and fruit, and to use our best exertions to destroy the noxious weeds, and preserve the good vines or plants. We are all placed in the garden of Eden, to dress and to keep it. The germs of a higher life are committed to us to develop; and, if we are diligent and faithful, we shall make our paradise more beautiful, instead of losing it; and shall draw thither good angels to dwell with us, and instruct us in those things which pertain to eternal life. Inspired by such impressions, I resolved anew never to slacken my hand in cultivating the good soil of the heart, and in striving to uproot every plant which our Heavenly Father and Mother have not planted ; and to carefully guard the good plants, and water them with charity and love, which will be like sweet refreshing dews. Then an abundant harvest will prove the integrity of my life, and be my reward, and my garden will not, through neglect, be like the strawberry bed, bearing many weeds, and a proportionate small quantity of good fruit. H. E. Potter, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.