FALSE AND TRUE As I lift the curtain of retirement, which screens my mind from the turbulent sea of life, as it generally exists, what do I behold ? A striving, self-serving, world-loving throng. Consequent to the legalized sin, land monopoly, one underlying cause of human distress, and of the unjust bearing of other man-made laws, all classes of society are made sufferers. Those whose circumstances permit, amass great wealth, which their own toil neither creates nor sustains ; and they revel in luxuries deleterious to both body and soul; which cause an idle, artificial life, wherein contentment finds no abode. And, while they seek renown and honor in the eyes of the aristocracy, they are envied by those whose very nerve and sinew provide their support, and whose unremitting but unrecompensed toil secures, to themselves, scarcely the necessities of life; while they are debarred from that degree of mental, social and moral culture, requisite to carry them above the low society and debasing influences engendered by poverty. Thus is labor robbed of its dignity, and it becomes an irksome yoke to those upon whom it falls so heavily. As life is stamped on every feature of the universe, those who do not find employment in simple, useful industries, will resort to illegitimate means. Hence we see those whose abnormal physical appetites, seek gratification in gluttony and other low forms of animal life, with corresponding mental excitements ; for which ball-rooms, theaters, and other places of vain amusements amply provide. Another class, gorge the intellect without reference to use, and without practical application. With such, spirituality is supplanted, leaving little room for the divine inflowings needful to render life acceptable to individuals, or a blessing to humanity. With deep lament we behold the masses worship at Fashion's unhallowed shrine. Many, whose young hearts blossom hopefully in spring-time, which is a prophecy of good fruit in maturer years, are induced to sell all else (save a carnal life) to ape those who monopolize wealth, and degrade honest labor while they seek to exalt idleness, extravagance, and their associate evils, and make them respectable. Rising above this vast multitude, we thank- fully recognize those of sterling integrity, through whom the voice of truth is nobly uttered, relative to the various needed reforms of the day. We ask blessing upon every one whose life is dedicated to humanity's weal, and look with compassion upon sad, weary hearts, whose inner thirstings can never be satisfied with perishing joys; and who seek love in a broader purer sphere, than earthly relationships can afford; and we invite them, with us, to turn from the sorrowful picture. The curtain falls — the scene changes — and what the vision 1 A peaceful, holy seclusion — sweet rest in the truth — a home for the soul. We see a band, in whom the fires of Pentecostal love have been kindled, prompting to a common brother and sister-hood — a united inheritance — an impartial distribution of the blessings of life. One clean spot on earth, teeming with beauty, and smiling with abundant harvest; made fruitful to those by whom labor is exalted and divested of its painful yoke, and brightened by the angel touch of consecration. This is true life, in which all the faculties of being may be brought into the service of God, and still be richly fraught with enjoyment and a healthy condition of physical, social, intellectual and spiritual senses, be enjoyed. Eternal principles are lived by those who have pledged themselves to sell all for the ' priceless pearl' ; and a relationship is thus formed which robs death of its sting, and the grave of its victory. And by united efforts a second temple is reared whose doors are open to all true worshipers of the living God. Catharine Allen, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.