BEAUTIFUL EXAMPLE ' When ye are reviled, revile not again,' was the teaching of the Divinely Anointed Jesus. How nobly he exemplified the spirit of forgiveness in his own life and character! When his persecutors afflicted him and filled his soul with anguish (as far as they had the power), and made his pathway thorny and difficult to travel, he did not retaliate nor seek to harm them, neither did he feel bitterness of spirit toward his enemies. When he knew that the crucifix awaited him, and the hour drew nigh when his body would thereon be suspended, and his disciples whom he had loved, blessed and comforted, AND SHAKEEES8. had, through fear of ruthless foes, denied or forsaken him, how beautiful were his soul- breathings, when he said, referring to his persecutors, ' Father, forgive them; they know not what they do 1 Was not that a manifestation of love toward his enemies that was not of the world 1 They mocked him—smote and spit upon him—and crowned him with thorns ; but all this did not move him to anger. With faith unwavering to the last he meekly bowed in resignation, and in sweet, deep-toned accents, said, ' Father, into thy hands I commend my spirit!' Would that all who profess the Christian name, follow his example ; and strive to be like the pattern—like the first born Christian in regard to the principle of forgiveness. He took hold of Justice with one hand, and of Mercy with the other, and prayed, ' Forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors.' As we forgive men who trespass against us, so will our Heavenly Father and Mother forgive us, when we trespass upon the laws of God. If people would repeat, what is called 'the Lord's prayer,' understanding]y, and make it effectual by living it, what a change would be wrought in society ! Without a practical application, it is worthless. The S. and S. is a small organ, but large enough to convey messages of truth. And we earnestly desire that it may be a fearless exponent of error, all that is false, and at the same time bear marks of true love, charity and Christian benevolence. May it be like a snow white dove, Winging its way from sea to sea, Bearing the blessed balm of love, Breathing good Will and charity. Martha A. Burger, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.