TWO EDGED SWORD Judgment shall begin at the house of God. And if its inhabitants scarcely be saved, where shall the sinner and ungodly appear, who are without God and hope of salvation, in the world 1 So far as any, who are numbered with the people of God, are slaves to perverted appe- tites — physical sins — either willfully, or through ignorance, will they be under the curse — bondage to sickness and diseases. Staying ourselves upon the Lord, aa his peculiar people, the time has fully come — the trumpet of the second degree of Gospel travel begins to sound, calling us away from all bondage and slavery, to any of the lusts of the flesh and mind. As a body, we must, by devotedness and perseverance, stand, like a rock in the ocean, against the flood of stimulating beverages, whether in the form of drinks or medical tinctures, as dragon's blood, No. 6, or of cordials, that prepare for the use of opium and other poisonous narcotics. These are not incentives to duty, nor do they prepare souls for the true service of God. Is it not a singular hallucination of the mind, that leads professing Christians to seek pleasure in unrighteousness — in the use of things, destructive of perfect health ? When Jesus said, ' Except a man forsake all that he hath,' did it not include the hankering arising from his adulterated nature — abnormal appetites in food and drink, and drugs and doses ? Nature, as God created it, would preserve every faculty, desire and feeling, of body and mind, in perfect unison with the spirit of God — the Law of use. The result would be order, decorum, in all things, temporal and spiritual, in the new creation. Why should there be physical infirmity as the product of physiological sin, any more than there should be condemnation of soul — remorse of conscience — as the effect of spiritual transgressions ? Nature and God are in harmony, as are science and religion. When there is a testimony against this, or that, as being natural, it is perverted nature; or it is that something, properly pertaining to one order, is intruded into another, and more spiritual order. Let God be true, and truly acknowledged, if it prove every man and woman to be, by some ungodly habit, as a limb out of its joint and socket. God is no respecter of persons, and that which is hygienically wrong will create disease in the saint, as in the sinner — in the Shaker, as in the Presbyterian. As are the penalties for physical and physiological sins, in the one, so are they in the other. Where much is given, much is required. Of all the people in Christendom, you have I known ; therefore will I punish you for your bodily iniquities, even as I would have done for your soul errors. Now, as there begins to be some plainness of speech, in the Shaker and Shakeress, in relation to our own society sins, let us set the world an example of humility, by accepting the reproof of a friend, as better than the kiss of an enemy — until the sins of Zion shall be sought for, by friend and foe, and shall not be found — till the iniquities of foul air, bad cooking, improper food, uncleansed sewers, stopped-up drains, dirty water, mixed drinks, and the eating of physic, instead of food, shall be looked for — and there shall be none. dark Hayden, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. '* Set a mark upon all, who sigh and cry, because of the abominations that are done in J erusalem,' was the voice of the Christ Spirit, to the Prophet. Reformers see, intellectually, the errors of the present, and the truths of the future. Prophets see, spiritually, the sina of the saints of the existing church, which the increase of God, will remove. Reformers belong to the earthly order — Prophets, to the spiritual order. In each, there are two classes. One breeds divisions, makes innovations, incites insurrections and creates revolutions. They attempt to correct existing errors, in the interest of their own selfhood, using war as a means. It is the Devil reproving sin — and the Devil opposing, and oppressing the Reformer, and killing the Prophet — one Spirit. When that class of Reformers and Prophets conquer, they are defeated. The other class are in union with what ia. When they speak the word — the coming truth — it cuts both ways — cuts the Reformer, and the righteous, who need to be reformed— the Prophet, and the sinning saints, who will confess and forsake, in the light of the New Degree. Editor