Questions and answers at spiritual meetings, Doctor Samuel Maxwell, speaker and medium QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS AT SPIRITUAL MEETINGS, DOCTOR SAMUEL MAXWELL, SPEAKER AND MEDIUM A. Christ was a spirit, entirely independent of Jesus; was a spirit a thousand millions of years old — in existence long before this planet. He took charge of his medium, Jesus, the man, and manifested His power to the world through him. Q. Have you ever met that spirit, Christ ? A. I have never met Christ personally, because He is one of the grand old spirits, who has range of all the Spiritual worlds in space. His mission is of such a character, that He does but rarely come Himself to earth at all, or the rudimentary spiritual world, but works through agents or mediums, in these rudimentary Spirit-lands to carry out His work. His special work upon this planet is employing in the Spiritual world a vast combination of agencies to-day, to bring about this spiritualizing of our lives ; to inject into the external world, so much of the experiences, the beauty and glory of that other interior life, as can find lodgment and appropriation in the lives of men upon this earth. Q. Do the followers of Jesus usually meet Him personally? A. Jesus, that beautiful soul has passed on from the first Spirit-world. They do not ever meet Him, because all persons, when they escape from the material body, must first come to this nearest Spiritual belt, or of one which surrounds the planet, but can only rise through each one, as they are prepared by growth. Q. You frequently allude to our ' eternal Father,' will you explain who this is ? A. There is, my friend, a great want of expression—the Father and Mother, two principles united in oneness. The divine life is both Father and Mother, balanced precisely throughout infinite space. Every cubic inch of this Father and Mother life, full of its wisdom, full of its love, of its power, and with a completeness of consciousness that transcends the most perfect consciousness that ever has existed in the human soul. This is the ' All-Father,' as well as the 'All-Mother.' To this as it is manifested to our souls in their inmost depths, we all turn with divinest reverence, for this pure, this infinite love, the spiritual wisdom, is the fountain from which comes all life, all consciousness, all being. This to us is the truth. B. P. Journal.