OBEDIENCE ' For I am a man under authority having soldiers under me, and I say to this man, Go, and he goeth, and to another, Come, and he cometh, and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.' Matt, viii, 9. ' Obedience is the first duty of a soldier' are the opening words of the British Articles of War, a copy of which is put in the hands of every private soldier. War chieftains have ever been alive to the paramount importance of maintaining discipline amongst their followers. Without this nothing but defeat and dishonor could attend the movements of the best appointed army. To secure obedience the severest penalties are attached to the crime of insubordination, and mutiny is mercilessly stamped out. Earl St. Vincent was the most rigid of disciplinarians and, it is said, he infused the spirit of prompt obedience throughout the entire British navy, and thus raised its destructive efficiency to a standard unparalleled amongst other maritime powers. It is, indeed, the tritest truism, that the subjection of one to another is necessary to success in any and every undertaking requiring the association of individuals. This fact is recognized the world over, and to secure order and submission to authority, pains and penalties are called into requisition, experience teaching only too surely that, in the present hellish constitution of society, this is the only way of attaining the end in view. Withdraw the influence of fear, and anarchy would result; for pride, envy, malice and all the evil passions of human nature would conspire to make people rebel against even the best of governments. But in a millennial state of society, all will possess that strength of character and devotion to principle, which will enable them to govern themselves, and submit themselves to be governed. Already there exist individuals on this earth — but alas how few in number—who are thus devoted to principle, and consecrated to Truth ! Under the mild rule of the Gospel an appeal is made to the higher nature of human beings, and love induces that obedience which only fear commands in the world. This is a very simple and a very sure test of Gospel travail. Do love and devotion to principle procure that obedience from me that fear of punishment would in the world ? Just in proportion as they fail to do so, do I fall short of regeneration. Hewson Brown, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.