SELF-CONQUEST History declares that those nations who have lived the most luxuriously and voluptuously, after a few successive generations, have degenerated into mental and physical effeminacy, and lost their power to efficiently sway the national sceptre, or for self-government ; for what is true of nations, may be applied, with equal force to individuals, of whom fam- ilies, communities and nations are formed. Every act of unrestrained self-indulgence, lowers the moral tone, — debilitates the vital nervous forces — detracts from mentality— darkens spiritual perceptions, and merges the individual into abnormal conditions of slavish servitude to the low propensity—life. The powers and functions of our being, are for use, not abuse; and the action of the will, should be subservient to the higher moral law, which directs to lofty aims, and genuine purposes, in the exercise of all the faculties ; that happiness, not misery, may follow our deeds. The ten days of pleasure, spent on one of the loveliest isles of the ocean, by Seged, the Prince of Ethiopia, where the beauty and simplicity of nature could not fail to mock his regal grandeur, leaves a moral to the pleasure seeking world, that is worthy of consideration. All that wealth could procure — genius invent, and art produce—the charms of beauty — the gaiety of fashion — the liquid strains of music, mingled with the voice of mirth — the tippling of the social glass, and fullness of feasting, interspersed with the flattery of courtiers, and the pompous array of kingly power and dictation, failed to give satisfaction. At the close of each day's varied scenes, there remained some poignant sting to pierce his heart, and wound his conscience. He proved beyond a doubt that ' a man of pleasure is a man of pain.' The lowliest of his subjects were happier, in their humble situation, than was Seged in the midst of lavish indulgences. ' Vanity of vanities and vexation of spirit,' is the sum of human life, when happiness through the gratification of the senses is made the only object of pursuit. 'Deny thyself' — taught the sweet souled — self-conquered Nazarene. It was just this beautiful spirit of self-denial, that thwarted the tempter — crushed the hydra-headed monster — lust in every form — subdued gross appetites, leveled vain ambition, stifled avarice, and carried him up into the sublime realities of spiritual life. In his expanded soul-love for humanity, he said, ' If I be lifted up, I will draw all men unto me.' He would not lower his standard to come to them ; but whither he went, they might go. Through the same self-denial and self-sacrifice, they might ascend into the sphere of divine life and goodness, in which it was his delight to dwell. ' The joys of conquest, are the joys of man.' The wise of the earth have proved this beyond doubt. Sages, philosophers, and truthloving souls, in all ages, who have turned 'with disgust from the follies and evils of a worldly life, and have carried out their exalted ideal of a glorious, perfected life, have given evidence of the superior joys arising therefrom ; even though error was mingled with their religious asceticism. Many carried the idea to the ultra point of belief, that the body was an enemy to the soul. Yet the principle involved, of subjecting the inferior to the superior part of their being, was right; for they who bestow all their care and concern upon the outward, and seek physical enjoyment, regardless of the unfoldment of their higher natures and spiritual powers, are living for a low purpose. Self-conquest, is the price of lasting happiness,— the soul's seal of lasting bliss. True heroism is requisite to accomplish this great work. Not the brute force of base passion, by carnal weapons, but the firm immovable resolve of enthroned Reason and immortal Virtue. ' Self-discipline is the soul of the law,' said a Buddhist. And we add, It is the very soul of right living. The youth, who has moral courage when ripening into manhood or womanhood, in the flush and vigor of life, to strike out in the narrow path of self-culture and strict discipline in right educational prin- ciples, is on the royal road to unfading glory ; and will achieve greater success than the sons of ambition, who seek conquest through ignoble strife to win the perishable laurels of earthly fame. ' He who governs and conquers his own spirit, is mightier than he who taketh a city;' being conscious that they are perfecting a soul work that will create him, or her, in the image of Divinity, that shall command the respect of man, and win the plaudits of angels. If ' there was joy in heaven over one sinner that repented,' will there not be greater rejoicing over one, who, through self-denial, crucifies the nature whence sin proceeds ; and nobly rises above those elements 1 Beautiful were those words of wisdom and counsel, spoken long ago: ' Remember thy Creator in the days of thy youth, while the evil days come not, nor the years draw nigh, when thou shalt say, I have no pleasure in them.' Evil will surely follow those who willfully violate the laws of their being; for their deeds will cause them shame, and unless obliterated by confession and repentance, their sun of life will set in darkness ; while gladness cheers and sweetens the cup of life, as the self-conqueror moves on the homeward journey. Like the ' sweet influences of the Pleiades' the light of their memory shall be. Martha J. Anderson, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.