SHAKERESS: WARS A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS Why should we marvel that the spirit and element of war have out-lived the centuries of the past and are so rife to-day in all nations whether professedly civilized and Christianized or otherwise, when that spirit has been fostered, encouraged and glorified, by every succeeding generation, since the day that Cain Blew his brother ? And those who have accepted the Bible, as a whole, for the inspired word of God—that it is the Alpha and Omega of the Divine will to men—have taken shelter under the wings of the God of the Jews, when they have marked the pages of history with the blood of martyred heretics. And why should they be deemed culpable when the Hebrew God did justify and encourage war ? It would appear, from historic records, that many times he was General-in-chief of the armies of Israel, and used spiritualistic powers to crush and slay tens of thousands of men and helpless women and children. Should not mortals be commended for striving to be Godlike ? When we come down to the Christian era/we ask, How could the Jews, who were conscientiously tenacious of the Law, and were bound to and oy the traditions of their fathers —their kings and seers—be condemned for persecuting Jesus and his disciples who taught the Gospel? They believed in Moses, and knew tiiat God spake through him, and gave the code of laws and commandments which had sustained and guided their nation through centuries. Of Jesus, they said, 'as for this fellow, we know not from whence he is.' Moses taught, ' an eye for an eye—tooth for tooth.' Jesus said, ' resist not evil.' The Law said, ' Love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy.' Jesus said not so. Love your enemy—render good for evil. Instead of burning for burning — return blessing for cursing. This Gospel changed conditions radically. Let us hear a few of the declarations of the Lord God of the Jews. (We must confess that the moral sensibilities are shocked, and a cold chill creeps over us when we read the following) : ' If I whet my glittering sword, and my hand takes hold on j udgment, I will render vengeance to mine enemies, and reward them that hate me. I will send the teeth of beasts upon them, with the poison of serpents.' Again. ' The Lord will come with fire and chariots, like a whirlwind to render his anger with fury, and his rebuke with flames of fire. It is the day of the Lord's vengeance. Give them sorrow of heart—thy curse ;—persecute and destroy them in thy anger.' ' Thus saith the Lord God: Woe to the bloody city ! Heap on wood—kindle the fire— consume the flesh—spice it well, and let the bones be burnt.' Was there any thing perpetrated during the 'dark ages' more cruel and intolerant in perse- cuting the so-called 'Heretics' than the foregoing? Burning at the stake, the sword and gibbet —the rack and dungeon—and even surrendering human beings to wild beasts to be torn in pieces, could all find justification in the Jewish scriptures. Then how shall we find a solution of the matter. Shall we conclude that the old scriptures are annulled—no longer binding upon the subjects of the New Covenant— which teaches love in place of hate—mercy in lieu of vengeance ? Then we ask, Were those laws good and valid, in olden time ? If so, by whom were they given ? If, by the God of the Universe, why subject to change ? In this reasoning age, a Court of inquiry is called and an investigating Committee has already undertaken to find whether, after making all due allowance for mistranslations and interpolations, it be necessary to accept all the seeming absurdities and contradictions of the Scripture Records. Or if it be possible to harmonize the Scriptures with reason and common sense, as well as with the religious sentiments of the age in which we live. It is evident from all of Nature's works (which are but an outward expression of the interior spiritual forces of the unseen world) that it was not the design of the creative Powers to perfect the earth, or its inhabitants, by sudden organic changes and convulsive throes; but by gradual growth from one degree to another, as from infancy to mature manhood. It is but reasonable to conclude that tutelar divinities from time to time have been adapted to the condition of the people, and that as they progressed and were prepared for it, higher intelligences could find access to them. The tutelage depended upon the preparation of those over whom they were sent to preside. It is also very evident, that at times, the prophets of those days were visited and inspired by spirits of a high order, even from the inner heavens ; and they were caused to shadow forth in beautiful pictures, the glories of the coming ages, when their warring God should cease to rule—and their 'spears should be converted into pruning hooks, and their swords into plow-shares.' War is incompatible with true Christian principles, and never emanated from that God who is Wisdom and Love. It matters not whether religious frenzy, political strife, ambition, revenge, or jealousy be the moving cause, it is demoyiiac, and causes the fires of lust to burn in the souls and bodies of those who engage in it. Let every truth-lover unite in prayerful investigation, and seek for more light—more truth—and let new springs of life open, that we may drink therefrom and be renewed. Let old things, ideas, thoughts and feelings, — be analyzed and shaken, if need be, all that is good and true will remain. The windows of the soul should be open to let in the sunlight of Divine revelation and the inspirational breezes which come from the heavens; and when the angels sound the trumpet for an increase, let all who profess to be rising with Christ in the new life, on the resurrection plane, be ready to advance forward. We must remember that to the increase, in the subjects of Christ's kingdom, there will be no end.