MOTHERHOOD Who is a mother ? She. who strongly holds A little group of ties of kindred blood ; Whose dearest treasures are the hearts she folds, Whose one ambition is their joy, their good. Her deep, deep love, knows not the ebbing wave That wrecks the heart on life's dark treacherous tides; She takes the path that leadeth to the grave, If on it duty, to her loved, abides. Her self-forgetfulness is still the same, Affection prompts her ever helpful hand; From childhood's foible unto manhood's aim She, patient, suffers for that little band. Yet she is only like the brooding bird That spreads her breast against the coming storm, That trembles not, when thunders loud are heard, But, self-reliant, keeps her fledglings warm. From fierce gorilla, down to sightless mole, The female loves and cherishes her charge, Then cannot woman, with immortal soul, That narrow scope of motherhood enlarge? If she have children, they should bind her heart To sympathize with every child on earth ; To make all mothers' care of her's a part, And claim her hand to sow the seeds of worth. But if no little ones around her cling, Then is she free to toil where need is great, To gather orphans 'neath her sheltering wing, And be an angel in the way of fate. Yea, she whose mind may tread a path of stars, Whose aspirations heavenly circuits take, Shall pass, with seraphs, through all bolts and bars, 'Till fettered captives learn their chains to break, And wrongs, that now cry loudly unto God, Will sink in silence, and dissolve in air, When the weak victims that oppression trod, Shall rise to freedom, and develop there. No more will they the crystal goblet fill With crimson serpents to infest the brain ; No more will they the unborn infant kill, Nor blight its life with sin's corroding stain. And draining luxury (death's haughty aid), That slays with famine and with overflow, With false religion shall be lowly laid, Where cold oblivion's misty waters flow. When, mortals feel that God created them, In that grand ' image,' male and female too, Maternal love shall, like a diadem, Enwrap the soul and give it impulse new. Cecelia Devyr, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.