INVOCATION Our Heavenly Parents, we bow our hearts in humble acknowledgment of the manifold blessings we have received individually and collectively ! And we ask a continuance of divine favors ; the greatest of which is power to live truly—to be just to our own souls, and to all mankind. More especially do we render thanks that we live in a day and time when the Mother in Deity is revealed, as a co-worker with the Father. We have felt the power of love that emanates from her pure spirit. Now, souls are begotten and brought forth in the New Creation, bearing the image of the Heavenly. With the spiritual vision open, and with quickened understanding they are able to comprehend divine things ; and by putting an end to sinful works, the mystery, which gathers round and clings to false theologies, is finished. Our God, we not only ask a continuance of the light and power, that have been so freely and mercifully dispensed to us, but we ask an increase of the same, to enable us to live still nearer to the truth, that we may honor and glorify our Heavenly Parents, by doing their will on earth as it is done in the spheres of light, by those who have risen with Christ in the true resurrection, and stand upon a sea of glass, singing songs of joyful praises that they have gotten the perfect victory. By Divine assistance, we will renew our vows to endure the chastenings, which increasing light and truth may bring upon us, and place our all upon the altar of self-abnegation counting not the carnal life dear; but nerve ourselves to pass through the furnace, and not flinch, until we are refined from all that is earthly, and reflect the image that is heavenly. Thus, the Zion of God on earth will be a beacon light upon the hill of practical truth, that cannot be hid; but will give light to those who are in darkness, who have sought happiness in the broad road of sinful indulgence, and have never tasted the superior joys of a life consecrated to true principles. We ask a blessing upon all the nations of the earth. Visit the rulers of every land, and teach them justice ; how to render good for evil and blessing for cursing, that wars may cease to the ends of the earth; show them that it is far better for mortals, from the king to the peasant, to humble themselves in mercy than to be humbled in judgment. And especially, O Lord, do we ask, that a merciful visitation of conviction for wrong doing and repentance toward Thee, may rest upon our own nation. O, may the Spirit of Truth find a dwelling place in this land, that has hitherto been blessed above all others. If, in thy wisdom, O Lord, thou hast chosen America to be the home of the oppressed of other nations,—where freedom of conscience can be enjoyed—grant that it may also lead in the van of moral action, and religious truth. Eleanor Potter, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.