July 14, 1874 Orrin Shipman, Esteemed Friend : Your important letter, of the 6th instant, is in my possession. The tone and spirit of it are good. People may disagree in doctrinal matters, yet be one in spirit; or, they may be one in abstract ideas, and be diverse in spirit. 'Ye know not what spirit ye are of,' was the gentle rebuke of Jesus to his Disciples, who had forsaken all others, to follow him. You refer to a visit at Mt. Lebanon, some twenty-five years ago, and to the favorable impression made upon your mind, by individuals, and by our system. Among so many visitors and incidents, I do not recall that visit. After stating that you are Free Lovers, of the Woodhull &amp; Claflin school, you express a wish to fraternize with us, to the number of a few hundred, at least so far as our outward order — the temporal — goes. I infer, from the fearless, yet friendly tenor of your communication, that you are free-lovers from principle — a love of truth — and not for other supposed additional indulgence attending the practice of your ideas. That, in fact, begging the question that Shakers are right, and free-lovers wrong, per se, it is, with you, more a matter of misunderstanding, than of love for unrighteousness — of confusion of ideas, arising from the admixture of truthful principles that appertain to two distinct orders — two discrete degrees. This causes both your agreement and disagreement with the Shakers. In a word, the Shakers, with their asceticism, have more charity for, and do better understand free-lovers, than do orthodox sectarians, whose actual lives approximate much nearer to free-love sensualists, than they would care to have the world know or think. Is it not an indisputable fact, that the popular idea of marriage, is that of a license, granted, by the respective parents, to the Bride and Bridegroom, for them to live in fornication, without public reproach or private condemnation ? The Church and State authorities sanction this license — make it legal, and churched — and the neighbors silently ac- quiesce. Fruitf ulness in this union in sensuality, is evidence of nature's vitality. The law of nature — copulation for offspring only, being wholly ignored. Shakers regard this as the ' agreement with hell, and covenant with death.' It is now being annulled by both classes of free-lovers — one class substituting general promiscuity, thus making bad worse. The other class talk of scientific propagation. The shakers discover no practical difference. Both are alike obnoxious to censure, from those in the New Earth and the New Heavens. Two manners of people exist—two discrete degrees of life and progress — a Propagating order and a Resurrection order. To the hosts of embryonic beings, existing in the world that lies between conception, and birth, the varying scenes of time and sense experienced by the army of children who have been born, live, move and have their being in the outer world, are incomprehensible. When, by evolution, these latter have become generative men and women, the scenes of life, in the Resurrection order are, to them, equally incomprehensible. Of it Jesus spake, when He said, ' I have meat to eat, that ye know not of,' in ' that world, and the resurrection from the dead.' As a type of resurrected souls, the first — Jesus — was continually teaching others, what He knew they could not then understand. But, in the last day when they would be begotten again, into the kingdom of heaven, and be born again, into the kingdom of God, all things that He had said unto them would come to their remembrance. If I have made my premises plain, so he, who reads, may run, the conclusions will be easily apprehended. Your complaint is, that you cannot affiliate with the selfishness, the craft, the dishonesty, the untruthfulness — the total falsity of the world, as it is. Judging the tree by its fruit — the system by its effects, you condemn it. In that, your class of Free-Lovers and the Shakers agree. You want a harmonious home, based upon science — social science — where you can live simple, plain, intellectual, progressive, virtuous lives. That is just what the individuals, who have built up Shaker societies, wanted, and what they have found, or, rather, achieved. It has been done by forsaking all appertaining to the propagative order — natural relationships, arising from birth, and culminating in marriages; together with selfish property rights and duties, culminating in monopoly of life elements, which generate class distinctions and devastating wars. Woman can never be free until liberated from physical maternity. Hence, as she feels the influences, coming from the Resurrection order — 'the Law, going forth from Zion,' of the equality of the sexes, possible in the spiritual order only, she fights maternity — she frets and chafes under its burdens and its restricting duties. Then she kills and destroys what the legal lustful free-lover has not destroyed and killed by his brute powers and uribrutal passions. You ask why we cannot open our doors and take you in, as simple free-lovers, who desire scientific propagation, while those, among you, who may prefer, like the Shakers, to live pure, holy, celibate lives, have liberty so to do. An important question, which I desire to answer logically, not intending the least disrespect to the questioner. Suppose a pack of wolves, who live upon mutton, should thus address a flock of sheep : ' God and Nature made us wolves and sheep and endowed us with all our faculties, powers, passions and appetites — both communities — the pack and the flock — recognize one common Creator, who is good. Why can we not fraternize and live in love and peace together ? True, we are roving and unhappy, but, it is because we have not, like you, a home, a fold and kind shepherd, who protects and provides. We do not wish to do any thing wrong, or unnatural — any thing we ought not to do. Let us be good and fraternize together. We mean no more harm in eating mutton, than you do in cropping the grass and the flowers of the field. Lay aside your exclusiveness — be liberal — noble. Let us all live in one fold — each party carrying out a line, according to our inherent rights, observing the organic laws of our beings. This will be to the honor of our common Creator, and the mutual happiness of each other.' Can the leopard change his spots, or the wolf his tastes ? Will they eat grass, like the ox and lamb ? Or would the pack of wolves refrain, when hungry, from devouring the silly sheep, who had opened the door of their fold and admitted them in? Judge ye, of your own selves, what is reasonable. Can two walk together, except they be agreed? And if the Israelites were so taught the law of separation, that they were not willing to sow divers kinds of seed together, nor, by generation to mix the blood of dif- ferent species of animals, nor their own, by intermarrying with Gentiles, nor even to wear linsey-wolsy garments, how much more should the children of this world, who ' marry and are given in marriage, be separated from the children of the Resurrection Order, who, like Jesus, live pure, holy, celibate lives ? Are you not like fish, who are dissatisfied 68 SHAKER A.ND with the water, and yet would surely die upon the land ? If those waters have become muddy — land and water mingled — is it not because the law of separation has been violated, and the waters have not obeyed the command : ' Hitherto shalt thou come, and no further 1' This creates amphibious creatures, in the earth. And the Revelator saw unclean spirits, like frogs — amphibious — come out of the mouth of the false prophet, and out of the mouth of the beast and of his image.' Out of church and state — flesh and spirit — organizationsBabylon means mixture. It is the continued attempt to mingle generation and regeneration together. Such is Christendom. And now, that a Second Christian Church has been in existence for nearly one hundred years, you propose for it to lapse back into Quakerism, from whence it arose. Upon due consideration, do you think the extinction of our order would be a blessing ? A Shaker is one who holds that true marriage has an order of its own — that a New Earth will arise, fulfilling the ideal of the most enlightened, scientific rationalists, like yourselves. In it all earthly good will be gathered, Poverty, War, Prostitution, legal and illegal, and disease will be supplanted by Plenty, Peace, Chastity, Health. The equality of the sexes will be established and secured, and cooperation—not community — become universal. The New Heaven, or Spiritual Order — the Church — will be distinct and entirely separate from the civil government of the Natural Order — the New Earth — and will derive its authority, through Divine Revelation, from the Christ, or Resurrection Heavens. ' There will be no more sea,' or Church and State governments. Trusting that the kindly tone and spirit of your letter are preserved in this communication, I submit it to the crucible of your rationalistic, spiritualistic, intuitional and revelational powers. May the very spirit of truth possess us increasingly, to the glory of God, and the good of humanity. F. W. Evans