THEOLOGICAL TREASURY Salvation. Heavens — happiness, unalloyed, never-ending, is the ultimate of all human aspiration. To be at rest in Jesus, is the hoped for sum total of tenets, inculcated by any and all persuasions. The word Salvation acts upon the mind, as does the word door, when the door opens, admitting us to palatial scenes. Salvavation, too commonly conveys, to the general mind, the erroneous idea, that the punishment for sin,is,in some way, to be avoided; while the continuance of sinful practices may be indefinitely prolonged. To obtain salvation, as we receive rain and sunshine — gratuitously — is the expectation of millions. Contrast the numbers who want to be saved from the consequences of their sins, with those who want to be saved from all sinful indulgences. Contrast the multitudes who are will- ing to bear the cross and share the glory of Angelhood, sometime in the future, with the few who are making, for themselves, Angel characters now, by bearing the Gross, as did Jesus, against all sinful practices — and what do we find ? ' Straight is the gate.' Going back on the record, they that find Life, are few. We reverently hope for a better record of the future. It is reasonable to suppose, that the oft-expressed desire ' to be saved from my sins,' would more generally express the truth, if worded, ' to be saved IN my sins; ' and probably, there is no other instance in all Bible reading, where these two prepositions, express the possible and impossible more truly. If saved at all, it will be away, apart from our sins ; but never in them, nor while loving to practice sin. While the millions express their anxiety for salvation, but few wish their fleshly lusts and worldly ambitions disturbed ; and if salvation means annihilation to the pride of life, and to the general catalogue of lusts, then, the number desiring salvation is reduced to a decimal. Christ came to save people from their sins, by the gospel of self-denial — taste not, touch not, handle not. But the doctrine of salvation by faith alone, ' is the ignis fatuus of theology, that never yet has been realized — it is imaginary. It promises a heaven without a cross; and immediate change from a life of fleshly lusts into one of angel purity— a road so easy into eternal felicity, that not one idol needs be burned, nor one base habit nor indul- gence changed, no matter how earthly, sensual or devilish ! Oh, beautiful theory, how many myriads hast thou thrilled with enchanting lays — oh, beautiful spider's web, how many human flies hast thou ensnared to their utter deception ! What the world needs most, is salvation from sin, to-day — self-denial; total abstinence from human lusts. All the theolo- gies extant, have been unable to give proof of salvation, equaling the internal evidences of a humble, true-hearted, travailing soul. And there is hope for the world, that mankind are outgrowing the bondage of popular pulpit dogmas. Strive as may the established theologies of our day, to seal the lips and blind the eyes of living souls, the truth of the present necessity of practical salvation, is working a grand convincing commotion in the hearts of the people. Christians do not sin — they are saved from the necessity of sinning ; and the idea that we are all sinners and must remain so, is the second greatest lie of the devil, the first being' Thou shalt not surely die !' We feel a supreme pity for those whited sepulchres, who preach and pray, year in and out, of their being miserable sinners. Let them take up the cross, of him whom they profess to love ; and so, living will be an every day antagonism to sinful life, and an increasing salvation from the very thoughts of sin. Jesus, born with a sinful nature, just like the rest of humanity, did, by laboring, strug- gling and wrestling with the adversary of all good, progress to a point beyond the power of temptation, and was saved from day to day. He stands to-d-ay an evidence that we too may enjoy the same blissful fruition. Through the same struggles for salvation, must we all pass, or miss the prize. Our pattern — Jesus — became the way, the truth and the life unto all Christians. And when we walk that way, learn that truth and live that life, we shall experience the saving power of his gospel, and not only know that we are saved, but know of the means by which our salvation is accomplished ; and be able to impart the same power to others. It was an ingenious device, of Luther, to have the 'just saved by faith alone;' and this is the desideratum of lazy, sin-loving hypocrites, who want to enter heaven without earning their right there; who want Paradise brought to them, without their own exertions. But ' faith, without works is dead,' and will work ' death unto death,' not salvation. Let cunning speculators, in theology, continue to blindly lead the blind ; twist the truths of scripture with anti-conscientious legerdemain ; to pamper the appetites of travelers on the broad road ; let them speak as is pleasing and encouraging to carnal understandings, and receive therefor, the applause of the multitude; and then, we make them welcome to their rewards, when God distributes justice. Elder G. A. Lomas, Watervliet, N. Y.