Dear Sister Antoinette : Friend F. W. Evans recommended me to write to you, dear sister, and gladly I avail myself of the opportunity. 'Write just as you feel,' he said ; but my heart is so full I hardly know where to begin. That good man (F. W. E.) wrote such a beautiful reply to my first letter of inquiry — and sent me papers — then, when lie came to the city, he called to see me ; and I feel very grateful for such kindness. I believe he represents numbers who are like himself. Well, I feel, dear sister, that my greatest need at present, is to be a silent listener to your teaching. Friend Evans has done me more good than all the teachers, doctors and nurses, I ever had in my life. He swept through the old and new testament, from the beginning of Genesis, to the end of Revelation— and set it before me in a bran new dress — common sense. After he left, I fished up my poor little bible, that was banished several years ago to the bottom of a ' Saratoga ' trunk ; and with unfeigned humility asked its pardon. Now, I will read — think and think : — by and by I will come to some thing, that will neither clear away, nor let me pass. Then, may I come to you for instruction dear sister ? I shall soon have to enter my profession again, and shall feel so much stronger under the influence of your love. I will hurry, and finish my work here — and then — if you all think best — 'come home.' 0 how those words inspired me! I hope my brain is safely through — done forever with the molting condition — and that this new crop of feathering ideas, under sound Shaker nourishment, may grow up into strong, useful quills. I believe there are many right here in this very city, who are starving for just such food as Elder Evans gave me yesterday ! how much I wished, when he was talking, that the room could have been filled with appreciative listeners ! How are they to be reached ? for that class seldom speak their minds — they see nothing to satisfy their souls — and they sink in despair! A young, and beautiful girl, started with me in the career of life, whose brilliant future was prophesied by all who knew her; and whose untimely death was caused, without a doubt, by her utter abhorrence of the poisonous materialism with which she was surrounded. Her last words to me were ' I am going where I shall have less trouble in making myself understood; and if you love me, bid me Godspeed.' It is easy to understand what a ' Pearl of great price ' Shakerism would have been to her, and it is sad to reflect, how many are lost for the want of true knowledge. But I have encroached too much upon your time, and must bring my letter to a close. Please remember me kindly — and in Celtic phrase, I will say to all those under the immediate sunshine of your blessed faith—'May your shadows never grow less.' Affectionately yours, K. S.