SOCIAL GATHERING On the 19th August, we, the Gathering Order of Mt. Lebanon Shakers, held, for the seventeenth time, our annual social union meeting — never once having failed for want of weather. Not only have we had weather enough, but it has been, as on this occasion, simply perfect. Whether this has happened to be so by chance, or has occurred under Law, and by design of interested parties in the two worlds, is an open question. One hundred and fourteen were on the ground. All enjoyed the occasion, without a drawback. Dialogues, in which from four to seven took part, were enacted. Short speeches were delivered by many. Over fifty original articles and treatises were read, mostly by the writers. It was a foretaste of Heaven. The general feeling was, by a young sister, thus expressed: 'I do not believe there ever was, since the world was made, any thing quite so good as our Annual Social Gathering.' Meetings should be times of religious confidence among those who assemble — the interior soul feelings coming from the heavens, grounded in the conscience, can then find confession and expression. If the meetings of natural men and women are free, in the mutual confidence of a common sensuality, to those therein immersed, how much more free should be the meeting of souls, in the God element, for spiritual iudgment and mutual elevation. How sacred should such occasions be held, and all things therewith connected. The proper use of secretiveness is to conceal those things that are too good to be communicated — not common. A true, religious meeting is a prophesy of union, in a permanent, spiritually religious life — a meeting that will never break up. When that high order is attained, the past will become the present, and the present will be eternity. The loves and affections will have become spiritualized. We shall have found real fathers and mothers, brothers and sisters — Gospel relations, who will be as unchangeable as truth, as kind and loving as their Father and Mother — God.