THE SITUATION Never did the theological world, present the appearance of ' choose ye this day whom ye will serve,' more than the present time. At no period, since the Reformation, have there been as many departures from the so-called orthodoxies as now ; nor so few successes for the churches, that arraign their heretics, as since the beginning of the last half of the nineteenth century. That there is a leaven hidden in the earth, that is working mischief with man-made creeds and unsavory dogmas, is apparent to the dullest comprehension ; and that this leaven is making Babylon, worse confounded, in the social and religious circles of the earthly order, is cogent, even to the minds of those, not given to reflection. Infidelity in the efficacy of infant baptism: incredulity to infallibility ; tendency to the confessional, and the preference of good works before good faith, are but drops before the shower, that will lead to many followers of the recent apostates, of these, and many similar pre-supposed, infallible theological enactments. The expulsion of one Hyacinthe, is only the rearing of the standard of a new departure, that has more followers than tongue can tell. The ' Swing ' recently enacted at Chicago, with procedures there, of the same character, not long ago, will be followed by hundreds of cases more defiant than these; should the Churches accept the challenge, which the gospel of common sense seems daily multiplying, as with arithmetical progression. The arraignment of a Cuyler, for recognizing that woman is equally a saviour with man; and that it is only heathenish, and worse, to fail of acknowledging that God is as much female as male; and the employment of Smiley and her Sisters, are making this proclamation a home-thrust, in thousands of hearts, where, by no other agency, could it possibly enter. This arraignment is one of the largest blessings in disguise — the sprouting of a truth, in a new field, that ' will not down ' at the bidding of all the Churches combined. God be praised, and blessed be Cuyler ! The scare of the Elmira Congregationalists, as given by their noble pastor, in the advocacy of oral confession, comes in for a share of our admiration, and is a notable ' straw' that indicates the inclination of the ' situation,' as being more towards Christianity, than towards Romanism. And to this Beecher, of Elmira, is credited the advice to his Brooklyn Brother, of ' preaching less philosophy, and practicing more Christianity.' No ' sorrow ' would follow such action. The union, of the ' old and new ' schools, has its significance, that points to less hair-splitting theology, and more real philanthropy. The universal admission that Presbyterians and Universalists are nearer, and more loving neighbors, bears evidence of the fact that predestination, foreordination, and total depravity, will eventually lie in one common grave. What means the departure from entire reliance on the vicarious atonement theory ? a declension in Methodistic mummery of leaving the whole debt for Jesus to pay ; and the more prevalent demand for good works, than for good faith ? Not one Wesleyan in ten, now clings to the atonement, with the confidence and tenacity of thirty years ago! Can we pass by the revolt against the mili- tary drill in the Colleges, as having no significance upon the religious situation ? And the general desire of the nation, as expressed through its representatives, to reduce its army and navy ; does this arise from its financial situation, or from the advanced ground of moral necessity ? What means the iconoclasm of English, German and Italian States, with others, against their union with the Church ? What happiness may we feel, that God, through the people, refuses the admission of his or her name, or that of Jesus Christ, Ann Lee, Virgin Mary, the Methodist, or any other Church within the constitution of these United States ! And following the progress of truth, when should we stop ? The Second Adventists and thousands of others, have thankfully lost hope in a physical resurrection, after death. Spiritualists are learning that spiritualism is no more of a salvation to them, than is the cast-off faith of the blood of Jesus. Men and women of all denominations are learning that they are sinners ; and that there is no way out of sin, except by a self-denying repentance, that stops their sinning ; and good works are at a higher premium, even outside of religious denominations, than is the most popular persuasion, without good works. The primitive Christian Church, is brought into better repute, in these days, than for hundreds of years in the past; and a demand for its repetition, as a Christian necessity, is now more easily evoked than for ages. Churches are admitting the great disparity of brotherhood, between the first Christian Church, and the popular so-called Churches of to-day ; and reforms are already numerous. The multitudes recognize great departure in their lives — however good members of popular Churches they may be — from the life Jesus lived ; the life his disciples lived in that day, after their conversion ; and the life which his followers — Christians — are only justified in living to-day. Upon reviewing the situation, I am more than satisfied that the progress is in the right direction; and that in the life and works of humble, but unpopular Christianity, the Shaker saints, in their heavens upon earth, are still the Vanguard. Elder G. A. Lomas, Watervliet, N. Y.