CORRESPONDENCE Pleasant Hill, Ky., July 28,1874 Dear Christian Brother — For the letter you wrote me two weeks ago, I am thankful: and as I am in doubt as to duty on one, if not two points, please advise me. First — Can I consistently unite without fully believing in the dual and sexual nature of God; or the inspiration, or Motherhood of Ann Lee ? Her practical good, in the line of progress, I gratefully accept, as I do yours and other Reformers.' The celibacy, communism in property, anti-war, fashion, style and cast of your societies — including equality of the sexes — have been my principles for years, excepting the first, which I now accept. But to the ' sacred roll and book ' I demur. It may be even so, but as I am careful, and possibly slow to prove all things, it is not yet so proven to my mind as to command belief. Second — If I ought to unite, should I stay here or go to you ? As a visitor I came hither one week ago. As you know, the location is favorable, the more aged members industrious, frugal, and in all substantial s worthy ; and yet Conservative. Whereto they have attained, they literally walk by the same rule : not forgetting things behind, nor reaching forth to any new things before. I must reform and progress. They, especially Paulina Bryant, Chief Eldress, and all sisters including the children, are urging me to abide, and influence my wife and two daughters to come. With your people I know there is more congeniality and enjoyment. Here, more need of my work. Can it be done ? Will they hear, or even forbear? May they—the Elders — not go so far as to forbid my efforts to reform ? For their work hands and visitors they cook poTk, lard, tea and coffee and other unclean things — using, themselves, these bad drinks — and raising swine on one part of their grounds — the mill. I fear they are sliding back to the world, in eating, drinking and drugging. Progress, in science — practical facts in God's works—they ignore, save four or five members. Can I be blessed with the wisdom of the serpent and harmlessness of the dove, sufficient to persuade them onwards and upwards ? The few minds, here, in sympathy with progress, discourage the hope yet wish me to stay. Their property, worth near half a million, united with their great cause of human purity, is too much to be lost. But their agriculture, horticulture, house-keeping, hygiene, and in a word, all, needs improvement. Ought I, the least of all saints, to try in my humble way? I enclose a testimonial as to a little of what I have done, and send you a copy of my treatise, years ago on suffrage. In the confidence of a Christian Brother, I hope to receive your advice. They have extended, to me, the utmost kindness, and heard me, for twenty minutes, last Sabbath; but seem to fear widening from the old paths, not to say ruts. By no means would I change a jot of the first genuine faith; but desire to learn all the useful our Father has for us, in A.3STD these latter days. As I expect to remain a week, or ten days longer, please write me here. With due esteem and Christian regard, I am your unworthy Brother, Have Dr. Trail's diploma, have treated sick for fifteen or twenty years, and lost but one patient, and he because he left my prescription. ----W. P. W. Perkins Mt. Lebanon, July 31, 1874 W. Perkins, Dear Friend—Your letter of 28th inst. is at hand. You ask if you can, ' consistently, unite, without fully believing in the duality and sexuality of God, and in the inspiration and motherhood of Ann Lee.' Jesus asked the questioners, in his day — 'How can ye believe, who seek honor, one of another ? ' If any man will do the works, he shall know and understand the doctrine. The physical, moral and spiritual state, of a person, determines his or her power or capacity of belief. We have, in our family, a person, who was obedient to and observant of the rules of the family, for about a year, before he traveled to deep, spiritual, religious conviction of sin; and believed, with all his heart, the doctrines of our system. I have been under the influence of the system, some forty-four years, and its principles and beautiful doctrines were never so brightly expanding, enlarging and absorbingly interesting, as at this present time. I would believe, because I could not help it; practice, because I could not, conscientiously, do otherwise — would preach it for the love of humanity, if left, like Elijah, all alone. / have life in myself. The fruit of the Gospel tree attracts you to it. If you come as a little child — a learner — you will gather to and respect those who have done the works; but who do not yet fully know of the increase of the Gospel doc- trines. If, in them, there be any love of self, any lack of self denial, that the increasing testimony— the second thunder — would take cognizance of, new comers have need of patience, until such as have been, for so many years, doing the will of God, in obeying the testimony of the first Gospel degree — the first thunder — shall receive their reward, which will be power to 'increase with the increase of God.' ' To as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the Sons of God and Daughters of God.' That was the pay they received. It will be so with the old Believers —genuine Shakers. You need the Gospel that they have lived. They need the increase that you see, but have not yet lived. You can well afford to bear with them, if they can bear with you. You should not rebel against them because of the truths they do not yet practice. And they, in the Christ spirit, can do nothing against the truths, you see, but cannot reduce to practice until you do the first works which they have done — confess and forsake all the sins you see in yourself, and hate the flesh. Hate your own generative life, with all the relations growing out of it, without hating your own person or hating any other persons. Fulfill all contracts, or legally dissolve them. Perform all duties that that order has created. I do not see how you can help believing in the duality of God — except from bad diet — for all things are dual. If you believe in God as the fountain from whence so many dual streams flow, 'believe also in me,' and with me, that God is and is dual. And so with the motherhood of Ann Lee. Why. she had four natural children, and she has thousands of spiritual children, yourself included. Will you deny her motherhood ? If you did not believe her inspiration, verbally, believe for her works' sake. But you do believe. Lord help your unbelief. As to the ' Sacred Roll' and ' Wisdom's Book,' some believers had as good a right to make fools of themselves, about two books, as the whole of Christendom had, to do so, for centuries, about one book which they had made. When the Israelites had made a calf of choice things, they worshiped it for a little while, until they became ashamed of themselves. After worshiping Jesus so long, what if we did worship Ann Lee for a season ? And after bowing down, for ages, to the idol King James set up — the Bible—what if we did bow down, for a few years, to two books, that ourselves had made? They contain almost as much good as the Protestant male book, and a great deal less evil. At least, they did represent duality. Under our anti-Christian education, when Spiritualism broke out among us, we mistook it for Keligion. In the beginning, what was supernatural was Divine and Holy. The In- struments were Angels, and the Spirits were the Lord God, Amen. Now we know the Spirits were no better than they should be, and that the Instruments were men and women, of like passions, subject to the same infirmities as our poor selves. That is all. A word to the wise, who discern the principle, is sufficient. As to your remaining there, or coming here, it is only a question whether you will be an affliction and an infliction to Pleasant Hill, or to Mt. Lebanon. Some body will have to suffer many things on your account before you become identified with the institution — flesh of its flesh and bone of its bone — for, until you 'eat my flesh and drink my blood,' said Jesus, you will have no part with me. That means suffering. It means a baptism of the Christ Spirit, and all the gifts and graces flowing from obedience — spiritual obedience. You ask my advice, as a Christian Brother, and in a rough, off hand way, I give it. But I love you, have been pleased with the feeling and sphere of your letters. As you have found a certain relation to Pleasant Hill and its ruling Elders, I prefer to let them ' advise ' as to your location of settlement. Wherever you can receive, from the Institution, the most good and be the most benefited, personally, you will do the most good. Fraternally, F. W. Evans There never was a great man unless through divine inspiration There never was a great man unless through divine inspiration. Cicero SHAKER CENTENNIAL Mt . Lebanon, August 6, 1874. Beloved J. M. Peebles : Your last, from New York, is under my eye. If any thing I write comforts or strengthens you in your life work as a Christ Prophet — a diffuser of light and purity — life from the inner Heavens — I am ''glad, and rejoice,' I live to be and do good. One hundred years ago, to-day, Mother Ann Lee and her little band landed in New York, on Sabbath eve. They were in a new world, having fled from the face of the monster, blasphemously calling itself the Church of Christ — the Episcopalian Church of Old England — a powerful Hierarchy which was forever pointing the poor of the earth to the heavens, there to behold a crucified Jesus, standing, with pierced hands and feet and bleeding side, pleading for those whom they, the priests, had robbed of their inheritance in the land; and then employed press-gangs to force them into the English armies and navies to fight for their God and King, whom, in their hearts, they cursed, and looked upwards to see if there were not better Gods and beings, than their God and King. In the ' Beecher-Tilton scandal,' there is more than the public or even your own dear self may imagine. It is not persons, but principles and systems. It means Babylon. Generation and Chris- tianity mixed, God, not man, is in it. It is the judgment of Protestanism in America, even as Catholicism is being judged in Europe. Does not Europe possess her infallible Pope ? And does not America possess an image of that infallible Pope, in every one of her great, popular preachers and leaders? War 'the Bible and Sharp's Rifles,' are component parts of Protestantism as of Catholicism. How long since Church and State Clergy were slave holders ? Some being slaves and Christian ministers too. It is judgment day. The revelation of the Christ Spirits is, increasingly, brighter and brighter. The Christ Angels do often obsess the public men, like T. K. Beecher, Chapin, Chever, Tyng and H. W. Beecher, and corresponding leading women. And in the ' fervent heat' of their inspiration, cause them to forget themselves, and to utter sentiments and advance ideas, consistent only with Shaker theology. This creates confusion in their own minds, and great incongruity between their life conduct and their preaching is the result. Not that they, as men and women, are 'sinners above all others.' But being quickened by Christ Angels, and their spiritual powers developed, they are capable of sinning beyond the power of the unbaptised. If their light be turned to darkness — to do evil — how great the darkness ! And how transcendant the evil!! When the seven plagues are fulfilled in Babylon, and the seven devils — of which the prostitution of the reproductive powers is chief— are cast out, war and poverty will not be. The noble, cultivated powers and faculties of our intellectual giants and giantSHAKEEESS. 75 76 8HAKEK esses, will be left free for the service of Heavenly Ministering Angels, who are hovering — brooding — over the whole of Babylon — Catholic, Greek and Protestant. And their rest from self serving, will be glorious. Eepentant Peter— the symbol of Rome, which has denied and crucified the true Christ for 1,260 years — 'will become their Father. And Mary Magdalen—the symbol of Protestantism—-will be their Mother. Babylon — Flesh and Spirit Order — is fallen — is fallen — before the Angel of Spiritualism, and Harvesting Angels follow on to attend unto, and cut down the wheat and tares, which are so inextricably mixed and interblended, that none other than Christ Spirits could or would do any thing with them. Such as call upon the name — character— of true Shakers, will be saved. For in Christ's second appearing, there is salvation from the ' sins of the world,' that are, even now, ' accusing the Saints of G-od day and night continually.' And swamping the fieshmongering amphibious Christians — Priests and People — in Pilgrim's Slough of Despond. Write and tell me you will be, in spirit, if not in body, at our social gathering. Fraternally, F. W. Evans AS YOU SOW, SO WILL YOU REAP The man who undertakes to live two lives will find that he is living but one, and that one is a life of deception. Causes will be true to their effects. That which you sow &gt;ou will reap. If you live to the flesh, to the passions, to the corrupt inclinations, you may depend upon it that the fruit which is in store for you will be that which belongs to these things. There can be no doubt as to what your harvest will be. If you think that after your day's business is done you can shut the blinds and carry on your orgies in secret with your evil companions; if you think that you can serve the devil by night, and then go forth and look like a sweet and virtuous young man, that goes in the best society, and does not drink nor gamble, nor commit any vice, then the devil has his halter about your neck, and he leads you, the stupidest fool in all the crowd. You deceive nobody but yourself. There is an expression in your eyes that tells stories. Passions stain clear through. A man might as well expect to take nitrate of silver — whose nature is to turn him to a lead color—and not have the doctor know it, as to expect that he can form evil habits and pursue mischievous courses and not have it known It does not need a sheriff to search out and reveal the kind of life that you are living. Every law of God in nature is an officer after you. It does not require a court judge and jury to try and condemn you. All nature is a court room, and every principle thereof is a part of that court which tries and condemns you. Do not think that there can be such a monstrous misadjustment of affairs as that you can do this work of the devil and have the remuneration of an angel. — H. W. Beecher Canaan, Vt., August 12,1874 Elder F. W. Evans — My dear friend — Your kind favor of August 10, inviting me to be among you upon the occasion of your social gathering, was duly received. And, though against my heart's wishes, must say it will be impossible for me to be present, in body, owing to previous lecture engagements. But I promise to be with you in spirit and the fellowship of heart, which seeks the good of common humanity. Created social beings, it is eminently proper to occasionally meet and mingle upon the intellectual and spiritual planes of life for mutual benefit. Such seasons, comparable to oases, are highly enjoyable. Often do I mourn, because deprived (traveler and pilgrim as I am) of the privilege of oftener meeting congenial souls — those whose sympathies are aflame with reform; whose aspirations reach up to the heavens; whose natures have been quickened by baptismal fires, and who, standing upon the mount of vision, walk even now with the angels of the resurrection. The date of this assures you I am in Canaan, where lecturing upon spiritualism, and reflecting upon the signs of the times, there comes to me this old hymn: ' On Jordan's stormy banks I stand, and cast a wishful eye. To Canaan's fair and happy land, where my possessions lie.' The banks of mortal life are truly ' stormy ' and almost fainting by the way, we often cast ' wishful eyes ' toward spiritual Canaan the Zion of eternal peace and rest. Do we see alike the signs of the times ? The old theological heavens and the political earths are being rolled up like a scroll. The social world is in a terrible ferment. The devil seems let loose for a little season. Surely ' the judgment is set.' And yet, beyond present storms are lightning skies. God has not forsaken the world ; Christ angels are inviting ; the reapers have come and are thrusting in their sickles ; the chaff and stubble of fashions, forms and creeds, and man-made institutions, are being burned up by the unquenchable fires of eternal truth. The granite rock of righteousness is laid bare — and upon 'this rock,' with its seven thunders and seven steps of holiness, an order of society is being built, against which the gates of hell cannot prevail. Weary not, O brothers and sisters, ye are the first fruits, prophesies of the coming harvests. Upon your forehead the angels have written the word Faithful. The teachings of purity, peace, and ' all things in common,' are based upon the foundation of eternal truth and justice. They lead to heaven, to salvation, to-day; to the Zion of our God. I must come up to Mt. Lebanon — the New Jerusalem of the country and century — this fall. I recently had an excellent letter from Elder Eades, of South Union. He is rich in faith, and full of hope for the future. Remember me most kindly to all present — ' One family, we dwell in him — one church above, beneath.' My sincere prayer is, that God and good angels may bless you, one and all. Most cordially thine, J. M. Peebles