HALLOWED MOUNTAIN Blest mountain, I view thee with deep admiration! Thy lands are enchanting and lovely to me ; I've drank at thy fountains, and pass'd through thy burnings, I've wash'd in thy Jordan my soul to set free. Thou art the sweet home of my youthful enjoyments; Fond hopes and bright futures then center'd in thee; I bow'd at thy altars, the shrines of the living, And gain'd the protection that hath shielded me. Again I've ascended thy summit of beauty; I've sat at thy base in humility bow'd ; There pray'd to my heavenly father and mother, Lest I should be haughty, exalted or proud. How kindly they listen'd to humble entreaties— Those low earnest breathings that rise from the soul— They sent to me bread, by the hands of the angels And life giving water, which maketh all whole. When thy skies were darken'd with clouds of affliction, The flash of the lightning played fearfully'round; 0 then have I trembled, and sought for repentance — I've shudder'd and shrunk at the thunders deep sound! And when they were brighten'd with smiles more propitious — The bright-golden sunshine illumin'd the day — 1 drank the sweet dews that were falling from heaven, And gather'd rich flowers that grew on the way. How can I but love thee, fair mountain of glory I My heart has one aim, and my spirit one care; 'Tis ever to serve the Eternal who formed me And built on thy heights the great Temple of Pray'r! So glorious and holy are all thy surroundings, Here Seraphs of mercy and Cherubim rest, The Lord's house of honor and praise they are guarding, By myriads of shining immortals, 'tis blest. Here reigneth the King of the first resurrection, Revealing the means of salvation from sin; The Queen in her loveliness stands in the kingdom— They call to the sin-sick, O come, enter in ! And now, as I'm viewing thy vast elevation — Repeating the eulogies — sacred to thee, I think when a lone little wauderer in nature, How I was call'd hither thy glory to see. Jane Emily Smith, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.