MT. LEBANON SHAKERS [From the Albany Evening Times.] Mt. Lebanon Shakers, the largest and richest community of that peculiar class of people in the United States, with possibly one exception in the west. On my return I took the road which leads through the settlement, and stopped for a few moments chat with Elder Evans, the leading apostle of Shakerism of the present day. The neatness, plainness and regularity for which this people are proverbial were apparent in every detail. Even the ox carts lying idle under the sheds were arranged at exactly equal distances from one another, and their neaps were not allowed to point one hair's breadth to the right or the left. Elder Evans welcomed me with quiet hospitality, and invited me to dinner, which was prepared by one of the sisters, and was of plain, but wholesome abundance. I had but a few minutes to spare, and could not go over the place as I very much wished to. The number now in the community is about four hundred. Elder Evans said that the story, that the society was decreasing in numbers and would soon die out, was as old as the society itself. Shakerism, he said, was the ripened fruit of humanity, and if its believers dwindled in numbers, it was the fault of humanity and not of the system. Shakerism was as dependent upon the outside world as the apples upon the tree. If there was any falling off, it was on account of the low state of the religious sentiment in the world. He believed that a grand revival would take place ere long; the religious feeling would be quickened, and then Shakerism would be benefited thereby. The principles of communism and celibacy, he said, were adhered to by those who attained to the highest religious life among all people. They were found even among the Brahmins of India. He had recently been in communication with the leaders of the Mennonites, who are soon expected in this country. Among them was a class who believed as the Shakers did, and it had been suggested that on arriving here, they should unite with them, and such an arrangement seemed altogether probable. 'We are living,' said he, 'in the highest form of religious life yet attained to by mankind. Others have lived lives of chastity, but in monastic cells, or in the cloister. Here the sexes live together, yet apart. The result is that the passions are finally subdued, or the unsuccessful ones go out from among us and marry.' Regretting that I had no more time to spend with this remarkable philosopher, fanatic, saint, or what you will, and regretting still more that Shakers did not take summer boarders, I bid the Elder adieu and departed out of their coasts. Pitt