THE OLD WORLD DIES And what have we to do about it ? Why, to join with angel hands who are demolishing its corrupt but lingering institutions, political social and religious, for ' passing away ' is written on all effete institutions of the age. ' The yesterdays are gone. Let them go.' As the new born sun of righteousness peers in upon the pathway of the pure in heart, enabling them to ' see God ' and walk ' in the light of life,' the crude crutches of a limping faith in God, fall from their grasp. And as we see the erect living human temple — a soul arrayed in truth — walking in the garden of the Lord, and beckoning us on to Elysium, a healing inspiration thrills our being and makes us whole in faith that a power is about to be shed upon humanity, causing it to seek after God and Heaven ; a power that makes ' all tilings new and all things of God' in the new Earth and new Heavens. In inimitable music a new song bursts upon our souls, with our spirit eye we look down the aisles of time, of man-made churches and human creeds, and see the platforms of theological error being removed plank by plank. Delusions, as strongly set as the pyramids of the ages — delusions — which have been the arbiters of faith, the fruitful source of division in the churches called Christian, and the dominating rule in secular policies, severing the fraternal bonds of nations, and bathing them in blood — are being destroyed by angel hands. Shells of truth are being cracked, the kernel tasted; invigorated by its nourishment, God's agents are turning the old world of error and sin, upside down. The soul of institutions, political, social, moral and religious is being disrobed of garments that have deceived their votaries and the new born mind, and resurrected spirit, is discovering the motors that are moving humanity to day. The fulsome, hypocritical, selfish policies, that have organized and directed human governments, both mundane and religious, will be exhumed and exposed, their base purposes comprehended by the common mind, and truth, simple as the driving wheel of a velocipede, will be harnessed to the car of human progress, propelling it onward to the goal of God. Rays of light — the life examples of those who follow Christ are beaming upon the theological cloud —' mystery of Godliness ' — and it is found to be as simple as the two halves of an orange. The Christian's God is not a triple headed male monster, not the theologically created, baleful, vengeful tyrant who destroys human beings at his pleasure ; blesses and saves whom he will, and damns whom he pleases, without regard to good or evil deeds. God is, in esse, a bisexual being— the Heavenly Parentage of man. The Father revealed by Jesus, first born Heavenly Son. The mother, by Ann, first born Heavenly Daughter. Ann Lee, imitating Jesus, in practical life of Godliness, aided by the life of her children, establishes the fact of the Motherhood of God, even as did the life of Jesus, the Fatherhood. They twain reveal the ' new man' in Christ. Mediatorially the Divine will and purpose both for the ' new Earth and new Heaven' are vouchsafed to man. The first by the light of a burning bush, through the thundering Sinai, by commandments, etched on tables of stone, by a voice, through the ministration of angels. The latter, by a succession of ministering spirits, and by souls, redeemed from sin and wrong — the harvest of honest confession and repentance. Commencing with Jesus, then extending down, through male and female witnesses, who, by obedience, keep heavenly relation to the Divine Mind, until the testimony reaches the most debased human soul who may be resurrected and elevated to the Divine Life. Christianity, instead of being a mummy saint, eighteen hundred years old, dead in formulas, and smothered in ceremonies, without the life of God, wrapt about with a winding sheet of human creeds; embalmed by imputed righteousness ; encased in a petrified sarcophagus of the blood of Jesus, and healed of the wounds of sin by the stripes of a Judean thong, in its reappearing is discovered to be a character, new born, living, consisting of righteousness. Its vital currents pulsated in the veins of the baptized Jesus as by humiliation he learned obedience by the things he suffered, and became a ' son of God,' the same vitalizing spirit flows in the life currents of every true follower of Christ. By the light of this new born gospel day, Christian atonement, for humanity's ransom, is manifested by each individual on the altar of self denial, as did Jesus, Peter, Paul, Ann, and others. In fine, the mysterious cloudy creed of theological Christianity, called Catholic, with its posthumous salvation in sin, by death bed declaration of faith in Jesus' death; ita water baptisms for soul purifications ; its elections to salvation and damnation by Divine arbitration, without regard to works; its free grace redemptions without repentance of sin; its glorifications without righteousness ; its withering damnation by eternal punishment— without eternal sin ; its mysterious eucharist; its triune male God; aye, its whole mystic churchal cloud, is swept away like the dew, by the rays of the sun of this new born day of God. The old world dies! Christian discipleship instead of being faith alone, is discovered to consist of confession and repentance of sin; and redemption from its nature by crosses, thus becoming sons and daughters of God — our Heavenly Father and Mother. The Christian's God is just and righteous, yet merciful and forgiving. No human being is so cruel and unjust as to punish the most perfectly good man for the sins of all the rest of humanity; much less will the Christian's God punish man on that principle, and still less punish a fellow God. 74= SHAKEE Truth is come, the soul that sins, dies, the soul who works righteousness lives. The confessing, repenting sinner is resurrected to spiritual life in God and peace with man. Good works are sermons, more potent than the orations of Demosthenes, the folio opinions of Calvin, Luther, or the Romish Pope. Ceasing to do evil will more effectually cast out the devil than hurling a Lutheran inkstand at his head. A righteous life weds its possessor to God, and thus mated—Jesus like—the human soul hath boldness without egotism ; power without usurpation; authority without priestly laying on of hands; pathos without human affectation ; mercy without partiality; justice without revenge; love without lust; peace without sacrifice of principle, and honor with- out throne of regal state. This was the amulet of Jesus! The germinal principles of human law for the protection and guidance of society, needs to be purgated of the hypocrisy and deceit that now hide the motive of self interest of rulers. And the greatest good of the greatest number must become the laws. The old world dies, let it die. For the day is dawning when both political and theological potentates shall know that there is a power above the thrones of church or state, to which all knees shall bow , a simple creed, which all tongues shall confess as authority, and that creed is given in two words — Godly life. Elder Giles B. Avery, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.