DRESS As our little Bark arrives in port every month, laden with rich stores of good things from the ' Delectable Land,' there is one important subject that has been treated rather sparingly, the subject of Dress—the love of which, fills the human mind, and engrosses much of the time and attention of the present age. Some kind of dress is a necessity. But dressing for show, is woman's folly, her proclivities are to overdress, without reference to use or modesty. And her vanity is apparent in this respect, both within and. outside of the socalled Christian Churches of the day. Human nature is the same in all ages, differing in degree. In Apostolic times, the same spirit sought entrance, and Timothy and Peter gave some strong admonitions concerning it. They taught, that instead of adorning the outward person with gold — plaiting the hair — and putting on costly and useless apparel — they should clothe the inner man and woman with the incorruptible — ' a meek and quiet spirit — chaste conversation,' which in the sight of God is of great price. We do not need to go back to Paul, the minister of the Corinthian Church, centuries ago, to learn that ' the fashions of the world pass away ' — not the marriage institution only, of which he was then speaking— but its fashions in dress also. The marriage vows, at the present time, do not even retain much of their former sanctity ; however high the priest may stand, who sanctions the contract, it gives way, before the latitudinarian, as a rope of sand. Gaudy attire is the concomitant of sensuality — the handmaid that seeks to cover up the diseases of the body and soul — by garments of purple and scarlet — gold and costly pearls. Was Paul severe, when he pointed out heady, highminded, incontinent men, as finding their way into houses to lead captive silly women — those who dress gaily with the intention of enticing and drawing such men to them ? And is it strange that such persons should be the servants of low sensual desires and passions? They who give their minds wholly to pleasure-seeking— and to fashionable dress, which is ever changing, so that they have no time to devote to the good, the useful, and the true, are in a pitiable condition of servitude, whether they profess to be sinning Christians, or sinning Infidels. When the Methodist denomination were a living people, and possessed the vitalizing power of God, their faith led them to dress so plainly that they were easily known. Where are they now ? Verily their glory, which consisted in Christian plainness and simplicity, has departed. Among the many Reforms and Reformers, which are now agitating the public mind, and shaking society to its very center, few, comparatively, have given their attention to the subject of Dress Reform. If strong minded women could possess the moral courage to stem the tide of popular opinion, and adopt some mode of dress — plain — comfortable and modest; and not swerve from their purpose, until they had accomplished a radical reformation in the dress of women, thousands would eventually rise up and call them blessed for the good done to humanity. When the time arrives that woman is accorded her legitimate right to sit in the Legislative halls — not as spectator — but as Arbiter, co-operating with men, in framing and sustaining the laws of the land, then may we not hope that she will rise to the dignity of true womanhood, and nobly vindicate the justice of her position, by showing that she has a mind that can grasp substantial things — a mind that cannot be veered by the capricious winds of fashion, which, their origin considered, every noble minded woman would have cause to despise. I must confess, that when I see the ludicrous style, and the extravagance of fashionable dress at the present time, I turn away in disgust, I feel like prostrating my body and bowing my spirit in gratitude to God, for the union and communion of those whose hearts are withdrawn from the world, and lifted above its vanities — and are seeking treasures that will not perish. And with my dear Gospel Sisters, I would be more fervently engaged in the work of subduing those elements within, whence spring ' the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye and the pride of life,—' the foundation principles of the world. Only in thus doing can we fill the Christian character, and perform our mission to God's acceptance. If we guard the avenues of the heart, and reject every temptation that would lead away from the simplicity of the truth, and induce to worldliness, in manners and dress, and in all things conform our lives to true Christian principles, then we shall become active workers in the temple of God, set upon the hill of truth, that will give light to the nations of the earth. Marcia M. Bullard, Canaan, N. Y.