OUR CENTENNIAL About a hundred years ago a little company of nine embarked from the shores of England to find a spot where they could carry out the principles they had received from the Spirit of good, which were leading them to seek for purity of heart and life, as the means of attaining the holiness required of God as the first condition of millennial dawning. Instructed from the Spirit world that this work was to have its growth and fulfilment in this country, struggling at that time for freedom, they forsook the land which had so bitterly persecuted them for their strange and unwelcome testimony of truth, and, for nearly three months, were confined to the narrow limits of a small sailing vessel, the bark Maria. Feeling called upon to go forth in their simple worship, they did so, which aroused the enmity of the Captain to that degree that he threatened to throw them overboard. But a violent storm succeeding, the ship sprang a leak, and the captain, in terror, said ' they must all perish before morning.' But Mother Ann told him to be of 'good cheer.' She had seen two shining angels standing by the mast who assured her that not a hair of their heads should be harmed but they should arrive safely in America. She then went to work with them in bailing the water, and so inspired the men, that they were kept afloat until a wave striking the vessel, restored the plank to its place. In like manner she inspired the little handful of followers while suffering hardships after their arrival, in the wilderness of Niskayuna, with the same precious faith in the power of God, which called them to forsake all for the Christ principle. Although she did not, like her Lord and Master, receive her inspiration soon enough to save her in virgin purity, still, she, through suffering and struggle, obtained redemption from a sinful nature, and was made meet to be a co-worker, with him, for the redemption of a lost world. There seems such a depth of wisdom, such a fullness of love and such a martyr-like heroism, in her character and mission, such an entire obedience to the spirit of truth revealed to her; and that truth so difficult for woman's lips to utter— so shocking to the sensitive ear of man-made modesty— that I can revere, and scarcely refrain from worshiping that devoted one. The good, the true and the Christ-like in her I do worship. I regard it as an emanation from the All-Good, and as a blessed pattern for my imitation. The world has its war and blood heroes, and who shall say there is no need of Spiritual and ce- lestial heroes 1 —whole souled devotees to the elevation of the race through an entire abrogation of self, save in the perfecting of their own spirits by the practice of the Christian oneness: squaring their lives by the precepts of Christ that they may become fit temples for the spirit of God, and to perform the master's use ? In times of danger or persecution it seemed as though her own safety, or comfort, were but minor considerations; and while she would shed tears at the sufferings of others, her own spirit became so free from the operations of a selfish nature that she could trust in the almighty arm to shield and protect her while uttering her most unwelcome truths. The weak and craven fear of harm, or defeat, seemed to find no room in her soul; but ' per- fect love cast out all tormenting fear,' and fulfilled the scripture saying ' The righteous are bold as a lion,' yet ' harmless as doves.' Indeed, the dove-like Spirit of the Christ, seems to awaken so much that is most lovely and commendable in its receiver, that it wins a sort of homage and respect, from even those whose lives are rebuked by its spirit, testimony and life ; and they behold the Christ in his works ; when a Pharasaic, self-asserting spirit, would only awaken the corresponding element in them, by arousing their combativeness. Oh ! for the lion and the lamb to fraternize so completely, that the product will be a noble, genial, unselfish individuality, inspiring peace and happiness, instead of distrust and envyings, and eliminating the pure joy and simplicity, of which even the child can partake! The goodness of Mother's heart, is manifested in her enduring such powerful and continued mental and spiritual conflicts, for the releasement of her own soul, into the freedom of perfect purity, in the shortest possible time ; for she was a faithful warrior, and ceased not, until Satan, coming, could find nothing in her to respond. But its greatness is none the less manifest, which enabled her to meet physical hardships and perils — self-denials and sufferings— and indeed, to shrink at nothing which came in the way, as a result of her spirit's obedience to truth. 78 Noble, heroic mother! may thy daughters share largely in thy courage and love, and a host of brave and self-denying sons rise up to call thee Blessed. Surely in the contemplation of such a whole souled pattern and leader and of such a cloud of witnesses as have been harvested during these passing years, we may keep a joyful centennial in our hearts, though it find no outward demonstration. And while we contemplate the past growth and increase, must we not still pray that the sickle-bearing angel of truth, may reap many souls from the rapidly whitening fields of nature, which we know must have become arid and barren to them spiritually, that in the garners of life they may become ' bread for hungry souls.' ' Hail, thou victorious gospel! And that auspicious day When Mother safely landed In Hudson's lovely bay ! ' E. H. Webster, Harvard, Mass.