SHAKERESS: INDISCRIMINATE READING A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS King Solomon, the Temple builder, who lived in what ia termed the fifth age of the world, is said to have been a very wise man. He admonished the people in his time, that ' Of making many books, there was no end' — that happiness did not consist in much study — but in fearing God and keeping the injunctions given through the Law and the Prophets. What would that preacher of olden time, say, if he lived in the present book-inaking, news- paper-reading age ? We have no account that Jesus wrote any books. It is said, that upon a certain occasion, ' he stooped and wrote with his finger on the ground;' but much has been written by others concerning his marvelous doings and sayings; and one of his disciples supposed, ' that if all he said, and did, should be chronicled, the world could not contain the books.' We will suppose that he referred to the world of mind then in existence — not to the earth: for books have rapidly increased from that time unto the present, and thousands of volumes are published from year to year, and yet there is room. Jesus, the Anointed, came seeking fruit. He said, ' Herein is my Father glorified, that ye bear much fruit.' His sayings were fraught with wisdom, but he exemplified his mission by his life deeds, as fully as by his words. He sought to embody all true principles in his own life and character — to be a living open volume — an epistle that could be read of all (spiritually minded) men and women. Would it not be wise for the present generation of people, to copy the example of Jesus, to some extent, — write less, and practice more — read less, and work more 1 i. e. Write what is true and useful, and read to gain knowledge that is worthy to be reduced to practice ; not to kill time, nor for the lust of reading, which is done to a great extent by the present and rising generations, to their injury. If we judge of the moral status of man and women, by the company they keep, with the same propriety we may judge of private individual character, by the books which they surround themselves with. Light or obscene reading creates morbid mental appetites, and is a sure indication that those who indulge in it, are prostituting the noble faculties of the human mind to base uses. In a recent number of the R. P. Journal, we notice the following: ' Let a man capable of judging, travel through ten, or twelve States, visit three hundred families in the cities and country, and make special enquiry in each what the general reading of the family consists of; then if he should be asked what the American people read, I think he would say — The upper classes read fiction, fashion, fable and allegories; the lower classes, fiction, fashion, love and ghost-stories. Our fathers and grandfathers had no such reading. It was not in existence then. But the present generation has been reared in it. And by it, the whole country is filled with folly, fashion and wine.' Novel reading is bewitching ; it is designed to act upon and stimulate the animal uassions, and corrupt the minds of those who give their time and attention to it. They taste, and thirst for more ; and the youth of our land are eagerly drinking of those poisonous waters ; and they inhale the foul atmosphere, which surrounds those impure fountains, which is as deadly miasm to the moral and spiritual part of their being. As truly, as all food taken into the stomach goes to form bone and muscle, and the blood which courses through the veins,and to make up the physical frame of a man or woman, so the mental food — what the mind receives — thinks upon, and communes with, whether in reading or otherwise, forms and animates the soul which dwells in the material body — the tenement which is given for use while in the earth life, and not for abuse. How great the necessity, that we carefully select good and pure food for the body and the mind ; for we cannot escape the results. As we value health and happiness, let us strive to avoid all disease-producing causes. Light, trashy literature, will never be sought for, nor indulged in by true Reformers, and Saviors of our race. Those who desire to save others from intemperance, and to uplift those who have prostituted their God-given powers to sensuality, and thus become the victims of crime, must themselves be temperate and prove their integrity by being virtuous and honest. And to accomplish this, the avenues of the heart must be guarded, that no influence in the guise of friend, or foe, that would throw one poisonous dart to corrupt the thoughts, — dim the vision — or pervert the understanding, be suffered to approach. We shall, if consistent, select the best company that we can find — neither giving nor accepting evil communications — but be ready at all times to turn from every influence that would allure to false and carnal pleasure. We shall remember that every book, and paper that we read, bears the impress of the author's mind; and as we come into rapport with them, we receive either life, or death to our spirits. We have many times sorrowed in spirit, to see talent which should have been dedicated to high and noble purposes, employed in writing romance and novels to stimulate unhallowed desires, and to make money. Let all lovers of virtue spurn such literature, and cultivate a taste for the good and useful; and form a character which they can themselves respect. Then, they will never fail of having the confidence and respect of others. When such shall have finished their course in this life, they will ' lift up their eyes to the everlasting hills,' as did Jesus their prototype, and say ' The hour is come,' Father, Mother, glorify us as we have glorified God on earth. Give us to drink of the cup of joy with purified saints in mansions of peace and rest. As Jesus and Ann, through the Christ baptisms, became one with the Father, Mother, God, so make us one with them! And the response will be given, ' Amen, even so shall it be.'