MORNING LIGHT Let not thy sight be dim, nor thine ear heavy. For the daughter of Zion calleth to the multitude of 'erring sisters' whose mental and physical doings cast a dark shadow over the future destiny of the race. She would' fain speak into their hearts words that burn, and breath into their souls inspirations that would effect a radical change in their lives. Creative agency is placed within the province of human responsibility, being wholly committed to the power of man, and woman. And I am moved by deep sympathy, to make a friendly effort to aid those suffering females, who have been drawn into the vortex of 'social evil' by ignorance, or poverty. The native innocence and original purity of thousands of the young and inexperienced are destroyed by their imbibing false principles. O that the warning instructive voice of reason might be heard like a faithful friend, forewarning children and youth with knowledge to protect them from impending danger. A voice from the higher spheres has long been calling to the inhabitants of earth to come out, and away from the haunts of infamy, and to engage in some useful manual occupation. It will be admitted that the formation of habits, either indulgence, or self-restraint, is the foundation of that character which is noble, pure and good, or dark, infamous and degraded. The strongest love, is often tributary to an evil influence — lust. The children of this world, who marry and give in marriage, are not yet subjects of the new, spiritual birth. Come forth ye heroic daughters of the nineteenth century, and protest against the ' social evil,' which ruins so many thousands. You have been nobly engaged in overthrowing intemperance, which goes hand in hand with other sensual passions of mankind. By a mighty struggle, the slave was liberated from bondage ! Woman has grappled with the monster intemperance; now let her, with the besom of power in her hand, sweep the social evil out of existence, and restore to herself the order of times and seasons, and teach it her children, and her children's children. O ye heroines, turn from the temptations of vice, — assert the dignity of womanhood! Sever the bands of death—sensual sexuality— then will the spiritual powers of the soul, which should pervade the whole being, limit the tide of excess. Come unto Wisdom, with the whole heart, and the royal scepter of power will be placed in your hands, that will insure victory, and give joy and rest. Rhoda Blake, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.