CORRESPONDENCE Pleasant Hill, Ky., July 28,1874 Dear Christian Brother — For the letter you wrote me two weeks ago, I am thankful: and as I am in doubt as to duty on one, if not two points, please advise me. First — Can I consistently unite without fully believing in the dual and sexual nature of God; or the inspiration, or Motherhood of Ann Lee ? Her practical good, in the line of progress, I gratefully accept, as I do yours and other Reformers.' The celibacy, communism in property, anti-war, fashion, style and cast of your societies — including equality of the sexes — have been my principles for years, excepting the first, which I now accept. But to the ' sacred roll and book ' I demur. It may be even so, but as I am careful, and possibly slow to prove all things, it is not yet so proven to my mind as to command belief. Second — If I ought to unite, should I stay here or go to you ? As a visitor I came hither one week ago. As you know, the location is favorable, the more aged members industrious, frugal, and in all substantial s worthy ; and yet Conservative. Whereto they have attained, they literally walk by the same rule : not forgetting things behind, nor reaching forth to any new things before. I must reform and progress. They, especially Paulina Bryant, Chief Eldress, and all sisters including the children, are urging me to abide, and influence my wife and two daughters to come. With your people I know there is more congeniality and enjoyment. Here, more need of my work. Can it be done ? Will they hear, or even forbear? May they—the Elders — not go so far as to forbid my efforts to reform ? For their work hands and visitors they cook poTk, lard, tea and coffee and other unclean things — using, themselves, these bad drinks — and raising swine on one part of their grounds — the mill. I fear they are sliding back to the world, in eating, drinking and drugging. Progress, in science — practical facts in God's works—they ignore, save four or five members. Can I be blessed with the wisdom of the serpent and harmlessness of the dove, sufficient to persuade them onwards and upwards ? The few minds, here, in sympathy with progress, discourage the hope yet wish me to stay. Their property, worth near half a million, united with their great cause of human purity, is too much to be lost. But their agriculture, horticulture, house-keeping, hygiene, and in a word, all, needs improvement. Ought I, the least of all saints, to try in my humble way? I enclose a testimonial as to a little of what I have done, and send you a copy of my treatise, years ago on suffrage. In the confidence of a Christian Brother, I hope to receive your advice. They have extended, to me, the utmost kindness, and heard me, for twenty minutes, last Sabbath; but seem to fear widening from the old paths, not to say ruts. By no means would I change a jot of the first genuine faith; but desire to learn all the useful our Father has for us, in A.3STD these latter days. As I expect to remain a week, or ten days longer, please write me here. With due esteem and Christian regard, I am your unworthy Brother, Have Dr. Trail's diploma, have treated sick for fifteen or twenty years, and lost but one patient, and he because he left my prescription. ----W. P. W. Perkins