CORRESPONDENCE The following letter may be interesting to some of the readers of our paper, when they learn that the writer, who was then in good health, died suddenly in about a month's time after she wrote it. It was not designed to be made public, and we withhold the name. Dear Sister Antoinette : Friend F. W. Evans recommended me to write to you, dear sister, and gladly I avail myself of the opportunity. 'Write just as you feel,' he said ; but my heart is so full I hardly know where to begin. That good man (F. W. E.) wrote such a beautiful reply to my first letter of inquiry — and sent me papers — then, when lie came to the city, he called to see me ; and I feel very grateful for such kindness. I believe he represents numbers who are like himself. Well, I feel, dear sister, that my greatest need at present, is to be a silent listener to your teaching. Friend Evans has done me more good than all the teachers, doctors and nurses, I ever had in my life. He swept through the old and new testament, from the beginning of Genesis, to the end of Revelation— and set it before me in a bran new dress — common sense. After he left, I fished up my poor little bible, that was banished several years ago to the bottom of a ' Saratoga ' trunk ; and with unfeigned humility asked its pardon. Now, I will read — think and think : — by and by I will come to some thing, that will neither clear away, nor let me pass. Then, may I come to you for instruction dear sister ? I shall soon have to enter my profession again, and shall feel so much stronger under the influence of your love. I will hurry, and finish my work here — and then — if you all think best — 'come home.' 0 how those words inspired me! I hope my brain is safely through — done forever with the molting condition — and that this new crop of feathering ideas, under sound Shaker nourishment, may grow up into strong, useful quills. I believe there are many right here in this very city, who are starving for just such food as Elder Evans gave me yesterday ! how much I wished, when he was talking, that the room could have been filled with appreciative listeners ! How are they to be reached ? for that class seldom speak their minds — they see nothing to satisfy their souls — and they sink in despair! A young, and beautiful girl, started with me in the career of life, whose brilliant future was prophesied by all who knew her; and whose untimely death was caused, without a doubt, by her utter abhorrence of the poisonous materialism with which she was surrounded. Her last words to me were ' I am going where I shall have less trouble in making myself understood; and if you love me, bid me Godspeed.' It is easy to understand what a ' Pearl of great price ' Shakerism would have been to her, and it is sad to reflect, how many are lost for the want of true knowledge. But I have encroached too much upon your time, and must bring my letter to a close. Please remember me kindly — and in Celtic phrase, I will say to all those under the immediate sunshine of your blessed faith—'May your shadows never grow less.' Affectionately yours, K. S. ANSWER My Dear Friend : Yours of the 13th inst., came to me by last evening's mail. I was pleased with its con- tents from beginning to end. I love the breathings of your spirit — your frankness — sincerity and child-like dependence. That ' old book ' that has so quietly rested in the ' trunk,' contains some beautiful instructions, ' profitable,' to those of enlightened understanding,' for doctrine, reproof and cor- rection, that the man, or woman of God, may be thoroughly furnished unto all good works.' If we give heed to the instructions of that book, we cannot give to the children a stone, when they ask for bread ; neither say to them, when cold and naked, ' be ye warmed and fed,' without imparting to them of our treasures. Our heavenly Father and Mother — God — give freely to those who ask, if they ask in faith and sincerity. If we freely receive, it is our duty to freely give. This is the reason, dear child, that I take the earliest opportunity to reply to yours, that you may feel, we have ears to hear and hearts to sympathize with you, in your aspirations for a higher life. Verily, my friend, God hath dealt kindly and generously with us ; and after many years' experience, we are enabled to say, that the eyes, ears and hearts, of those who seek pleasure in worldly things — in unrighteousness — can neither see, hear, nor understand the things that God hath prepared for those who love him so truly, that they consecrate all to his service ; and, who not merely say, ' Lord — Lord,' and retain all that is self-pleasing, and think to pay their way to heaven and happiness, by giving a large salary to a hireling priest-hood — as they would pay their fare from New York to Cincinnati, in a railroad car ; but through self-sacrifice, and toil, they gain the treasures of eternal life. Such find the highway that is cast up for the ransomed of the Lord to walk in. The waters of the great deep (sea of worldly, carnal pleasure,) are dried up, and truth lovers will pass over and come unto Zion, joyfully. They will gladly leave the house of bondage in the dark and shadowy land and seek to find the place, where broad streams and rivers flow; where are green and living pastures, warmed and vivified by the sunlight of truth and Divine revelation. I wish you were free from all claims that the world has upon you, that you might ' Come home now' and take with us the Christian's cross, and with us wear the victor's crown! While duty calls you to remain where you are, you may come in spirit, or by letter, to me — to us — and freely make known your feelings and desires ; and while you are thus separated from us, attending to present duties, if you feel at times that you are surrounded by temptation, and dangers attend you, remember your Shaker friends. Come to us, and we will give you love that is not of the world, to strengthen, shield and protect you. Ask any question freely, and we will be honest and deal frankly with you. If we possess knowledge of the true Christian life and character which you are not in possession of, we have received that knowledge through practical obedience to truth, and from spiritual guides and teachers, who are progressed beyond us,and we have no cause for boasting; but freely impart to others, of the treasures that have been so mercifully bestowed upon us. We are thankful to know, there are many, at this time like yourself, who are ready to burst their swaddling clothes — open their eyes to simple truth — and leave the dark shadows of mysticism which have gathered around the bible by false teachers and worldly interpreters, until all has become a myth. With you, I sorrow in spirit that those who would thankfully receive food for their famishing souls, do not know where to seek it. We must pray to God to send Agencies to them, as he has done to you, to show them the way, the truth, and the life. That good Being, who endowed us with reason and intelligence, will never ask us to surrender those God-given powers, in regard to religion. Reason, Science and Religion are in perfect accord. So hope on — hope ever — Write whenever you feel like it. Thine in Christian friendship. Antoinette Doolittle