QUERIES AND ANSWERS Are you happy and contented in your Shaker home ? Do you never feel a desire to mix and mingle with the world, in its fashions, pleasures and life, in the generative order ? Are you not so bound that you cannot withdraw from this people if you wish so to do ? Is not life dull and monotonous, with you, — devoid of the social intercourse and entertainment which add cheer and pleasure in all its phases ? These and many other similar questions are often put to us by strangers. It is not strange that such thoughts and queries should arise in the minds of those who have never engaged in the cause, and have not been spiritually exercised to comprehend the work — its vital power of action — its inner attractions,— the centripetal force which holds us together, in a body, under ' one Faith, one Lord, and one Baptism.' To answer, lucidly and concisely, is a somewhat difficult task ; especially to those who have been reared under the old theologies, which have been handed down from generation, to generation, through many centuries, and exist at the present time, as blinding dogmas, giving license to sinful indulgences, mixing flesh and spirit together. Though we have valid reasons for the hope and faith that are within us, which lift us above the world, and guide us to the higher life ; yet, we find as a general rule, people need a practical illustration presented to their outward vision. Hence, to such enquirers (if they are sincere),we say, Come and see what living faith, and works, combined, have produced. The Shakers, to thousands of people, are a problem. That Shakers are celibates, are neat, clean and industrious, is understood by many. The Principles, producing such results, are understood by few. Knowing the innate love of pleasures in young minds of the present age — seeking the gratification of the senses, to the greatest extent attainable — self will, and independence predominating, it is natural to wonder, how the young, especially, can find contentment and happiness within these supposed cloistered walls. To the truly rational mind, happiness is but the result of virtue. This is the first idea to be gathered, by those who would dwell in the Shaker Order. True happiness can only be found in well doing; but so long has passion ruled the individual, instead of the individual ruling and governing the low propensities of their natures, that the power to control the lower, and develop the higher, is weakened, and seemingly lost in a chaos of worldly elements. To effect a change in things both natural and spiritual, is the design now carried into action by the Shaker Order. To the first question, Are you happy and contented? we make this reply. Children, when first brought amongst us, seldom know why they come, further than to accord with the desire of their parents, who seek to protect them from the evils of the world without. They enter a school, in which the disposition and germs of future growth and character are sought for. Growth from childhood years, is a continual developing, or unfolding of the prin- ciples which go to make the man and woman. The faith and testimony of Christ's Second Appearing, will either gather, or scatter. Those, who from a lower organization develop the animal and sensual, are as a consequence, drawn back to the great magnet evil of the world; such cannot find happiness and comfort among this people, because they are out of their element. While, on the other hand, those who from a higher organism, develop the moral and spiritual; who love good, and desire purity, are strengthened and encouraged by those of riper age, who from a long experience of sacrifice and devotion to right principles, testify of the glorious reward. Such, find contentment and happiness, which no other religious Order or Sect, or Infidelism could in anywise afford. And while the whole being is devoted, through the reason and thought of maturer years, to eradicate every form and degree of evil from body and soul, and to establish the truth, with all its ennobling effects, in the heart and character, there is no desire whatever to mingle with the world in its ridiculous fashions, pleasures or pains. The generative life, in its highest forms, only tends to darken the understanding and breathe the blight of death to the angel-part in man and woman. We are under no bonds save our own faith and conscience. That we are debarred from acting our free choice, is an erroneous idea — a dying echo of past fabled stories — created through enmity or by those who were ignorant of the principle of the institution. Those who choose a worldly life, are at liberty to have it, and are welcome to its enjoyments, if they find any therein, and also to the pains and vexations arising therefrom, which are manifold. Jesus likened the kingdom of heaven to a net cast into the sea; bringing forth good and bad fishes — the good were preserved — the bad, cast into the sea again. Though we renounce the vain amusements of the world, and ever strive to hold the spiritual of greatest importance, in all the duties of life, that does not hinder a free and social enjoyment and intercourse one with another — exchange of good thoughts — ideas and feelings, and the development and promotion of every gift and talent. Thus united as the heart of one, we are unitedly working together, striving to cement those links in the chain of life which will not be dissolved either on this or the other side of the river that flows, dividing time from eternity. Elvah F. Collins, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.