SERIOUS QUESTIONS OF THE HOUR War — Peace. — ' My kingdom is not of this world.' Can Christians fight, or in any manner abet war 1 Was there ever a Christian, from the days of Jesus, to the days of Geo. Washington, and thence down to Gen. Grant, that could engage in physical warfare, in any cause whatsoever ? Not one. ' Whence come wars and fightings ? ' Come they from causes that grace the anti-Christian and disgrace the Christian profession ? Where can be the reason of calling any member of a national army, ' a Christian soldier 1' Taking the principle of Christian peace into serious consideration, does not even the name of militia, still more the practice, forfeit the title of Christian ? What can the people be thinking of, to admit, for a moment, that any soldier in physical warfare can be a Christian ? Who are those who aid and abet war ? Children of the world. Selfishness. — Does Christianity admit of private property ? It does not; never did. Do Christian Churches permit distinctions of dress, diet, or other comforts, among the members? Never. Are there any rich or poor Christians ? None whatever. Why are there so many rich, and, particularly, why are there so many poor, in the so-called Christian Churches of to-day ? Because such Churches are not Christian. Can these be Brethren and Sisters of Christ while faring so unequally ? Never. Why are there no rich nor poor in Christ's Church 1 The formerly rich, ' lay down ' their plenty; the formerly poor do likewise with their poverty, and hence, share equally. Who, then, are the rich and poor ? The Children of «?iresurrection, who will give up neither their riches nor poverty for the gospel's sake. Who amass fortunes, and live in palatial residences? Unfeeling men and women, erroneously termed Christians, who are careless of how many are made correspondingly poor. Who are the mountains and valleys of scripture ? The rich and poor. What is the mission of Christianity to such ? To bring down the mountains ; raise up the valleys — inaugurate an equality — none possessed aught he could call his own. What wonderful phenomena accompany conversions to Christianity ? Mine becomes Ours! Riches and Poverty, with their miseries, disappear. Marriage — Celibacy. — Did Christians marry in the days of Jesus ? Not at all, nor since. What did the married, to become Christians ? They became as though they were not married — brethren and sisters. What did Jesus teach concerning marriage ? That it was the practice of the children of the world, and did not belong to the Heavens of Christians, on earth, or elsewhere. Who was and is the Resurrection ? Christ. The Children of the Resurrection, of Christ, are first known by the fact that they do not marry. Secondly, they do not sin any more. Thirdly, they are as the Angels. Do the Angels marry, or engage in any lasciviousness 1 Can Christians ? The Primitive Christian Church was a Celibate organization. Who have prostituted this Church to the filthiness of the flesh ? The Children of this world. Wherein, alone, can genuine, unadulterated Christianity obtain ? Among celibates only. Wherein do we observe the most marked contrasts, between the early Church of the Apostles, and present, popular Christianity ? In the reversal, by the latter, of the whole economy of the Primitive Church. In that, they were unbound from marital relations, private property, fleshly lusts and their results. In popular, so-called Christianity, these things are encouraged, practiced as sacraments; results, 'it would be a shame to speak of the things done by such in secret.' Christians do not marry; they retain, or regain, their virgin estate, and remain unspotted from the world. Who then are Christians 1 Those who follow the Lamb — Christ — whithersoever this Spirit led Jesus. From War, Marriage, Private Property, to the Higher Life. Elder O. A. Lomas, Watervliet, N. Y.