BEAUTIFUL LAWNS Is there any intelligent Believer that does not admire a neatly kept lawn; whether the lawn be at home or abroad ? A short article on the subject might not be out of place, among the readers of our monthly, from one who has devoted a good deal of labor from his own muscles in that direction. Our family Order, when obeyed by the inmates of our communities, is a protection from the accumulation of unsightly rubbish in our dooryards, by disallowing liquids or garbage to be thrown out of the windows, to lodge around the house. I claim to be an admirer of the beautiful, but, have never yet been able to see beauty in ever so choice a flower or shrub left to grow up surrounded with coarse rank weeds, or to be choked with grass. Nothing of an earthly nature have I more admired than those palace-like residences, with their neatly appointed lawns, which may be found along Euclid street, Cleveland. It may be said these are the homes of the merchant-princes, who have made fortunes by banking, merchandising and other speculations, which our faith and religious lives debar us from, therefore, we may not hope to have such beautiful lawns. Admitted, but does that debar us from improvement ? Sometime since I was one of a company who made an extensive journey among our societies, and although most of the families were well off, for comfortable and even elegant dwellings and shops ; yea, and some very good frame country barns, quite up with the general improvement of the neighborhood, yet the dooryards were not quite as neat, for Believers, as I could wish. There were flowers and shrubbery not well kept, that marred the appearance of the dooryards rather more than they improved them. It is singular what an influence our education has on us. One of our brethren — a man of taste and an appreciative observer of nature, says to one of our old Deacons, who had been a pioneer in western life and was educated to study the value of cows and hogs, — Brother Jacob, do you hear that bird sing ? Jacob listened, but the merry twitter of the little songster was not sufficient to arrest the good Deacon's attention. They passed along to the piggery, where a little grunter had got fast in the fence where he had been trying his ingenuity to shift his quarters. Brother Jacob do you hear that pig squeal ? O ! yea, I can hear that. Just so is it with most persons, who arrange a home. They have eyes to see and ears to hear, and faculties to arrange for the important details, but the polish they do not seem capable of putting on, nor of appreciating. Some people will go to any amount of expense in building a beautiful mansion, but their taste, in out-buildings and laying off grounds, is wofully deficient. We say our predecessors did not attain to all that was true, and we might admit neither did they attain to all the knowledge in the world of beauty. Nay, they had their work to do and did it well and faithfully, and it is our privilege to not only follow the beaten track they pursued, but to progress beyond. I can see no godliness in slovenliness nor untidiness, whether it be in the house, on the farm, or among the rough weeds in the dooryard. It is surprising, what one brother, with a refined taste, could accomplish in his spare hours. At first like our moral imperfections, he would have to give close attention, to not let the weeds grow and go to seed. But a few years application would make his task a pleasurable exercise. Hoping to draw attention to this subject, and thereby awaken a greater amount of interest, in lawn dressing, was the object of the writer. And now, in conclusion, let us keep the weeds from going to seed. And if we cannot afford time to keep the shrubbery and flower-beds as they should be kept, let us omit them, and let their place be occupied by the green smooth grass. Elder W. Reynolds, Union Village, O.