COMMUNISM And all that believed were together and had all things common. — Acts, 2: 44. While there are many theories and notions too absurd for sound minds to credit, and others, to say the least, quite doubtful, there still remain many facts, beyond all peradventure. These are at once embraced by all truth loving souls. Of such is the scripture above quoted. Believers in the days of Jesus were neither avaricious, nor monopolizers. Their love for each other cast out all selfishness, and their possessions flowed together. Their tender and mutual regard for the common weal, allowed no one to call aught he had his own, in an exclusive sense, ' but they had all things common.' The candid reading of Acts, 2 : 4142 and 4: 31-37, must convince all sane persons of these facts. Nor will any one dare to intimate that these Christians did wrong in thus providing for the wants of each out of their common store. How natural that their overflowing love for each other should thus flow their earthly goods into an unselfish pile. In thus loving and living did they go beyond the Law and the Gospel ? Did not, and does not each enjoin that we love our neighbor as ourselves ? How then could or can such heart-searching injunctions be fulfilled short of doing just what these true Christians did ? All this is conceded by those who ignore and indeed contravene their example. But they say, the peculiar circumstances of these early disciples demanded this community of goods. Such special pleaders, not to say quibblers, are of the earth earthy. Like the old Ox fable between the Farmer and the Lawyer, they say ' and if,' clinging to the letter and sticking to the Devil's maxim ' circumstances alter cases.' Destitute themselves of principle, such pharisaical interpreters try hard to construe communism out of genuine Christians whose unfeigned love has left us this heavenly example. Not by constraint of great destitution and suffering did these beloved followers of the meek and lowly Jesus put their possessions at the Apostles' feet; but from their supreme love to their Heavenly Father and Mother, and their fellow Christians. He who, out of his own selfish heart, so misinterprets their motives, is little short of a slanderer. Some say, ' Persecutions and destitution compelled the communistic practice.' Commentators and Preachers thus try to interpret away this blessed example and excuse the avarice of themselves and flocks. Persecutions never created a peculiar people, zealous of good works. The profoundly learned and noble Paul has testified that ' the love of money is the root of all evil,' that corrupt men suppose ' that gain is godliness ;' that such as ' will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and into many foolish and hurtful lusts which drown men in destruction and perdition * * * piercing them through with many sorrows.' The cure for all this is not ' temporary circumstances,' but forsaking all for Christ's sake and the weal of his true followers. This is simply what the Shakers do, which beyond all peradventure must be right. Did they refuse to do this they would not do as Christ and his disciples did, and of course refuse to follow him. As the principle is not only general but universal, all who fail to do likewise fail to love their neighbor as they love themselves. In the next number I may show the blessings which flow from having things in common. W. Perkins, Pleasant Hill, Ky.