LAW AND GOSPEL Along the highways of progress, whether civil or religious, lie the debris of old customs, creeds, habits, forms and ceremonies — effete Gods and theologies. Their days of usefulness are passed. The good they did possess has been used. Something better has taken their place. Bodies corporate, civil, or religious, as well as individual, to maintain healthy inner life and outward organization, must possess the power to eject effete matters, and grasp and assimilate the present living truth. The forms, creeds, beliefs and Gods of the past, had, in their day, a measure of vitality, which made them useful. Supplanted by higher truths and forms, the old are obstructions only. What was truly glorious, is as vital for all future, as in its first unfoldment. The Jews were said to be a people of types and shadows. Very remarkable types they were. Let us glance at their code. To change their habits, their tutelar deity keeps them in the wilderness forty years, on purely vegetable diet, which each man, woman and child gathered for him and herself. With two exceptions, none but those born on the journey enter Canaan. From landless slaves in Egypt, they become landholders in Canaan. Every man and woman having a right in the soil, from which they could not be ousted, except for a brief period. They are instructed how to cultivate the earth, what to eat, how to raise it and how to cook it. They were forbidden intermarrying with surrounding nations, and lending money — .product of labor—upon usury — eating of blood, fat and certain meats. The results were — no sickness — no blight on crops, famine, caterpillar, unseasonable rain, nor frost, no monopolies, no poor. Means are employed to accomplish purposes. A school, with Moses for teacher, to educate souls for something higher — for Christ. After professedly following Christ for 1800 years, in endless theologies and forms, is it not a wonder we do not possess one of the characteristics of our preliminary education ? Would not the world be better, to-day, with less false theology and more health — fewer lawless lawyers and more equity — less monopoly and sexuality, and more honest toil with celibacy ? We are so insatiably, sensually selfish, that there is hardly a living thing, on the earth or under the water, which is not made to cater to our depraved appetites—consequently we are clad, from head to foot, internally and externally, with loathsome and debilitating diseases. For 1800 years, we have been building grand theological castles for our souls, in eternity, and sending our poor bodies to present perdition. Theological systems have, one after another, crumbled away. Temples, built on sandy foundations, have toppled over. Is it not about time to dig down to the rock and make our foundation sure and permanent in physiological truth, before we attempt another structure in the air — the Temple of the second degree. In other words—if we want Christ, the higher educator, had we not better, first, pay more attention to Moses, our original schoolmaster 1 In the name of common sense, let us learn and remember our A, B, C, in earthly things, if we would have the ethics and higher classics of Religion. Thomas Smith, Canaan, N. Y.