'GATES OF HEAVEN.' One of the items, of the enjoyable entertainment, in the Pine Grove, on the border of the beautiful little Lake in the land of Canaan, at the annual Social Gathering of the Novitiate Order of Mt. Lebanon, August 19th, was the following Colloquy by and between Ann Offord, Charlotte Byrdsall, Martha J. Anderson, Melissa Sotjle, and Margaret Cleveland. Martha. — What is Religion? has often been asked. Is it strange that such query should arise in intelligent minds, when there has ever existed such a contrariety of opinions respecting its true spirit ? History abounds with records of bitter strife, animosity and devastating wars, all in consequence of difference in religious views. One might judge that what is claimed as the religious principle in human nature, is only a power to awaken, rather than to control and subdue, the gross passions and propensities. It would seem that there is no zeal so ardent, no spirit so unrelenting, as that which is inspired through preconceived ideas of what is right, and a desire to control the consciences of others. Such intense fervor has produced the torture-room — the gibbet — and the rack ; while thousands of innocent martyrs have perished in the flames of its diabolical wrath. With this view of what has been termed Religion, is it to be wondered at that there are so many infidels and skeptics? Ann. — Not at all; but Religion has a broader basis than mere belief. It is a soul element, the outgrowth of high ennobling faculties — Veneration, Spirituality and Hope. Through Veneration we seek some object for worship ; through Spirituality comes holy aspiration for goodness — a desire to become like our ideal — while Hope ever presents the prospect of immortality and blissful existence. Char. — Just here we must make a distinction between Theology and Religion. In reviewing ancient and modern history, we clearly perceive that all conflict and strife have arisen from a difference in belief, and not from the truly religious element in humanity. Melissa.— That is a proper consideration; a theme that has more, or less engaged heart and mind from the earliest history of our race. We need to have clear conceptions of truth, which will enable us to consider that human beings, in their varied degrees of intellectual and spiritual progress, naturally entertain antagonistic ideas of God. Without the light of revelation we mistake the letter for the spirit, proselyting zeal for virtue ; a hatred of persons for love of God. Margaret.— All forms of life have their progressive stages of growth and development. Thus it is with the human race. From low organisms, have been evolved increasing degrees of intellectuality and spirituality, through which we trace higher and higher forms of religion,— proving that Reason and Conscience combine in true conceptions of the Divine Mind, as manifested in higher life and being. The uncivilized and barbarous races still cling to their crude representations of Deity ; and their forms of worship are expressive of sensual and passional emotion. Ann. — Heart-sickening are the scenes of idolatrous worship, described in history. People were seemingly led by blind ignorance,without the aid of reason and knowledge ; the sensual dynasty instead of morality and virtue reigned supreme. Martha — The Feticism of Western Africa lingers to-day, while its intellectual antipode, 86 8HAKEE manifested in the highest type of scientifically enlightened manhood — Tyndall — perceives God as the great unfathomable, without bound or limit, the grand centre of inextinguishable light and glory, whence proceeded life, love, and the continuous creations of mind and. matter ; yet, impersonal. To Believers, the Christ Spirits reveal God as Wisdom and Love — Our Heavenly Father and Mother. Melissa. — From Polytheism to Monotheism we can trace the progress of thought and an increasing degree of revelation. As far back as Abraham we read that his mission was to introduce the worship of the one true God, and to break up the forms of idolatry then existing. This he did not effectually accomplish ; for, notwithstanding his faithful and earnest exhortations, even his relatives clung to their idolatrous worship, and for many years after, Mecca was the only place where the doctrine of one God was taught. ' Many worshiped the spirits of the stars whom they called the sons and daughters of God.' To them God was an abstraction. The Gods of their own creation were the popular objects of worship. Margaret.— This illustrates the tenacity with which mankind cling to traditional ideas. Truth has ever battled her way through error's legions, but the ground she has gained is clear, and as there is a ' growth in grace ' and in reason, her way is made easier. Char.— Many sins in all ages, have been disguised under a profession of Eeligion. Under that cloak Sodom sinned. David, called the man after God's own heart, gloried in sexual indulgence — and Solomon, with all his wisdom and knowledge, reveled in carnality. Greece, with her learning, reared temples which were devoted to infamous purposes, and Rome added to the list by her degrading festivities. England, also, with her Church and State government, has produced a score of ignoble rulers, like the eighth Henry, and her history is stained with the blood of martyrs, who were sacrificed for what was deemed heresy. Their religion was a prostitution of virtue. The God they worshiped sanctioned war. His very breath would blight the germs of true religon. Ann.— The so-called Christian nations of Europe, who profess to follow Jesus — the highest ideal of perfected life—whose example has illumined many sin-darkened souls — are warring nations; and their religious history, instead of wearing the laurels of peace and purity gained by the self Conqueror, is blackened with crime. Their religious life and practice, fall below the standard of the Buddhists and Brahmins of the East, for they do not stand in warlike antagonism with brethren of the same faith, nor of any other faith. Martha.— I have been interested in reading some accounts of the origin of the three great Religions of the East, Brahmanism, Buddhism and Mohammedanism. Around those strongly fortified systems cluster much that is traditional and legendary ; but their great central truths are effective in binding upon their devotees certain moral and religious obligations, which have elevated them above gross idolatry, and, in some respects, such as honesty in dealing, and pure morality, they eclipse many sects of professing Christians. Not that their faith is superior, but their practice is more in accordance with their faith. Margaret,— We will here repeat the eight steps arising from the four sublime truths that form the basis of Buddhism, which when perfectly attained, the soul reaches that inexpressible condition called ' Nirvana,' the meaning of which cannot be explained, but evidently conveys the idea of perfection — an inner consciousness of rest from conflict — corresponding with the Christian's heaven, or kingdom of God. The first step is Right belief, or the correct faith. Second. Right judgment, or wise application of that faith, to life. Third. Right utterance, or perfect truth, in all we say and do. F'ourth. — Right motives, or proposing always a proper end and aim. Fifth. Right occupation, or an outward life not involving sin. Sixth. Right obedience, or faithful observance of duty. Seventh. Right memory, or a proper recollection of past conduct. Eighth. Right meditation, or keeping the mind fixed on permanent truth. Ann.— I think that would be a good code of morals for any people, whatever their profession. Some physiological truth was also inculcated in their system. The application of the unconditional command, ' Thou shalt not kill,' has much to do with softening the manners of the Mongols. They are not a fierce people, and are decidedly opposed to war. Melissa.— There is indeed much of interest in the history of those religious Powers. In some respects they, who call themselves Christians, may learn of them. We cannot pass over the fact that Buddhism, with its errors and superstitions, has neither deceived, nor persecuted — has not formed inquisitions, nor possessed and cultivated feelings of antipathy toward those who profess other faiths — believing that all manifestations of Religion are but an outgrowth of one true faith. Char.— ' The heart of man is not innately vile.' It only awaits the law of progress, and the increasing light of revelation, in physiological, scientific and spiritual truth, to lead it from the contracted cell state of ignorance, to the pure light of true Religion. It is pleasant to review the history of the past, and gather the gems of Wisdom and Goodness, which the Spirit of Truth has scattered along the pathway of human progress. As the poet beautifully and truthfully expresses it:— ' God sends his teachers unto every age, To every clime and every race of men, With revelations fitted to their growth And shape of mind ; nor gives the realm of Truth Into the selfish rule of one sole race. Therefore each form of worship that hath swayed The life of man, and given it to grasp The master key of knowledge. Reverence, Enfolds some germs of goodness and of right.' Martha. — It is true that every age and race have had their inspired prophets and teachers; this is God's method of improving mankind. No truth that has ever been revealed will be lost; it may drop off its old forms, but will be re-incarnated in new ones, fitted to the growth and comprehension of the minds of men. Thus we trace Infinite Wisdom and Love working their way through the frailties — passions — conscious longings and aspirations of finite beings. Ann. — Under the laws of evolution, Scientists tell us that species of animals and genera of plants have been perfected ; that the earth is going through constant changes from lower to higher forms of life. A corresponding condition must exist in the higher realm of mind and spirit; for the worlds of mind and matter stand in a correlative position, and are acted upon by the laws of causation, proceeding from the primal fountain of all progress. There is no retrogression. Life moves spirally, ever up and up. Change, growth and development are stamped on all created things. Margaret. — Then, it is by the law of evolution that we account for the liberalizing influences which permeate society and give, to all, the unmolested right to their own conscientious belief; for certainly we live in a time, when the eternal gates of truth are ajar, and we catch glimpses of light which bespeak regenerated life in the political, social and religious worlds. Melissa. — There is great need of reorganization, and renovation, in all the departments of life. We have cause of gratitude, that much has already been done to expand religious thought, and establish just civil government. We who live under the blessing of Republican institutions, feel not the restrictions felt by those whose lot is cast in lands where Church and State, combined, bear rule, crushing spiritual freedom. It is evident there is a power a,t work, even in the old world, which will silently, but effectually, burst the chains of tyranny that have so long fettered the minds and consciences of men. Martha. —¦ It does not seem much like it, when we consider the course that Russia has latelv taken with the Menonites. Char. — There will be turnings and overturnings, and much injustice will yet be done; but the general aspect and signs, as they appear, are encouraging. Margaret. — I was glad to hear that the great question which has agitated the public mind for some time past, concerning the proposed sectarian amendment of the Constitution, has been so wisely settled; evincing that those to whom it was referred comprehended the evil that would result from the recognition of church creeds and dogmas, in an infidel — materialistic — constitution. A constitution oblivious of religious sects. Martha. — I wonder if Solomon ever had such complex questions to tax and perplex his superior judgment. I think it requires great skill in this day to guide the helm of the Ship of State, that she may not founder, and be submerged in the sea of political intrigue and social problems. Ann. — That judicial decision will lift a great weight off the minds of liberal reformers and freethinkers of our day. A few years ago it might have been decided in favor of Sectarianism. But, thank God, the Seers of our time have had the moral courage to lift their voices, and dip their pens in the living inspiration of truth — denounce the error, and prevent the fatal step, which would inevitably have led to war and bloodshed. We now rejoice in the happy consummation of their efforts for humanity's good. Melissa. — I think modern Spiritualism has been a powerful wedge driven by an unseen hand, to split the knotty questions of human rights and privileges — breaking up old forms — bringing forth increasing revelations of truth, which are completely revising old orthodox conceptions of the mystery of godliness, and of future rewards and punishments. Ann. — Spiritualism is becoming popular. It has made rapid advances. We now hear of seances in royal palaces. Eminent scientists after thorough investigation, fail to give proof against the genuineness of its phenomena. Men of all professions, whose strength of mind and character give them high position, have been convinced of its facts. Who can say unseen intelligences are not effective in producing right impressions in reference to important questions which agitate the public mind in regard to civil polity, as well as Religion ? Can we not see an overruling power ir» the triumph of right so lately achieved ? One of the prophets foretold, that in the latter day, ' God would set up a kingdom which would never be destroyed,' and that it would be a refuge for all nations. How could such a kingdom exist except under an infidel, or more properly, a materialistic, form of government ? Char.— It could not; but there is another point I wish to refer to. Do we not observe that as Spiritualism becomes popular, spiritual wickedness increases? While the doors are open to the spirit-world, and there is free communication, all classes of spirits find access to mixed circles, and varied conditions. It is written, When the sods of God came to worship, satan came also, clearly indicating that where the avenues are open, evil seeks to find entrance. Thus has it been through the long career of Spiritualism — the good and evil have ministered through imperfect media. Those who, while on earth, knew only a life of sensuality, have not quenched the fires of passion, by the dissolution of the body. They hover over and obsess mortals, with carnal desires and soul-destroying doctrines ; and many, at the present time, while under the power of diabolical influences, are bold in the assertion that it is right to live in the unrestrained indulgence of the sexual functions, without regard to the law of use, to conditions, seasons, or restrictive bonds of the matrimonial relation. Children, too, are strengthened in the ways of self-destruction, until it would seem that the race is hurrying into the vortex of sensuality. Margaret. — From a high moral and spiritual point of observation, we can clearly discern the evil that is rolling over the earth, from this source, like a mighty flood, and it should be a warning to us, to raise higher the unerring standard of Purity, and to hold it with a still firmer grasp, that it may be preserved untarnished through all conflicts, while AND 8HAKBEESS. 87 the faithful are contending with the dragon power — lust — which has drawn down so many of the stars of the old heavens to darkness and sorrow. Martha. — Spiritualism has done a good work, and it has had its evil phases, which it is right to consider. For want of proper guidance, many have been led astray. If communication should be held with the living spirits of a century ago — who boldly shook themselves from the chains of British tyranny, through sacrifice of life and property — and wrote the immortal Declaration of Independence, while the burning fires of freedom glowed in their souls; would there not be some stirring communications ? Would it not be wise to employ Franklin (who is no doubt still active in his scientific pursuits,) to establish an electric line of communication between some of the Congressional courts in the Spirit world, and the Capitol of our great country, that an earthly government may be established, under just legislation and sound policy, instead of bartering principles for gold, and yielding the weight of national claims and duties to selfish aims and purposes'? What a change would thus be wrought! Char.— That is true; Spiritualism, if comprehended, would be of great value to the human race ; but it must be understood as a Science, not as a Religion. It does not contain the power of salvation, but enlightens the understanding—gives clear views of the inner state of existence — and imparts the hope of salvation — It is the Angel of Light. See Rev. 18. Melissa.— I think that if Spiritism were substituted for Spiritualism, it would better express the external revealments and marvelous manifestations of psychical force, operative on material things. Margaret.— It would most certainly. The question occurs to my mind, How is it that we make the assertion, that the founders of our government were infidel, when history speaks differently ? Washington was said to be a man of faith and prayer, and I have read many sketches of their lives, which clearly indicate that they were possessed of deep religious feeling. Ann.— They may have been deeply religious, and yet have been infidel to the popular forms of religious belief, preferring that every one should give expression to his and her own conscientious opinions. Martha.— There have always been those who were deemed irreligious, because they made no profession of unity with church organizations, but whose lives, in reality, comported more with goodness and truth, than many who weekly attend church, rehearse prayers, and mournfully attest to the truth of being great sinners, yet change not their characters. Char. —Cheerfulness is Religion's companion, and happy are they who are under her influence. I believe we have all been more or less impressed with the sombre aspect of Religion, in our early days. In attending the religious meetings of different denominations, even when a child, if I saw any of the church members cheerful, I thought they should be lost in silence and solemnity, or they were not living according to their profession. This was the effect of an anti-christian education. Melissa. — We have all been under the same deadening dogmas ; but many persons, who are brought up within the pale of the Church become infidel to its views, when they arrive at an age to think, j udge and decide for themselves. Margaret. — Truth gleams over the earth, and occasionally there are minds prepared to advance beyond the common mould of thought. Such receive new revelations, and go before the people, like John the Baptist, sowing seed, that shall perfect fruit for the Millennial harvest. Melissa.— It is right that we should be prepared for the increase of truth, and recognize a growth of mind in the outside world; but it would seem that the truly religious element is at a low ebb. At least there is very little power of conviction at work in the hearts of the people, at the present time. ' The multitudes rush to and fro in quest of knowledge ' and yet lack that knowledge — wisdom — which saves from sin in its many destructive forms. Martha. — A truly religious life, no vain ambition, nor tyrannical rule can overthrow ; as was proved by Jesus, Mother Ann, Madame Guion, Fenelon, and many other bright lights, which the persecutor's rage could not extinguish. Margaret. — Though many have been nobly devoted to Truth, and have suffered for its sake, I would that there were many more to impart zeal for holy things. The present generations seem destitute of energy and true fervor of spirit. Their attention is turned to the external. Religion, with them, is theoretical, and assumes the form of Sentimentalism, rather than practical virtue. Even among us, zeal — the true Christ-baptism — that lifts above the vain and unreal, into the conscious realms of untiring spiritual action, is, at times, deficient. Ann. — ' Vanity of vanities ' might be inscribed on the present phase of life. ' The lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye and pride of life ' have unlimited sway among the people. A distaste for enjoyment in truthful realities gives the young a thirst for exciting pleasure — frivolous reading—false notions of dress—stimulating diet — an altogether artificial mode of living. The primitive simplicity of our forefathers is lost sight of, and consequently there is degeneracy and effeminacy. Martha. — We cannot wonder at this. Could we accurately discern the signs of the times, we should conclude we were about entering upon a new epoch. The revolutions in Science, presage the upheaval of the spiritual elements. Ere long, a mighty wave of inspiration shall flood the earth, awakening the latent germs of spirituality, and producing a revival — an outpouring of the Spirit, that shall turn the tide of life into the channel of reality, and effect a work of righteousness. Melissa. — The Religion greatly needed is strength to subdue me and mine — the selfish principle in the human heart — to extirpate war and establish peace — to create a sphere of universal love, from which shall emanate kindness, even toward the animal creation; and wliicli will admit of no law in violation of equality and right. Char. — Must history ever repeat itself in individuals, as well as nations? Shall the inordinate thirst for power produce war and bloodshed, through all time ? Must life be sacrificed for human sustenance, when God's beneficent hand has spread the fields, and given the seed that will pi-oduce a golden harvest of precious grain, and luscious fruit, for food, ample to supply the muscle and brain of those who earn their sweets? Must some toil beneath the ban of poverty, beyond their strength, for a mere pittance, to sustain others in luxury and idleness, because Mammon hath not elevated them to its standard ? These are the questions which arise in the mind, when we behold the extremes of life, and the wrong usages of society. Melissa.— When the higher and more spiritual forces control, those troubles will cease. The elements of nature, when stilled beneath that power, will bring no more the revolutions of error and sin. Evils will increase before that event. Society will feel the full force of wrong doing; and arousing to a realizing sense of surrounding conditions, will, by the help of the good Spirit effect a great change ; firstly by individuals bettering their own lives. Ann.—' Lord what shall I do to be saved ? ' is ever the cry of a convicted soul. We may comprehend principles —theorize intellectually — and behold, afar off, the glory and beauty of a life of virtue and goodness; but, unless the heart be touched by the fire of truth, and a practical work of reformation be begun in the soul, we shall in no wise realize the fulfillment of a perfected life. Margaret.— There are wise lessons of instruction which we may gather, from the experience of preceding ages, and perfect by the spirit of inspiration. Martha. — The gold and silver threads of inspiration and revelation, are interwoven through the long woof of human experience. At no period of time has the Divine Spirit left mankind entirely to the guidance of frail human nature. According to our power and capacity, we are constituted guardians of goodness, and while we uplift the standard of our day, and live to the law of obedience, we shall be as stars to guide others to the truth, who in their turn will do likewise. Thus the car of Progress is slowly but surely advanced toward the golden age of perfected knowledge — Religion. Melissa. — As we believe, the time draws near, when many will be led to Mt. Zion, under spiritual awakening ; should we not be more zealous in performing our own work, that we be not unfaithful stewards in the house of God, nor have our birthright taken from us ? We have every opportunity for spiritual growth and advancement, and of all people should be the most religious. According to our light and understanding so will be our judgment. Margaret. — Religion is a theme on which much has been said and written, yet comparatively few have comprehended its true meaning, or practically lived out its spirit. Of all people, Believers are most favorably conditioned to illustrate it in its full meaning, in the every day duties of life. According to the precept, ' Labor is worship and prayer,' ours is a life religion. Ann. — And all may possess this gospel, without money or price. They to whom we look as our exemplars in virtue, meekness and every good grace, were poor. No outward advantages distinguished them from the common people ; and no worldly honor gave them dominion. Their superiority was in their life work ; their glory, that of the self-conqueror— their honor that which cometh from God. Melissa. — It is well for all to consider for what end and purpose they are living. Man's earthly existence is like a shadow flitting over the rainbow. As the ages glide away, the sons and daughters of men, the youth in life's green spring, and they who go in the full strength of years, the aged and the infant, shall one by one be gathered to the land of souls. Life is uncertain; but wThen based upon true principles, we can brave the storms and tempests that may come ; for Religion is our anchor ; and when we have finished our work in time, angels will bear us in safety to our immortal home; and we shall rest in the tranquillity and confidence of those ' who wrap the drapery of their couch about them and lie down to pleasant dreams.' Char. — We appear and disappear, as sunbeams, through the clouds. The thousands who walk the earth to-day will vanish as the dew. The plants that blossom but to fade, have as firm claim on life as the proud monarch who sways the scepter of power in the earth ; but through all life's changes, Religion is the hope of the human heart. Martha. — The noble Athenian philosopher said to his disciple ' He may bury my body, but let him not think he buries Socrates.' So in reviewing the past history of the race, we see that Truth stands in the same relation to man that the Soul does to the Body. It has had many forms, which have been subject to transmutation. But Truth — the very soul of existence — remains the same, yesterday, now and forever. Genuine belief helps to form true modes of thought; yet, however absurd any form of belief may appear to us, we are bound, in the name of Religion, to respect every sincere opinion. Religion, whatever form it may wear—be it enshrined in the mysticism of Heathen Mythology, or enthroned in ideals of pure Reason — we should regard in the same reverent spirit. Margaret.— It has been said 'there have been but few voices, in the world, and many echoes.' The same desires, questionings, aspirations and hopes have moved the human heart and mind, only varying in form, according to the growth of the ages. It is interesting to candid, reflective persons, to glean from the vast fields of spiritual knowledge and experience precious seeds of Truth, to sow in the soil of their own hearts, that it may by culture, bring forth a hundred fold of good, that they may have wherewith to scatter blessings over the earth.