LETTERS FROM THE EAST James M. Peebles in writing letters to the Banner of Light during his late protracted journey, treats of the alleged impracticability of reformers and of Christian teachings before the advent of Jesus, in this manner: Apollonus of Tyana, the rival of the Nazarene, was a mediumistic ' mendicant;' Cleanthes was a 'vagrant;' Jesus 'impracticable.' These are the frisky judgments of pert, mole-eyed men ! Seen from the slough of selfishness and measured by a miser's standard, Jesus was decidedly impracticable. Listen : ' Lay not up for yourselves treasures on earth ' — ' When thou makest a dinner or supper, call not thy friends, thy brethren, thy kinsmen, nor rich neighbors to the feast, but call the poor, the maimed, the lame and the blind.'—¦ Nothing to a vain externalist could be more unnatural—nothing more egregiously impracticable to fashionable, pharisaic worldlings! The beautiful hymn of Cleanthes to Jupiter, from which Paul quoted this to the Athenians— ' For we are also his offspring,' will live on the page of poesy forever. And yet, poor, kind-hearted Cleanthes, who gratuitously taught philosophy and religion, was, upon the complaint of an envious and pompous Greek, brought before the tribunal of Arcophagus and charged with having no visible means of support. Shadow-days have their compensations—justice is ultimately done. The moral teachings of Jesus and Cleanthes' hymn are in literature immortal, while the names and memories of their persecutors are rotting to nothingness in a resurrectionless oblivion. Jesus was born a peasant. Mary was gjod and pure-minded. Joseph was a country carpenter. Judea, geographically insignificant and numerically small, was at this time in a condition of political and religious decadence. The whole land had nothing to inspire faith. Its Shekinah was eclipsed, its prophets dumb, and its very memories like the embalmed mummies of Mizraim. An alien race sat upon the Syrian throne. A Eoman official presided in the Judgment Hall. Roman soldiers paraded the streets, Roman officers levied and collected the taxes, and Roman coins circulated in the markets. The Jews at this period were narrow, selfish, proud. Hatred of Gentiles was a virtue ; help for suffering foreigners little better than a crime. Religion was a form; fasts fashionable, and a broad, cosmopolitan charity unknown. Jesus lacked early culture. John and James were scholars. Though uneducated in dialectics and the classics, Jesus was nevertheless clairvoyant, clairaudient and marvelously intuitional. Accompanied by a legion of heavenly angels, he stood above human laws—a law unto himself— unique, emotional, incomparable. The schools of the Rabbis being but conservatories of traditions, Jesus, inspired by his spirit-guides, traveled in foreign countries—Egypt, Assyria, Persia, studying the mysteries of the seers, and listening to the voices of ascended gods. He sat at the feet of religious mystics, magi, and gymnosophists; Plato at the feet of orators and logicians. Jesus, whose daily psalm was love, whose touch was a blessing, and presence a benediction, cultivated the sympathetic, the self-denying, the religious faculties; but Plato the perceptive and the philosophical. Centuries have rolled into the abysmal past. Now millions march under the banner of the Cross, made memorable by the martyrdom of that religious enthusiast and radical Palestinian reformer. The once thorn-crowned Jesus Christ is now companioned -with those celestial angels, the presence of which make radiant the kingdom of God. The pre-eminent greatness of Jesus consisted in his fine harmonial organization; in a constant overshadowing of angelic influences; in the depth of his spirituality and love; in the keenness of his moral perceptions ; in the expansiveness and warmth of his sympathies; in his unshadowed sincerity of heart; in his deep schooling into the spiritual gifts of Essenian circles and Egyptian mysteries; in his soul-pervading spirit of obedience to the mandates of right manifest in himself; in his unwearied, self-forgetting, self-sacrificing devotion to the welfare of universal humanity, and his perfect trust in God. CHRISTIAN TEACHINGS BEFORE THE TIME OF JESUS CHRIST. The patriarch Abraham, when returning from the 'slaughter of the kings,' convicted of the sin of war, met Melchisedec, King of Salem, priest of the most high God, and received his blessing. Abraham, conscious of the superiority of this soconsidered 'heathen' King of Salem, King of Peace, paid tithes, giving him at once 'a tenth of all.' But 'who was Melchisedec?' Why, he was the king of some contiguous nation—the peaceking of Salem, the baptized of Christ—in a word, a Christian! This Christ-spirit, or Christ-principle, is truly 'without father or mother, without descent, having neither beginning of. days nor end of life—a continually abiding priest.' There were Christians in those pre-historic periods; Christians in golden ages past; Christians long before the Old Testament patriarchs traversed the plains of Shinar, and Christians who spoke the ancient and mellifluous Sanscrit. Many of the most genuine and self-sacrificing Christians on earth to-day are Brahmins and Buddhists. All great souls, under whatever skies, and in whatever period of antiquity, baptized by the Christspirit of peace, purity and love, and illumined by the Divine Reason, were Christians ! Bigandet, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Eamatha, and apostolic Vicar of Ava and Pegu, says (Life of Buddha, p. 494): 'There are many moral precepts equally commanded and enforced in common by both the Buddhist and Christian creeds. It will not be deemed rash to assert that most of the moral truths prescribed by the gospel are to be met with in the Buddhistic Scriptures. * * * In reading the particulars of the life of the last Buddha, Gaudama, it is impossible not to feel reminded of many circumstances relating to our Saviour's life, such as it has been sketched out by the evangelists.' St. Augustine, treating of the origin of Christianity, affirms that— ' The thing itself, which is now called the Christian Religion, really was known to the ancients, nor was wanting at any time from the beginning of the human race, until the time when Chi-ist came in the flesh; from whence the true religion, which had previously existed, began to be called Christian: and this in our day is called the Christian religion, not as having been wanting in former times, but having in latter times received its name.' The Emperor Hadrian, writing to Servianus while visiting Alexandria and referring to the religion of the old Egyptians, assures us that— 'The worshipers of Serapis are also Christians; for T find that the priests devoted to him call themselves the bishops of Christ.' Clemens Alexandrinus, so eminent in the early church, admitted that— ' Those who lived according to the true Logos, were really Christians, though they have been thought to be Atheists, as Socrates and Heraclitus among the Greeks.' The Rev. Dr. dimming, of London, in his discourse upon the ' Citizens of the New Jerusalem,' says: 'It is a mistake to suppose that Christianity began only eighteen hundred years ago; it began SHAKER AND 82 8HAKEEESS. 83 nearly six thousand years ago; it was preached amid the wrecks of Eden.' The learned Baboo Keshub Chunder Sen, whom I have met several times both in London and Calcutta, said in a discourse just previous to leaving England for India: 'The Hindoo, therefore, who believes in God, is a Christian. If purity, truth and self-denial are Christian virtues, then Christianity is everywhere where these virtues are to be found, without regard to whether the possessors are called Christians. Hindoos or Mahometans. Hence it comes that many Hindoos are far better Christians than manj; who call themselves so. The result of my visit is, I came as a Hindoo, I return a confirmed Hindoo. I have not accepted one doctrine which did not previously exist in my mind.' This rational position lifts the Christianity of the ages out of the slough of sect—out of the realm of the partial, and places it upon the basic foundation of the universal. Seen from this sublime altitude, all true resurrected celibate, communistic, Peace-practicing Spiritualists are Christians, recognizing the evangelist's affirmation that 'Christ had a glory with the Father before the world was;' and, furthermore, that 'Christ is the chief among ten thousand, and the one altogether lovely!' A Christian, then, is one who has been baptized with the Christ Spirit, and who lives in continued obedience to its inspirations. — Ed.