WHO ARE CHRISTIANS ? None but those who follow Christ in the regeneration. Jesus said, ' Take my yoke upon you and learn of me, for I am meek and lowly of heart, and ye shall find rest to your souls.' A beautiful promise, to such as wish to become meek and lowly, take up a daily cross and live the life of Christ and the Apostles. We learn of Christ that to become his disciples, we must come out from the world, forsake the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye and the pride of life. These are of the world. We believe the Saviour meant what he spake when he said,' Except a man forsake all that he hath he cannot be my disciple.' Again ' Except a man forsake father, mother, wife and children, houses and lands, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple.' The Apostle said, ' We look for a New Heaven and a New Earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness.' Generation, husband and wife, with selfishness, pertain not to the New Heaven. There is no half-way station between generation and regeneration. All are living in one element or the other. Christ came to establish a new principle, that of loving our neighbor as ourselves. This is the test of discipleship. There is, in the world, what passes for love—but with more propriety, it might be called by another name —lust. We read ' Old things shall be done away, and all things become new' —of God. The marriage relation, as it generally exists, is as old as when Adam and Eve, in disobedience, begat Cain. Poor, frail humanity has, by similar means—disobedience—been raising Cains ever since. Christ comes as a refiner—to cleanse, purify and make us fit Temples of the Holy Spirit. Do some choose darkness, rather than light ? Why ? Is it because their deeds are evil, and they prefer to do evil ? They, who are in the light, love the light, that it may be manifest, their works are wrought in God. Christians are called to be light to the world—to have no fellowship with works of darkness. The writer has heard some, who claim to be Christians, say—' I sin daily.' I didn't dispute them—nor do I dispute Jesus, when he says, ' He that committeth sin is of the devil.' As none can serve two masters, the devil must have the first claim to all sinning Christians. ' With the heart man believeth—with the mouth confession is made, unto salvation.' If there be any, who can't cease sinning, is it not because they have not made honest confession, of past sins, and repented of them ? By honest confession, in the Divinely appointed Order, we receive power to say, ' Get behind me, satan '—and are obeyed. To Purity-loving minds, the way is open, to Salvation from sin. Elder Simon Maybe, Hancock, Mass.