EVOLUTION Will Shakerism, if successful in its missionary designs, run the world out ? Will it exterminate the race? Nay, Shakerism is the result of Evolution—the fruit of the tree of Humanity — Orderly Generation and prospective Regeneration. The Law and the Prophets were until John, the last and greatest of the Prophets, who baptized Jesus with the Christ Spirit, and he became a Christian. Then the Kingdom of Heaven was preached, and all men progress toward it. All, born into this world, die. All who die, unresurrected from the generative Order, will, in some of the hours of eternity, become Shakers. If right for some, while in the body, to rise, in the Resurrection Order, is it wrong for all others not to so rise ? Or, if right for the many to live and perpetuate life, is it wrong for the few not to propagate ? Is there any Law — of God— under which, to abstain from physical parentage, is a right and a duty ? or can a man, or woman live a celibate life, in thought, word and deed, and be a perfectly developed human being — comfortable, useful and happy ? And can a man, or woman become, to the highest degree, spiritualized, without refraining from amativeness on the physical plane ? May flesh and spirit be united and constitute Christian husband, wife, father, mother, brothers, sisters, sons, daughters, houses and lands, on the Earth, as in Protestantism ? If generation be right, per se, is celibacy wrong? If Celibacy be right,per se,\s generation wrong ? Or are both right — each in its own Order — being different stages, phases, or cycles of human progress, under the Law of Evolution ? Or, is there but one plane of being, in this world, and one heaven and one hell, in the next ? And, at death, do all go to one, or the other ? If so, will children, who die before and after birth, with no developed character — having done neither good nor evil —all be in a lake of fire and brimstone, for eternity ? Or will they be in a Paradise of glorious felicity, for which they are equally unprepared, and of which they are quite as undeserving? Are the millions of Heathens, so called in theological and unhumanitarian contempt, all consigned to the aforesaid lake ? The principal difference between marrying, fighting, private-property-holding Christians, and these Heathens, consists in points of belief. Comparing the Trinity, Atonement,Vicarious sacrifices, Physical Resurrection, Justification by faith without good actions, etc., with Buddhist Theology, the difference is largely in favor of the latter. Shaker Probation, after death, solves knotty problems, and justifies the way of God to man. How can persons believe right, unless they have the will to do right ? Condition determines capacity. In Physiology, persons, who eat, drink, breathe, exercise bodily and mental powers, to their best perception of right today, may, to-morrow, see that in all these they were wrong. To receive Truth, in the love of truth, unbiased by educational prepossession — to observe facts, gather ideas, compare, deduce and arrange, with the view to build up a system of truthful conduct, is noble. The reverse — using facts, ideas, knowledge, to sustain preconceived theory, for short-sighted, selfish purposes and habits, is ignoble. Thus, truth may be held in unrighteousness, and the Grace of God turned to licentiousness, war and covetousness. Persecution, for mere belief, arises from unprogressed selfhood — fear of consequences that might flow from the admission of new truth. As the Catholic Priesthood feared the consequences of admitting that the earth revolved upon its axis, as Protestant Clergy and Doctors opposed Harvey's circulation of the blood, and now dispute the records of Geology, even as Paine disputed their Bible records, so does Tyndall paralyze generative Christianity, with discharges from the Battery of Scientific Truth.