TRUTH Truth in a qualified sense, may be considered as the foundation of the Universe. There are a diversity of Truths; when classified, they would come under the head of Scientific, Moral, Theological and Spiritual; each, and all, in their multifarious forms have a bearing upon the human mind, and help to make the real man or woman. The Moralist seeks Truth, the application of which will elevate man in his social relations, and make him a better citizen — wiser — more just and honest in his dealings with his fellow men — temperate in all things — sober and considerate in word and action, neither giving nor taking offense; but reducing the beautiful theories which he has conceived to practice; i. e. be governed by the law of right. The Scientist, in his department of labor, probes and searches the bowels of the earth — dives into the depths of the Ocean — scans the illimitable stellar regions to obtain knowledge and understanding of things hitherto hidden from mental, and optic vision ; thus educating the race to a truer conception of the Divine mind. Without such knowledge, we should have very crude and imperfect ideas of the earth under our feet, or of the heavens above us. The Theologian, who is honest and sincere in his searchings after religious Truth, and is prompted by noble sentiments and high aspirations to save immortal souls, will be blest in his efforts, and help to progress humanity. But in this broad field, there has been great diversity of opinions, many speculations and conflicting ideas, arising from different organisms, being constitutionally diverse in modes of thought, and the capacity to comprehend spiritual Truth, which is ever developing and revealing new forms of life and beauty, through psychological forces. Hence we find some theological disputants forming Deities after their own modes of thought, having parts and passions like themselves; and creating a system as contradictory, as it is inconsistent ; representing God as being at one time moved by love ; at another time by anger, jealousy, moods and tempers which we would hardly be willing to own that ourselves were governed by. If we judge of Deity by external manifestations, we must conclude that He and She are the perfect embodiment of Wisdom 8HAKEE and Love in the broadest sense and most significant application. The Father and Mother of the Universe of Mind and Matter. Truth, like precious gems lie scattered here and there to be gathered and appropriated by whomsoever found. Real religious spiritual Truth which flows from the deep emotional and devotional feelings of the soul, and reaches to the inner realms of divine light and life rises above and is superior to all other truth — or it is the great center to which all other truths converge. There is Power in it, which few have as yet even dreamed of — a power emanating from the throne of Deity ! and who shall withstand its mighty influence 1 It will eventually progress humanity to the condition, and position in the scale of being, that they were created to occupy — Lords of creation — ruling, not by animal'force, but through love, which is the most potent force known in the realm of mind. It will subdue all opposing forces in its course of action, till God shall finally be all in all—the center and circumference — the Alpha and Omega. Blessed f orevermore shall be this power that permeates all things animate and inanimate ! To it we bow in reverence and filial love. With Truth for our motto we will march on to perfect victory ; and love shall be one of our guiding stars in our onward progress home to God. Love's a fountain deep and pure ; Love will make us firm and sure; Love will banish every wrong, Love we'll make our constant song. Hail all hail! the pow'r of Love, Wafted from the spheres above, Joining every heart in one, Father, mother, daughter, son. May we ever keep in view How this love creates anew Every trusting, pleading soul, Under its benign control. It doth brighten as our sight, Opes to catch new rays of light 'Mid the changing scenes of life 'Mid the conflicts and the strife. Love shall ever be my theme ; Blessed pow'r on which to lean : And on this consecrated spot, I give this pledge, refuse it not. Timothy Rayson, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.