Mt. Lebanon, Aug. 23,1874 Brother Daniel Orcutt : You say, ' If you keep your thoughts pure, and bring them nto complete subjection to the obedience of Christ — God — Good — then will your life be blameless.'' Beloved counselor, if every young person in Zion, reaped as much benefit from your contribution in the August S. &amp; S., as I did, you would have cause to rejoice that you had written to such good effect. I thank you for it from the bottom of my heart, I love the spirit that prompted you to write it. I read it carefully over and over again, and finally came to the conclusion that it had been written especially for my benefit. I am eighteen years of age, and have been among Believers some seven months. My experience here and elsewhere tells me, that it is harboring evil thoughts and imaginations, that prove disastrous stumbling blocks to the youth of Zion. The young and untraveled are apt to pride themselves on their deliverance from temptation, and not to hold their calling with sufficient sacredness, forgetting the duty they owe to those who have done so much to create and sustain the pure atmosphere into which they have been providentially brought. After having been here long enough to conquer and get the ascendency of some bad habits, which they never should have acquired; they begin to feel as if they had done about all that was to be expected of them, and then they ruminate after this manner. All praise to me ! for the manly way in which / have delivered myself from vice. I have now so fully recovered myself that the Devil can never reclaim me; therefore I can read any book, paper or pamphlet without its injuring me. Satan knows our weakest points and there he directs his power. I am sorry to say I am stating my own case ; but, I think human nature is much alike all over. To be continually cultivating a simple, lowly, dependent, and thankful feeling, is, I find, youth's surest safeguard against impure imaginations. Pledging myself to be more watchful, and thankful to you for your counsel to ' Youths of Zion,' I am happy to sign myself One of them. Theodore Gorham, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.