THE SHAKERS Jefferson Democrat. Esteemed editor, in the brief conversation we had the other day, you asked me some questions about the Shakers, remarking at the same time that you had ' heard some pretty hard tales about them.' I had not time then to answer your questions definitely, yet you will doubtless remember that the few statements I made were in defense of the Shaker order. After we parted I was meditating upon the import of the questions you had with so much candor asked me, and wondering why it was that the multitudes of people in the world,who are so intelligent upon general subjects, should have such limited knowledge, and such mistaken opinions respecting a body of Christian professors, whose teachings have been freely offered to the people for a hundred years. The Divine law is, ' Ask, and ye shall receive.' You have, asked, and I offer to let all who read your paper know that Shakers are an interesting class of Christian people. There are many sects and divisions of people all claiming the right and title to the name ' Christian.' If obeying the precepts of Jesus, and endeavoring to follow his example on earth, will give any people the right to be called ' Christians,' there is no religious body of people on earth who have a more perfect right to the Christian name than the Shakers have, and none who can more rationally prove their faith and their mode of life to be correct, by Scripture texts, than the Shakers can. Those hard tales which many persons hear about the Shakers are not true, they are merely started by those who love to gossip about their neighbors. It could not harm an editor, or lawyer, or doctor, or preacher, or granger, or republican, or democrat, or merchant, or mechanic, or farmer, or any of 'the rest of mankind,' (male or female) if they would correctly inform themselves how and why the Shakers differ from other professors of Christianity. I will not prolong this article, but will say in conclusion, that if you are disposed to ask any questions through your paper on the subject, they shall be in a kind spirit briefly answered. Or if the citizens of Hillsboro (or any other town in Jefferson county) would like to listen for an hour to a lecture upon the subject of Shakerism, they can be (most likely) accommodated. With kind regards, V. Nichelson