Ayer, August 16th, 1874 Dearly Beloved Bldress Antoinette : As I have been deeply interested in reading the richly stored columns of the Shaker and Shakeress, I feel that it will not be showing due respect to one who has labored and toiled so assiduously as you have, in spreading light, not to comply with your request, however incompetent I may feel to do so. The development of new Truths concerning the Millennial Order, is a subject that is inexhaustible ; but those without the pale of Shakerdom do not seem far enough advanced to comprehend them; and those subjects, within the scope of their understanding, are, with me, nearly exhausted. There is one, however, though of very ancient date, which absorbs my feelings at present and one which seems to demand more attention than ever has been given it. We read that ' God shall bring every work into judgment, with every secret thing, whether it be good or whether it be evil.' This being the case, we would ask, is it duly considered, even by those who intend to walk uprightly ? Are there not many things said and done that would be withheld, were it realized that a penalty was attached to each word and act ? Would hard and unkind feelings be harbored if it was borne in mind that they must be repented of ? Were the silent monitor within permitted to control, should we behold so much violence and fraud as now ? Would poor widows, orphans, sewing girls, etc., be toiling early and late for a mere pittance, scarcely sufficient to supply them with food and clothing, of the poorest kind, and often be compelled to wait even for this till starvation stares them in the face ? Or, would there be so many of the laboring class out of employ, whose families are suffering for the necessaries of life, if those who now withhold from them the means of subsistence were to realize the consequence of refusing their aid ? And where would be those dens of vice and crime, in a few years to come, if those who are now approaching them would stop and reflect, that for every sinful act they must yet be brought to judgment? Is it not time for conscience to be more fully awakened on this all-important subject, and to feel that those passages of scripture relating to it are something more than empty words ? Let each one ask his or her own conscience before speaking or acting, especially on matters of importance : Will this be right ? Am I about to speak or act from motives of Truth and Uprightness, or from sinister or selfish motives, and thereby make for myself work for repentance ? With a daily consciousness that a true record is kept of all our thoughts, words and actions, how can we act contrary to the Divine monitor — conscience ? To do so must show a great lack of wisdom and forethought, for be assured, that all souls will find, either in this life or that beyond, that every thought, word and action of their earth life is engraved on the tablets of their hearts, as with the point of a diamond, and from this record will they be judged, their own consciences hearing witness for or against them. For a further proof of the foregoing statement, please call to mind the various accounts of those who have been resuscitated from drowning, or rescued from immediate death, and it will be found that their whole lives were spread out before them instantaneously, even to the most trifling incidents, which had passed from memory for years. I am not of the number who are sitting by the wayside, waiting for God and our Heavenly Parents to do some great work for us, but am laboring to keep my bark so that the sail can catch every little breeze that will help to waft me onward and upward. I hail with joy all true reform, whether physical or spiritual, feeling that one is closely allied to the other; and although too far advanced in life to make much progress in the former, I believe it will not be long ere the progressive portion of society, both in and out of Zion, will see the necessity of a more simple mode of living, and wholly eschew all stimulating food and drink. I do not believe we were made to subsist on animal food. Vegetables and pure water were designed by our Creator for our sustenance. And before we are fully re-instated in Divine favor we shall have to return to this as well as all other laws which God has given for the benefit of the race. But they are so fallen that they must be led, step by step, out of the state into which they have been plunging themselves for centuries. And in this is manifest God's goodness and love ; for should all the digressions from the true standard — Divine Code — be at once presented before its view, no soul would have either strength or courage to even make an effort to rise. I rejoice to see light so fast increasing among mankind, preparing many for millennial harvesting. God has commenced His work of emancipation, through His agents, whom His angels are daily inspiring with more light and knowledge of His laws, and this work will continue and increase till all souls are brought to the knowledge of the truth, and set free from the shackles of anti-christian superstition and darkness. I see the stones preparing in the mount to build up her temple. They will yet be brought together without the sound of ' axe or hammer,' the clashing of discordant elements. Our foundation is sure. But is it not very essential what materials are used in rearing the fabric? Must not such be selected as will stand the storms and tempests of coming ages ? These are questions which bear heavily upon my mind; but I forbear, knowing my earthly pilgrimage must soon close, having now passed my four score years ; and I would far rather depart than remain to clog the wheels of true progression in any of its evolutions. Eunice Bathrick