G. F. Train's reply G. F. TRAIN'S REPLY Miller's Bath Hotel, 41 W. 26th St. 1 New York, October 2, 1874. j NOT A SHAKER. James H. Dickson, Esq. : Elder Evans and the Shakers invited me to be present at their Social Gathering (I believe the only outsider ever asked), and our affinities are strong on diet, exercise, hygiene, sexual conti- nence, abstention from poisonous stimulants, freedom from bigotry, fanaticism, superstition, and in bold advocacy of great truths. J am not yet a Shaker. NOT A MOBMAN. Brigham Young sent his son, Brigham, Junior, Congressman Canon, and another elder, as a delega- tion to my cell in the Tombs (where I was incar- cerated by the Beecher ecclesiastical tribunal for sublishing his impeachment in Bible quotations two years in advance of the New York journals), to assure me that the Mormons were with me to a nan, and a woman too, and I indorse his temper- ance, frugality, thrift, enterprise, independent thought, in establishing a colony free from asylums, jails, poor-houses, gambling hells, rum shops and aouses of prostitution. Yet I am not a Mormon. NOT A CHRISTIAN. I never drink, smoke, swear, lie, cheat, steal, fornicate; never back-bite, make pastoral visits, or wish I was dead; never introduced 'nest-hiding ' into the Christian fold, and have always observed all the noble precepts taught by all good men; have read the Bible from my youth upward, only to despise the morals of its prophets, David, Solo- man and Lot; I do not believe it possible by any act of mine that I could injure my fellow-man; am always happy; never discontented — living in the perpetual sunshine of an eternal present. Yet lam not a Christian. NOT AN INFIDEL. I rejoice in the brains and intellectuality of Vol- taire, Kousseau, Hume, Gibbon, Paine. Yet I am not an Infidel. NOT A PAGAN. I like Democritus, Lucretius, Euripides, Epicte- tes, Alcibiades, Aristotle, Plato and Pliny, but as I do not believe in immortality, I am not a Pagan. NOT A SCIENTIST. I like Newton, Davy, Bacon, Cuvier, Comte, Spinola, Herschell, Mill, Darwin, Huxley, Tyndall, Spencer. Yet 1 am not a Scientist. NOT A SPIRITUALIST. I admire the morals of Confucius, Buddha, Brahma, Moses, Christ, Zoroaster, Mahomet, Swe- denborg, and other ancient and modern Spiritual- ists. I can memorize the faces, forms and charac- ters of departed relatives and friends. I can respect Davis, Wilson, Peebles, Mansfield, Dake, Slade, Foster, Hume, the Eddies. I can imagine some grand, undeveloped power lying beneath all this slate-writing, mind-reading, table-turning, spirit-acting that agitates the public. I am not yet a Spiritualist. THE PSYCHOLOGIC LETTER IN THE SUN. All these show what I am not. What I am all the world will soon know. So I answer your kind note by handing you my letter in the Sun to-day, and enclosing yours to Elder Evans, the champion Shaker of Mt. Lebanon, and the lion of the fold of Judah, who so astonished the priests on board the Atlantic, and the press at St. George's Hall in London, who ought to invite you to deliver your first gun at the headquarters of the disciples of Ann Lee, in Massachusetts, or join him at the com- ing convention of the Shakers in Steinway Hall November 22. George Francis Train