Geo. Francis Train—what he is not Geo. Francis Train, Esq. : I see by your article in the Shaker and Shakeress, that... [From the Toledo Sun.] GEO. FRANCIS TRAIN—WHAT HE IS NOT. Thomsonville, Ct., September 30,1874. Geo. Francis Train, Esq. : I see by your article in the Shaker and Shakeress, that you have seen some of the light and grandeur of the doctrines lived by the Shakers in America. You will be, I know, a mighty and valuable knight in the cause. You have every reason to believe a reformation in theology close at hand. All the signs of the times point to this work. God will bless you. No man has a right to be a reformer until he is reformed himself. You have chosen the true way. I want to tell you my experience in a few words : A few weeks since ] came to this Shaker village, and I was much impressed by their life. I finally received light such as you have got, and it seemed to open a new world to me of which I never thought it possible for mortals to know. Now I earnestly desire to be with you as soon as you commence to begin laying these mighty truths before the people. I have one lecture all ready now. I want to be enrolled as a private in this mighty battle. I will await orders from any direction, if the orders are only Forward I should like to go with you if you commence soon, as one of your^spiritual staff. You may remember we met on board the steamship Atlantic in 1871, where you came to the rescue of Elde Evans and Mr. Peebles when the clergy gave them the cold shoulder, as among those who gave reci tations in the saloon. James H. Dickson G. F. Train's reply G. F. TRAIN'S REPLY Miller's Bath Hotel, 41 W. 26th St. 1 New York, October 2, 1874. j NOT A SHAKER. James H. Dickson, Esq. : Elder Evans and the Shakers invited me to be present at their Social Gathering (I believe the only outsider ever asked), and our affinities are strong on diet, exercise, hygiene, sexual conti- nence, abstention from poisonous stimulants, freedom from bigotry, fanaticism, superstition, and in bold advocacy of great truths. J am not yet a Shaker. NOT A MOBMAN. Brigham Young sent his son, Brigham, Junior, Congressman Canon, and another elder, as a delega- tion to my cell in the Tombs (where I was incar- cerated by the Beecher ecclesiastical tribunal for sublishing his impeachment in Bible quotations two years in advance of the New York journals), to assure me that the Mormons were with me to a nan, and a woman too, and I indorse his temper- ance, frugality, thrift, enterprise, independent thought, in establishing a colony free from asylums, jails, poor-houses, gambling hells, rum shops and aouses of prostitution. Yet I am not a Mormon. NOT A CHRISTIAN. I never drink, smoke, swear, lie, cheat, steal, fornicate; never back-bite, make pastoral visits, or wish I was dead; never introduced 'nest-hiding ' into the Christian fold, and have always observed all the noble precepts taught by all good men; have read the Bible from my youth upward, only to despise the morals of its prophets, David, Solo- man and Lot; I do not believe it possible by any act of mine that I could injure my fellow-man; am always happy; never discontented — living in the perpetual sunshine of an eternal present. Yet lam not a Christian. NOT AN INFIDEL. I rejoice in the brains and intellectuality of Vol- taire, Kousseau, Hume, Gibbon, Paine. Yet I am not an Infidel. NOT A PAGAN. I like Democritus, Lucretius, Euripides, Epicte- tes, Alcibiades, Aristotle, Plato and Pliny, but as I do not believe in immortality, I am not a Pagan. NOT A SCIENTIST. I like Newton, Davy, Bacon, Cuvier, Comte, Spinola, Herschell, Mill, Darwin, Huxley, Tyndall, Spencer. Yet 1 am not a Scientist. NOT A SPIRITUALIST. I admire the morals of Confucius, Buddha, Brahma, Moses, Christ, Zoroaster, Mahomet, Swe- denborg, and other ancient and modern Spiritual- ists. I can memorize the faces, forms and charac- ters of departed relatives and friends. I can respect Davis, Wilson, Peebles, Mansfield, Dake, Slade, Foster, Hume, the Eddies. I can imagine some grand, undeveloped power lying beneath all this slate-writing, mind-reading, table-turning, spirit-acting that agitates the public. I am not yet a Spiritualist. THE PSYCHOLOGIC LETTER IN THE SUN. All these show what I am not. What I am all the world will soon know. So I answer your kind note by handing you my letter in the Sun to-day, and enclosing yours to Elder Evans, the champion Shaker of Mt. Lebanon, and the lion of the fold of Judah, who so astonished the priests on board the Atlantic, and the press at St. George's Hall in London, who ought to invite you to deliver your first gun at the headquarters of the disciples of Ann Lee, in Massachusetts, or join him at the com- ing convention of the Shakers in Steinway Hall November 22. George Francis Train Is not friend Train a representative of one of the ten Horns... Is not Friend Train a Representative of one of the ten Horns —Powers — that grow out of the Beast They hated the Great Mother and her Brood oi Harlot Daughters —Church and State Organiza tions — stripped her naked and burned her with fire—Truth — for God has put it into their heart to do His Will. Editor