CENTENNIAL A century has passed, since the first gleam of a New Morn burst forth on America's soil — a gleam of light that since that time, has pierced many dark places, and been welcomed by thousands of weary souls, who had hoped and prayed for its dawn. Mother Ann, and the little band that accom- panied her on the perilous voyage to this western land,—destined by Providence to be a refuge for the oppressed of all nations — found the people struggling for freedom from British rule and tyrannical exaction — to sepa- rate Church and State, and to found a free government, based upon equal rights, where liberty of conscience could be enjoyed. It was a momentous struggle ! The welfare of future generations depended upon its success. Had those fetters, which bound the consciences of men and women remained unbroken, the establishment of a Spiritual, ' Shaker Order,' would have been impossible. History tells of the life-devotion, and power- ful action of noble hearts and wise heads, who made great sacrifices to obtain full release from unjust taxation imposed on the colonies by the English government. Its great oppres- sion, called forth strong efforts for freedom and justice — which resulted in a long contin- ued war — by the people, under the leadership of the bravest and truest men of the nation. After the dark night of peril had passed, they lost no time in combining the wisdom and knowledge of Statesmen and Lawyers, in forming a government that would subserve the best interests of humanity. Those great and self-sacrificing men — justly called the fathers of our country — Americans, are, in duty bound, to honor ; and for the religious freedom which they handed down, as a boon, to posterity, we give thanks to-day. Can we over-estimate the privilege of sitting in peace and tranquillity ' under our own vine and fig- tree ' ? The Declaration of Independence, unlocked, and threw open the gate of truth for the Queen of Zion, robed in garments of purity and salvation to enter, the Daughter, anointed with the Christ-spirit with an Olive leaf — seeking rest in the hearts of a new people, in a new land. Starting from this point, let us see what a century has effected. The revival which oc- curred near the close of the eighteenth century, had prepared many for the reception of the testimony of Christ's second appearing, through Mother Ann; and they were ' a willing people in the day of God's power,' — noble and generous souls — who, under the spiritual awakening of truth and religious conviction, sacrificed worldly honor, and high position in the ranks of society, and gave their soul energies, and physical strength, in laying the foundation of a glorious temple, and in framing and establishing wise and just laws, which would safely guide and guard the inmates of that temple through all storms that might arise ; and that would gather them into community relation, and consolidate them one united body —true Believers in Christ. A nucleus was then formed — a Central Power—that has been like a spiritual magnet to attract other honest, sincere souls, who were seeking good; and who through faith and obedience have found a relation to the first- born children of Gospel light. Of the varied and peculiar ways by which individuals have been gathered — from the millions who trod the highway of life — to stand in the ranks of the Zion Church on earth — we can only say, that He who prepared the way, and sent messengers to rear a temple, constructed of ' living stones,' will protect his own from harm and blight; and not one stone will find a permanent resting place there, that has not been tested by the rod of truth. Self-denial, Industry and Economy, have formed a home with its ' hundred fold of fathers — mothers — brothers and sisters — houses and lands,' and an accumulation of goodness, consequent upon a righteous blend- ing of the New Earth, and New Heaven. If one century hath so well fulfilled the promises of Jesus, what will Zion's attainments be when the years of the Millennium are numbered by the thousands ? Elvah Collins, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.