A LETTER Editors Shaker and Shakeress— Will you allow a four months' member of South Union, to congratulate you upon the excellent matter in the October number of your paper ? From first to last, it is replete with good and wise sayings. Ideas of reform are inculcated, with liberality of sentiment, worthy the generous patronage of its own people, and of the public. Among Believers, the mingling of sexes is without the debasing influences, arising from the present marriage system. Now, that the brave Shaker pioneers are passing away, after years of physical toil incident to founding such a community home, those now gathering to it, can begin to add the increase of mental endowments, that shall unite health to wealth, through the practical wisdom that shall effect a perfect release from the mental thralldom, and physical suffering, consequent upon ignor- ance. The Shakers are familiar with spiritual intercourse, being, through Mother Ann's in- spiring prophetic genius, founded upon Divine revelation. Were the outside Spiritualists familiar with the manifestations through her followers, they would not feast so exclusively upon the ' Rochester Rappings.' It is only another convincing proof, that ' originality ' is not safe to pin a modern discovered truth upon. When the origin of human intelligence is ascertained, then Spirit communication can specify the time when certain new thoughts were first revealed to mortals. The world is so apt to forget principle, in the enthusiasm of building up systems, creeds and dogmas, it is not wonderful that the contestants are defeated in reaching the Eternal, by a favored route intended only for the elect. When I attended those immaculate places of worship — the Church of God that offered the Holy Eucharist from the latest style of silver plate — I thought truth was glorious, and Christianity its greatest exponent. But upon the proof of immortality given me, by an Infidel Medium — resolving the atoning blood of the Lamb, into good bread and wine, more efficacious to invigorate the body than to save the soul — I began to question other things by the analysis of reason. The past, written records are simple — rudimental — in comparison to the possibilities of the advanc- ing mind in its researches after truth. Where- fore then, I asked, be bound to the past, when authority is not adapted to requirements of the present 1 Being thus gradually released from the bonds of childhood faith, I launched forth to seek my own spiritual salvation, by working in accordance with individual responsibility. I have at last moored in the quiet orderly harbor of Shakerism. I find the families genial (and so far as my own observations can judge), hospitable, generous and self-sacri- ficing. They acknowledge faults — lean to virtue's side — and can never be submerged by the corruptions of the world. If all the Communities are as well favored with'pregressive Leaders as this one, no Brother nor Sister need despair of getting physical and spiritual wants supplied. When a people are determined to make practical the righteous theories of Christianity, how can they fail ? The world, concluding that mere preaching and praying, have not, and cannot bring hap- piness — turn to question how the band of Believers that grow by works instead of faith, manage to walk calmly, while the storm is raging so fiercely without.— It is by firmness of purpose, in resisting the follies of social customs, that enslave woman, by fashion's demoralizing hold, and aid her to an equal standard with the opposite sex, in business, and mental culture. They battle against the debasing passions — health destroying habits — that degenerate both soul and body. Shakers, repel the horrible doctrine of total depravity and predestination to heaven or hell, as they do the physical resurrection; which is against all scientific facts. They condemn War with its bloody sword of devastation, and favor arbitration, and peaceful interposition, as a more enlightened way to promote harmony and fraternal love. Can these principles ever die ? Nay; not if the Shakers themselves were to ignore them. Well have they cher- ished these bright truths. The excrescences incident to all organizations, will in the order of change be left in the past, under the in creasing light of Divine Revelation. Salt in Bread cicatrizes the mucus membrane of the larynx, inducing diphtheria. Annie T. Dwyer, South Union, Ky.