WORK Jesus said, 'I must work the works of Him that sent me, while it is day. The night cometh, when no man can work.' We all know what it is to employ ourselves about something we call work. It may be something of use, or it may be very frivolous and unnecessary ; still, if it call out of us an earnestness of action, physical exercise for the body, and employment for the mind, it is bet- ter than inaction For if we observe .nature faithfully we shall see that every thing works, from man, whose pleasant work it was to till and dress the garden, to the minutest insect, or tiniest leaf upon the tree. The laborious toil which depresses by its long continuance and ill-paid servitude, is still better than idleness and inertia ; the noisy blusterer better than the no worker. But how preferable the profound worker, who in silence brings forth grand results. As the curse lifts itself from the so long groaning earth, and woman, by self-denial and cultivation, rises above the plane of passional and sensual life, will not man, too, feel that this life of toil is not without its physiological use ? This beautiful earth needs multitudes of agriculturists to keep and dress it, whose manliness would be better preserved than by crowding into the steaming cities, and enter- ing upon pursuits calling' for but little outlay of muscle, or of mind. The life-giving stimu- lus for work, derived from the fresh breezes of heaven and nature's charms, is immeasur- able. The Apostle said, ' Work out your own salvation,' or deliverance from any evil that oppresses or afflicts, particularly any sinful habit. Have we a temper which would com- pel the tongue to utter words which our rea- son would condemn ? We have work to do, that we say or do nothing we would not have another say or do to us. Have we moodiness and moroseness in our natural temperament ? We have, if possible, harder work to do, to be- come the genial, kind and loving beings the followers of Christ should be; diffusers of that love which should control each thought and deed. Are we prone to be trivial and giddy — thoughtless and indifferent in our spiritual nature — its sweet and blessed resources yet unawakened ? Then let us heed the Apostle's word and commence on a life of higher earn- estness. ' The temple of God is holy which temple are ye.' Let ns realize, then, that the time for ' the cleansing of the sanctuary ' has come to us, and that all that is not hallowed and of use, in purifying and refining the temple, should be driven out. We find there is work in this ; and to have it thoroughly furnished, SHAKERE88. fit for the Holy Spirit to inhabit, is work worthy of an angel's love and zeal. As the poet has so fitly said — ' Let us do our work all well, Both the unseen and the seen, Make the house where God should dwell Beautiful and fair and clean.' Cheerfully, then let us ' work with our might,' feeling that by so doing we are put- ting ourselves in harmony with the Creator and His works, and becoming resurrected into the angelic life of pure and heavenly love and unselfish uses. Each and all of us, if we do truly follow Christ, will find our ' wilderness of temp- tation,' our 'garden of Gethsemene,' as well as our ' mount of Transfiguration.' And if we shrink not from them, nor deny the Christ, who is seeking by every tender and loving appeal, to win and hold us to the service of love and truth, great will be our reward. We may find the cross, sometimes, heavy and burdensome, and the yoke galling; but the quiet rest of spirit we experience, after a temptation overcome, or a decisive ' Get thee behind me Satan,' will more than compensate for all the pain. ' These are they who have come up out of great tribulation and have washed their robes (not without labor) in the life of the Lamb '— by no vicarious atonement; for, as the Scrip- tures say, ' Obedience is better than sacrifice.' ' The blood is the life,' and they have lived his life, and ' followed the Lamb whitherso- ever he goeth,' or has led. Their confession and repentance have ' cleansed their robes ' so that they have ' no fearful looking for- ward' to the future; but a quiet trust that the same loving heart which said — ' She hath done a good work ' will receive them into his peaceful habitations in the spirit land, or call them to still more earnest work in his spiritual vineyard. For every faithful soul there awaits the solemn consciousness which prompted the words of Jesus, ' I have finished the work thou gavest me to do,' and this will be the consolation whenever brought before the bar of enlightened conscience, or in receiving the verdict of unchangeable truth and right. That wise writer Ecclesiasticus said ' Hate not laborious work, neither husbandry, which the Most High hath ordained.' So far from laborious work being degrading, we believe it to be one of the means of man's regeneration. And that the measure of his happiness and honor will ere long be — not how much wealth he has amassed, nor from whom descended; but, how useful is he to his fellows ? How many anguished souls has he cheered and comforted ? How many needy bodies fed and clothed? And he will be considered God's truest nobleman who does most of such work, and sets an example of diligent hand-labour. Mothers, whose active little ones surround you, teach them to work, and let them help you, tho' their noisy, boisterous spirits tire instead of helping. And when play time comes, snatch the moments for rest. Let them learn to work skillfully and well, when young, and they will find something to occupy hand and brain as they grow older; and not, through very disgust of life, find a suicide's grave. Teach them to work that they may be self- sustaining and not obliged to wait for some opportunity to bring to them position and in- fluence unearned. There will be work to do while there remain any poor souls grovelling in the mire of sensu- ality, or unblest by the gospel of peace through self-denial. Some Christ will still be needed ' to preach to the spirits in the prisons' of darkness, discouragement and death, a gospel of love and uplifting; and an aptitude gained in this life for benevolent, self-denying labor, must surely add to the spirit's uses, and conse- quent blessedness. E. H. Webster, Harvard, Mass.