THE TORTURE OF PRISONERS It is not more than a century ago that the torture of a prisoner charged with a criminal offense was the common practice in nearly every country of Europe. England had become an exception, by that time, to this rule, and so had Sweden. Prus- sia was reformed in this regard by Frederick the Great early in his reign. Imperial Rome had for- bidden the torture of the accused, unless he were a slave. The torture of a prisoner in the course of his trial was justified on the ground that it was essen- tial to bring to light the real facts in the case. At the same time a confession racked or wheeled from a prisoner was not deemed satisfactory. With a stupidity which modern jurisprudence can hardly equal, the self-accuser was compelled to reaffirm his statement under oath, as if evidence given in the agony of torture would be strengthened by repetition, wrung from the victim through fear of further torture. The outrageous practice was defended also on the ground that it was a sort of extra-judicial purgation of infamy. Others again, went so far as to reason that the prisoner might be guilty of some crime of which he had not been accused, and either he would be brought to own up, or receive in the process, a punishment which would answer the demands of justice. The iniquity of this practice was thoroughly shown up by the Marquis Beccario, an eminent Italian philosopher, in a treatise on crimes and punishment, which swiftly passed to several edi- tions ; and about the same time by Voltaire in his essay on the same subject. The arguments used were so cogent and persuasive that a thorough revolution was the result. Modern Christian juris- prudence owes an incalculable debt to those two humane men. One would suppose that lawyers and judges, having most to do with such things, would have been the first to move in this reform; on the contrary, it was brought about in spite of them. The legal profession, bench and bar alike, do not search for principles. There are no pre- cedents for taking advanced positions, until com- pelled to do so by public opinion.