UNION Dear Editors — My emotions are deeply stirred by the unselfish interest and conse- crated labor of soul and body, you put forth, to promote this most glorious cause. I hail our little monthly as a messenger of light, to break the spell of monotony, furnish deeper thought and elevate our aspirations. I appreciate the necessity of union in the great work whereunto we are called. Herein is our strength. As Christ and the Father and Mother are One, even so are Their Children — All their Children be one — No domestic un- kindliness. Looking out, from my Shaker home, upon the broad expanse of earth and its inhabitants, what do I see? Babylon—Mixture—Con- fusion. Viewing my dear Elders, Sisters and Breth- ren— their aspirations all centering in a life of Virgin Purity — I exclaim, Blessed Dear Gospel Relation ! Your Life shall be my Life ! your joys, my joys, and your sorrows, my sor- rows. Twenty-four years ago, then a mere youth, I came, from the great metropolis, to this Holy Mountain. Great was the change t— from the great city of turmoils and unmentionables, to the peaceful, serene and innocent. O that all could comprehend and appreciate the beauty and excellence of the higher life f Though young, I found the first principles more than child's play. It was not to merely walk up to the Altar and receive the sprink- ling, nor to be plunged into the water and come out the same old sinner. I was baptised in the Holy Fire of Truth — Confessed my sins, one by one, as I committed them, and began the New Life — the Resurrection. I began to feel that I could handle the things of God with clean hands, and sing his praises with pure lips. The bands of death were broken. Transported to Elysian fields, I could join the Ransomed of the Lord, chant their sacred songs, and go forth in ' the dances of them that make merry.' God met me in mercy. I accepted the in- vitation— the call. I rejoice in my deliver- ance from the thralldom of sin. My love for a life of purity grows stronger and stronger. ' Upward and Onward ' is inscribed on my Banner. Dear Elder Frederick — With the above, please accept largely of the Love, of Elders, Brethren and Sisters, for yourself and all associated with you in spreading the joyful tidings of Truth — Love that can be expanded and solidified— sweeter and sweeter, and better, the more it is mixed and extended. Andrew Barrett, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.