LIFE THOUGHTS Man being brought into the world under the influences and by the principles of the genera- tive order, knows no life higher than, and com- prehends nothing else for justification, but the natural order, until his senses are reached and his mind becomes enlightened by ministrations from the resurrection heavens. Then convic- tion begins to find a seat in the soul; and as it is treated, man rises or falls. Then com- mences the education that develops manhood and capacitates him to an equality with angels. His understanding becomes enlarged and progression is his life-thought. His soul is touched as with fire, his reason is called to action, and from the light he accepts or rejects, justification or condemnation becomes his reward, corresponding with volition. From the influx of light from the heavenly world, he is, by induction, brought to a knowl- edge of the principles which introduce love and the peaceful elements of Christ, the prince of love and peace — the principles which condemn hate and ignore war and strife — which introduce regeneration — the resurrec- tion order — and condemn the sensual carnal life — which introduce community of interest and condemn selfishness, arrogance and that spirit which would give to one an advantage over another. Heeding these ministrations from the Christ sphere, he becomes developed in the Christ life, where the associations and relations are those of a common brotherhood and sisterhood, in the whole economy of life — where ' they buy and sell as though they possessed not' — where 'they use this world as not abusing it' — where ' they that have wives be as though they had none ' — where 'the fashion of this world passeth away.' Here, finding an element they become, in this life, children of the resurrection (Christ), and are ' accounted worthy to obtain that world and the resurrection from the dead ' — they ' neither marry nor are given in marriage, neither can they die any more' — sin, the cause of death being taken away — for they are equal unto the angels, and are the chil- dren of God, being children of the resurrec- tion. In this relation, there is ' one faith,' that of Jesus ; ' one Lord,' the God of the universe; ' and one Baptism,' that of the holy spirit. Query. Is that people to be found ? Answer. Investigate Shakerism; learn the lives of its true members, and satisfy yourselves. Relig- ion, that will not bear investigation, is not worth possessing ; and if the lives of religious professors will not bear examination, they are not profited by religion. Elder Abm. Perkins, Canterbury, N. H.