PHILOSOPHY OF THE OVEN The use of heat, to increase the digestibilit; and savor of food, is an art exclusively human The highest order of animals below man ha not been entrusted with fire. Baking, or roast ing must have preceded broiling. A shallow hole in the ground, paved with small stones is still in use as an oven. Sarah, of Patriarchal times, when asked to mead three measures of meal, and make cakes on the hearth, no doubt her oven was a flat, lot stone. Her cakes were a sort of Graham wafer, a kind of wheaten hoe cake, and was he unleavened bread of the ancients. It is )y far the most palatable of any form of un- eavened bread. Of all the new forms of xread, none surpass it, not even the gems ; it s not hard, but it requires considerable nias- ication. The first improvement on the hot stone oven, was a jar-shaped cavity in the earth, lined with cement, in which fire was built, then came the Cottage oven. The elevation of this hollow structure to a convenient height, may be re- garded as an important step in the history of saking. The ovens of private families are all of this type, and the only improvements made, lave been in the direction of saving fuel. This oven has one inherent defect—from the moment the dough is put in, it begins to cool. The oven, with continuous heat, we owe to a native of Woburn, Mass.—Benjamin Thomp- son. He was a wise and humane man. His discovery of the nature of heat, and its appli- cation to useful purposes, rank him as one of the most honorable of men. He is best known as Count Rumford. His oven was of iron, and heated from without. The dough, at first, was subjected to heat to distend it and partially cook it, at the proper moment he introduced air so hot as to brown the bread About twen- ty-five years ago, the French applied this mode to a brick oven, maintaining a regulated tem- perature. There is an oven known as the Vienna oven, to which two important additions are made, one to admit steam, so as to maintain a moist atmosphere down to the last few minutes of the baking, when an intense heat is thrown into the oven so as almost instantly to redden a very thin crust. The bread of Vienna is probably the best of breads, neatness and clean- liness are observed in preparing the yeast and dough. The oven is surrounded with air heated to about a temperature of 380°—168 de- grees hotter than boiling water. The ideas involved in this mode of baking are first, the steam saturates the air of the oven with mois- ture and retards evaporation from the loaf, during the early part of the baking.' When the loaf has attained its fullest distension, and is penetrated by myriads of minute pores, the steam is shut off, a side door is then opened, and an intense blaze is flashed into the oven, giving to the loaf a delicate red crust, having a flavor most grateful to the palate. This part of the operation is brief, and watched through a glass door. Bread, fresh from the oven, should never be covered up ; on the contrary, it is improved by exposure to a current of fresh air. In refer- ence to airing, thick loaves are not so good as thin ones. The bread of continental Europe is excel- lent ; that of England, less so; that of this country, is of the lowest quality. To improve the quality of the staff' of life, among our peo- ple is the object of this paper. Some knowledge of chemistry is necessary to raise breadstuff's from the soil. I venture to state, thatjthere is more ignorance of chemical law manifested in the garden and on the farm than in the bake room. In either, there are rich fields to be explored, and benefits to be gathered. Chemists have thrown some light on the subject before us. They say that there are different kinds of fermentation, one kind converts the starch (starch is not soluble), into dextrine and sugar, these are soluble. Too much fermentation converts the sugar into an acid, and makes sour bread ; the first develops an agreeable savor. The second spoils the bread, hence the necessity to arrest fermenta- tion before acidity sets in. How acidity oper- ates will hereafter be shown ; also, the proper temperature to be maintained in the treatment of dough. In converting starch into dextrine —into sugar—carbonic acid gas is formed. This gas swells up the loaf and fills it with little holes. If fermentation be suffered to pro- ceed beyond the formation of this gas, and runs into acidity, it will break down the glu- ten, and the loaf will be liable to collapse— become heavy and sodden. To make good bread, good flour is neces- SHAKER SHAKEEES8. 91 sary. The next thing is to have good yeast. No sour yeast should ever be used. There is given a recipe for making yeast and bread from the highest authority in this state (Massachu- setts). Boil, with the skins on, enough of pota- toes to make a quart when mashed; peel the potatoes, and mash them to fineness,-then mix, intimately with them, one pint of flour, and stir the whole to an emulsion, with the water in which the potatoes were boiled ; cool the product to about 80°, and add half a pint of the best baker's yeast, and a table-spoonful of brown sugar. Set the mixture aside and main- tain a temperature of 80°, till it works well. Of this yeast, take half a pint, to seven pounds of flour, mixed with three pints of water, at 80°. If the weather be cool, warm the flour too. Knead well, and set aside to rise in a tempera- ture of 80°, till the full size is attained ; then put the loaves in the oven heated to not less than 450°. Keep the loaves covered with stiff paper, till the dough is fully raised ; then remove the paper and permit the browning to take place. The larger the loaves, the hotter should be the oven. Bread has, sometimes, an agreeable nutty savor, acceptable to everybody. Again, there is bread destitute of that aroma. To secure the former condition, first, have good flour; second, use no more water than is necessary ; third, knead thoroughly—till flakey ; fourth, bake well; fifth, cool it off in a current of fresh air; sixth, see that the yeast is all right. The foregoing is affectionately dedicated to all the young sisters in the gathering order, at Mount Lebanon and at Canaan, by their friend, Daniel Fraser