CHRIST IN US In the passage, ' Except Christ be in you, etc.', we learn two important lessons from biblical scripture. First: The characteristics of the Christ; secondly, the condition of repro- bates. Our ante and anti-christian educations have left much for us to unlearn in the school of the New Creation. That which saved Jesus from being reprobate, was the entrance into his soul, and its permanent residence there, of the Christ. This Christ is not an individual- ity — not a personal being. We have erron- eously been taught, that whenever Christ is mentioned, Jesus is intended; and that this beautiful appendage is only applicable to 9O him. So, have we been taught, that heaven is a peculiar locality, instead of being a condi- tion of the soul. The law of impenetrability, will not permit two or more things to occupy one and the same place — where Christ is, else cannot be. The same philosophy will not ad- mit, of one person or thing being in two or more places at one and the same time. Christ may be in millions, at one and the same time ; and then, these are not reprobates. What is Christ ? It is a power, emanating from God to humanity; and transmissible from us, to other apostles of the same life. Upon whom this emanation rests, to them is given power to rise superior to themselves, and to become sons and daughters of God. Herein, by the power of Christ, are Christians saved from their temptations to commit sin. It is, to them, ' the power from God unto their salvation.' With it, they will travail — progress from the evil and good of the past, to an exceeding right- eousness. The gospel has called us to come up higher, into new conditions of life. It has taken us 'for better'; not 'for worse'; and if we do not thus travail, the absence of Christ is ap- parent, and we are reprobates. Let us learn and experience, that Christ is a saving power, not a person. Let us manifest the salvation of this power to others, by impartation. As the disciples became Christs, and did impart the power of salvation over every human weakness; so, in this era of the new creation, let the same ' Christ in us' be exercised. And let us progress from the infantile class of the Christ School, having learned the a. b. c. of salvation from gross sins and sensual predilections, ' let us leave erroneous ideas of Jesus, and go on unto perfection.' We can never grow in truth, until we perceive that it is as really in our power to become Christs, as it was the province of Jesus. And then, there will be no mixed mists of uncer- tainty regarding this important principle. Then will Daniel Christ, Ann Christ, and Christ attached to other Christian or Jewish names, declare the same power intended by Jesus Christ. Elder G. A. Lomas, Watervliet, N. Y.