[For the Shaker and Shakeress.] BUDDHA AND JESUS BY J. M. PEEBLES The Buddhists of Asia consider Sakya Muni Gotama Buddha a much greater Saviour than Jesus of Nazareth ; because, say they, the lat- ter, born in poverty, a carpenter's son, sought — upon Jewish authority — to enthrone him- self as king; while Gotama Buddha, a king's son, laid aside the prospective crown, hum- bled himself, walking the companion of beg- gars, that he might break down caste; thus enabling him to more fully reach and en- lighten the lower classes of humanity. Gotama Buddha died 543 B. C. Buddhists number in China, Ceylon, Siam, Burmah and other oriental countries 170,000,000. And while the most numerous body of religionists on the globe, they have never been known to persecute. Their teachers renounced the world, and through fasting, prayer and pen- ance, sought to subjugate the lower animal nature to the higher. In preaching, Buddha continually magnified the ' wheel of the law' — the four great principles. I. There is sorrow, want, pain. II. Examining 1he source of pain, he found it to be selfish desire. III. Pain was destroyed by regulating the natural demands of life, and destroying selfish desire by self-control. IV. The means of destroying it in the sense of extirpation, were meditation, self-abnega- tion, and the practice of every virtue. A Brahmin accusing Gotama Buddha of idling away his time, neither sowing nor reap- ing, was met with this reply: ' I do plough, and sow, reaping thence fruit that is immortal.' Where are your implements, Gotama ? ask- ed the Brahmin. ' My plough is wisdom ; my field is the law; the seed I sow is purity ; the weeds I clear away are the cleavings to life ; my work, attention to the precepts of the spirit; and my harvest, Nirvana — eternal peace 1' Among the beautiful teachings of Buddha and his disciples were these : 'In a corrupt world each ought to be a lotus without a spot.' ' So long as the desire of man toward woman is not subdued, so long is his mind in bondage.' ' Sin will come back upon the sinful, like fine dust thrown against the wind.' ' Master thyself, so mayest thou teach others; and easily tame them after having tamed thyself.' ' Let us live happily, free from greed among the greedy — happily, though we call nothing our own.' ' Better than ruling the world is the reward of the first step in virtue.' ' Of all the lamps lighted in Buddha's hon- or, one only, brought by a poor woman, lasted through the night.' ' Not even a rod, not Maria, nor Brahma, could change into defeat the victory of man over himself.' Brahmins and Buddhists bearing much the relation to each other as Jews and Christians, agree in considering Christian nations ex- ceedingly inconsistent and wicked — eating the flesh of dead animals — drinking intoxi- cating liquors — sleeping several in the same bed — engaging in the ' unfruitful works of darkness ' — in religious persecutions — in bloody wars; and all, in the name of Jesus, the Prince of Peace ! The Brahmins of India and the Buddhists of China seriously contemplate sending mis- sionaries through Australia, England, America and other Christian nations to enlighten and imbue them with these divine principles taught by Brahm, Confucius, Gotama, Buddha, Jesus Christ, and other great inspired souls. ' Ex Oriente Lux /' Will not the Shaker commu- nities of America heartily second the efforts of those noble ' heathen ' ? It seems that this missionary movement has already been initia- ted in Australia. The Weekly Queensland Advertiser has the following: 'At a numerous and influential meeting of the Chinese residents in Melbourne, it was re- solved, in view of the deplorable paganism which prevails, to establish a mission in Mel- bourne, Victoria, to bring its benighted inhabi- tants to a knowledge of Confucius and of the pure morality which he taught. Careful in- quiries and prolonged observations have con- vinced the promoters of this movement that the population of this Colony is sunk in the grossest idolatry, and that they worship med- als of gold and silver, stamped with the por- trait of the reigning monarch. Certain tem- ples, called banks, are erected as the shrines of these pocket deities; and so abject is the condition of thousands of idolators, that they not only adore gods of gold and silver, but they also worship those human beings who possess the largest collection of them. Desir- ous of reciprocating the zealous efforts of British missionaries in China, the Chinese residents in Melbourne purpose to send Eng- lish-speaking and highly educated Mandarins into the Metropolis and country towns of Aus- tralia with a view of weaning their inhabi- tants, if possible, from the degrading worship of that god who bears the name of Mammon. Our sacred books tell us, ' Contentment fur- nishes constant joy. Much covetousness constant grief. To the contented even pover- ty is joy. To the discontented even wealth is a vexation.' Now, we perceive that among the idolators and pagans calling themselves Christians there is much covetousness and no contentment. Therefore, we desire as fellow- beings created by the same Divine Power, to bring our Victorian and Australian brethren to a knowledge of the truth, as it is in Confu- cius, and convert them from the error of their ways.' The above document, with directions for depositing subscriptions, purports to come as a sort of ' first fruits ' from Buddhist China- men in Australia, who when reflecting upon the heathenish darkness that enshrouds Christ- endom, become fired with a genuine mission- ary spirit. It certainly bespeaks the nobility of human nature in its best estate, as well as reveals the half-hidden grandeur of the Orient. There are many Chinamen in Aus- tralia, and mostly Buddhists. The Manda- rins of China admire the ' Sage of the West,' Jesus; but despise that Christianity that forced opium into the Empire, and through an infuriated soldiery, burned the Emperor's li- brary in Pekin. It is certain that India and China purpose sending missionaries to Eng- land and America. Let those who have ' put on Christ' — those who ' walk in the resur- rection ' — forbid them not; but welcome them in the spirit which breathes ' peace on earth and good will to man.'