FORGIVENESS To love our enemies, and to forgive those who injure us, is a Christian duty that requires self-sacrifice. The command, ' Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them that despitefully use and persecute you ' is explicit. We may find it difficult to obey this command ; but it is unchristian to do otherwise. It is easier to endure privation and suffer- ing, severe bereavement and death, than to feel kindly toward those who rejoice when we are afflicted, and delight to add to our sor- rows — whose words are as arrows to pierce our hearts and blight our happiness. To pray for those who have sought to wound our peace, and to rejoice where light shines upon their pathway, after they have darkened ours, calls for an amount of self-denial and grace, which few possess. If we are found wanting in this grace, how can we offer this petition, ' Forgive us our tres- passes as we forgive those who trespass against us ? ' Yet, Jesus expressly declared, ' If you forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father in heaven forgive your trespasses.' If we cherish enmity in our hearts, we can- not feel the love of God. He will hide his face from us, and we shall walk in darkness, not having the light of life to guide us. When Christ taught his disciples to for- give, not only seven, but seventy times seven, then they prayed ' Lord, increase our faith ! ' It is our duty, not only to possess a spirit of forgiveness toward our enemies, but, also, to deal kindly with those who, by misfortune, have been unjustly thrown upon the cold charities of the world. They who are striv- ing to battle with the stern realities of life, with no friendly hand to aid them in the strife, or voice of sympathy to whisper comfort and assuage their grief, need compassion. Those who have passed through the troubled waters of affliction and destitution, know better how to feel for the woes of others, than they who have never drank from the cup of disappointment and sorrow. 'Every such heart knoweth its own bitterness !' A soft word, a kind act, may lift the threaten- ing cloud, banish the darkness of night, and give hope of the dawn of a bright morning. Virgie Breedlove, South Union, Ky.