LITTLE THINGS Beloved Youth in Zion — Do not despise the important lessons that little things teach, and think they are of no consequence — soci- ally considered. Life, and great things, are made up of little things, and little things often lead to great results. No one can be guilty of great offenses, who has not been accustomed to committing what he or she regards as ' little errors.' Words are little things, but they sometimes strike hard. You wield them so easily, that you are apt to forget their hidden power. Fitly spoken, they fall like the dew, the sun- shine, and the fertilizing rain ; but, when un- fitly, like the frost, the hail, and the desolating tempest*! Some youths speak as they feel, or think, without calculating the force of what they say ; and then seem surprised if any one is offended. Springs are little things, but they are the source of large streams. A helm is a little thing, but how evenly it governs the course of the largest ship. Nails are little things, but they hold together the largest buildings. A seed is a little thing, and may be buried a thousand years, and hereafter spring into life, and become a great plant. The coral worms, tenants of the ocean, are little things, but they create more important changes than the whales. As little drops of water make up the rivers, and rivers form the sea, so, the ' little habits ' of wrong-doing, make up the ocean of wrong in your whole lives. In a word, little things make, or unmake you all; they are the true seeds of character, for they more than make up, by their number, what they seem to lack in individual impor- tance ; and you might as well plant the seeds of noxious weeds, and not expect them to grow, as to cherish ' little vices ' and not calculate on their increase, or as reasonably hope to see the firm and noble oak, where no acorns were ever planted, as hope for success in spiritual progress, where the seedlings of a thousand little habits of virtue and purity, have not first been carefully nourished. Daniel Orcutt, Enfield, Conn.