LIBERTY Liberty consists in the power to act without restraint or control except from the immutable laws of nature. In every phase of life, which forms the grand pyramid of material exist- ence, and in the vast realm embracing mind, or spirit, in its unfolding growth, there is an innate desire, an unconquerable love of Liberty, even from the smallest manifesta- tions of sentient life through progressive degrees, to the center of Supreme Intelli- gence. Any infringement of this native right in vegetable or animal growth, or in the de- velopment of those faculties with which the human mind is endowed, is evinced by corre- sponding death, a silent yet expressive lan- guage. Hence Liberty is life ! It is this love of life, this quenchless fire in the heart of humanity, that has warmed to action and given momentum in the strife against the foes of truth ; from early history to the present day, men have struggled for religious liberty and political freedom. God has always had his witnesses; while one class have battled for human rights with carnal weapons,— being advocates of war on the low strata of physical force and retaliation, an eye for an eye their highest conception of justice — another class have turned the combative elements of their nature, energy and will into a higher channel, and relied on Almighty Power to aid them in wielding the two edged sword of spiritual truth which subdues the enemies within the human heart, and is a safe- guard against those without. In every Nation where Church and State have been united, the increase of truth has been opposed by the Priesthood, operating through the civil powers. Great has been SHAKER A.ND 94 SHAKERESS. 95 the contest between bondage and freedom. ' Truth, is mighty and will prevail.' Liberty is the herald and guardian of progress, and floods of persecution cannot sweep away its power; the sword cannot slay, nor the in- quisitor's flame consume it! Truth has ad- vanced and gained strength in defiance of the rack and dungeon. Abcut a century ago, a company of heroic, humanity loving men arose, and inspired by love of Liberty, they determined to break the yoke of oppression which held them in politi- cal and religious servitude. The contest was long and severe ; but they realized that the welfare of unborn millions was involved in the success of the cause in which they had enlisted, and courageously they resolved to sacrifice self-interest and life itself for the priceless boon — Liberty. It is evident that they perceived that Religious freedom could not be gained and maintained, except through Political liberty, based upon just laws. In a prophetic spirit, one of those patriots said, ' Here may the flame of Christian Liberty which has been kindled, burn brighter and brighter, until states and empires shall be no more ;' evidently alluding to the Millennium, for which they prepared a place. It is a remarkable fact, that cotemporary with those workers for civil Liberty in America, a little band was raised up in Eng- land,— by the Holy Spirit —whose hearts were warmed from celestial fires ; and with awak- ened consciences, and deep soul-thirstings, they sought freedom from the tyrannical power of sin — to search out its source — and if pos- sible to find an antidote. By divine revela- tion,— and a baptism of the Christ Spirit — they were instructed, that only through the death of the carnal life, could the spiritual life be gained, and the germs of immortality in the human soul find expansion and growth. By spirit guidance, they were directed to find shelter beneath the banner of political freedom which was about to be raised in America, where they might commence to establish a Church in which they could enjoy liberty of conscience, to worship God as they were moved in spirit to do, and be protected from harm. The ?eed of a New and Living Church was committed to their charge, seed which was the product of suf- fering witnesses of God — the saints and mar- tyrs of past ages — that had been gathered and carefully stored by Angels appointed to the work, until the time was fulfilled. They laid the foundations of the Church of Christ's Second Appearing — by the help of good Angels of the Resurrection Order — deep and strong. Now, it becomes our duty to up- build the walls. While those in the outward Order are striving to perfect the civil govern- ment — to make the Land a birthright inheri- tance— placing capital and labor in just relations, thus enhancing freedom and hap- piness, which will eventuate in the forma- tion of a New Earth, let us learn to study more deeply the oracles of God pertaining to the spiritual angelic life ; and be advancing in light and truth, and in obedience to all that belongs to the New Heavens. Thus by united effort we may build a temple of Truth, over which shall wave in triumph the ensign of sweet Liberty. Catharine Allen, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.