SHAKER THEOLOGY ' Of the increase of his government and peace there shall be no end.'—Is. ix. 57- Shaker theology is the logical arrangement of all mundane and super-mundane facts, con- stituting a system of ideas, subject to the law of evolution — change. To it new facts may be added, old facts be revised or proved to be no facts at all. Shaker Creed is the present formula of belief —the orthodoxy of to-day—generally accepted, for the time being, by the leading minds of the order. The eye of faith looks into the interior of things, by the light of revelation from spheres invisible to the earthly eye. The path of the right doer grows brighter and brighter toward perfect daylight from the sun of righteousness. A declaration of faith in certain doc- trines, by a Shaker elder or member, is an expression of his or her own theology, or creed. Only as it commends itself to the understand- ing and conscience of any member of the order, is it binding, except upon the one who utters it; and he or she may increase with the increase of God. Oneness we all pray and labor for. Those points, upon which we are agreed, are as the foundation stones of a building — not to be moved. So much of the second temple is builded. The spirit of truth is, with us, stronger than the spirit of theological controversy— stronger than the gates of hell, which, in Babylon, have prevailed against all her sects and churches, not excepting the Churches of the Witnesses. From the Constantine to the Quaker Church, from Dr. Beecher to Dr. Swing, theological controversy has taken peace from the old Earth and from the old Heavens. All is turned to blood, under Church and State gov- ernments — governments in Christendom. It commenced with shedding the blood of Jesus. Then the blood of the martyrs flowed like a river, down through the ages, until humanity, in its highest form of development, was drunk with blood — was either killing, or being killed, in theological or secular wars — patri- ots, heroes and soldiers, in battle array, with garments rolled in blood, destroyed the earth. Peace was thus taken from the human family, until their most sacred, refined, religious emo- tions were tinctured with horrid conceptions of the atoning blood of Jesus. Belief was life or death, justification or damnation, temporal and eternal. By faith — Belief alone — souls were saved, or lost. Error, in doctrine, was fatal to all hopes of salvation. Belief, in a given propo- sition, was voluntary, not the effect of evi- dence — of demonstration. Theology and science were implacable enemies. They, who killed the body to save the soul, were doing God service — were loving their neighbors as themselves. They were inflicting temporal suffering to rescue souls — obstinate heretics — from sufferings of eternal duration. Thus did doctrinal error — doctrines of devils — produce its practical results — ceaseless mur- ders. Shaker Theology is exempt from doctrinal controversy — the gate of and into the Hells — holding that light and truth are sown for the righteous, who are compelled to believe right, just so far and fast as they do right; because belief is the result of evidence — demonstration — not subject to the will, being involuntary. Therefore, the Gates of Hell have prevailed against the seven churches of the 1260 years of apostacy — the church of Jesus, the Church of the Apostles, the Gentile Church of Peter, the Nicene Church of Con- stantine, the Church of Luther and Calvin, and the conglomerate Infidel, Quaker, Catholic, Protestant Church of America — but the Gates of Hell will never prevail against the Church built upon the Rock of Revelation, past and present; and this is the foundation upon which the Church of Christ's Second Appearing is being built. It possesses no final creed, but, like the Bible, its ' theology ' is subject to per- petual, everlasting ' revision,' until the Christ Spirit shall have led it into all truth, through Revelation — the Rock on which the Church is founded. Then shall the Peace Makers have Peace, in leaving each soul free, not only to speculate and reason out, but to work out its own theol- ogy, agreeable to the Christ saying: ' If any man or woman will do the works, he or she shall know and understand the doctrine.' Henceforth the faith, which works by love and purifies the heart — first pure, then peace- able— shall take precedence of all Shaker Theology.