SHAKERESS: THE GOVERNMENT OF CHILDREN A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS The proper culture and government of chil- dren, is an intricate subject, not generally understood. It is a science that demands deep study and attention ; for upon the proper training of the young and rising generation, the future greatness and real character of the nation — its morals — civil and religious pol- ity — depend. Great attention is given to zoology, agri- culture, and horticulture. Continued efforts are made, not only to improve the germs of each according to the family, or tribe to -which they belong, but also, to understand their nature — their powers of endurance — the climate most congenial to health, and the soil best adapted to their life and growth. Those possessing animal life, are governed by instinct in regard to propagation — are under natural law — and observe times and seasons. In this respect they are a law unto themselves. Times and seasons, are equally necessary to be observed in the vegetable kingdom; but man is the judge and active agent in reference to seed-time; and upon his knowledge, when and how to sow, plant and cultivate, depends in a great degree the fruitage. But to return to our subject, the ' Govern- ment of Children.' What do we find? In the first place, we find the major part of the children in society in the same condition that David the psalmist found himself, when he said ' Behold I was shapen in iniquity, and in sin did my mother conceive me.' In other words, my parents did not regard times and seasons, and I was the product of inordinate desire and passion, instead of the fruit of those who were perfect in the work of generating their kind. Under these circumstances, we begin our work at a decided disadvantage. Children in our time are precocious; and all the condition of society conduce to make them so. While great care is taken to educate and develop the intellect, their food, dress and exciting amusements all tend to stimulate the passion in children, who would, if in a normal, child- hood state, be as innocent as the lambs tha' skip and play in green pastures; but are now subjects of secret vice at an astonishingly early age; and through that source, the dispo- sition is soured, the temper is easily excitec and a spirit of insubordination takes the place of child-like obedience and submission. How the best way to meet these conditions, anc the wisest means to be used to control them is the subject now under consideration. We read that the God of the Hebrews at one time said, ' The iniquity of the fathers shall be visited upon the children to the third and fourth generations.' At a later perioc the Lord God said by one of the prophets ' The son shall not bear the iniquity of his father, but both father and son shall bear their own iniquity and die for their own sin. There is a qualified truth in both of those averments. It is a self-evident fact, that physical dis- 93 of their being by teaching them to think right; and as they mature, to unfold their reasoning x&gt;wers on the intellectual, moral and spirit- ual plane! In our humble opinion this object can be obtained the most effectually, by giving them the strongest evidence of our love, in kind admonition, patient endurance with their faults, and by appealing to their better feel- ings, showing them that obedience will in- sure happiness, and lead to enduring honor. Added to this, children should be taught that physical health is essential to happiness; and in order to secure it strict attention must be given to diet, dress and ventilation. It is a duty, binding upon all who have the charge of children, to teach them to subsist upon plain, wholesome food. Give them bread made of unbolted flour — vegetables — and healthy milk; and let good refined sugar, with fruits of various kinds, take the place of poisonous candies, and rich pastry, adulter- ated with deleterious substances. Then we may hope, if children are reared properly, they will have no desire to depart from the path of rectitude in after life.