PEACE IN THE WOODS. [From the Poughkeepsie News.] The Peace meeting which has been waited for with interest by large numbers of excellent people, was held yesterday morning and evening in Wi- ley's grove pursuant to the call. We are compelled to content ourselves for the day with the merest outline of its proceedings. The woods were well filled with the most intelli- gent and orderly assemblage it has ever known. About five hundred persons were present, a large proportion of whom were women, young and old, with conveyances by the hundred. The day was fine, the wind just swaying the tree tops, and making the softest accompaniment to one of the most peaceful scenes one ever meets. Upon a raised platform the venerable head of John A. Spear, of Philadelphia, was prominent, flanked by six of the sweetest of Shakeresses, with their plain caps and white handkerchiefs and drab gowns, two Shakermen and the Madames Deyo, Blake and Victor, with Messrs. Crummey, Gardner and others. The morning session was opened at half-past ten with singing by the Shaker friends, seven in all, two men and five women, with voices as gentle as the air above them. Order was then called by Mr. Charles Deyo, and singing again by the Poughkeepsie Temperance choir, the piece being ' Glory to the Lord.' The choir sang ' Stand the Storm.' Mrs. Blake made an address. Mrs. Amanda Deyo read lengthy and interesting letters from Alfred W. Love, of Philadelphia, L. C. Whipper, of Mystic, Conn., who was formerly imprisoned for not paying a tax, from J. W. On- derdonk, S. M. C. Perkins, President of the Amer- ican Peace Society, H. C. Denham and Gerritt Smith. The Shaker friends sang ' Beautiful Shore,' and everybody seemed to be wishing they were all there together. Daniel Offord, one of the members of the North Lebanon Shaker Society, gave an account of the origin and objects of the Society and of the hos- tile action of the government toward non-resist- ants. The Poughkeepsie choir then sang ' Let us have Peace,' which was not the composition of the late Gen. Grant. Mrs. Elizabeth Underhill then made an address, the Shakers sang ' We are hastening On,' while everybody wished they would stay, and the morning services were over. At two o'clock the meeting was opened again by singing from the Temperance choir, followed by the Shakers. Letters from F. W. Evans, the Sha- ker Elder, and Antoinette Doolittle, were read by Mrs. Amanda Deyo. Mrs. Blake then made a vig- orous speech, followed by L. V. Gardner of this city. The choir sang ' Purity and Love,' and the crowd was silent to a whisper. Mrs. Matilda Victor, of Michigan, made an im- passioned address. She was followed by one of the Shakeresses, Anna White, daughter of Robert White, of New York, who has belonged to the Lebanon Society for seventeen years, and was formerly a pupil of Mr. William Gibbons, who taught the seminary on Mansion Square, many years since. Better results or a better meeting could not have been reasonably desired.