RETROSPECTIVE Adown the highway of the past Fierce Passion's chariots clang and dash, To forward truths, ordained to last When human weapons cease to clash. Through Jewish epochs we discern A glimmering light — though faint and far, We watch it, till we see it burn— The pride of time — the Morning Star. And then through Gentile ages search, To find a corresponding ray— A gleam of the millennial church— A flush of the millennial day. What scenes of horror center there ! Where savage factions strive for might; With arm of steel, not heart of pray'r, Though God would guide them in the right. Far stretched the sacerdotal cloud ; Gross darkness on the people lay; The Church and State with scepters proud, Forbade the dawning of the day. Yet, Church and State, like marshes are That point their lances at the sky ; Their festering odors breathe afar. Their reeds must bow when winds pass by. All strong through carnage, England stood, And king and bishop bore the sway, When Cromwell rose in midnight mood, To herald Freedom's distant day; He smote the altar, and the throne, And hurled them from their lofty heights, Gave Freedom's Temple just one stone— The common people's vested rights. The slaves that Moses sought to free, Were unprepared for freedom's boon ; And Cromwell found that liberty Had come to England's sons too soon. Yet, was his mission timely wrought, It made successive tyrants cower, Unfolded energy and thought, That gave Columbia's land its power. O, England ! thou wert called to be. The greatest nation of the world I Thy grand Republic, strong and free, Extending where thy flag unfurl'd. What priest or statesman now could count The loss thy sordid children brought, For it was thine, to be the fount At which redeeming gifts were wrought. The tide waves of a hundred years, Have flung their wrecks on every land, Earth has writh'd on in blood and tears Since from thee went an angel band, They were the messengers of God, Raised up to break the power of sin, To rend the covering spread abroad, And let the light of judgment in. The Spirit of the Christ reveal'd, Was in a lowly woman's heart: From thee her glory was conceal'd, She must from thee, unknown, depart. Yet, the glad tidings of great joy, She published wide in Freedom's land, Where king or priest cannot destroy The good which God designs to stand! Cecelia Devyr, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.