(For the Juvenile Class.) PLANTS Op all objects in nature, perhaps there are none more familiar to us than plants. They please and interest us, and afford subjects for thought; many of them are emblematical of human virtues. Indeed, I have thought whether a close observer might not be able to trace many of the vicissitudes of life through these silent orators of nature. What wonders lie concealed in them! If we look around us, what a variety of little sprouting spears we see beneath our feet; no earthly hand could form and infuse life into one such. And the beautiful evergreen trees, extending their branches in all directions, call forth our admiration. The maxim 'A place for everything, and everything in its place,' is good and useful — forest trees are out of their proper place when intermixed with choice fruit trees — wild plants are unwelcome guests in a cultivated garden, and we seek to extirpate them. Notwithstanding, the world would be robbed of much of its beauty were it denuded of the wild plants and weeds Plants are made more beautiful, and useful, in propor- tion to the degree of cultivation which they receive. The potato, once poisonous, has, by culture, become one of the staple articles of food. Some plants are very remarkable in their formation. In southern Asia it is said a plant is found called ' Pitcher-plant,' so called from its peculiar shape. The bowl of this plant holds nearly a teacupfull of sap, and is formed with a lid on the top. It is abundant in Ceylon, and is often called Monkey Gup, for the reason that Monkeys raise the lid and drink the sap. In India, one kind of these plants grows on a climbing stem of nearly a hundred feet in length, and is destitute of leaves till near the extremity ; it has no cover, consequently in- sects are often drowned in the sap; and it is supposed that the plant receives its nourish- ment from the decomposition of those insects. In South Carolina there is also a plant called a Fly Trap. When the sun shines it opens — a fly lights upon it, and immediately it closes and remains thus, until the victim ceases to struggle, then it opens again to receive another. We are informed that this species of plants is found on the borders of Cape Fear and Santee rivers only. The Cactus is another wonder, found in the vegetable world. It has neither leaves nor stems and will live several months without water. It is well adapted to its own climate. During the wet season of the year it absorbs a large amount of water and stores it away for use through the dry season. We look upon the variegated flowers and plants — their different shapes and hues — with admiration ; but we cannot tell how one of them is formed. Nature is a silent, but a diligent and effectual worker. Miriam Offord, Canaan, N. Y.