REMARKS AT STEINWAY HALL BY ANNA WHITE It is a satisfaction to me to meet with the audience before us, and to have an opportunity to communicate a few thoughts, and to give expression to some of the deep feelings of my heart. I come before you in the humble garb of a Shaker. Yet I am not an alien. New York city is the pla,ce of my nativity — the home of my early childhood. Fortune favored me with a few years' residence in the State of New Jersey, where I roamed in those beautiful green meadows in sight of the majestic ocean, and I never tired of watching the flowing and ebbing of the tide, or listening to its surging waves. I was a child of nature, and believed in the saying that ' God made the country, man made the city.' When I again returned to the city I could not feel at home. My father, mother, brothers and sisters were here, all of whom I tenderly loved, and many would have j udged that I was in possession of all that would tend to make life happy and joyous. But to me it was not home. My heart was pained when I saw the inequality and injustice that existed — the wealthy rolling in affluence and splendor, the poor clothed in rags, and suffering from cold and hunger, I often said, ' Where, O where, is God's justice ! ' City life seemed so artificial. It did not meet the demands of my nature, nor satisfy the cravings of my immortal spirit. I turned from it all to seek a city which hath foundations where love and equality reign, the fruit of which is peace. From a knowledge I had obtained, through reliable sources, I believed the Shakers were in possession of that which my spirit yearned to find. Accordingly in the year 1849, I visited the Society at Mt. Lebanon. The childlike simplicity of their manners, and the purity of their lives, won me to them, and after due deliberation I concluded that the home of the Shakers should be my home, ' their people my people, and their God my God.' With them I have toiled with my hands, and with them I have engaged in the worship of the living God, and to me those seasons have been as joyous as heaven, and as solemn as eternity — the sweetest hours of my life. After twenty-five years' experience, almost to a day, I return to the city of my birth to testify that God dealt kindly and tenderly with me, when he sent some good angel to lead me to my beautif ul consecrated home. I have never ceased to give thanks, and, henceforth, all the powers of my being shall be dedicated to His service in sustaining the cause of truth and righteousness upon the earth.