DUTY OF CHILDREN TO SUPERIORS The editorial upon 'Government of Children,' in December No. of Shaker and Shakeress, is calculated to awaken thought concerning the duty of youth and children toward their parents, guardians and seniors. When I read, ' 'Tis the duty of parents and guardians to study the germinal traits of character in children, and make due allowance for peculiarity of disposition, circumstances of birth, and how they can best secure their confidence,' it came home to me; and I felt that I had cause to render thanks for the kind consideration extended to me in my more youthful days. True, I had passed the period of early childhood before I found those who really understood my nature, and could comprehend my needs. Constitutionally I was impulsive — strong-spirited — and independent; but the voice of reason, mixed with love and tenderness, led me to self-conquest. I have yet many years to pass before I reach the meridian of life, and I still feel the need of wise counselors to aid me; that all my physical, mental and spiritual powers may unfold, expand and grow, and be a blessing to myself and others. I have learned one important lesson, i. e.: Those who, through love and kindness, restrained me when I was running too far, and too fast, and guided my wayward feet in the path of wisdom which leads to peace, were my truest and best friends. And I do not cease to give thanks to God for such Angel guides, as they have been to me. I am confident that youth and children who are the most submissive, obedient and teachable, receive the greatest benefit from the instruction of parents and those who watch over them for good. Children and youth bear the same relation to advancing life that time bears to eternity. If children are dutiful, there is a modesty and pliability attending that period of life. It is their normal condition; and they are adorned with innocence and simplicity which makes them beautiful. They who possess those adornings, if attentive and industrious in learning, and practicing the lessons taught them, will increase in knowledge and goodness, instead of having those virtues turned to arrogance and self-conceit, which bar the way to cultivation and moral growth. Habits formed in early life are the most en- during. Impressions made in childhood are slow to fade. The mind is then free from the cares and burdens which riper years impose — is ready for ideas — the memory is clear and retentive, suited to gather and retain the first seed sown, whether good or bad. Therefore, children and youth should have the opportunity afforded them to obtain true and just conceptions of life. The right use of instruction and knowledge, is to free the mind from ignorance and prejudice, whether inherited or acquired. Life might be a paradise of beauty, if the seeds of disobedience had no soil wherein to germinate and grow. May we not hope the time will come when that woe will be removed? This state of things can be attained unto only by individual exertion and self-sacrifice. Obedience to conviction of right and duty in all things, will dispel the darkness and sorrow caused by disobedience. The result of adher- ing to principle would be to elevate individuals ; then, to exalt nations. Those who regard the laws of their being, and are true to their convictions, are ~the stronghold of the earth, and assist the public conscience in rising to a higher plane of action ; and those who begin in early life to perform good deeds, may stand in the innocence and beauty of life through time, never feeling the blight of sensuality. I rejoice to know that there is an Order of people where principle is first, and pleasure derived from the senses is subordinate. From their standpoint of observation, they discern the wrongs and evils of society — and mourn their fearful ravages ; while they toil and battle to destroy the dragon power that is devouring the youth of the land. What then shall be the duty of the rising generation toward those who are giving their lives for the good of humanity, if not humble, submissive love and obedience? Outside of the Shaker Order, there have been parents who instilled right principles into the minds of their children, and reared them to be national guides — lights — in their day. To Washington, Lady Jane Grey, Margaret Prooper, Abraham Lincoln, and many others, is honor due. They were stars in the terrestrial heav- ens. Believers in Christ's Second Appearing are called to be stars in the Celestial heavens, to teach the higher truths and the law of love. Under the power of that love the impulsive child is made penitent; the irreligious to feel reverence for sacred things. All this I have seen; and I am thankful that, within my Zion home, children are governed in justice and love, and are taught to be pure and truthful. The same impression cannot be made upon all minds. If some turn to the weak and vain things of the world, to seek indulgence in carnal pleasure, after having been taught the higher life, they never forget the lessons which have been given them; and inasmuch as they sin against light, they have to feel the stings of a guilty conscience. While those who study well and are true to conviction, will be as the flowers of heaven that bloom with beauty in the spirit-land. Charlotte Byrdsall, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.