1875. 'Seven Thunders uttered their voices.' G-lory to God in the highest — Peace on Earth. In place of war, Good will to all mankind, especially the Household of Faith, who have kept the Gospel and obeyed its first Testimony. Seven Thunders uttered their voices — Seven Testimonies. First Testimony — Against Generation — perverted and per se. This was the beginning of a New Heaven — new Religious System. Second Testimony — Against perverted physiology— habits of food, dress and occupa- tion, which tend to create and stimulate fleshly lusts, or that ultimate in generation. Is it advisable, for the children of the Resurrection, to leave the use of animal food, to the children of the world, who marry and are given in marriage ? Would all. who eat flesh meat, be willing to be butchers 1 Change of Life involves change of diet, as with the Egyptian Israelites. Third Testimony — Against selfish agriculture— Robbing the Land — taking from it, and not returning to it, the elements of food. The Land should enjoy its Sabbaths of rest'—¦ should be cultivated and managed, not in the Heathenish, but in a Godly manner. The accumulations of ages, of fertilizing economy, on the part of nature, should not be wasted, nor squandered, for temporary ends and objects, without regard to the Laws of compensation which exist between the soil and humanity, and between present and coming generations. Fourth Testimony — Against perverted commerce — creating class distinctions — a general desire to live without work — making labor dishonorable — Land greediness — a desire to own more land than can be taken good care of, ending in speculation. By these means, the inhabitants of a nation are withdrawn from the land and heaped up in villages, towns and cities. The productive agencies of the country exist in the form of young men and women, whose food is all raised for them, by a few overworked agriculturists. Their clothing, made by operatives and machinery, in large factories, where disease-creating conditions are ever present. These landless, homeless classes, in different nations, under the same system, are often involved in strife and strikes with the capitalists, or in national wars of mutual destruction. Fifth Testimony — Against perverted, debauched Literature—the mind-food of millions— sustaining all the seven plagues of Babylon — Generative lusts, by obscene Literature— Physiological lusts, by advertisements, which cause the sale of adulterated and disease-creating food, and then of an endless amount of death-creating medicines, administered by legal and illegal quacks, who live and thrive upon the sins of the population, no better than themselves. It being like Doctor, like dupes. No National wars could be long maintained without war literature and war Instrumental music. Sixth Testimony — Against the prostitution of Spiritualism — Spiritualism, the mother of Science, has been largely prostituted to selfish ends and purposes. 'In her was found the blood of Saints and Martyrs — of all that was shed upon earth.' The holy wars and crusades, and the murder of Spiritual Media, as witches, is common to man, and has abounded in all the Kingdoms of our Christian Babylon, not excepting America. Millions of men and women, shabbily got up by perverted generation — badly educated, by perverted physiology, agriculture and commerce, who have passed to the lower Spirit World, return to Great Babylon — unclean spirits — making its Church Organizations their cages and domiciles. Seventh Testimony — Against the prostitution of Religion — Religion, instead of Love, to God and Humanity — to God in Humanity, is so perverted, or inverted, as to become the synonym of Hate. Those, possessing it in the largest measure, being distinguished, as murderers, above all others, either as national warriors and manufacturers of war implements, so that the Heathens are constantly learning the arts of war from the Christian nations — as witness China and Japan—or they are pre-eminent as inquisitors — religious persecutors. Whole Peoples have, by them, been exterminated from the earth, and doomed to an eternity of unbearable torment. Religion, in its normal condition, is a Dove of Love and goodness. It immediately flits away from the heart that admits the demon of hate. To contend about religion, is to lose the thing contended for.