SHAKER CONVENTION In Steinway Hall, New York, Nov. 23,1874. Delegation of sixteen Shakers. PKOGEAMME. Will Shakerism depopulate the world ?—Primary ideas of God—The God of the Jews not the Deity—Jesus not the Christ—Spiritualism a science, not a religion—It originated among the Shakers eleven years previous to the Rochester Rappings—The Angel of Spiritual, ism—Rev. chapter 18—Swedenborg cotemporary with Ann Lee—Father Evans' recent visit to the Eddys—Spirits can materialize and are materialized. True religion based on physiology, and secures salvation of both soul and body—supplying all spiritual and temporal wants. Two Great Fundamental Orders—the earthly Order, based on correct Generation, with co- operation, and the Heavenly Order, based on Christian Celibacy and Community—A new Heaven and a new Earth. In the Millennium, the civil government will hold the land as common property, and all labor will be performed by co-operation—a final solution of the capital and labor question -—The Equality of Woman recognized—All Government offices held by intellectual celibates. The Spiritual Government or Order based on Divine Revelation, through Spiritualism, resulting in Christian Celibacy and Community. History—from the Jewish Pentecostal to the Gentile Pentecostal Church, founded by Ann Lee. ' The Reign of the Beast'—' The Woman that fled into the wilderness,' and the ' Two Witnesses,' were all in the 1260 years, ending in 1793, when the Shaker Order was established. The ' Beast that came up out of the sea,' was Catholicism—' The Beast that came up out of the Earth, with ten horns,' Protestantism—The ' Ten Horns ' were Skepticism, Infidelity, Scientism, Rationalism, etc. Gentile Christianity is based on Generation and private property—Its product is blood, war, prostitution and all phases of crime, through the union of Church and State which should be separate. The ' Doctrine of Devils '—' Seven Seals ' ' Seven Trumpets'—' Seven Vials '—' Seven Plagues '—Perverted generation, Physiology, Agriculture, Commerce, Literature, Spiritualism, and inverted Religion. Christ's Second Appearing took place in Ann Lee—In 1793 the foundation of the new earth was laid in the American government, which is yet to be developed into a Millennial Order. Danger of putting the Jewish War God into the American Constitution—Catholicism in Europe culminating in Infallibility—Protestantism in America has culminated in the Beecher-Tilton lawsuits. A new Creation—Church and State are to be separate—The People will live in one of the two Orders—Generative Co-operation, or Celibate Communism—In both Orders will be Health of Body—All Disease, Pain and Death will be removed from the people, who will enjoy life in health and happiness. Q. F. Train writes, ' The Shaker Convention was a grand success, and is still shaking Babylon through the press.' The Graphic gave a pictorial view of the Convention, quite good.