SECOND THUNDER Beloved Elder J. B. Vance, Alfred, Me.: The Lynn ' Record,' containing an account of your successful meetings there, is received. I have just finished re-reading your able address — wise in spirit, luminous and logical in matter. To see the rising class — the young men — coming up to the help of the Lord, is a great comfort to my spirit. « Who shall go forth in this fight ? The young men of the princes of the provinces.' ' Who shall order the battle ? ' Henceforth these must fight the battles of the Lord — Truth against Error — the New against the Old: the second thunder sounding to raise the dead in Nature, and to awaken those who are sleeping in the dust of the earth, in the present Gospel degree. Dust was to be the serpent's meat, even in the Holy Mountain. In my day I have striven zealously to do my work. I have fought the good fight, and kept the living faith of a Gospel-increase alive in my own soul, and in the souls of many others. I glory in the cross I have borne against physical lusts, other than those of generation. I am joyful in this day because I have ' suffered in the flesh,' having ceased to eat flesh thirty-five years ago. The battle has been a heavy one, for the pioneers, but victory lights upon our banner. The morning dawns; the end draws near, when the waters of truth, like the Mill river flood, will burst the barriers that have so long held them in check. Pretty soon the old theological dam will give way all at once. It cannot much longer withstand the wear and tear of waves succeeding each other, keeping up a continuous, everlasting pressure of new ideas, right from the inner heavens. The primary fundamental principles of the Old Theology, laid down by the Council of Nice, reformed by Luther, Calvin, Servetus, and their successors, Knox, Edwards, Bushnell, Beecher, Cheever, Tyng; and reaffirmed and reissued by the Evangelical Alliance — these, with Scott, Clark, Miller and Grant, and all the rest of them, are done for — the dam will give way 1 My work has been to help start the lower tier of theological stones and timbers in the old dilapidated structure. In the New York Tabernacle, a long time ago, I declared that the Grod of Israel was a medium of powers still above him; that, even under Scripture ruling, ' He called them gods, unto whom the word of God, from higher powers — the Christ-Heavens — came.' It was strong meat for many; and when I affirmed that Jesus was not the Christ, any more than Ann was the Christ; that as she was a woman, and a Gentile one at that, so was Jesus a man, a Jew, who as truly confessed his sins as did Ann Lee, or as any one of us has ever done,e verybody/e^ that that was just as the thing ought to be. But would not the old dam of the first cycle go, if these positions were admitted and suffered to be- come Orthodox ? Have we not all, in the world, been educated in the old theology of a God above law, a mythical Jesus, or Christ, and of the holy Protestant Scriptures ? Did we not practically believe and hold them as the word of Grod ? Was not the Protestant translation the true one ? Were not the apostles — to say nothing of Jesus — unbounded in knowledge, perfect in doctrine ? The fall of man from the holy, immaculate state in which God created him, a full grown angelic being, by virtue of his existence, without any travail of soul — our great loss by Adam's great sin, these must not he questioned ! As antichrist began to work in the Primitive Church, has he not continued to work in this Church, in all physical and physiological matters; for was not sickness, amongst us, a matter over which we had no control ? Was it not a wise dispensation of the all-wise Creator, entirely beyond human supervision? I take these positions: First, the Mosaic law is fundamental to the Gospel; they belong together — complement each other. Second, there is a sharp distinction between Jewish and Grentile Christianity, which must be removed. Third, all parties and processes, connected with the generation of Jesus, are -wrachristian, and do not belong to the resur- rection order. Fourth, no man or woman was ever born a Christian. Fifth, generation, whether of Gods, Christs, Holy Ghosts, Angels, or Men and Women, is demonstration, strong as proof from holy writ, that the parties concerned, from beginning to end, were in some one of the earths — the most outward and external proceeding from the creative fountain of Deity, the lowest of all normal spheres. The hells are abnormal. Jesus travailed into Christianity. Like all Jews, he believed in a physical resurrection, and headed a general movement in the spiritworld, to actualize it. He failed, but not without achieving a partial success, by raising Lazarus, returning to his own body, and also raising the bodies of many other of the saints who had died in the faith of a physical resurrection, and whom nothing but the fact of reentering their former bodies, and then dying over again, could convince and confound. They all belonged to the same race of our modern antichristians, of whom the Second Adventists are the most logical type. As a Jew, Jesus believed in war; he practiced it in the temple. When arrested, his company possessed, if indeed they had not sold garments to provide swords. He expected spiritual assistance, and as a good Jew, properly so. He headed a general insurrection against the powers that were, in the belief that he would be sustained by supernatural phenomena, as were the Jews, against the inhabitants of the land of Canaan. At his birth, he was so noticed. Why not in becoming ' King of the Jews ? ' The apostles all believed in the physical resurrection, ' Dunlavy' did not perceive that fact. Spiritualism is a science, not a religion. Hitherto, we, as Shakers, have been but a Gentile Pentecostal Church, comparatively ignorant of the physical truths of the Jewish order, which the Jewish Pentecostal Church fully understood and indorsed eighteen hundred years ago. J^NJD 2 SHAKEEE88. The marriage of the Lamb has not yet occurred, except so far as Ann Lee and her successors in office, power and trust, have been con- nected, by magnetic and spiritual association, with Jesus and the Jews of the Pentecostal Church, in the spiritual world. This Grentile Mother Church will hear the seven thunders, before she will receive the whole counsel of Grod. Then will come the day that will be as the light of iseven days. It is a novel idea, that good old Believers, who thought themselves perfected Christians, far better than any Jews, will yet have to learn truth of them; that a perfect union between the old saints of former dispensations and the new saints of this order, must be effected, each party giving and receiving truths, one from the other, and becoming joined like a ring. These and similar truths are now pressing upon Believers from the spirit-world. We must fall at the feet of Jesus, like Paul before G-amaliel, and accept him, not as a Catholic, a Protestant, nor a Greek Christian, but as a Jewish Christian. The old '¦' dam ' must give way, then the ' flood ' of truth will carry off a lot of rubbish. Old things will pass away. When the ''dam' breaks, the waters will do the rest. Judgment begins at the house of God; and it is a great work to convert into real Shakers, many Believers who have passed out of the body. How could it be otherwise? When in the world, I was joined to a company of materialists — radicals — unto whom the first principles of the new earth were being revealed. We loved our fellow-man with a love that many Christians might do well to emulate. But Gfod put it into our hearts to hate the Old Mill Dam — all the old theologies of Christendom, of Babylonian confusion. With the subtle waters of natural truth we worked away at the 'old dam,' like beavers, until we removed the lowest tier of foundation stones and timbers, held together by rotten cement, under shoddy contracts . First, we claimed the right to think, to reason; the right of conscience. Second, that belief was the result of evidence, not of authority. Third, that woman was the equal of man, except in physical strength, possessing the same right; that it was her province to regulate reproduction in all respects, just as females of all other animals regulate it. In government, in property, and in all duties of citizenship, there should be no invidious distinction nor disparaging preferences. If war was improper for woman, that was proof that it was also improper for man — was wrong per se. Fourth, that the land belonged, by inalienable right, to the race, not to individuals; and that land monopoly preceded all the wars, and wars created chattel slavery, wages, slavery and poverty — diseases coming in from secondary causes. We were as truly inspired, though we knew it not, to reassert and bring forth these primary truths of a new earthly order, as were Ann Lee and her compeers, to reassert and bring forth the first principles of a New Heavenly Order. And that new spiritual order will never exist in its glory, until it recognizes, in full, the truths pertaining to a millennium on the earth, even as they are recognized by the first Pentecostal church in the spirit-world: A true, godly, scientific agriculture, conjoined with a perfect physiology, that will remove the causes of all diseases in the new earth and from the new heavens — a dietary as pure as was the manna, and as natural. Because these truths are a two-edged sword, cutting both ways upon physical and theological errors, in the natural and spiritual orders, is he who iterates and reiterates them therefore an enemy? Is not truth our dearest friend, Guide and guardian evermore? Will it not our plans subtend, Eeaching the immortal shore? Fraternally yours, F. W. Evans. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., June 17th, 1874.