IDOL WORSHIP If any presume that the day of idolatry is past, we would hasten to relieve them of the hallucination, and raise a warning cry against the false gods of the day in which we live. At no time, in all past human history, has idolatry been more prevalent than now — never has the imperative proclamation, ' Thou shalt have no gods but me,' been more needed, nor more opportune. And when we think of the gross blindness of the people in by-gone days, these remarks become all the stronger. We are too apt to look with extreme pity or dis- gust, upon those we have chosen to call heathen, because they paid much adoration to cu- riously carved blocks of wood or stone, forgetting meanwhile that these are the most harm- less practices of all idolatry. The homage paid to flesh and blood, to gold, to institutions of various kinds, and to ' idols dwelling in the heart,' far surpasses, in extent and in de- pravity, any former age since the history of the world began. To enumerate for denun- ciation, all the idols that are holding carnival in unregenerate hearts, would fill volumes; and we purpose no such undertaking. But against the whole army of figures, animate and inanimate, that are occupying the place of SHAKEK Christ in the heart, we would bear testimony, while we endeavor to point out some few prominent gods, that are worse, and more worshiped than any fixture of wood or brass ever erected by any heathen. That selfishness is the great idol and sin of the world, there can be but small success at denial. That nearly all things are made to bend to the worship of self, needs but little evidence to render general proof. Inclination may lead us to set apart the Bible as an object of adoration. The same may be said of the Sabbath. While we know that without the spirit of truth, the letter or materiality killeth; and that ' the Sabbath was made for man ' and not man to worship the Sabbath. Thus selfish inclinations would cause us to live to uphold any and all institutions that would further the demands of self. Instead of making institutions the means of self-control, abasement and consequent elevation, we too commonly seek to make them the objects that shall ultimate in selfish redundancy. Making money, position, fashion, dress, luxury, or any dominant desire we may have, is an idol before which we are tempted to bow perpetually, consecrating thereto the first fruits of our thoughts and affections. With us, as Believers, there is as much danger of idolatry as in any class of people known. We may pride ourselves upon the peculi ar purity of ou r lives, and at the same time be idolatrizing institutions of mammon in some of his protean forms. Living apart from the world may become a matter of such lazy selfishness that we make it a matter of studious gratification. We are liable to make the garments we wear, objects of worship, and instead of their being representations of principles that are true, they take the precedence of the principles themselves. Principle is the main thing. Let institutions, young and old, subserve the purposes of godly principle ; and not principle humiliated to sustain any institution. Self-abnegation, in some particular point or points, may be very good; but this can never answer the purpose of an entire submission to principle. To eat or drink that we may expend our strength in the gratification of other lusts, is a common species of idolatry. The lusts for good (?) living will sometime appear to us as bad as any other lusts. The seating of some human favorite in our hearts to rule or bias our conduct, where only principle should sit, is still another common idolatrous shrine. The common god of the age is gold ; and this god worships the goddess of fleshly lusts. And look where we may, the world over, we find but few exceptions from the general rule that the worship of women, land, and kindred monopolies, have been the idol-causes of all the wars and inflictions that have ever cursed poor humanity. Let the object of our heart's worship be God alone, and to love our neighbor as ourselves will be consequent fruits. G. A. Loomas, Watervliet, N. Y.