WELCOME. TO OUR MISSIONARIES Welcome as the sight of haven to the starving sailor crew, Welcome as the sparkling waters to the desert trav'ler's view, Welcome as the fresh'ning showers to the parched and thirsty earth, Welcome as the truth of heaven to the soul that feels its worth, Welcome as love's healing balm is to the bruised and wounded breast, The return of Zion's mission to their Gospel kindred blest. Yea, we greet you, well beloved ! Ye have nobly fought the fight, Victors' laurels wreathe the brows of those who conquer wrong with right, Hate with love, and selfishness supplant with feelings good and kind, Who exhale a peaceful sphere of love and purity of mind. Ye have cast upon the waters —but ye have not lost the seed; It shall germinate in souls that saviors on Mt. Zion need; They shall flock to Zion's borders, sick of sin and selfish strife, They shall find a promised land and eat the precious bread of life. Freely have ye sown the seed, and bounteous harvest shall ye reap ; Ransom'd souls shall yet rejoicing heartfelt blessings on you heap. Not of the redeeming power of slaughter'd martyr's sacred blood, Shed for ev'ry erring mortal drown'd in sin's o'er- whelrning flood, Waa the burthen of your message to the mixed and motley throng. Nav, a more exalted theme— a testimony stern and strong, 'Gainst a selfish life of sin, against hypocrisy and sham That gives carnality free scope while trusting in a slaughtered Lamb. (Lamb or man, it matters not, the principle's the same; who seek Salvation through the grace of God and faith in Calvary are weak.) Help thyself and God will help thee was the burthen of your song; Self-reliance, active effort is the maxim of the strong. Ye have taught the law of kindness, not to fellowman alone, But to ev'ry living creature that can cruelty be- moan ; Ye have inculcated justice, mercy, charity and love; Ye have blest all honest effort pain and suff'ring to remove. And the angels bless your labors; we most heartily unite: — We who here at home, in peace, remember'd those who fought the fight, Braved the storm, the moil and turmoil, found in Bab'lon's busy mart, Spreading Gospel tidings : —lovingly we clasp you to our heart. Welcome, father, mother, sister, brother, Gospel kindred dear, Welcome, Zion missionaries, kindly welcome here! Hewson Brown, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.