LIGHT One of the Apostles in his version of the word glory — made three divisions — 'glory of the sun, glory of the moon, and glory of the stars.' So when speaking of Light, it may also be classed under three heads, viz.: artificial, natural and spiritual. Artificial light is obtained through a variety of means — gas, petroleum, whale oil, wax candles, down to the rush taper. In the natural, visible heavens, luminous bodies, called suns and fixed stars, revolve around the center of gravity ; they do not reflect the light of other planets, but are themselves primary sources of light. Secondary planets, like the moon, have their place, their glory, as well as the Primary, varying in magnitude and degree; but the nearer the Secondary is to the Primary, the greater the amount of light received. Light is the agent through which objects become visible to our senses, and it is indispensable to the growth and development of all material substances ; without it there can be no perfection. Plants that are kept in dark cellars are pale and sickly in appearance, while those of the same kind, when exposed to the vivifying rays of sunlight, present a deeper, richer hue. Natural things are symbols of spiritual things; the spiritual being superior, for the reason that the natural is designed to meet the temporary wants and physical needs of humanity, while in a terrestrial state of existence. The spiritual is created for, and adapted to, the soul-needs, and reaches to the life beyond. As the solar rays are essential to animal and vegetable life in the outer world, or rudimental sphere, so also are rays of divine light, which emanate from the Central Sun of all worlds, indispensable to the soul's growth in the ever unfolding truths pertaining to the life that is eternal. There are bodies terrestrial, and bodies celestial, and there is a glory and light pertaining to each. On the natural or generative plane of life, those who are the most just and moral, most strict in the observance of Nature's laws, are stars, or lights to those who are lower in the scale of morality than themselves. Those who, by reason of gross sins, are in darkness, are like plants in a cold dark cellar, morally and spiritually diseased; and they need the power of truth to lift the curtains that the light may shine upon their souls, and convict them of wrong-doing, and cause them to forsake it. And they need to be acted upon, and to receive the influence of the more progressed in their own Order. Those who have risen to the higher Angelic Order— into the 'resurrection'—above marriage, are bright spiritual lights that act upon those who stand the highest, and are the most progressed in the Natural Order. And they who are the most spiritually progressed, approach the nearest to the redeemed in the spirit world, and receive the most directly from the Central Source of all Light, and are thus enabled to shed effulgent brightness through spheres below them. Such become living, hallowed temples for the indwelling of the Holy Spirit — receptacles of Light and Glory. Emily Offord, Canaan, N. Y.