INDUSTRY ' Let us toil, for all that lives, Sacrifice of labor gives.' To be alive in the work assigned us in life's busy sphere of action, is to be fulfilling the design of our existence on the earth. High powers and capacities enfolded within, need but the developing process (education) to bring them forth to uses best calculated to benefit ourselves and others. Why idly dream of pleasure, or languish in indolence ? Why seek rest in sloth and ease, instead of uniting with living moving forces which are actively engaged to progress and hasten the growth of all in Nature's realm ? Toiling myriads therein, mock the trial. ' Go to the ant thou sluggard, learn of her ways and be wise.' Untiring industry marks the life of the tiny creatures, as they build, and gather, and store away their food for future use, on the real communistic plan, as do the bees. It is proverbial that the busy bee through all the sunny hours toils unceasingly sipping honey drops from fields of fairest bloom; yet God replenishes their cups with sweetness ; and their toil is not in vain. Nor are the curious little workers selfish; they fill many a cell beyond their own need, and man with all his intellect, not half so ' wise in his day and generation,' feasts on the fruits of their industry, without realizing the worth of hard earned labor, spent in its accumulation, which he would be quite unwilling to give for others. Thus it is with all the sweets and blessings of life and home; they come not by chance. Heaven has not ordained that they should drop down upon us to curse, instead of bless, our existence. These are the well-earned fruits of industry, gathered and secured to us through cheerful sacrifice in duty, and a lofty purpose of doing good. It is in the beautiful well ordered system of Christianity, that we behold, outwrought, those glorious principles which create the com- mon brotherhood of man, and sustain mutual, fraternal industry, in its highest and best forms. The Gospel never repealed the rulings, ' In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat thy bread;' but in justice—righteousness and equality — gives to labor new dignity, and transforms it from menial slavish servitude, to pleasant, active occupation. Herein lies the Christian's warfare against selfhood, with heart wrapt in coat of mail — shrinking closely within its narrow sphere, in constant terror of being drawn too far from its contracted limits, into the broadening field of true philanthropy, where it will be robbed of that ease-loving spirit, which fixes bounds for the soul's expansion, and dwarfs the powers of mind and body. It is this low sordid selfishness that makes the world just what it is,— 'a school of wrong — ' where a greedy, grasping love of gain to waste in prodigality, and sensual indulgence, and where selfdestructive pleasure is the ruling motive. In our beautiful love-built Zion home, I behold, with exceeding joy, the actualization of the highest and purest ideal of life, which many have longed and waited to see, but were not able to attain unto. Here is, indeed, a spiritual communion of self-sacrificing souls, devoted unreservedly to each other's good, influenced by chaste soul love, they form a heaven upon earth. ' Always busy,' I once remarked to an aged sister, who was plying her needle with the quiet but queenly air of one whom indolence had never dwarfed nor selfishness bemeaned. '•I never spent many moments idly in my life,' was her pleasant response. Her long life, like that of many others, had been given in a noble service. Such fulfill the apostolic injunction ' Not slothful in business ; fervent in spirit, serving the Lord.' It is this real fervency of spirit, enlisted in a good cause, that gives zest to labor, sunders the soul from selfishness, and lights it with a glow of expansive life, akin to the benign influence of sunlight. 0 may the young, who are sharing the blessing of consecrated toil, make firm their resolve to live for lofty aims and benevolent purposes, to strike their roots deep in the soil of usefulness — spread wide their branches of industry, and let their clustering leaves be the growth of well filled moments ; then like grand old Oaks, their shade will, in time, be a grateful retreat for the toil worn and weary, and the blessing that faileth not shall be the reward of well doing. Martha J. Anderson, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.