SELF-DENIAL Self-Denial is a subject upon which much has been said and written, and yet it is not exhausted. It is one of the grand old themes upon which we love to dwell; it opens a broad, expansive field of thought and exercise of mind, and affords means for self-improvement. Jesus said: ' If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, take up his cross, and follow me.' Perhaps we have not a more perfect example of self-denial than is found in the life of Jesus of Nazareth. His was the full cross against all sin. He resisted every evil temptation and inclination. His whole life, as far as we have knowledge, was devoted to the cause of truth to promulgate pure, undefiled religion, uncontaminated by false creeds and theories. His mission was to establish a faith that would raise mankind from a state of self-servitude, in which he found them, into a higher condition of spiritual freedom. To accomplish that object, history informs us, he sacrificed all selfish considerations, and went about doing good, teaching purity of life — of which his own was a practical illus- tration. By a life of self-denial, he was lifted up into the resurrection state, and drew others unto him ; and he became a Savior — Eedeemer — unto them. He was one of the greatest Philanthropists the world has ever known ; and his name will be remembered and exalted through all generations. While attentively reading the historical accounts of the life of Jesus — how he endured the scoffs and jeers of his ignoble persecutors — the question naturally arises, Why did he endure all this opposition ? Why his unremitting devotion to principle — enduring the cross — despising all shame that his cruel oppressors sought to heap upon him ? The answer is: ' Because he loved righteousness and hated iniquity ;' and was a chosen Instrument to perform a work for humanity, and to be their great Exemplar. His mission was to prepare the way of holiness, that others might, with safety, walk therein. And he became as a lamp to the feet, and a light to the path of all who choose to follow him in the work of regeneration; aided by ministrations from on high, he raised a standard upon which was inscribed Purity, Fidelity, and Self-sacrifice ! There were beauty and excellence in his whole character. Every virtue found an abiding place in him. Benevolence, firmness, and strength of purpose to sacrifice selfish pursuits, were manifest throughout his life. He did not allow his powers to lie dormant and await some great revolution to arouse them to action, but by persevering energy he '' overcame the world,' and encouraged his followers to do as he had done. He said : ' Be of good cheer, I have overcome the world.' What world was it that he overcame ? He did not use carnal weapons to conquer nations ; far from it. He was a man of peace ; and, if it were in his power to achieve military renown, his life was devoted to a higher purpose. Jesus was a man of like passions with his disciples, and overcame those in himself by the cross ; and he encouraged his disciples by bidding them be of good cheer; for if it were possible for him to conquer the world in himself, it would also be possible for them. The same power is given in our own time ; if we will do the works, we shall experience the same results. And it is a binding requirement upon every one, who ' names the name of Christ, to depart from iniquity,' as he did, and to put on his life and character, and follow in his footsteps, and strive to promote peace and good-will among men. That blessed day is approaching, prophesied of old, when ' righteousness shall cover the earth as the waters cover the sea, and nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.' Dawn upon us, 0 glorious day of peace ! May the work of self-denial diffuse itself throughout the length and breadth of our land, and the Sun of Righteousness shed abroad its searching rays, penetrating the deepest recesses of the human mind, banishing, forever, the dark clouds of idolatry and superstition. Ella Winship, Son Yea, N. Y.