Shakers [From the New Haven Daily Press.] SHAKERS. From Elder Frederick, W. Evans, etc.: We learned that the Shakers, who are the followers of 'Mother Ann' (Lee), are believers in the fulfillment of her prophecy, which was 'the gathering of persons to the gospel of Christ's second appearing, of which she was the messenger.' For this they hope, labor and watch. They also believe in ' community of goods,' and instead of attending solely to one's spiritual necessities, they care for and supply the temporal wants. The Shaker societies have never extended beyond the bounds of the United States, which is accounted for by them from the fact that their religion cannot exist and flourish except under such governments as secure freedom of speech and of the press, liberty of conscience and perfect separation between Church and State. About twenty-five years ago the use of swine as food was discontinued, and they use no alcoholic preparations except under medical advisement. Their objects in dress are modesty, health, and comfort, and unless these virtues can be promoted they never change their fashion. The other vir- tues which they claim are sexual purity, temperance in food, and all other things ; neatness, industry, peace, charity to the poor, and a prudent, saving economy in all temporal things. Each sex works in its own appropriate sphere of action, there being a proper subordination, deference and respect of the female to the male in his order, and of the male to the female in her order, so that in any of these communities the zealous ad- vocates of 'woman's rights' may here find a practical realization of their ideal. We were not of course permitted to observe their peculiar form of private worship (there was no public meeting), but everyone knows that they serve God by singing and dancing, as they are ' moved by the spirit.' They quote the customs of the Jews, who made their Sabbaths joyous festivals, and rejoiced before the Lord with music and dancing as a justification of their mode of worship. We will not longer tire your readers with our visit to the Shakers except to say that order and neatness everywhere prevail, not only in their numerous buildings but also on their farms and in the streets. So far as we have consulted with residents in the vicinity there is but one opinion regarding the dealings of the Shakers, and that is that they are upright and honorable in all their transactions between man and man. 'Our Local S.'