BIBLE SPIRITUALISM BY D. WINDER TRANSFIGURATION AND MATERIALIZATION. Text : — ' Jesus took Peter, James and John, and went up into a high mountain to pray; and as He prayed, the fashion of His countenance was altered, and His raiment was white and glittering; and behold there talked with Him two men, which were Moses and Elias ; who appeared in glory, and spake of His decease which He should accomplish at Jerusalem. — They (Peter, James and John) saw His glory, and the two men that stood with Him.'—Luke 9: 28-33. —o— The history of the physical sciences,— their dis- covery, progress and development,— is being repeated in the new spiritual philosophy. A little more than two centuries ago, Galileo was imprisoned for uttering the discovery that our globe revolved on its axis. Previous to that time, and long after, eclipses of the sun and moon, the appearance of comets, and the lurid glare of aurora borealis, were regarded as supernatural phenomena, foreboding some dire calamity to the children of earth. We have an example of transfiguration in the case of Stephen, the first martyr to the cause of Jesus Christ. When he was brought before the Jewish Sanhedrim, and false and grievous charges brought against him, we are told by the historian, Luke, that 'all that sat in the council, looking steadfastly on him, saw his face as it had been the face of an angel.' He was not only transfigured, but his spiritual vision was opened, and he cried out, 'Behold, I see the heavens opened, and the Son of Man standing on the right hand of God.'— (Acts 6: 15, and 7: 55.) Advance has been made in all the physical sciences, as well as in astronomy. The mysteries of the material world are rapidly unraveling, elevating the human race to a physical plane far beyond either the comprehension or credence of even our grandfathers. A corresponding advance is being made in the mental, moral and spiritual sciences. Not only the crude ideas of the ancients in reference to natural phenomena, but the old theological dogmas and creeds are being rapidly exploded, giving place to a more rational and con- sistent system of moral ethics. The present is evidently a grand epoch in the history of our world ; especially in its moral, religious, and spiritual phases. And it is a significant fact, that the most startling religious and spiritual events of the present times, are almost exact duplicates of those which characterized the period when Jesus of Nazareth sojourned on earth. The history of the Nazarene and his followers is being repeated, although this fact is fully recognized by comparatively few at the present time, owing to the perversion and misapprehension of the events of both periods. In the imagination of the masses, the events of the Nazarene period are exaggerated, while the events of the present are disparaged and underrated. Unbelievers in modern spiritual phenomena delude themselves, in assuming that if they could see such prodigies as are ascribed to Jesus and his disciples, they would be convinced ; but the fact that thousands who witnessed the so- called miracles of Jesus, rejected all his pretensions, fully demonstrates this delusion. Influenced by pride and selfishness, when they could not deny the phenomena, they imputed them to satanic power and influence, or deceptive magical arts. It is just so now. It seems to me that even the most advanced Spiritualits are not aware of the grand stage of progress already reached in this glorious development of heavenly experience and truth. As the materialization of disembodied spirits, so as to render them visible, tangible and audible to ordinary mortals, is now a demonstrated fact, by the most rigid scientific tests, I am persuaded the way will soon be opened for the free intercourse of kindred spirits, in and out of the flesh. We shall then realize the words of Paul: ' Ye are come to an innumerable company of angels, and to the spirits of just men made perfect.' In our text, we have an example of two phases of spiritual phenomena, transfiguration and materialization ; the latter in the cases of Moses and Elias, who had long been inhabitants of the Spiritworld ; the former in the case of Jesus of Nazareth, still in the flesh. This phase,— transfigura- tion,— I regard as the highest to be obtained by earth's children in the flesh ; while materialization, with all its consequent results, is the highest phase of development on the part of disembodied spirits, in their relation to our mundane sphere. Jesus was then in his material body, and Moses and Elias in their spiritual body. The transfiguration of his body, and the materialization of theirs, had, no doubt, the effect to produce a uniformity in their appearance. While on this subject, I wish to draw the attention of advanced Christian Spiritualists to the peculiar physico-spiritual status of Jesus, during the forty days that intervened between his resurrection and ascension. The solution of this appa- rent mystery remains as one of the future achievements of Spiritual Philosophy. If we understood all now, we should have no more to learn ; progress in spiritual knowledge would be at an end. The further we advance in spiritual science, the more we understand of the historic records of the New Testament; and the more firm and abiding our faith becomes in the truth of these records. Old theologies have proved a total failure in explaining and harmonizing these records. With them, the words ' miracle ' and ' mystery' are satisfactory answers to all inquiries they cannot answer. With us, our answer is, 'ignorance of spiritual laws.' In the first place, it is certain the records testify that the physical body of Jesus was dead and buried, and that his soul, or spirit, went to hades, the ordinary place of departed spirits, called the intermediate state. It is also certain that his physical body was raised from the dead, and reoccupied by his soul or spirit, until his ascension to heaven. These facts are distinctly stated by the four Evangelists, and recognized as true by the Apostles in all their speeches and writings. Peter, in his famous discourse on the day of Pentecost, says : ' His soul was not left in Hell (hades); neither did his flesh see corruption.' Theologians attach to the word 'Hell' the idea of a lake of fire and brimstone. The detailed account of the scene at the sepulchre of Jesus ; the testimony of angels who met the disciples there, and invited them to ' see the place where the Lord lay; ' the meeting of Jesus in person by the disciples, as they were hastening to inform their brethren ; His hailing them ; their holding Him by the feet, etc., all show that His physical body was reanimated. Hence He was called the ' first fruits of them that slept.' He was the first who was raised from the dead to die no more. He appeared to His disciples on various ocasions after His resurrection; and on one occasion, when they were alarmed at His sudden and unexpected appearance, and supposed they 'saw a spirit,' He invited them to handle Him, saying: 'A spirit hath not flesh and bones, as you see Me have.' He also asked them if they had any meat (victuals), and He ate before them, to convince them that He was not a spirit, but the veritable Jesus of Nazareth, in the same body He occupied before His crucifixion. Between His resurrection and ascension, He had the power to ap- pear and disappear at pleasure: to enter into the rooms where the disciples were assembled, with the doors bolted and locked for fear of the J 3 8HAKBE Jews. He met the disciples on the road, and 'their eyes were held that they should not know Him,' until He pleased to make Himself known. This phase of Physio-Spiritual Philosophy, though remarkable and extraordinary in Jesus, was not peculiar to Him. In the eighteenth chapter of the acts of the Apostles, we have an account of Philip, the deacon, whom, so soon as he came out of the water, after baptizing the Eunuch, the 'spirit caught away, and the Eunuch saw him no more.' This phase of Bible Spiritualism remains yet to be developed in our new, or modern spiritual philosophy. As the angels are revealing the chemical process by which spiritual bodies are materialized, when we reach the phase of transfiguration, no doubt they will explain this also. Is it unreasonable to conclude that the twelve men, whom Jesus educated as his scholars, understood what his views about the resurrection of his body were, and that, as he believed so did they believe ? — Ed.