SHAKERESS. [Address at Steinway Hall.] RENOVATED WOMAN A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS Friends : We appear before you as representatives of an Order of people, who have been misapprehended ; and their mission has generally been misinterpreted. It is not our work, nor purpose, to reprehend others for not believing, and seeing eye to eye with us, so much as to reprove wrong in ourselves; and to practically raise the standard of moral virtue and spiritual truth, so high, that others may thereby be led to glorify God, in word, in deed, and in truth. Names, sects, parties and isms, are of little account. Every sect holds some imperishable truth that belongs to God, its Fountain and Source. Truth will live. It is strong, and will ultimately displace error. As far as Shakerism embodies Truth, it is potent to shake what is false and untrue. But Shaherism, and its adherents, will be tested by truth's unerring standard; and whatever is erroneous in their theory, or practice, will be outgrown and left behind. The wheels of progression are moving and naught but truth will stand, 'when God in the glory of His majesty ariseth to shake terribly the earth.' The work of shaking is not a new thing. He shook the heavens and earth in the Jewish dispensation; (their civil and religious institions.) And yet once more He has promised to shake all things that can be shaken. Shaking and removing error, and establishing truth, will not be accomplished by sudden revolutions and great upheavals in society, so much as by degrees, and in ways that will meet the reason and conscience of intelligent immortal beings. The times in which we live are propitious, fraught with actual and portentous events. Slavery, in its grossest form, has been abolished. At what cost of physical life, material wealth, and moral virtue, the captive's chains were broken, will be seen and felt when the present generation shall sleep with their fathers. Such wounds are not soon healed. Now, Woman is beginning to hear the trumpet's voice, which is sounding loud and clear, calling her to come forth from the tomb wherein her .best powers and capabilities have been buried and lain dormant so long. The time is fulfilled, and an Angel of the Lord has rolled away the great stone from the door of the sepulcher, and is calling upon woman to leave her grave clothes behind — to be resuscitated — to assert her libe-rty, and to arise in the dignity of woman- hood, under the influence of regenerate life and love, and henceforth breathe the air of freedom. She has a work to do — a sphere to fill — a standard to raise, and the demand for labor is great. If woman would work successfully, she must keep within her own sphere. The distinctive lines between the masculine and feminine are clearly denned. Love, refined from sensuality, is woman's stronghold! There is great power in true love! As far as woman is guided and influenced by that power, she represents the Motherhood in Deity. Man, by his stern logical powers, his strength and wisdom, represents the Fatherhood in Deity. The sea and land have their prescribed limits. So with man and woman. Bach should have full freedom to act in their own spheres, according to the behests of conscience — moving in harmony — being mutual aids, the one to the other; for without concert of action, little good can be attained. As in the natural family circle it is difficult for man to fill the office of father and mother both, so is it quite as difficult for a male priesthood to minister and perform the duties and requisitions of both male and female. Male Saviors need the co-operation of Female Saviors in the work of regeneration. The duality of Deity is a grand truth, long kept within the veil; for the reason, that humanity had not progressed unto it. As the veil is removed, and that truth is revealed, the mystery of godliness will pass away. Who will not joyfully trim up their lamps, and go forth to meet the Bridegroom and Bride — a perfect Parentage — to feel a Father's strength, and a Mother's love and care? 0, the tenderness of a heavenly Mother's love! How barren the churches are without it! Many weary and sin-sick children have pined and sorrowed for a spiritual Mother's love, and knew not how, nor where, to find it! Now, the maternal spirit, from the highest heavens, is descending through ' many mansions,' or spheres, using various instrumentalities, to vivify, warm and bless the race. Many hearts are made glad; and a shout is heard — Welcome! thrice welcome, every dove messenger, sent by our heavenly Mother, to the earth sphere. This beautiful spirit is quickening the hearts of many daughters, and opening their eyes to the necessity of energetic action. Already they are putting forth strong efforts in the temperance cause — taking a noble and honorable part, and from our hearts we say ' God bless and prosper them.' In the promotion of Peace principles, they are also working energetically, and, we hope, successfully. If Peace prevail, War must cease. All can see that two opposites — love and hate — cannot rule in the human heart at the same time. We watch with profound interest every endeavor — whether by visible or invisible agencies — to reform and elevate the race to which we belong. The sexual question which is now agitating the public mind, and causing society to reel and totter to its very center, is of vital importance. The fountain of physical life is corrupt— exceedingly foul and diseased! Can it be purified and made healthy ? If so, by what means ? The marriage relation is per- verted, and now chiefly used, as a cloak for licentiousness — legalized adultery. Where, and what the remedy ? Will it be found in casting off all restraint? These questions remain to be answered. But this truth we can fully comprehend, i. e. Man and woman, unaided by power from on high, cannot roll back the flood of sensuality, which threatens to deluge the whole land. Who can look upon the rising generation, and contemplate the destiny of unborn millions (unless a radical change in society be effected), without having their feelings stirred, and uttering deep cries of, 'Lord help and save.' We need a better, purer administration in civil government. The vanguards of the nation should be constituted of the best minds. As public opinion is one of the great kings, to whom the American people bow and do homage, the creators of public opinion should be men and women of sterling integrity and principle; who will raise a standard of morality and justice, in the councils of the nation. And they who, through love of pelf and vain ambition, are governed by political intrigue should be counted unworthy to bear rule. The religious progress of a nation greatly depends upon the status of the civil government of that nation; for the civil power is the basis upon which the religious must rest. How much the growth of virtue and true religion is retarded, by FASHION, the goddess that rules and binds the female portion of the population of to-day; unto whom they bow the knee, and give their time and strength. It is a great idol in the land, that needs to be broken, just as much as the brazen images, and gods of wood and stone, that Christian America sends her missionaries into foreign (so-called) heathen lands, to demolish. There are some noble exceptions, who feel the need of true reform; they have resolved to spend less time at the toilet, and give their strength and influence to stay the fearful increase of crime, and help (if permitted) to form just laws in defense of equal rights, for all lawabiding citizens, whether male or female. A stone of truth has been 'taken from the mountain without hands,' or visible agency, and is rapidly growing at the present time, i. e., Freedom for woman — her right to be and to act within the pale of God's laws, without constraint from man. That stone will continue to grow and increase, no mortal power can stay its course! Let woman arise and stand upon her feet, and shake herself from the dust of centuries that has gathered over her by the usages of society and false education, and come forth with new life, and engage in the conflict of truth against error, and work for humanity. Let her efforts be directed to uplift her erring, fallen sisters. Fervent prayer, dictated by pure love, will cause the heavens to bend! Angels will catch the sound of deep, heart-felt intercessions, and will joyfully lend their aid. When woman stretches forth her hand unto God, and earnestly pleads the cause of the poor and needy, will He not hear and answer? Woman, in the hands of a higher power, is destined to become an efficient worker in the cause of human progress. Let her be true and just — strong in virtue —repelling every wrong. Then will the creators and upholders of the armies and navies feel the loving, peaceful influence of woman, that will cause the war spirit to hide its hideous head. Bv the purity of her life, and a testimonial sword proceeding from her mouth, sensuality will be rebuked, intemperance will flee the 6 8HAKEE land; and the white-winged dove of peace will find a resting place on this beautiful earth! May Grod, through his working Angels, speed the day!