TRIBUNE EDITORIAL The Tribune is courteous and generous. It can also afford to be scrupulously j ust. Let us understand each other, and answer to a proposition, definitely, when we have stated it accurately. The Tribune says, '' 'We are compelled to say, that neither Owen nor Evans has said a word in arrest of the general judgment upon the mummery practiced at Philadelphia and at the home of the Eddys, in Vermont. Both of them seem to think the word of a Spirit is as good as that of any one else, if not better. Elder Evans expressly says, that the personal honesty or dishonesty of the medium has nothing to do with the faith to be given to his utterances.' This is a serious mistake. The point at issue, is the fact of mediumship of the man or woman, and the materialization of the Spirit — not the '' word,' or utterance, or character of either of them. Do the Spirits exist? Does the mediumship of the man or woman exist? And is the materialization fact — or fraud? This is what I do say. It will bear repeating — for very important interests are involved in the scientific solution of this problem. Upon it I have staked my reputation, as a practical man — a lover of my kind, whether they be in their first or second physical body. '' By Spiritualism, I would be understood, the acknowledged existence of the Spirit world — Human Immortality — the possibility of inter-communication between those in the body, and those out of the body, and nothing more. The morality or immorality of the mediums — the occurring facts, whether important or puerile — the truth or falsity of communications, have no more bearing upon simple Spiritualism as thus defined, than similar things have upon any other science—upon Chemistry or Farming. Science is an orderly arrangement of facts. Give us the facts. The use, or no use —the sense, or no sense, we will attend to hereafter.' And is it not 'in arrest of the general judgment of mummery ' of materialization, when I state, point blank, after an unprejudiced examination, I pronounce the materialization, that i witnessed, of some fifteen Spirits of men and women, to be as true and real — as genuine — as are any facts in Agriculture or Chemistry, that I have ever witnessed ? I fully realize the responsibility I assume, by this statement. I stand by that to the public, both of my own Order, and of the outside world. Are we not all disposed to strain at gnats, and swallow camels ? How the theologians, to whom the Bible is the word of God materialized, can disbelieve in the principle of Spiritual manifestation, is, to me, a logical enigma. When food, for a million of people — more or less — was, for forty years materialized — when Nadab and Abin, and seventy Elders, saw the God of Israel materialized— and did eat and drink. Ex. 24: 9. And when Jesus and his disciples materialized bread and fish, for thousands of men and women, to eat — just as I saw Honto materialize cloth in plain sight of twentyfive people — and finally when Jesus was transfigured, and Moses and Elias were materialized, so that James and John proposed to build tents for them to live in —I marvel, either at the gullibility, or the incredulity of Christians. After the soul of Jesus was out of his body, he either returned and reanimated it, for forty days: or he materialized a body that talked — saying, 'A spirit hath not flesh and bones, as ye see me have.' Why then should not the same Law be operative among so progressive a people as the readers of the New York Tribune?