CONTRIBUTION Dear Eldress Antoinette: Our little ' Monthly,' the ' Shaker and Shakeress,' is very dear to me. I always welcome it. Its pages are well filled; and I take useful lessons and derive much comfort and happiness therefrom. I would gladly contribute something to its columns, were I able to do so, and thus indicate practically my faith in, and love for, Community life and principle. When I feel my inability to present anything new, that would interest and instruct the readers, contributors and supporters of the clean little sheet, I am reminded of a certain person of olden time who cast two mites into the Lord's treasury, and was commended for so doing. It was not the amount given, but the motive which prompted the act, that attested the donor's sincerity — that elicited approval. I am not unmindful of the labors of those who strive to make the paper so good and useful ; and it would be a mark of selfishness, if I should remain silent and not give expression to feelings of gratitude for favors thus received. The beautiful sentiments so clearly expressed by the young sisters with whom I have often fraternized, and for whom I entertain a deep love, fill my spirit with joy. My sincerest desires are for their prosperity and growth in spiritual life and light. They give evidence that they are living for a higher purpose than merely self-pleasing, and earth's alluring charms, or to dwell in idleness, and slothfully spend their time, destitute of soul aspirations, and lofty aims. Seneca, a philosopher, said, ' We complain of the shortness of time, and yet have more than we know what to do with. Our lives are spent either in doing nothing at all, or doing nothing to the purpose — nothing which 14= A.ISTD we ought to do—complaining that our days are few, and acting as if they would never end.' Among the ancient Indians, there was a tribe called ' Gymnosophists.' They had great aversion to sloth and indolence. It is said of them, that when the table was spread for their repast, the assembled youths were asked by their chiefs how they had spent their time since the rising of the sun. Whether they had been engaged in some useful employment. If upon investigation it was found they had been idle— done nothing to deserve a dinner — they were rejected, while the others who had been industrious, enjoyed the fruits of their own labors. They seemed to entertain the same opinion that the Apostle Paul did, when he gave commandment, ' That if any would not work, neither should they eat.' It should not be our purpose to eat the bread of idleness, either in a temporal or spiritual point of view. They who feel the worth of immortal souls, will not cease to struggle in spirit, and pray earnestly to God that the convicting power of truth may be felt throughout the length and breadth of our land, that will cause souls to feel the necessity of living virtuous and godly lives. It has been said truly, ' virtue is the foundation of all honor, and the source of all beauty, order and happiness.' It enhances the value of all the natural endowments of the human mind, and to it every faculty should be subservient. The more eminent a person becomes, the more prominent will appear their deformities, if virtue be not the controlling influence and guiding star of their lives. Virtue will give dignity to character, and will ornament the soul, when we shall have put off the mortal. Beauty and wit may fade and die. Many things which we learn that are applicable to the earth-life, will pass from memory with their disuse. But virtue, innocence and love, will remain the soul's guardians and companions forever. Superior beings, in all worlds, are bound by virtue's strong cords, and one law governs the whole of God's universe. Those who are wise will search diligently to find the pearl of great price, and when found, will not hesitate to ' sell all to obtain it.' As the poet says : ' Go, thou in life's fair morning, go in the bloom of youth, And buy for thine adorning, the iprecious pearl of truth. Secure this heavenly treasure, and bind it on thy heart, And let no worldly pleasure, e'er cause it to depart. ' Go while the day star shineth, go, while the heart is light; Go, ere thy strength declineth, while every sense is bright, Sell all thou hast and buy it, 'tis worth all earthly things; Rubies, and gold, and diamonds, sceptres and crowns of kings. ' Go, ere the cloud of sorrow steal o'er the bloom of youth. Defer not till to-morrow, go now and buy the truth ; Go seek thy Great Creator, learn early to be wise, Go, place upon his altar, a morning sacrifice.' Phebe Van Houten, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.