Winouski, Vt., Oct. 25,1874 Respected Friend and Brother, F. W. Evans: I was truly gratified by your 10th October favor. You are so good as to send us the quotations from the Revised Statutes of New York, and I appreciate. I am constrained to say, your letter is a diamond — I shall ever so regard it—full of superb ideas. You are, in the fullest sense, liberal and tolerant. I would rejoice to see so noble and worthy a letter printed ; it would be a source of joy to many a weary and progressive heart, to comprehend its beauty. Your Shaker and Shakeress of November is at hand. Mrs. Shipman, a most excellent woman of great energy and enterprise, my son DeLion, my daughter Portia and I — all of us — count it a feast of fat things. For myself, I feel akin to you — I seem to gravitate to you, and to the celestial light I see all around you and yours. I am assured we are spiritually drawn together. I want to find men and women with great hearts ; I want to attain to the highest good, no matter at what sacrifice ; I want a revolution from the wrecks all around us, and would hail with delight the coming of the Reconstructing Angel of Truth. By the blessing of the angel world, may we be won to you, you to us. ' Legal Marriage' is enforced maternity — sexual slavery. Free Lust is a covenant with Hell! — an agreement with Death. Free Love, by the aid of Science, Culture and Refinement, leads to Purity, to Self-denial, Self-abnegation. And this is a Law of Right. Spirit life tells us, you, as a people, are nearer to us than any of our race. So, for the good of humanity, let us form an alliance. Is it not the biggest thing to lead blessed men and women up to a higher plane of life ? Let me hold a place in your heart. Ever yours, Owen Shipman. Evening. — Several of our members, previous to receiving your good letter, anxious to go over to Valcour, being impatient to organize, went on to Plattsburg, and effected an organization. I will try to send you printed copy soon, with circular No. 2. Accept the assurance of my heart, overflowing with gratitude for your generous and brotherly offer of books ; please do not send just now. Will rejoice to avail ourselves of your goodness in time to come. We have several noble brothers and sisters, more spiritually progressive than others — for some lack these attainments. They, with me, desire to live on the self-denying, intellectual plane ; so we have joy in loving our celibate brothers and sisters, and we are not aliens, nor antagonists to you. We want order, science, harmony and energy, with economy ; also, your efficiency to revolutionize chaotic elements. The rock on which we are most likely to split, is Treachery and Anarchy. Now, if we wreck, I invite the noblest and best of you to come to our rescue. Owen Shipman