CAUSE AND EFFECT Op all the ' many inventions mankind have sought out,' none seem so little fraught with good to him, spiritually, as those which offer him immunity from the effects of sin. Why ? Because, the one thought now is to avoid the penalty, not considering that the cause is the wrong to be avoided, and that the penalty is nothing more nor less than the consequence which must follow certain causes. Cause and effect are inseparable, and must succeed each other, as certainly as the ebbing and flowing of tide, or the oscillations of the pendulum. ' The soul that sinneth (against the laws of its being) shall die,' was fulfilled, though the mortal body might not then have perished. Its spiritual perceptions and life were so paralyzed that the true and higher life was sacrificed for the time, and has thus continued, until one came with power enough over the body to fulfill the law of obedience, put it in subjection to the spirit, and show how it could be done. The Adamic Parents waited not until the time when they could generate rightly. The result was a murderer, instead of a being on as high a plane as themselves. Though becoming as gods, through the creative function, they sunk from the innocent and guileless, till now, the fig-leaf covering has become the most engrossing thought, instead of the cause that produced its necessity. The primeval innocence is gone, and nothing can restore it but the avoidance of what has so long destroyed it, and filled earth with wantonness. Let us draw a figure as did the Master, to illustrate from common life. In your house you have an ice closet which was constructed to run its waste water into a vessel beneath it. But lately it leaks and the pan does not receive it, and your floor is wet and you are annoyed. ' That can be remedied says one, have a platform made as large as can be put under, with a border around it, and run the water from that.' Well, you try it and it keeps most of the water from the floor. But suppose you could look into the refrigerator and see the floor beneath that zinc, soaked and decaying, the charcoal saturated with water, and the under floor almost ready to drop out. Would you think your refrigerator was saved ? Would you not say, What a fool I was to doctor effects instead of searching for the cause ? All I needed was something to reach the cause. A little skill and solder, and sense, seasonably and suitably served, would have sufficed. But in this tabernacle of the body, we ignore the laws of its construction, and into its fine delicate membranes we crowd any thing we happen to, without regard to its needs or capabilities, and then feel surprised if it cannot keep doing, and the machinery all run smoothly while the vital forces are wearing out, prematurely, in an outlay which is at the same time defrauding the mind and soul of their life and inspiration. Or perhaps, we dress so tightly that the thin delicate texture of the lung cells cannot resist the pressure, and they consequently are not inflated and thus lose their life element and become diseased locally. Then, by not performing their functional work the white blood or chyle, fails to become charged with the oxygen it should receive through the lungs to change it into the healthy vitalizing fluid, and the individual becomes pale and wasted, or burnt up with the fever nature intensifies to assert once more her healthy poise of function. We will speak of another fruitful cause of mischief, for whatever interferes with health of body, has its reflex on the spirit and causes unhappiness and waste. We perhaps bring the delicate valves of the skin almost in contact with the chill or frosty earth, and thus close up the gates nature has provided for the ejection of a large amount of exhausted and impure matter, and then call it disease, when nature opens one of her more apparent relief gates to preserve the life. We have made life so full of inventions, so artificial and complicated with fashion, parade and sham, that there is one continual strain on body and nerve. Although any quantity of labor-saving machines have been tried, yet the ornaments and complications increase in greater ratio and there is no time left for rest of spirit, or for introspection. Many a tired and harassed house-keeper must look longingly forward to the rest of the grave. So far removed are mankind, from simplicity that the greatest boon now is, a resort to the wilderness, the mountains, or the ocean; where man's inventive genius has not yet robbed them of the simple grandeur and charm of nature's works. There they find healing and invigoration. Though all animal, and plant life seeks the light and sunshine, except in its highest meridian, still humanity, with similar internal organs and mechanism, shut themselves up in dark and dingy rooms, and bar out each ray of sunshine that would force itself in, lest carpets be faded, or flies flourish, for even they cannot live in the dark, except in a dormant condition. We exclude life and health conditions, and wonder that we ache, and groan, and die palsied, wonder that life is deteriorating ; wonder that the daughters are not equal to the mothers. Verily the Fathers builded better than they knew, when they thoroughly cleared the land of trees when preparing a location. And the utility of blinds must certainly be questioned, if the glorious Autumnal Sun or blessed warmth of his Winter shining must be excluded, ' He maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good,' and none are so far removed from the Father's loving providence, that this is not their right. Truly said the wise Teacher. ' The light is sweet and a pleasant thing it is for the eyes to behold the Sun.' 'The people that walked in darkness have seen a great light.' Why spoken of so exultingly, if light is not blessing, and darkness and anguish almost synonymous curses ? Or, why the promise ? ' Moreover the light of the moon, shall be as the light of the sun, and the light of the sun, seven fold, in the day when my people are healed of their wounds and bruises. ' Or, why say of those who oppress the helpless that ' their sun shall go down at noon, and the earth be darkened in a clear day '? As light, and the opening of the interiors, are in correspondence spiritually, so are sunlight and health in the natural. But one more figure. There stands a house. It is not old and is nicely painted, but there is some defect, or sickness on one of its sides. ' Oh, well,' you say, ' it is made of poor material.' But are you sure that is the trouble ? Away upon the roof there is a hole where there should be a shingle. Not near the defect, it is true,but in range with it, and much of the leakage has obeyed the laws of hydrostatics and quietly glided down on the rafters, and has found an outlet through the finish which once made the building a thing of beauty. And that is only an effect which it is proper and right to expect of such a cause. Can you blame nature, or aught but your own neglect, if the building should crumble ? You would have too good an understanding of cause and effect to say that the builder, or his work was the cause of the mischief. You can only say the aperture in the roof should have been attended to. But of the wonderful house which the spirit occupies, the entrances are guarded by sentinels, who are free agents, enlightened by reason and instruction, and though they say, Withhold ! and try to stop the door, inclination and carnal security say, ' Leave it open! If a leak start I can mend it. There is pain killer, just the thing.' Or if the mechanism gets over-worked and under-fed with the bracing air, or sunlight, use a little liniment, or start it up with a dose of something which is so repulsive that it is in labor till it expels it. And that you call cure. How long can the mortal tenement endure such treatment? Strange that a Harp of thousand strings should keep in tune so long. But we started with the sickness of sin ; and now ask, if the same principles, of common sense we would apply to other things, are not in order here ? Shall we keep on sinning, because Christ died for sinners? or because sin 8HAKEE can be confessed ? Does that stop the sin and its consequences which are, physical and spiritual deterioration, any more than the platform saved the refrigerator ? ' Mankind were created upright,' manly and nobly as lords of lesser creations ; but, ' they have sought out many inventions,'— depraved and perverted habits, have named, and classified the effects, and called them inherited evils and disease; whereas, if we viewed them as consequences of our own, perhaps, ignorant transgression, and sought their antidote in avoidance of producing causes, would we not be more consistent ? Can we wonder that Jesus said, ' Except a man deny himself and take up his cross daily he cannot be my disciple ' ? Not only subdue the passions but the appetites. The leakage which is ruining manhood, is unbridled appetite; and the deceptive invention, that there is a way to avoid its consequences, and thus divorce cause and effect. E. H. Webster, Harvard, Mass.