GOSPEL TRAVAIL Many practical experiences of others have I read and heard related with evident advantage and benefit to myself. Some were encouragements to perseverance in righteousness, and some were solemn warnings to ' avoid the very appearance of evil.' Now, after a long term of years in the holy discipline of virtue, I quite frequently retrospect the ground over which I have gone, and try to discover the principles, practices and habits, which have proved elements of success in reaching the goal for which I started. In hours of serene meditation in the solemn afternoon of life, one grand principle comes to my memory, which was early in active operation in my mind, and from which I have scarcely swerved a single time in half a century, i. e., never to allow any discount on an honest fulfillment of obligations imposed by conscience, whether suggested by my own mind or furnished by the rules of piety, order and Christian decorum, adopted by Believers as means of safety, protection, and salutary discipline in righteousness. I have known persons to fall away from a very fruitful travail in virtue and piety, in so gradual a manner, that the several steps in the process were scarcely distinguishable by others, and, apparently, not at all by themselves. The little foxes were eating away at the tendrils of the vines and insidiously severing them more and more from the great and noble tree round which they had so long clung for shelter and support. I have dreaded an indefinite, lukewarm condition of conscience more than any dangers to which a Christian pilgrim is exposed. I will illustrate a little. About thirty years ago, it was required of us young converts to avoid placing our feet upon the rounds of the chairs when sitting therein, and thereby save the paint on them. Some older and better men than myself would ignore and trample upon this little regulation, yet I never dared to do so. And why ? Not because I thought there was any great degree of moral turpitude in the act itself, but because I felt that a departure from any rule I had once adopted would inevitably be a starting-point of incipient backsliding, and where it would end who could divine ? I was taught to pick up pins, and strings, and bits of iron, and save them ; and to this very day I dare not relax my zeal, even in this small matter, for fear my conscience might be demoralized, and my living impressions of practical righteousness in matters of weightier concern might begin to wane. So of keeping the Sabbath. I saw to my surprise some who would not scruple to depart from the holy service and sacred usages of the Sabbath as established by Believers. I never could afford to do it, not even so much as to walk or ride out for mere recreation, although I felt no hesitation in milking the cows, or caring for the horses, or performing any other necessary duty. I could see plainly that a little relaxing here would soon fritter away my earnest feelings and spiritual inspirations ; I should lose the blessings of the day and institution, appropriated to religious meditation. In all matters pertaining to life, the pabulum of my mental and spiritual being consisted of that which the best and highest and most earnest efforts on my part could procure from the sweetest, purest sources at my command. I could not afford to lower the standard of sincerity in my conscience. Will any one say it is superstition not to walk over a pin, a string, or bit of iron, without picking it up and saving it? Not at all. It gives strength and tone to the moral nature more than a bitter discussion of theology a hundred years long. Hear this pretty story: Mother Lucy once visited a family of Believers who had just harvested their bean crop. She noticed that they had not taken them carefully from the vines but had left too many to waste, and she directed a brother to pick them over again. The brother went as directed and saved quite a quantity. But this was not all, nor the best. While he was gathering the beans, he was entirely overpowered by the goodness of God and the presence of angels, and cried for very joy the whole time. That day would remain a green spot in his memory forever. From this we may learn that what, to an undisciplined worldly spirit, is trifling or superstitious, may be the essence of high and holy inspiration. I have written this, not for the benefit of Believers of long experience. Such have already patiently traveled quite through this low ground ' To reign with the bridegroom and bride.' But unto the inexperienced in Zion, this is inscribed in all kindness and humility, and my kind regards and affectionate love-greeting go with it. O. C. Hampton, Union Village, 0.