MOTHERLAND Daughters of the nation listen ! Liberty to you appeals! Tearful eyes around you glisten, While she supplicating kneels. To their homes your fathers brought her Through the flood and fire of war; Through the thunderstorm and slaughter Boiled her fair triumphal car. And they said, 'All men are equal, With inalienable rights;' Little dreaming of the sequel, That has filled the land with blights. For a while their sons defended That great heritage with power ; Sought the good that was intended, For the country's lasting dower. But the demon, slavery, flourished ; Half approved and half ignored ; At her founts his life was nourish'd, Till he grew to be her lord. Boldly took not heavy duty On such articles as tea; His, not taxes, but rich booty; Even pearls of liberty. Then a lofty manhood' crumbled, Like a soulless mass of clay; For its spirit had been humbled, And its honor swept away. Droop'd the flag, the stars were broken As by clouds of inky hue ! And the stripes disclosed in token, Blood and tears that bondage drew. When, at length, its folds were lifted, By the soldier's dying breath, Was the nation's harvest sifted, From the bitter seeds of death ? Do not intrigue, sloth and plunder Still destroy her ripening grain, While the world is struck with wonder At her turmoil, loss and pain? Is there yet no hope for nations ? Must all constitutions fail, And the heart's uplifted patience, Sink and let despair prevail ? Safe between two veiling oceans, God had kept a land to show, When the Church and State commotions, Blacken'd earth with crushing woe. When the hells that priests created Lit the inquisition's flame, And the flesh was satiated In the Holy Spirit's name. From Republican Genoa To the tortured Spanish land, Came a man, impress'd like Noah, With the rescue God had plan'd. Europe had no aid to furnish ; Tyrants heard no pleading tone ; They had thrones and arms to burnish, Schemes for prowess, all their own. But a woman heard the story Of a land beyond the sea ; And bright visions of its glory, Gifted were her eyes to see. She the jewel treasure offer'd, That adorned her as a queen ; And the gems thus freely proffer'd Bridged the waves to shores unseen, Where shall be a declaration, That will make all women free ! Where our eyes shall see a nation, That is fit for liberty I Where the rights, divine and human, Shall forever be secure, In the land first bought by women, And by her made good and pure. For a government parental Soon will bring true order forth : Place whate'er is accidental, Build 'new heaven and new earth.' Heavy is the task before us; But it takes no winding course, Cloudless light is shining o'er us, In this day of vital force. Cecelia Devyr, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Blest is the sacred tie that binds In sweet communion kindred minds, Whose hopes, and hearts, and aims are one, To live for truth and that alone. Thus sharing union, comfort, care, With Christian zeal unite in prayer, That perfect love and peace may reign, Throughout the whole of Zion's plain. We all must of this love partake To comprehend how Christ can make Our earthly home a type of heaven, Where death is banished, life is given. Here we behold the Gospel light Which shineth from the mountain's height, Where truth and justice bear the sway, And every sin is cast away. Maria Witham, Enfield, Conn.