Mount Kisco, N. Y., Dec. 19,1874 Frederick Evans: Yours, of the 12th, came to hand. You say you are willing I should come and prove rayself by your Order. I am aware I could not unite myself to your Order, with any degree of satisfaction, to myself or others, without an experience, essentially different from the outside world. I see the beauty and desirableness of the community system, wherein none act on selfish principles. All laboring for, and loving their neighbor as themselves. This, to my perception, is the Incarnation of Heaven upon Earth. I was delighted with my visit among you. It made an impression upon my mind, never to be effaced. How pleasant to recognize the Elders among you, as Fathers, with their long, varied and valuable experience. The younger men, as Brothers or Sons. The elder women, as Mothers — the younger as Sisters — a relation purely spiritual, noble, pure, holy and exalted — where the constant endeavor is to do the will of God, as is done by angels in Heaven — where intemperance, in eating, as well as in drinking, is carefully avoided. Where disease — the effect of law's infraction—is banished. Where sin, in its multiform manifestations, desolating humanity, in the outer world, is studiously left behind. Where the so called benefactors of the world, including lawyers, doctors and clergy, have a privilege to earn their bread by honest industry. Well may your worthy correspondent, A. B. B., regard your Institution as a ' Beacon Light, hung up in these western heavens, to teach mankind what sublime achievements humanity can attain, for a religious principle.' The fact, that your Institution has, for so many years, stood the strain of the surging, tumultuous waves, of an adulterous generation, is, to my mind, conclusive proof that the Institution is founded on the Bock — that It has a great mission to perform — and that God, in his own good time, will show how powerful are these silent influences, for the liberation of the anxious throng, who are now praying to be delivered from the thrall of the debris of a shipwrecked generation, with groanings unutterable. I am looking for light and direction. I have been pointed to Mount Lebanon, by an influence, which I am sure is from above. But I have been in doubt whether the friends could bear with my infirmities. I have, as I told you, been troubled with periodical turns of what doctors call neuralgia in. the head, which; I am satisfied comes from a disordered stomach, the result of improper food, improperly cooked. I would like to live on grain and vegetables. I expect you could prescribe a system of hygiene, which, if carefully carried out, might, in time, relieve me of the difficulty. People, in general, you are aware, live on pork, beef, hot buckwheat cakes, cooked in grease, pickles, mince-pies, tea, coffee, rich cakes, fine flour and the like, bolted down without mastication. Then follow patent medicines—doctors, with blue pills, quinine, mercury, etc. — then the undertaker. Have you any employment in which I could make myself useful ? I would come as a learner, divested of disagreeableness, bigotry, over self-esteem — all bad qualities which would shut me out from that kingdom, which is righteousness and peace, joy, in angelic purity. I desire an eye single to the glory of God, that I may dwell in the light of eternal day — to know and do the will of God, in all things, at any and all costs. Please write me soon. Yours Truly, Gilbert Hubbell