INFLUENCE OF KINDNESS I have been led to observe how, in a thousand instances, little services and kind words rendered in time of need, which indeed should never be withheld, drew from observers expressions of praise, and they always leave a bright mark on the characters of those upon whom they fall. As we pass the rounds of daily life in all its various employments, how characteristically do the motive powers of each one portray themselves, whether meritorious or otherwise; and we, whom providence, or destiny has placed together, how important it is thai we scan the motives which lead to actions Thus it is that we really learn to know ourselves, and the bearing with which we impress others toward us. We see those whose talent and philanthropic nature raise them above the common level of mankind. Such are destined ;o become glorious workers in the vineyard of ''hrist; and their works of love and benevolence find no broader field for efficient exercise than in our own localities. And we observe that the benevolent, those who are always kind and pleasant, cheerful and hopeful, radiate light; they are as bright stars shining with effulgence wherever they go, causing clouds to disappear, as mists are overpowered by the bright rays of the sun. But always to keep and command this beautiful harmonious condition of mind, requires vigilance and self-sacrifice in many ways, which only add greater lustre and help to form a beautiful character. There are many who have the germs of noble men and women at their birth; but who for the lack of self discipline, a little exercise on those points, never really attain to that place in the scale of being that they otherwise would. There are many opportunities wherein we may show a kind heart, by speaking pleasant words, which drop as dew on thirsty plants. Had we the power to see the soothing effects they produced on sorrowful hearts, perhaps already bruised and sore, almost beyond endurance, we would make it a constant study to select careful and prudent language, that we may not, in any unguarded moment, let pass from our lips words which would drop as lead in the already depressed spirit of our brother or our sister. Are there any who have not in some period of their lives felt themselves so bereft of true friendship — the affections that sweeten life's bitter woes — and also the crush of disappointed hopes, that have so far blasted the past and darkened the future, that courage had almost failed ? Then how sweet is sympathy, a kind word or a favor, if even coming from a child; a heart, thus humiliated, is able to appreciate kindness ; and we should never forget that all need kind words and sympathy, when under trial, no matter from what cause ; we are all the better for having rendered, and for having received them. Our greatest enjoyments are in our own beloved homes. Our nearest associates are those with whom we mingle daily— the inmates of our own household. And living so nearly connected as we do, we have need to bring into requisition those little civilities which tend so much to refinement, and produce harmonious condition. Susanna M. Brady, Union Village, 0.