SHAKERESS: MANY MANSIONS A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS If a photographic view of a village, or of a commodious building, should be taken at the same time from different standpoints,would not every view thus taken be dissimilar ? Would it be just, or wise, to assert that all the others, except the one taken from our standpoint, were false and unreal ? All would agree that such village or building did actually exist. Then, would it not better accord with reason, and show more of the love of truth, to seek to know of what material the building is composed — whether its foundations are laid deep and strong, and if it be really capable of sheltering and protecting those who seek refuge from storms and tempests that may arise without 1 While thus testing its strength, and seeking to find out whether any of its parts can be shaken by the increasing winds of truth, that there may be a timely removal of the error, we would say, as did the apostle, 'Let brotherly and sisterly love continue, and let patience have her perfect work.' Theology is viewed differently by persons occupying diverse positions, rendering discussion and investigation necessary and profitable, if conducted with a view to elicit truth instead of producing controversy. Eeligion is the vital element of the soul — its life. Theology is the outward form, to embody and clothe the real spiritual part. When the body is moved by the vitalizing principle within, then all will be harmonious. Science and religion will thus act in concert and a desire to get at the true — will be the ruling motive, while all differences of opinions, honestly expressed, will be treated with kindness and respect. Neither bigotry, conservatism, nor pride of opinion, should ever block the wheels of progress, nor draw the curtains of superstition over the windows of the soul, to shut out the increasing light of truth. ' In my Father's house are many mansions,' said Jesus. When were those mansions built, and for what purpose ? Were they all constructed at one time ? If the soul's destiny is fully determined at the expiration of mortal existence, and all go direct to heaven or hell, why so many mansions ? Shall we presuppose an aristocracy there — a Plymouth and Trinity Church for the high, and other churches for the colored people and the lowly, bearing distinctive marks of caste ? Or, shall we understand that those mansions to which Jesus referred, were built in different ages and cycles, and were shaped according to the degrees of knowledge and progress of the people at the time? Their conceptions of God, the primordial cause of all causes, may have been vague and limited; yet they used the best material that they could command, and the mansions which they built were adapted to the conditions of the people, and were accepted, as forming a part of the Father's house. There have been many builders all down through the ages, who have worked according to the pattern given to them. Moses was shown a pattern in Mount Sinai, and was instructed to build a tabernacle that would serve the needs of the people at that time. However symbolical it may have been of the tabernacle to which the ringer of prophecy pointed, that would eventually be built in such perfect consonance with truth, and so strongly fortified therewith, that ' not one stake would ever be removed, neither any of the cords thereof be broken,' it was evidently not the one design for all succeeding builders. Solomon and Ezra were commanded to build ; they had their patterns ; those were also included as belonging to the Father's house. Jesus laid the foundation of a new structure, and left his followers to build upon it. It was not his mission to destroy the law ; neither to condemn the doers of the law ; but to show a more perfect way, reveal a higher law. He called those who were prepared to leave the old covenant of types and shadows, which had served a good purpose and done its work, to enter into a new covenant, which was more spiritual. The unprogressed Jews persecuted those who accepted the new covenant, and, like unconverted Saul, ' verily thought they were doing God service.' The spirit of controversy, and bitter railing, have never been productive of good fruits, in any age of the world's history. Tens of thousands have honestly entertained opinions at one time, that they have as honestly changed for other opinions, at another time. From a variety of standpoints and degrees of altitude, we catch different views; but ' Charity suffereth long, and is kind. Charity envieth not.' Had there never been any aggressive movers — iconoclasts in the world — where would have been the progress of the race? We are naturally all idolators, have our gods to worship, either of wood and stone, the low forms of animal life; or through tradition and blind zeal we make gods of human beings and worship them. Whatever or whoever they may be, they are sacred to us ; and if any one takes the axe of truth to break those idols in pieces, it ia hard to convince us that they have been sent of God to do it. No living, inspirational soul, will be heard to say that we have already attained unto the highest degree of truth that is for the race. The keys of revelation, through some human agency, will yet unlock doors that have hitherto been closed. New sacrifices will be required, and new glories will open to our spiritual vision. Whoever are called to this work, should look well before they strike, lest ' they hurt the oil and the wine,' and mar the seal which God has placed in the foreheads of his servants.