A HAPPY NEW YEAR Beloved Youth in Zion: The first day of the year should be regarded, by you, as a marked day in the history of your lives ; for it is the starting point of a new era in life's journey. The new date of the year, like the number on the milestone, will remind you that a defined portion of your earthly journey is finished, and that you are entering upon a new and untried portion. In wishing you a Happy New Year, I would impress on your minds the important truth, that in the stern battle for eternal Life, if you would win, you must work. You must commence the year with self-denial and self-discipline, if you would end it with spiritual prosperity. Be not afraid to form new resolutions, at the beginning of each year, such as will restrain from vicious habits and tendencies ; now is the time to discard evil practices, and commence the cultivation of good ones. Be careful that the thousand poisonous weeds of vice do not choke the lovely expanding blossoms of virtue. Open a new account with conscience, and heed its timely admonitions, that you may not have, at the year's end, a heavy debt and nought but remorse to pay it. You are not living wisely, nor well, unless you make each coming year better than the past one — better for yourself and for others. A good life keeps the conscience clear, and a clear conscience makes its possessor happy. The youth who lives a good life — and why should any live a bad one? —strictly obeys God's requirements, as they are made known through His appointed leaders. Truth is the glory of youth, and is essential to their happiness in this world and also in the next; therefore make truth your motto, for ' Truth alone will stand.' ' Lord, who shall abide in Thy tabernacle? He that speaketh truth in his heart.' Youthful readers of the S. and S.: besetting sins of every name and nature should be at once uprooted and destroyed, never to grow again. If all who read this will make the effort, earnestly and hopefully, they will be able to say — This is indeed a Happy New Year. Daniel Orcutt, Enfield, Ct.