Alfred, Me., Sept. 22,1874 Beloved Elder Frederick : But for circumstances beyond my control, I would sooner have responded to your friendly greeting. Your fatherly commendation of our efforts in Lynn, cheered me not a little. The encouraging truths, in your letter, strengthen me anew for further effort. The Comforter, Jesus promised, was the Spirit of Truth. While it acts as comforter, to those ready to receive it, it will cause all to mourn, who rely upon other power for safety, or protection. How many high wrought schemes have come to naught through its power ! How many Idols have fallen from their high position, like Dagon before the Ark ! From Aaron's Calf to the Pet Idol of to-day, men have been ready to worship their own creations of hand, or brain. Philistines are not sole mourners for the destruction of their Gods. May we be so self-disciplined, that we can say, and speak advisedly — Let Truth Prevail, tho' every man be a liar — or mistaken in some things. While able to see some things, to-day, hid from our view yesterday, let the thought of to-morrow's light enable us to receive the knowledge of to-day with humility. Evidence, rapidly accumulates, of work, going on in the minds of men and women, causing the scales to fall from their eyes. They are no longer willing, even at the bidding of a hireling Priesthood, to bow the knee to a God, who could predestine the majority of his creatures to endless misery, and demand the ignominious death of his only begotten Sosr, to appease his wrath against the remainder. That so many are unwilling to see through the eyes of others, or put on the spectacles of past opinions — that some, at least, have the moral courage to use the reason God has given them — fills my soul with rejoicing. I feel with you, that the beginning of the end has come — the old dam of superstition must give way before the accumulating waters of Truth. Among the many Instruments God has employed to inaugurate this great work, I recognize those Radical Materialists, to whom you refer, and of whom you were one. They were inspired by a class of Spirits, who — however blind to many truths, since opened to you — saw with clearness, the false foundation on which the Dam was builded, and the deformity of the Idols, worshipped by the world ycleped Christian. You and your compeers were ready instruments in the hands of those spirits. They so filled you with the tear down idea, that it remains with you today, in its pristine vigor — tempered, no doubt, with the wisdom of greater knowledge and broader experience. While influenced by this Spirit, to strip, from this mythical Jesus, the- robes with which Priests have clothed their Idol; is it not possible, you would, sometimes, take away what, of right, belongs to the real Jesus ? Heartily agreeing with you in your first, second, third and fourth positions — when I read in your fifth, that Jesus, like all good Jews, believed in physical resurrection, and headed a general movement in the spirit world, to effect it — that he believed in war, expecting spirit assistance to overthrow the powers that were, and make him King —I am constrained to say — Not yet do I so read history. That the Apostles, for a time at least, did believe in a physical resurrection, I agree with you. Their so believing has been a stumblingblock in the way of educating the masses, that the Christ Resurrection is spiritual. Events of to-day, to some extent, obviate the difficulty. From the Apostolic record, I fail to discover that Jesus so believed. His raising Lazarus is no more to the point than Elijah's or Elisha's doing a similar thing. When he said to Martha, I am the resurrection and the life — lie that believeth in me, tho' he were dead, yet shall he live — he referred to quite a different death from that of Lazarus, or the Ruler's daughter. That Jesus came back into his old body, and other Saints did so too, the Apostles, no doubt, believed at the time. We can excuse people, of even a hundred years ago, for thinking it the only sensible construction of the story. But now we have evidence in our very midst, both in England and America, that Spirits can, under certain conditions, clothe themselves with material form, which can be seen, talked with and handled, as really as was Jesus, or any of the old saints. Is it not more in keeping with the Spirit of the age to conclude, that no Spirit can come back into its body, after animal life had entirely left it—that Lazarus, as well as others, was in that condition which might have ultimated in death, but was no more really dead, at the time, than many others, in these days of hasty funerals ? As to Jesus and the swords, let Materialists read Mathew's report of the sermon on the Mount, and then tell, under what conditions, a man, believing those divine principles, could take, or believe in the swords. That his zeal for God's house, may, for the moment, have led him away from these divine truths, when he drove out the money changers, I will not attempt to deny. But, that he ordered the purchase of swords with the idea of thereby saving his life, or becoming King, is not, to my mind, consistent with the record. That he may have been so tempted, during his forty days in the wilderness, is quite probable. That he resisted, thus setting us an example which the Apostle plainly declares. At the time swords were spoken of, he evidently expected death, and could not, consistently, have anticipated deliverance by men, or Angels. His rebuke of the disciple who, 8HAKEE A.ND with the sword essayed to protect him, was consistent with his teachings at all times, and plausibly explains his wishing them to have a sword, at the time, that he might give his dying testimony against it. So, too, when disciples would that he make use of the higher form of war, by calling down fire from Heaven, to consume his enemies, even as did Elias -— he rebuked them as emphatically, as could even Elder Frederick, that they knew not what manner of spirit they were of. Thus, Beloved Elder Frederick, I dissent from your conclusions, not because I believe. Jesiis was a God, and therefore could not err, but because I believe him to be a Godly man, entitled to the full benefit of his recorded words and acts. Differing from your conclusions, while pateruing your freedom of opinion, is prima facie evidence that I believe every one should form his and her own opinion, according to his and her own best judgment. Be assured, Beloved Elder, I love and revere your earnest, fearless spirit, in opposing all error, wherever found. May I imitate your example, by accepting the increasing light each day brings. In Gospel Love, I am your Brother, John B. Vance