THE TRIBUNE AND SHAKERS The Tribune was established, originally, in the interests of the common people, like the Roman Tribune — a magistrate chosen by the people, to protect the people from oppression by patricians or nobles — to defend their liberties against any infraction by Senate and Consuls. Is not our modern Tribune a little too patrician in its tendencies on the subject of spiritualism ? No sooner are its patrons, and even its founder landed on immortal shores of the spirit world, than all interest in their welfare is at an end. I have sometimes thought, perhaps hastily, that the Tribune was an organ to defend the people of the United States, who are in the body, against all attempts of the people of the United States, and any other States, who are out of the body, from establishing a scientific communication and friendly intercourse through which they might seek to destroy that which destroys—war, poverty, sexual incontinence, solid and fluid intemperance, together with the abnormal desires of mind and body, that engender diseases, which are excuses for medication and drug doctoring. When the Fox girls were first in New York as mediums, I had a tilt with my friend Horace, in which he accused me of ' having an axe to grind ' — Spiritualism favored Shakerism. I replied, ' Henceforth, Spiritualism is an Institution of America.' Am I not justified by subsequent facts ? KATIE KING. ' We have received, recently, divers letters of inquiry, principally from the inland and agricultural portions of the country, referring to what the anxious writers are courteous enough to call the ' recent spiritual manifestations.' We must refer all such seekers after truth to those of our cotemporaries who have established connection with out-lying ghostly quarters: The Tribune only undertakes to deliver news from tracts accessible to railway trains, telegraphs, or at least, not to put too coarse a point on it, balloons.' As an order of people, we, the Shakers, do have established connections ' with the outlying ghostly world ' — business connections too. Among this people, Spiritualism, which is showing so much power — see Rev. 18 — originated. From here, Spiritualism went forth to humanity outside of this order. Do you ask what good it has done? It claims to have released the thirty millions of Serfs, of the Russian Empire. If true, is not that glory enough ? A friend from Albany, who went with the Palestine company, of seventy Americans, was present at a dinner given by the Emperor and Empress, at which the Empress, speaking of Home — the American Medium — states that it was by direction of Spirits, through Home, that the Emperor issued the Ukase, freeing the Serfs, and to this the Emperor assented. That Slavery in America was destroyed by Spirit agency, I have never doubted. ' John Brown's soul went marching on,' as really as did the army, and he went not alone. Stanton was a confirmed Spiritualist, and his statements, to us, that Lincoln was equally so, were most explicit. Will the Tribune, as the friend of the common people, of the two conjoined worlds, let these important facts go forth to humanity ? In the editorial ' Katie King,' there is a ' break in the wall.' The satire is designed to make a clean separation between the real and the fictitious — the honest and dishonest. It is keen enough for the purpose ; but do you not close the door, to the inner world, a little too tight ? Why not leave the gates, at least, ajar? When you put it on this wise : ' This materialization must be either spirits, assuming visible shape, or a skillful trick of clever knaves—there is no half way ground,' I like it. That is just the truth of the case. Just stick to that point, and we will get out of the fog. We can solve this problem, as we would solve any other scientific problem. I was the first person, so far as I know, who defined spiritualism as a science, not a religion ; placing it with agriculture, astronomy, geology and chemistry, to be dealt with accordingly. By spiritualism, 1 would be understood the acknowledged existence of the spirit world—Human Immortality—the possibility of intercommunication between those in and those out of the body, and nothing more. The morality or immorality of the mediums—the occurring facts, whether important or puerile —the truth or falsity of communications, have no more bearing upon simple spiritualism, than similar things have upon electricity and electricians, or upon farming. Science is an orderly arrangement of facts. Give us the facts. The use or no use, the sense or no sense, we will attend to hereafter. In an editorial of even date in the Scientific American, are the following tremendous utterances. They may correspond with your ' Innocent Earthquake : ' 'HOW TO INVESTIGATE SPIRITUALISM. ' There has been lately an extraordinary revival of spiritualism, and it again challenges the general attention. Nearly all the newspapers, and some of the most respected of the literary magazines, without reservation or protest, lend their columns to its advocates. ' This revival of spiritualism is probably due to the new phase which the spiritual manifestations have taken on : Materialization, in place of raps, tips, trumpet blowing, tying, levitations, ponderations, etc., performed by or through the medium, we now have the spirits appearing in propria persona, with bodies apparently of flesh and blood, and nicely dressed in such clothes as they wore when they dwelt in the mortal coil. 'Now these things seem to justify us in recurring to the subject of spiritualism, and in improving the opportunity to point out some things which Science has to do with it. And to make the matter short, we will limit our remarks to the alleged physical phenomena, the movements or changes of matter. We leave out of view, of course, the religious aspects of spiritualism; and for its bearings on psychology and physiology, we refer to what Faraday, Carpenter, Tyndall and others have written. 'In the first place, then, we can find no F. W. EVANS, Editor. 1O words wherewith adequately to express our sense of the magnitude of its importance to Science if it be true. Such words as profound, vast, stupendous, would need to be strengthened a thousand fold to be fitted for such a use. If true, it will become the one grand event of the world's history ; it will give an imperishable lustre of glory to the nineteenth century. Its discoverer will have no rival in renown, and his or her name will be written high above any other. For spiritualism involves a stultification of what are considered the most certain and fundamental conclusions of Science. It denies the conservation of matter and force; it demands a reconstruction of our chemistry and physics, and even our mathematics. It professes to create matter and force apparently out of nothing, and to annihilate them when created. If the pretensions of spiritualism have a rational foundation, no more important work has been offered to men of Science than their verification. A realization of the dreams of the elixir vitoz, the philosopher's stone, and the perpetual motion, is of less importance to mankind than the verification of spiritualism.' Having, for the last forty years, studied this science of Spiritualism—by it Iwas converted to Shakerism—with our own mediums, who have no motive, either of poverty or vanity, to practice fraud, I visited the Eddys, who knew not of my coming, determined to know of the facts there existing — I went, as to one of Tyndall's experimental lectures. After an unprejudiced examination, I pronounce the materialization that I witnessed, of some fifteen spirits, of men and women, to be as true and real — as genuine — as are any facts in agriculture or chemistry that I have ever witnessed. I fully realize the responsibility I assume by this statement. I do it as a duty to my fellows, who may not have the opportunities, I have had, in forming a union with disembodied men and women. ' Two theories only, are tenable, regarding most of the Spirit manifestations. They are real and true and honest, or they are a culpable fraud.' So says the Scientific American. That is the pin to hang all doubts upon, until removed therefrom by facts —evidence. But when, to this, he adds, ' the media, in these cases, are either the most worship-worthy of mortals,' I demur entirely. We, too, fell into that trap. The facts may be real and the materializations true, and yet the mediums be as great cheats and liars, as were some of the Reporters — not the Tribune's — who professed to give, the public, the facts of our Steinway Hall Meetings, on the 22d November, and as somebody must be, in the great scandal suits. Even when media are entirely truthful, it no more constitutes them worship-worthy, than is a pipe, that conveys precious or vile fluid—than is an electric machine. Again says the Editor, ' Concerning raps and materializations, there is a question of fraud or no fraud, and this is a question of such fundamental character, that the answer to it is conclusive of the whole matter.' Then come the tests, to settle the important question — A gun is suggested, to shoot the apparition. This, the Editor is afraid of, and warns the investigator that an action, for murder, would lie, should the fraudulent medium be killed. Of the fifteen male and female figures of different sizes, ages and proportions, that I saw, any one of them might have been subjected to that test. But I too, would give a caution. While any kind of a test, that a sincere enquirer might honestly require, as evidence, or to detect fraud, would pass harmlessly ; should the tester be a fraud, the missile might rebound and kill the sender. Then we have the 'Lasso' suggested, ' a dark lantern, some ink '—then ' a strong grasp upon the materialization,' Any thing, friends, if you bear 'in mind, that haply contending with something real, you may kick against pricks. If ' the peace of society is disturbed, and something must be done for quiet, or many good friends will go to Bedlam,' I trust that all those Editors, who 'gave such liberal advance notice of our Shaker Meetings, will happily escape. F. W. Evans