SHAKERESS: THE WORD OF GOD A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS What is the word of God ? How spoken, heard, or understood ? Is it the Bible, as a whole, or any part of it ? The apostle John said, '' In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.' According to that definition, the outward universe of matter is His Word, an out-growth from the Universal Mind, which existed anterior to all bibles — the soul of all things; and although imperceptible to the outward senses, is the moving cause of all existence within the spheres of God's creation. The Word of God has been heard and felt in every land and clime, and by all nations, ever since the foundations of the earth or heavens were laid. He has spoken, and continues to speak, through the rocks, plants and flowers; through the sapling and the full-grown tree, with its wide-extended branches, and roots deeply imbedded in the soil. God's Word is indestructible. The laws of gravitation, of expansion and cohesion never change. They are facts — laws which pertain to the universe — a portion of God's outspoken Word, to the visible, from the unseen worlds. In all their evolutions they are upheld by his power, and caused to move in harmony ; and the relations which they bear, one to the other, are perfect. God does not speak as with human voice, but in acts — works — and through human agencies and invisible intelligences. While we must acknowledge that God has spoken through Nature — through the earth and its products — through the sun, moon and starry heavens, we can but admire the wisdom with which He has meted out his Word, down through the ages, to meet the developed and ^-developed condition of the people. In the childhood state, He spake in whispers — modulated tones. Yet Truth, abstractly considered, never changes. In all essentials it is the same. Cause and effect stand in corresponding relations the one to the other, in the past, as in the present. Health-producing and health-destroying causes always bring forth the same results, whether in a physical, moral, or spiritual point of view. Every departure from law makes its impress upon the being. Physical disease marks its victim. Sensuality dwarfs the intellect and mars the image of the heavenly, which should be reflected in the countenances of all who are created with the inherent germs of immortal life. We do not need that some messenger from the high heavens should come to our sphere to point out the debauched, those who have departed from rectitude. John the revelator, spake of the servants of God, who had the Father's name, (character), written in their foreheads;' and of those '' who had not received the mark of the beast.' The life deeds, whether good or evil, are delineated in the countenances and felt in the exhalations that go from them. What a boundless field of thought, of contemplation and study, is open to the human mind, in searching to understand God's Word, manifest in works — outspoken, and what remains to be spoken, the written, and the yet unwritten, which pertain to future, unborn ages. The past, contrasted with the future, is only as drops of water when compared with the ocean. An eternity lies before us. Sacred, and what is called profane history, touch at different points upon the origin, life and progress of nations and kingdoms, and of the rise and fall of empires. But how fragmentary it must of necessity be; mere atoms when compared with the indivisible whole. Every thing in the past, as far as we have knowledge, as well as in the present, avows one fixed unvarying principle or law, that is applicable to all nations and peoples. All true records of events, past or present, concerning natural or spiritual things, should be received and treated with respect and due consideration. Mortals can neither make nor destroy truth. They may lend their aid to strengthen, or to weaken it; but its course is onward, and it is omnipotent 1 No book, however inspired, or well written, can contain all truth, or fix the boundary lines of its increase. The bibles, of different nations, all have recorded truth, more or less, as revealed to, and interpreted by, them; but if all the bibles, ever written by Greek, Catholic or Protestant, of every land, should be burned to-day, not one particle of God's Word, which is quick and powerful, would fail or be destroyed. All the truths which those bibles contain, were in existence, in some form, before they were revealed to mortals, and would remain, subject to the law of revelation, in God's own time and manner. God's agencies, through which he speaks and works, are multitudinous. Countless numbers of purified spirits are sent from the inner spheres to speak the Word of God to those in the earth sphere who are the most spiritually progressed, and the farthest removed from sensuality and selfish loves. These are the '' angels who fly in the midst of heaven,' preaching the Word in the highest, purest form, that mortals are prepared to receive. They are God's ministers of spiritual truth, sent from the heaven of resurrected souls, who have been baptised with the Christ baptism, which is, '' fire and the Holy Spirit.' They are over and around the pure in heart who can see and hear God's voice through messengers whom He sends. Nothing can exceed, in excellence and beauty, the utterances of Jesus in his sermon on the mount: '' Blessed are the pure in heart; for they shall see God.' They are in communion with angelical beings, they list for the sound of cherubic wings, and hear the voice of God when He speaks.