The following article has been sent to the London Times: ENGLISH AND AMERICAN SHAKERS I have been abundantly supplied with English papers and extracts from English papers, giving the history of the ejectment of the ' Bible Christians ' — called ' Shakers,' by the English press. I have received not less than twenty different accounts. This shows both the unusual nature of the event, and the deep and general interest taken in it, by all classes of people in England. In America, the exchanges of the Shaker and Shakeress contain detailed accounts of the sad event, with much editorial comment. This breakup, by the sheriff, of the community Home, of the ' Bible Christians,' at New Forest, near Lymington, Surrey, is the present sensation. It would be but a feeble expression of our feelings to say that we, the Shakers of America, sympathize with those sincere, desolated enthusiasts, who were, by due course of law, thus ruthlessly, to the number of one hundred and fourteen, men, women and children, turned out into the highway, in a cold, stormy night — their goods and chattels piled up by the road side. In justice to the present generation of English people, we are happy to say, that throughout the whole history of those people — logical from a certain stand-point — no appearance of religious persecution has been visible. Great forbearance, by the magistrates, who have often been called upon in relation to the ' Walworth Jumpers,' as they were also called, has been uniformly manifest. In this we see that real progress has been made in religious toleration. England has learned to be patient and long suffering with religious fanatics. This is well. So far as fanaticism goes, these ' Bible Christians ' have not been much worse than were the Shakers, when the Shakers were as young. The Shakers, with Quaker proclivities, were so impracticable, shouting, shaking, and dancing on the Sabbath day — at that time a very dreadful thing—sometimes interrupting the services of the hireling Priests, in their own steeple-houses, that finally they had to leave the country entirely. And in America, Ann Lee and her Elders passed a tithe of their time in its various prisons. If these people have, in them, as they claim, the basis of a new order of things, that will fulfill the prophecies and meet the wants of our race, God is in it. Man cannot overthrow it. We do not question their faith, zeal, earnestness of purpose and devotional endurance, manifested throughout their two, or three years' history. These are virtues we love. But, in theological theories — theology — either the Jumpers, or Shakers are wide of the mark, on some essential points. Cannot the facts be come at ? The Girley woman, who is the mother of these people, holds, with the Protestants, Catholics and Greeks, that Jesus was the very Christ — that his dead body was raised from the tomb — that such rising was the true and final resurrection — that his body was spiritualized — that after this pattern, all human bodies, however long dead, are to be resurrected. She claims to be resurrected, in like manner, with this slight variation, as expressed by Paul — ' We shall not all die, but we shall all be J^NID changed.' She is ' changed.' Her followers are also being ' changed,' without going through the process of physical death. Such is the ground of their faith, that nothing can harm them, physically. ' See,' they said, '¦ that after being exposed to the rain and cold, all night, wet through and through, none are inj ured — none taken cold even ! ' To them, the second appearing of Christ is the second appearing of Jesus — personally. And is not this Orthodox ? The Second Adventists held to, and looked for his personal appearing. Were they less fanatical than these more modern Second Adventists ? Some Millerites prepared robes in which to ascend and meet the Lord in the air, at his advent, when the great Trumpet of the Angel Gabriel should sound. We believe Christ is a spirit sphere, with things and persons in it — interior to all other things and persons — that Jesus was born and educated a Jew — saw the travail of his soul towards that sphere, and into it was finally baptised, through John, the end of the Law and the last of the Prophets, coming down from Melchisideck — the Heathen — who baptised Abraham, the ancestor of Jesus, and father of the whole Jewish people, into a seed — faith — of Spirituality. That Germ of Spirituality expanded and grew, coming down through the Prophets, to John, and culminated in Christianity. In Jesus, that Christianity was as an Acorn to the Oak — a little Leaven to the whole mass — a mustard seed to the plant — a grain of sand to the seashore—a little stone to the Mountain that is yet to fill the whole earth, as the waters cover the hills, valleys and rocks of the sea-basin. The two Peoples agree in the fact of a Second Coming of Christ, and differ as to who and what Christ is — and in the time and manner of his second coming. Both hold celibacy as a necessary condition of Resurrected Souls. But while Shakers respect the injunction— 'Not to touch a woman'—Girleyites seem to consider, that being now resurrected, they can throw off restraint. They do not hesitate to practice great sexual familiarity in public meetings. Respecting the ownership of land, in large quantities, and the monopoly of life elements — holding that community of goods is a Christian virtue, the Shakers and Bible Christians are at one again, showing there are important elements of union. While one party take the Scriptures as the infallible Word of God, and the physical resurrection as the final resurrection of glorification, the other party, reasoning from facts and principles, regard the Scripture records as illustrative of the then present faith of the writers and actors, to be interpreted by those facts and principles, regardless of persons and old theories. Both agree that the dead are raised, and may re-animate their physical bodies, if not too much decomposed for their reparation, under the laws of materialization. But the Shakers assume that such re-animation is but a first resurrection, to prepare the human mind for the second — the first is abnormal — temporary. The second is normal, and may become universal, to the human race. As there is no permanent physical resurrection, so neither will there be a personal re-appearing of Jesus, as the Christ. If Jesus and the Apostles, who saw and knew only in part, and prophesied as through a glass, darkly, did so understand, up to the time that they passed into the spirit world, and as nearly all the so-called Christian world have understood, and yet understand—such understanding no more establishes the fact, than it establishes the fact, that his Kingdom was to be of this world, when the facts were, His Kingdom was to be set up and established in the world of Spirits, on the basis of the Mosaic Law, and to be composed of the twelve Tribes of Israel, upon which the twelve Apostles would sit, as upon twelve thrones. That was the Man-child — a male church — a continuation of the Jewish Pentecostal Christian Church, caught up to God, away from the persecuting power — Dragon-Rome and the Gentile Christian Church on earth. That Gentile Christian Church included generation, private property, war, and Church and State governments. It has had its reign, 1260 years. It is now being broken. The fragments, of its Monarchical Kingdoms, lie around loose — broken, by Republican Principles, as concentrated in the Infidel Governments of the United States. These are breaking, in pieces, all other Kingdoms and Governments, because Christ, having made his second appearance — spiritually— has begun to organize a Gentile Pentecostal Church, on the earth, under the protection of a New Earth Civil Government, which secures liberty of conscience, as a Right. The Marriage of the Lamb and Bride will be effected through Spiritualism. It will be a union between the Jewish Pentecostal Church, in the Heavens, and the Gentile Pentecostal Church on Earth. After the marriage of the two churches is perfected, their united testimony will be against all evil that afflicts humanity — physical and spiritual. They will sing the song of Moses, the servant of God, and the Song of the Lamb —' In thy light we behold light.' Could the English Shakers, some of whom have visited us, see things in this light, good homes await the whole ejected company. And what appeared to be their total ruin, may thus be turned to their temporal and eternal gain.