BAPTISM OF JESUS There is but one faith and one baptism that can save us from sin, and that is the faith and baptism of Jesus, into and unto Christ. Jesus believed and testified that all mankind were deeply lost from God. He believed that all were out of the way, going astray in sin and darkness. Jesus believed in a new birth, and a Spiritual Resurrection ; that there was only one way for mankind to be saved, and this was the way he opened and walked in himself. He believed it was necessary to deny self, of all the carnal pleasures of this world, to be saved — believed it necessary to leave father and mother, wife and children, houses and lands, and his own life also, to inherit the kingdom of Heaven. He believed it necessary for him to obey and keep his Father's commands strictly. He also believed it necessary to crucify the old nature with its affections and lusts, also his own will and selfishness. He believed there was not one Christian in all the race of Adam — that all belonged to the world. He believed and testified that the marriage order did not belong to his kingdom — no husband nor wife known there — but fathers and mothers, brethren and sisters, those who practiced the words and character of angels. This was the faith of Jesus. No one can be a Christian without that faith. Every one that possesses this faith and practices it is a true follower of Jesus. The church of J erusalem had that faith, and did practice it, for some time. But when that church fell away, the faith of Jesua departed from the earth, and when he came the second time he did not find one who kept his faith. Ann Lee received that faith by revelation, and by obedience to it, she became a mother in the new creation — 0 how beautifully bright and shining are her children. All true Shakers are the offspring of the same parentage of Jesus and Ann — Celestial parents. Blessed and holy are all those who have received that faith of Jesus, and the holy baptism of Father's and Mother's Spirit, because they have power to rise above the earth and walk, as the angels, in Heaven, and to overcome the world in themselves, as our Heavenly Father and Mother have done. Lasy Erickson, Pleasant Hill, Ky.