TELLING EXPERIENCE Editor Shaker and Shakeress : I see your radical paper contains no advertisements, not even ' Purely Vegetable Bitters,' nor New Sunday School Music Books. Of course it lacks one source upon which other periodicals largely depend. May be you can spare room for this communication. I wish to publish some of my religious experience. I am a beginner. I am desirous to encourage the youth, by pointing to those whose example has been blessed to me. Let me say to you, Obey the plain teachings of Truth, and you can succeed in keeping in the very foot-prints of our Saviors, who go before us. For several years I have been trying to 'follow Jesus'—or thought I was. A crooked path I made, stumbling over temptations I willfully ran against, and prayed to be delivered from—trying to smooth over incongruities, until nearly discouraged as to the possibility of ever reaching my Ideal. I must also confess that I excused myself from much of the ' burden ' and the yoke — self-denial — by belief in the Divinity of Jesus — that his miraculous conception enabled him to resist sin — a power not vouchsafed to me, a poor sinner. Then came to my weary, sin-sick soul, the Truth as it is in Christ — practical Christianity — practical Christianity in the United Society of Shakers. I read all the Shaker Books and Papers I could get. New Light sinned upon my path. The absorbing question was — Is it true, that the Millennial Church keeps, in its purity, the faith, once delivered to the Saints ? I visited this branch of your Society, as an inquirer. Soon, the Ministry, from Mt. Lebanon came. The preaching, daily walk and conversation of Elders, Eldresses, Brothers and Sisters, confirmed me in the faith. During the first two weeks, I had such constant feeling of peace, and of the Love of God, that I wondered if Heaven had already begun. Is the cross so soon a crown ! — the yoke so easy, and the burden so light! — While I lie down in green pastures, beside still waters, let me not forget the giver of all good. By childlike obedience—by close union with my Elders — may I be prepared for temptations, by which my faith must be tried. Then, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil. Never before was my sky so clear. No doubts becloud my pathway. No incongruities to smooth over. No stumbling blocks. A straight, narrow path leads steadily upward. A Light, shining brighter and brighter, unto the perfect day. Richard Fletcher, Sonyea, N. Y.