Shaker Village, Shirley, j Mass., December 14, 1874 Kind and Respected Brother, John Greaves:—Yours, of Nov. 30, came duly to hand. The information about the manifestations in Vermont is highly appreciated by the Brethren and Sisters. Accept thanks for the rich store of Love, from yourself and others. To stir one another up to a realization, that we are in a work — a dispensation — where the prevailing sentiment is Love, is doing good service. The seal of love is self-sacrifice. We, thereby, increase our own happiness and the happiness of others. The order of our Gospel is the product of, and is sustained by, self-sacrifice. I thank you for the sacrifice you have made, and for the continued kindness you have manifested. They who give their all, and maintain a uniform kindly bearing, are, to-day, glorious. Happy to hear of the young Brethren and Sisters — of the Aged, and also of those who bear the burden of to-day. They are my relations. With them, I am happy in blessing and being blessed. Your visit, to the Eddys, was seasonable. I feel assured it will be of much importance in the future. I hope an account of the manifestations, witnessed by Elder Frederick and yourself, will be recorded in the Society. The extraordinary manifestations bother scientists. They have neither science enough, nor time enough, to settle one phase of Spiritualism, before another presents itself. Spiritualism will humble the pride of all flesh. To maintain a humble attitude, is to be in union with the work of to-day. We all thank you for the pains you have taken, to give us such full and satisfactory account of your visit, and of the manifestations. Though outward, they are doing an important work, in reference to a coming day. Modern civilization is beginning to feel the power of Spiritualism. I am on the watch-tower, looking for the next wave from the spirit land. The first, enlightened the understanding. The second, will touch the heart — cause conviction and repentance. The sentiments of to-day and of the past, which have produced a state of things, called civilization, will undergo great changes. Prevailing sentiment being changed, on important fundamental points, they, who do not take hold and embody the increasing light, favorable to moral and physiological integrity, bearing on the good time coming, will be left out in the dark, to die out, as did the flesJi-pot loving Hebrews of former times. May that not be the case with us, either collectively, or individually. Communicate largely of our love, and accept, for yourself, a full measure. Our most loved Ministry add theirs. Daniel Fraser