TIME, IMPROVED, IS WEALTH The proper improvement of time is a subject upon which much has been said and written ; the importance of which cannot be over-estimated ; for the weal or woe of our race depends upon it. The necessity of hand labor, also the advantages derived therefrom, both in a physical and moral point of view, calls for earnest thought. The scripture injunction, ' They who will not work neither shall they eat,' is as just as it is wise. Could the public be brought to understand and feel, that no person, possessing physical and mental ability, should be considered a good citizen without working at some useful employment, of what incalculable benefit it would be to all classes. Soon would the wilderness bloom like Eden, and barren lands become a terrestrial paradise. It should be borne in mind by all, rich and poor, that honest laborers in the community, are the heart— the sustaining element in our Republic. Those who are young in years would do well to give attention to the cultivation of the mind, as well as to proper physical labor. Both are essential to the formation of good and true characters. Young people who perform little, or no manual labor, are apt to neglect the mental exertion which is necessary to govern the thoughts; and they are left unrestrained to roam at large, and build air castles, and form plans for after life, which, at more mature age, are found to be impracticable. In imagination they rise on fancy's J^NT) 8HAKEEE88. 23 wings and explore unknown regions — launch out upon creation's broad expanse — thus giving latitude to thoughts which are fallacious, and no one can tell where they will lead. In this way, the mind oftentimes becomes confused, and exhausted ; when it should ever be kept vigorous, and receptive to good and true influences. Youth, is a good time to curb the thoughts — to direct them aright and cause them to flow in a proper channel. They, who are wise enough to pursue thig course, while forming their character, will find true enjoyment; and as they develop, will become more and more beautiful in the sight of men and Angels. Passions, indulged in the mind, generally lead to action. Thought, plans the deed, whether good or evil; and crime of almost every grade is the product of idleness. Watts said truly — 'Satan finds some mischief still, for idle hands to do.' It is true that some, who have been thus led astray, in their youth have by the aid of friends and great exertions of their own, become good members of society. But, ask them what it cost to retrace their steps and return to the path of rectitude ? They will tell you, the cost cannot be counted; and if they had learned the important lesson of governing their thoughts they would never have wandered into the paths of sin and demoralizing habits. And be it ever remembered, that every evil, withstood, gives additional strength and power of resistance; while every indulgence detracts therefrom. Each step in the downward track, must not only be repented of, but must be retraced. Thus great delay is caused in the soul's ascension to the higher plane of life; and many times courage fails in the attempt — the fruit of wrong-doing ; whereas, every evil passion denied, gives impetus to progression; and souls will ascend from one degree to another, till they reach the goal of perfection. Eunice Bathrick, Ayer, Mass.