TESTIMONIAL Eldress Antoinette : Dear Sister. — I feel moved to give expression to a few feelings which swell up from my heart at this time, relative to our aged brethren and sisters who have been pioneers in the Gospel work in our own day — faithful guides and shining lights in our path-way. I feel that I owe to them a great debt of gratitude, and would gladly offer a tribute of love and thanks not only to those in my own loved home, but to all of the aged believers in Zion, who have so earnestly done the work of their time, and been noble examples of godliness to the rising generation. It has been my privilege to spend about forty-four years of my life, where I have had daily intercourse with a large class who might properly be called the Ancients of the present spiritual Israel of God. My testimony regarding them is, I have never seen a carnal action in them — have never heard a carnal speech from them. They have been examples of humility, and patterns of truthfulness to me. They toiled to lay a foundation, in temporal and spiritual things, that a temple might be built — a home prepared — for honest sin-sick souls to gather to, away from Babylonish captivity, and the fierce storms of passion that are raging without. They sacrificed their own personal comfort for the good of others. And shall not those who have reaped the blessings which they sowed, return blessing for blessing, and revere their memory ? They are now leaving the shores of time — passing from our midst one by one ; but few of that class now remain with us, and those we hold as a special blessing to the whole household of faith. I have witnessed the departure from the scenes of time of many of those dear fathers and mothers, and their spirits were peaceful, calm and triumphant. The mortal part was feeble, faint and weary ; but their spirits were strong and vigorous. Like fledged birds, they were ready to respond to the spirit's call, and wing their way to a new home in the spirit land — there to commence a new travel, and progress to still greater attainments in light, life and love. ] never heard any one of them express the idea that they were perfected in truth, and that there was nothing more for them to attain unto. But they have done the work of tlieir day, and we speak peace unto them, and would suffer much, rather than to do or saj' aught to wound or grieve the feelings of one of those goodly servants of God, and we believe that the angels will say, ' Well done ! ' The prophet Esdras was inspired to compare the judgment work to a ring : ' Like as there is no slackness in the last, even so there is no swiftness to the first.' We are indebted to all the prophets, the saints and seers of the ages ;— all have had their mission to perform. The Jews received laws relating to agriculture and physiology, and their attention was chiefly turned to external natural truths pertaining to material things. In the beginning of this Gospel work, the attention of the first toilers in the field was directed to the soul needs, and to do the battle against inward foes ; even the king of all passions, ' fleshly lusts which war against the soul ' Each was accepted in his or her work. Now if the time has come or is approaching when their successors in the field feel called upon to combine the physical truths of the Jewish dispensation with the more spiritual work of the Christian era, can we not recognize therein the prophetic ring, as one continuous work of God through succeeding dispensations ? no slackness to the last, even as there is no swiftness to the first. Paul said of God's suffering witnesses and the martyrs of former ages, 'that through faith they obtained a good report; but without us could not be made perfect.' While they would have need of the more spiritual soul work of the latter day saints, Is it not quite possible that we may also learn something of the Jews in relation to agriculture and physiology ? If this be so, then we understand how the 'judgment work' may justly be compared to a ' ring.' Hence, when we say that the Jews, as a people, who abstained from sin by compulsory law, need also, by greater love to truth and purity, to learn the Christian principle of crucifying the nature whence sin proceeds ; we do not diminish their glory, neither take away their reward. And should we say that Believers may learn of the Jews in many things pertaining to the physical, it would not detract one particle from the beauty and glory of their lives, nor the spiritual renown which they have justly earned. So we repeat, honor, peace and blessing rest upon the aged worthies in Zion — our pilgrim fathers and mothers. Jane M. Brainard, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.