Eldbess Antoinette: My Dear Sisteb — I have a sweet good morning for you. I am always happy to meet you face to face, and with you feast on heavenly food, and dwell upon themes relating to the Angel life. Those seasons are refreshing. When we cannot thus meet and commune, we are glad of the pen medium to convey our thoughts. ' The pare in heart, see God.' Where do they see Him ? Do not those who walk in the footsteps of the meek and lowly Jesus, reflect the image of the Heavenly, and become one with him, even as he was one with the Father ? If this be so, then we see and feel God in all who live godly lives ; and it matters little whether they are in material form, or freed therefrom. In spirit and essence they are one. I love to commune with such spirits—to mingle my thoughts and feelings with theirs— and from them draw strength and inspirational power. It is invigorating to drink of spiritual waters which flow in such channels, and to be immersed in them. Do we not, at times, see and feel the Christ spirit — in dove form—coming to bless and approve, when we receive the same baptisms that Jesus was baptized with ? That spirit leads to humility — loving simplicity — devoid of worldly pride and haughty mien, in thought, word and action. When selfishness and vain ambition are subdued, then is the soul exalted, and made noble. I am thankful to call all such by the endearing name of brother and sister. They are bright lights in the pathway of weary pilgrims, who are journeying to their heavenly home, and who joyfully bear the Christian's cross, for the sake of the reward that it brings. I want to tell you that now, while I am writing, I feel the spirits, of many of the dear departed Saints, gathering near, and their influence over me is like the breath of the morning — healthful — and inspiring. I am impressed that the present, to them, as to us, is a season of great interest; it being the Centennial anniversary of the arrival of these messengers, to Columbia's shores, who brought the glad tidings of full salvation from sin, by the cross of Christ. Is it not their present mission to infuse new life into the testimony which they then bore, and to give new impetus to the work which they, by the revelation then given, commenced ? They planted the seed, and left it to be cultivated by their successors, who would be aided by increasing light of divine revelation. Jesus told his disciples, that after he had passed from their visible presence, they would be empowered to perform greater works than he had done. The first founders of the Millennial Church, virtually left the same testimony. They said, while looking through prophetic lens, ' We see the Church of Christ's Second Appearing, rising in glory and beauty! There is glory beyond glory; and to its growth in goodness and perfection, there will be no end! Its increase, at the commencement, was necessarily slow. The religion, which those Witnesses taught and lived, was unpopular, and unpalatable ; for it was like a sharp sword to divide ' flesh and spirit;' and the pharisaical priesthood, churchgoers, and lovers of sensuality, were alike strong in denunciation and persecution. The little Band had to work their way through privation, toil, suffering of soul and body, which few of the present generation are able to realize ; but they were visited and fed by Angels, and were thus sustained. They passed through great tribulation, but continued faithful to the charge committed to their trust, until they had finished the work on earth given them to do. May the present toilers in the field never grow weary in well doing, nor lose sight of the deep humility and dependence, on a higher power, that our first parents possessed, in the earnestness of spirit which they manifested at all times — morning, noon and eventide. May we also possess and show forth, in practical life, that we have been baptized with the same spirit. Then, we shall be lifted above earthly attractions and walk with them in white, as they were lifted up to walk with Christ and his angels. I am aware that many, outside of Zion, and some of the young within her courts, are asking, What of the future? 'We know not what a day may bring forth ; ' but we do know that the powers of the invisible worlds are moving; and if we watch and wait and have our lamps trimmed and burning, and are clad in virgin purity, we shall be ready to advance when the Spirit calls us to come up still higher on the plane of angelic life. Selfdenial, faith in God, and a dependence upon his power, will bear us onward, and still onward, to rest in truth — in God. Fraternally thine, Hester A. Adams, Alfred, Me.