Union Village, Ohio, Dec. 25,1874 Beloved Elder Frederick and Companions in Gospel Order: I am much pleased with your 'Sev en Testimonies,' in the Jan. 75, No. of S. &amp; S. It is all very good. When the First Testimony was proclaimed, by Mother Ann, against Generation, its vitality depended on its advocates Living it — reducing it to practice, by bearing a cross against works of concupiscence. Had they not done so, their mission would have been of little account to humanity. The power We exercise, for good, at the present time, is in our united effort to carry forward that same testimony. If we ever take a step, in advance of that testimony, that step will be taken in the same way the first step was taken, in the first Testimony —¦ by reducing it to practice. It is well to have time to consider the philosophy of the situation, but have we not had all the themes digested, leading to the second step in the drama ? Who wants to be convinced now, that a poor, weakly, diseased man, or woman is a poor medium for God, or Angels, to work through ? Nearly every one believes improper aliment is the cause of very much of the physical evils we are laboring under. Yet there are as many excuses, for continuing to do as our fathers have done, as were found among the Ohio New Lights, when John Meacham, Issachar Bates and Benjamin S. Young told the people they would have to quit sleeping with their wives. Oh ! what a lamentation ascended from Turtle Creek Valley, when, Testimony of the first Thunder was proclaimed. The flesh was held in as high estimation by Preachers Stone, Thompson and their coadjutors, as are Superfine Flour, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee, Flesh Meat and cognate unphysiological diets and indulgences, by many, among Believers, in this day. And as it took the force of Truth, to separate tJwse from their Idols — so will it take the force of uncompromising truth, to separate —to emancipate souls, from the Idols of this day — to let in the light of the second Testimony, against unphysiological living. You say our Fathers and Mothers confined their work to one testimony — the Testimony against the work of concupiscence. That was wise. Now, what if we should confine our efforts to the duties of the second Testimony, and let the rest go, until we feel that we have made sure, solid ground to stand on. And in order to do this, let us establish a working Power, in every Society, ©f such as are willing to live out the principles of their Testimony, unitedly. What chance would there be, for a young man, or woman, to bear the cross, surrounded with the temptations found in the higher walks of city life ? Hence the call, ' come out from among them, that ye be not partakers of their sins.' Such, were the conditions of success, in the First Testimony. Shall we not follow the same rule, in every advance movement ? Let the few, who are ready to take this step, and keep this Testimony, ' Gome out,' and form a Family, and live the Testimony of the Second Thunder. Let this be called the First Order. I could see some sense, in such an arrangement as that — but can see no sense in the present arrangement of 1st Order, 2d Order 2d Family, or Gathering Order. Let me congratulate you on getting up a good Paper, for January, 75. Our hearts are overflowing — gushing out — with Love, for Elder Frederick and his dear good People. Do receive. William Reynolds, Union Village, 0.