LOVE THAT IS TRUE ' True love worketh no evil.' In meditating on the subject of true love, we find, in its meaning, a growth of the higher life — a depth of pure aspiration, in which the inner feelings of the soul work in harmony with the spirit of eternal good ; an element, which is intuitive in every human being, as an attribute of the Divine Creator. As ' the tree is known by its fruit,' so is true love by its workings in the soul; which secure eternal treasures, not only to individuals, but to the grand whole as one ; for its power is Omnipotent. Do we not learn the lesson of love, from the example of our Savior? His life was a living testimony of this most noble principle. And what were his workings ? Why, he toiled assiduously, for the benefit of humanity — for the development of higher principles of enduring worth. At the expense of personal comfort, through sorrowing of spirit, and trouble of soul, incessantly, he labored for the reclamation of virtue, — for the promulgation of a pure religion, in which the souls of humanity, should work deeds of righteousness. And later, we are informed of many, Christian pioneers, whose life-records, were filled with noble deeds, wrought through the spirit of true love. Such characters claim our highest admiration. Much has been spoken, and written on the subject of love; but where in its meaning known—its power felt? In the hearts of Christian toilers, whose endeavors are concentrated in the ever progressive work of truth. Christ has said : ' By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one for another.' Here, then, is where we find our relation to the God-spirit. True love is manifested in deeds of charity,—words of kindness — and acts of pure philanthropy. When we see the effects of love's genial influence, on the sorrowing heart, how happy we feel ! Its cheering rays often permeate the darkest recesses of life; and the shadows are bid to flee by its imperative, yet always soothing tones. The grieved and oppressed, are caused to look up through the eyes of joy, and behold the dawn of a brighter day, that is not to be followed by the night of sorrow. Again we perceive its workings, for reclamation. We see it clasp the erring one, in its loving embrace, and mildly chide the evil power, that would tempt the soul from virtue's path, and lead it in the broad road to destruction. And though gentle in its varied manifestations, its influence is strong, and its power mighty; for it often conquers the most stubborn will — moves even the universe by its magic touch ! It has achieved victories where its opposite spirit has suffered well-merited defeat. Oh, blessed are the fountains of love ! from which the soul can sip, and be filled to overflowing. But dreary, desolate, and sad is life,—void of its true meaning, where this most coveted gem is wanting. Love is the rich soil, where grow the choicest plants of truth, on which the brightest flowers of virtue boom. And its substance is the same, in the sunshine and storm. And, though the sun cease to shine, and Earth pass away, the principles of true love will endure forever. And when the souls of humanity shall have attained a condition of purity — then shall they know the supremacy of true love, over the false, earthly element, that so often claims this title ; but which is only a spurious article at best. True love, is the Christ-spirit, working in, and through the soul, leading it ever onward, even unto perfection. Sarah Ann Need, Watervliet, N. Y.