HEAVEN Where is heaven ? and when shall we find it 1 The impression generally given in speaking of heaven^ is, that it is something in the future — a place where the departed good assemble, or rather which they inhabit — whose employments are prayer and praise ; living very harmoniously together, up somewhere in the New Jerusalem —¦ whose streets are paved with gold ; o\«r which they march with the harps of God in their hands. To many, these are sickly sentimentalities—words Without meaning—-the region of Utopia, All that reason can depict for the future, should have an eternal now. If purity and goodness are the foundations of a heavenly structure, should they not be laid in every heart ? ' Ye are the temple of the living God ; and whosoever denies this temple, God will destroy •' or annul, as being unfit for the building. Again, this heavenly city is to be illumined by the light of God. A city is made up of people and houses being in close proximity to each other ; they differ in magnitude, according to location and enterprise. By these we only get an idea of the city above. It is a time when public attention is being largely drawn toward the subject of materialization ; and we propose to have the New Jerusalem so materialized, that it will be a tangible existence — a reality — to be enjoyed in the present time. We are told that God is Love ; and that heaven is His dwelling-place. If the love of God can enter the hearts of men and women, that they will be drawn together, to carry out this good spirit of love, so that the light which illumes this city or people, may be the light of every heart; and so that every evil and discordant element may be banished, it will be a beautiful, present reality, rather than an anticipated future prospect. Let the experiment be tried ; and if it do not succeed, then there is a work to be done, to fit and prepare individuals for a higher life, even a heavenly one. On the earthly plane, two individuals were to become one flesh; on the spiritual and heavenly plane, these will form one united and harmonious spirit, which will blend all into one body of good, whether there be two, ten, or ten thousand, who shall make up the kingdom of heaven. Jesus, in giving instructions of heaven, says, ' It is within, or among you.' Any one who will forsake all earthly goods — all earthly relationships which are selfish — for the one grand object of living godly in this present evil world, will find that heaven has in very deed commenced in one soul: and the more there are possessed of this spirit, the more enlarged heaven will be ; and there will be no great change from the heaven of this world, to that in the world to come; it will be in degrees of happiness, not in any change of principles. We read of heaven, and the heaven of heavens; which admit of a large increase of that spiritual light and power, which will cause any soul to take the first step heavenward. The greatest good will yield the greatest happiness in physical things, as in spiritual things. The epicure, who takes the greatest pleasure in the indulgence of his sordid appetite, often finds the effect pain and misery ; delighting in present gratification, at the exSHAKEEESS. 21 22 SHA.KKR pense of future happiness; and those who stimulate themselves with poisonous narcotics, and spirituous beverages, must have these increasingly to keep up the excitation ; when this ceases, then happiness is at a discount; so their heaven cannot be welling up continually, as in a soul full of self-denial to every thing that does not centre in God ; for no one will believe these things are an emanation from Him. Souls must of necessity look far into the future, for substantial happiness. It occurs to me, that any one bound to habits detrimental to physical health, or spiritual growth, has a very limited idea of that high estate, which we term heaven ; and the sooner he or she begins to expunge those things from his or her life-practice, by strictly denying self of tliem, the higher up on the ladder, reaching from earth to heaven, will he or she find him or her self. Harriet Bullard, Watervliet, N. Y.