J. M. PEEBLES How prospers the Shaker and Shakbress ? In this transition state of tlie world tlie newspaper lias become the missionary — the avenue of knowledge to the unsettled unsatisfied masses. Many will read a daily paper or a monthly journal, that would not hear a sermon or attend a leeture. It was a timely move, the starting of the 'Shaker.' It has comforted the sad, strengthened the weak, encouraged the disheartened, revealed the heavenly genius of the order, and enlightened multitudes, who as yet choose to walk in the outer ' Courts of the Gentiles.' This is a period of progress. It is a very little thing to be a bit of fossil, and not much more to be an oyster. To say that oysters move, or that oysters come out when raked out, is not saying much in their favor; and so for (an individual or) a society to advance only as 'tis pushed or pulled by noble reformatory souls, all aflame with inspiration, is paying it no very high compliment. God, by the voice of immutable law, or by revelation, says progress or die. Inaction is death. ' Go on,' said the apostle,' unto perfection '— ' from that ye may obtain '— ' press on toward the mark '— the import of these passages, with the ' issuing waters,' seen in Ezekiel's vision cannot be mistaken. The true man, it seems to me, must be both conservative and radical, both continuous and progressive. While holding on with a terrible tenacity to the good of the past, he must have an open mind for the reception of every newly demonstrated fact in science, or truth in religion. Revelation is perpetual. God is not asleep, nor are the angels dozing under shade trees in glory. The progressive spirit that pervades a large portion of the Shaker and Shakeress charms me. I trust that its circulation is rapidly increasing. Can you not enlarge it ? The world needs its teachings. I was delighted with your articles in the New York Tribune upon the materialization of spirits. Will you not publish them in the Shaker and Shakeress 1 They cannot have a too wide circulation. Since conversing with Prof. Crookes of London and visiting the Eddys in Vermont, I have not had a doubt of the fact that materialized spirits again walk the earth, as in the days of the patriarchs and prophets. The signs of the times are ominous. Already the ' fig-tree puts forth.' The angels are crying ' Come up higher.' Are our ' lamps trimmed and burning ? '