GIFT OF HEALING This Gift will be the sign of tlie second Gospel testimony, as the Gift of Tongues was of the first. When the Spirit begins to raise up the leaders of the new faith, they will be endowed with the Gift of Healing, in a pre-eminent manner. This will be both as a sign and as a ministration of intrinsic good. A sign that the Gospel has increased — progressed from faith to faith, and that health of body is, hereafter, to be conjoined to health of soul. And as powerful and heart-searching testimony will be borne against the tributary lusts of the mind and the flesh, as the first witnesses bore against the consummation — fleshly lusts and generation. In her day, Mother taught that all should build their faith upon the Gift of God — Revelation — and not upon her personally, much less upon the persons of her successors. This is the Rock of the Order —the Foundation of the Gospel — and from it cometh the Gospel increase. Paul found some, who asked, 'How are the dead raised, and with what bodies do they come forth? ' A rational, scientific inquiry, which he essayed to answer, according to the light of that day, to him vouchsafed. His argument was, that there was a natural body and a spiritual body. If we call the soul the spiritual body — perfect in all its parts — clothed upon with the natural body, we have a basis for the materialization of Moses and Elias. The Apostles saw them, as we saw the Spirits at the Eddys — except that we witnessed the materialization of many Spirits, who appeared as perfect human beings, as were any of the company present. The reanimation of dead bodies, and the materialization of disembodied spirits, ledthe Apostles to believe for a time, in the physical resurrection. Faith and Physiology have grown together, in each of the dispensations, toward a time, when none shall say, I am sick—'and neither shall there be anymore pain,' indicating that the natural body is out of order — Divine Order. After the temptations of Jesus, '' he went about all Galilee, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom and healing all manner of sickness and all manner of disease among the people. And his fame went throughout all Syria; and they brought unto him all sick people, that were taken with divers diseases and torments, and those that were possessed with devils, and those which were lunatic, and those that had the palsy; and he healed them. And there followed him great multitudes of people from Galilee and from Decapolis and from Jerusalem and from Judea and from bevond Jordan.' Matt. 4: 23-25. This was the good he did. It was practical. 'After the baptism which John preached, God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power; who went about doing good and healing all that were oppressed of the devil' Acts 10: 37, 38. He contended against the actual existing evils of society, by which his people — the Jews — were afflicted. ' Ought not this woman, whom Satan hath bound, lo! these eighteen years, be loosed from this bond on the Sabbath day? ' Luke 13: 11-16. His mission was to destroy the works of the devil — diseases — the result of Mosaic sins. 'When a strong man armed keepeth his palace his goods are in peace; but when a stronger than he shall come upon him and overcome him, he taketh from him all his armor wherein he trusted, and divideth his spoil.' Luke 11: 21, 22. Even the Gentiles were allowed to gather the crumbs that unbelieving Jews had carelessly thrown away. Jesus and Disciples went all through the cities of Judea. If there be no gift of healing, not under law, we see how much we have got to learn. May we not say with the poet, the proper study of mankind is man ? The same power of organization, or clothing, that could reanimate the whole body of a dead person, or that can clothe the whole soul with a natural body, as in materialization, could restore any one part of the physical body, that was apparently missing, or repair one that was deranged or disorganized. For we must constantly bear in mind that the spiritual body is whole — perfect. How often, persons, who have had a limb amputated, assert that they feel it to be there as real as ever. Hence faith, in the patient, to take on materialization, is almost, if not quite, a necessity. And that faith — the vitalizing element in the gift of healing — should rest in God, as the source of all good.