REVERIE, OR VISION At an early hour of the morning — while the dew was yet upon the tender grass — my spirit seemed to take flight and wing its way over hill and dale. The birds were singing merrily, — the air was filled with sweet melody,— and my mind was replete with heavenly sensations. At length, I seemed to near a beautiful grove, surrounded by hills; and my angel guide, who had accompanied me, said, ' The name of this place is Canaan.' I there saw stately forest trees — wild flowers — bubbling rills ; and every thing around appeared green and living, and filled with the spirit of praise. I was charmed with the beauties above me, and on every side, and I exclaimed, 0 beautiful land of Canaan! what glory do I behold in thee ! I was lost in admiration. All was calm. A holy stillness seemed to pervade, as if angels bad descended to bless ; and in gentle tones they whispered, ' This is hallowed ground ! ' And they spread a covering over the consecrated spot, as if to shield from the scorching rays of the sun, and protect from storms that might arise. As I stood gazing, I heard something that sounded like the tramping of horses' feet, and of chariot wheels — then the footsteps of an army followed— and anon, I beheld beautiful forms, and bright faces, and heard voices. I listened to catch the sound. They were not strange voices to me, I recognized most of them ; and learned that some of the goodly shepherds from the Mount, had come down with their flocks, that they might feed in green pastures, and rest at noon-day. One could hardly refrain from calling to mind the words of the prophet Jeremiah, when he foretold the return of Judah, and Jerusalem from captivity, and God would accomplish the good thing that He had promised. ' The Branch should grow up unto David, and judgment and righteousness be executed in the land.' Then, He would bring health and cure to Judah and Jerusalem, and the scattered flocks should be gathered, and again pass under the hand of the prophets. And they should dwell in safety; the voice of joy and gladness would be heard; the voice of the bridegroom and bride ; and the voice of them that say — praise the Lord. Again, as I looked upon the dear ones in human form, I said, ' These must be numbered with some of the fairest flowers that ever bloomed on Zion's soil; here too, are many opening buds of promise.' Parents and children have here joined hands, and each has a blessing for the other. Early vows of consecration,—to live innocently before God, and all the brethren and sisters — are renewed. All speak peace, courage and strength, the one to the other, and point out the shining way of purity which leads up to the golden gates of the city of God, No uncleanness — nothing that is false — that would create strife and division, and hurt or harm in this holy mountain of God, which rises above all other hills, will be suffered to pass through those gates. While I was listening to the sweet strains of music, a voice said to me, ' Contrast the two planes of life — the natural and the spiritual. By the fruits produced, you may know them. One is light — the other — dark. They who sow to the fleshly lusts of generation, from that source reap corruption and sorrow. While those who lay down their selfish, carnal lives, and sow to the spirit, reap joy — peace — and life everlasting.' It would be vain for me to undertake to narrate all the interesting incidents — pleasant scenes — instructive lessons, and soul communings, which I saw, heard and felt, while I tarried with the lovely company in that goodly land. When my guide reminded me that the day was far spent, and that other duties required my attention, I reluctantly said, ' Farewell.' And as I wended my way homeward, I remarked, ' Science, theology, and all branches of literature which tend to uplift humanity, have my high esteem and appreciation. But the lessons that I have studied and learned to-day, are dearer to me; for they are so simple, direct and truthful, that they come right home to the soul. They are sweet, like angel music to the ear, — and balsam to the heart. The richest tones of music that I ever heard, were the effusions of hearts and voices, whose lives were in harmony with truth, and one continual song of praise to God. Mary A. Grillespie, West Gloucester, Me.