Editors of Shaker and Shakeress : The writer, as you are aware, is an outsider. He, nevertheless, takes an abiding interest in the great work of love and wisdom you appear to be prosecuting with steadily increasing vigor. I have read every line of your last issue with interest and admiration — I hope, with present and future intellectual and spiritual profit. I congratulate you on the remarkably high standard of literary merit your publication has attained, treating subjects of the highest practicable moment to the great human family of to-day. The last number, especially, is rich in important matter. Your articles on the vital subject now demanding and arresting the attention of the civilized, world, yet to play so important a part in its higher evolvements, are masterly in a high degree — vigorous, but in the Christ Spirit — evincing a cool, but determined championship for the truth. When soldiers of this campaign, their leaders paralyzed, demoralized, desert the ground already won, you step forth alone, renewing the attack vigorously and persistently. Then there are the excellent, the meritorious articles of your outside correspondents, evidently the productions of men of noble hearts and bright intellects, earnest co-workers with God in his evolving work for the elevation of the race. The article entitled ' Gospel Travail' is beautiful in its simplicity and practical bearing on our every-day life. It is a subject of vast import, not to your people only, but to all people. It demonstrates the necessity of looking well to thought, as the source of feeling, word and action. The article entitled 'A Happy New Year,' teems with sound, practicable ideas, creditable alike to the head and heart of the writer. They are specially intended for the young of your Order. They are of vital importance to young and old of all Orders. The Editress gives a clear, well thought-out essay, as are all her articles, evincing a philosophic mind and catholic, Christ-like spirit, a guarantee of the capabilities of the sex, for the special work the redemption of the world requires of them. The subject is of vast importance to the public at the present time. Of the ' Influence of Kindness,' ' Contribution,' and other articles, as of the Poetry and Music, much might be said to their credit. I hope your interesting little periodical will go on. Its influence is beginning to be felt. It promises to become an acknowledged leader in the labor of Wisdom and Love for Human Elevation. You stand on vantage ground, high as are the heavens above the earth — not inspired by the mighty dollar, but by the mightier Wisdom and Love — the Sublime Centre of all vitality. Yours, with admiration and love, Robert Stephens