Great health revival... [From the Oneida Circular.] THE GREAT HEALTH REVIVAL. 'When he had called unto him his twelve disciples, he gave them power against unclean spirits to cast them out and to heal all manner of sickness, and all manner of diseases.' Matt. 10: 1. His command to them was: 'Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give.' Matt. 10: 8. This was evidently a commission to do all that he himself had done. Mark says: 'He called unto him the twelve, and began to send them forth by two and two; and gave them power over unclean sjnrits.' Mark 6: 7. Afterward Mark says: '' They went out and preached that men should repent. And they cast out many devils, and anointed with oil many that were sick, and healed them.' Mark 6: 12, 13. Luke says: '' Then he called his twelve disciples together, and gave them power and authority over all devils, and to cure diseases; and he sent them to preach the kingdom of God, and to heal the sick. Luke 9: 1,2. 'And,' (he adds), ' they departed and went through the towns preaching the gospel and healing everywhere.' v. 6. At a later period Jesus organized a second mission of seventy disciples, and sent them into the field with the same power and the same instructions. It is probable that this movement was made when the demand for healers, excited by the previous labors of Jesus and the twelve, had reached a pitch of fervor that went beyond all possible supply: for Luke says: '' After these things the Lord appointed 18 SHAKER other seventy also, and sent them two and two before his face into every city and place whither he himself would come. Therefore said he unto them, The harvest truly is great but tlie laborers are few.' Luke 10: 1-9, as though the great crisis of the revival had come, and he had but a meagre force of seventv men to send into it. His instructions to these missionaries were, as before, '' to heal the sick in every city.' And, 'they returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even the devils are subject unto us through thy name.' We have now before us the outlines and superficial elements of the Great Health Revival, from which we are to form a conception of its dimensions. The time of the whole movement was about three years. That Jesus worked steadily at his business of healing, up to the very last day of his career, is evident from the message he sent to Herod just before his final arrest: '' Go tell that fox, Behold I cast out devils and I do cures to-day and to-morrow, and the third day I shall be perfected.' Luke 13: 32. The Great Health Revival was enacted in all the important cities and villages of Galilee, Samaria and Judea, and extending to the regions beyond Jordan on the east, and even to Tyre and Sidon on the north. Among the towns, expressly mentioned, are Jerusalem, Capernaum, Jericho, Cana, Bethany, Bethsaida, Sychar, Nazareth, Nain, Cesarea, Philippi, Dalmanutha and Decapolis. The excitement caused by his cures extended far beyond the scene of his personal labors. It is said, for instance, that '' his fame went throughout Syria;' and again, that great multitudes sought him out, when he was preaching and healing at a certain place, and '' followed him from Galilee and Judea, and Jerusalem, and from Idumea, and from beyond Jordan, and they about Tyre and Sidon.' Thus we cannot estimate the extent of the region covered by the Great Health Revival as less than the whole of what is now called Palestine, including Idumea on the south — a total area of more than 11,000 square miles. It is about 200 miles long and 60 broad. It had a population of 6,000,000, which is nearly double the present population of the State of New York. How often the evangelists repeat that he healed '¦'¦all manner of sickness,' '¦'¦all sick people taken with divers diseases and torments, every sickness in all villages and cities,' '' the lame, the blind, the dumb, the maimed.' The diseases specially named in the lists of his cures, are leprosy, palsy, fever, dropsy, blindness, deafness, demoniacal possession, lunacy, chronic issue of blood, withered hand, and death itself. Knowing, as we do, the infinite miseries of disease, and the enormous amount of human desire that is everywhere groaning for just such medical help, we must imagine, as well as we can, the height and depth and length and breadth of the life-commotion in Palestine, which we call the Great Health Revival.