LIVING TRUTH It is one of the peculiarities of literature, to continue in use certain phrases, full of ambiguities and indecision. Living truth is not intended as the opposite of dead truth, for there can be no such idea existing. What then is the best definition of Living Truth ? If a definition of truth is the absence of all that is erroneous, we, taking as the standard of judgment, the highest, brightest light in our souls, will find that life is truth; and that truthful life is not an ambiguity. Truth can have no better illustration than the continual relinquishment of our errors. The relinquishment of wrong, however, does not necessitate a positive advance in the right. Take the Spiritualists, for instance, some of the errors that have been popularly idolized in Babylon, are rejected with alacrity by them and none are more unhesitating in their denunciation. The furniture that decorated the past temples of worship, is less than useless in the present degrees of light. The Spiritualists have not accepted some advanced truths, with nearly the eagerness, that they have forsaken the man-made theologies. Our God is a most reasonable being. We feel that ere he calls souls to come up from the greatest of Babylons —churchal theologies — there is already prepared a home for their reception, replete with substantial truth. And ere the good Father and Mother ask them to forsake the old arks of unwholesome doctrine, they have prepared new mansions there, and new food for spiritual progress. Any thing that is living grows into something better; and living the truth, necessitates something more than the cessation of doing erroneously. That Jesus, under Christly instruction, was ' the possibility of the race, made real: ' the embodiment of truth in his personal character — let us not doubt, until we can find a better— ' I find in him no fault,' — said Pilate, faultless the exemplification of truth. If the life of Jesus is the best mode of truth now known, have we not the key to unlock the secret, — what is living truth ? Our ships must each have rudders. Let Christ be the light of our passage o'er the sea of life, and in seasons of darkness and storms. We have forsaken, may be, forever, the old theologies of error. But have we got out from Babylon, or do we rest dabbling with muddy waters between two shores, the old and the new ; little thinking1 that the waves on either side are held providentially open for our safe transit into Canaan? And now, the waves are closing ; and myriads, who have heard the call: 'Come out from her my people!' are going down with the Goddess of lusts, occupying their heavens, and with the carrion of Egyptian flesh-pots sticking fast in their teeth. Such have denied and do deny truth in their lives. Truth has a living expression ; and we are more than once dead, if we do not give that expression, a growing illustration in our lives. Christ is that expression, and whoso lives as did the spiritual Jesus, and the converted Ann, will be a living demonstration of the truth — 'a living sacrifice ' unto every unspiritual thought, word and deed. It is a fact to be gloried in, that such multitudes have left the old arks of Babylonish theologies ; yet it is a fact to be mourned, that such have made so little difference in their lives as to be any thing rather than a living representative of truth — any thing but a standing rebuke to the multitudes of former associations. Sufficient light has been shed upon us, to lift our characters to the heights whence Jesus was lifted up. Shall this light become our darkness, by neglect and disobedi ence ? Let the things and loves of the old creation be of the past. Let us be determined on a further resurrection. Let purity, peace, brotherly love, equality with ' unspottedness from the world ' be a reality unceasing within us, then shall we, too, be 'without fault,' and enjoy that unperishable reward—the happy consciousness of doing right, by living the truth. To see the right and to do it, to know the truth and to live it ; to discover the wrong and rebuke it, to hear duty's voice and obey it, to meet the world and shame it, to feel the cross and love it, to rise above passion and rule it, and to love Christ's life as to die to self daily — these call for martyrs in the cause of Truth, equal to any that grace the history of the past. And yet what will humanity not do for the truth ? Will they not preach, pray, write and fight for it ? Will they not die for it ? More, will they not do any thing and every thing for it, before they will live for it f Let us have a change. Let us commence by living the truth, and then Living Truth inerasably affixed to our banners, will comprehend every thing else. G. A. Loomis, Shakers, N. Y.