THE BALANCE-WHEEL OF SHAKERISM As machinery cannot run with safety without a regulator, in like manner religion of whatever class, kind, or character, cannot retain a uniform progress without some governing power. Well may ' the children of this world' (the natural order) wonder that the Shakers are enabled to investigate the realities and nature of the ' manifestations ' now being produced under the name of ' Spiritualism,' without being ' led astray' by their ease-attracting doctrines. And they have good reasons to wonder, for daily they perceive the more considerate and liberal minds, among their adherents, leaving the fear of God which the fear of hell prompts, and cleaving to the love of God, as advocated by this philosophy or science of spirit-life. Our warning, to all souls, not established on any particular basis, is, look at the balancewheel whieh governs the Shaker's faith — examine its stability — see if the rock purity is not firm enough to sustain the Christian church. Those fire-tried souls have passed through the refining furnace — soul travail — which removes every dross. Inviolate purity is the basis of true Christianity. Upon this basis Jesus established the Pentecostal Church, Hence, all organizations, not on this foundation, whether bearing the name Christian, or not, are ' founded upon the sand '— the perishable and ever-changing elements of the mundane sphere — subject to 'fallings off' identical with the Jewish nation and religion, as illustrated by their biblical records. After the fall of the first Adam we see that mankind were governed by warlike gods (or controlling spirits), and that a miserable state of things existed, until holy angels, from the Christ, or inner heavens, found One fit to receive their ministrations, and resurrected Him into that ' pure and undefiled' state, peculiar to their sphere, thus making Him a new creature in Christ, and a Saviour of lost and deluded souls — not like the first, or natural Adam, the increase being, this time, to ' multiply and replenish' Heaven, instead of the earth, with souls ' refined and purified by the blood of the lamb'—the life-blood element of virgin purity—by which souls are washed ' whiter than snow.' Jesus aspired to the conditions which find favor with God and the holy angels. Single-handed (physically), for a season, he fought the prince of the power of darkness — Lust. Afterward, he gathered unto himself, with the aid of his spirit attendants, a few companions, lovers of pure and high-aspiring lives, like himself. With the Christ-principle of Celibacy, for their balance-wheel, nothing earthly changed their sentiments, or retarded their spiritual progress. What sin-sick soul can reject that governing power which ' saves' from the destructive elements of a 'fast running out world 1 ' A Thomas Paine may expound upon the sectarian's Bible and gods, showing the absurdity of their claiming, for them, Divine origin. A Katie King may be exposed, Spiritualism considered a delusion and Christianity a farce. It will not affect, in the least, the eternal balance wheel of purity. The machinery of a mill might, if it had reasoning powers, believe its motive power had a balance-wheel; yet, if it did not choose to become subject to its regulating power, by being geared to it, of what use would a mere belief in its existence be ? The Philadelphia expose illustrates how great and intellestual minds may be ' run away with,' however good or honest the motives. Simply believing in the Christ principle, and pure spirits, will not save one soul from the destructive elements of impurity. Nay, if souls desire to become free from deluding spirits, let them ' gear on' to this great balance-wheel of eternal safety, for they cannot in this, or other worlds, find or substitute any other power to save them from the ' wiles of the adversary.' If purity appear to be a dangerous element, ' gear on ' cautiously at first, and try for a season, loving the good that is in your neighbor, like that you perceive in your own self. Regard all mankind as belonging to the human species. By this experiment, it lies within the power of all, rich and poor, ' without money and without price,' to examine the regulator which keeps Shakers within the bounds of their own belief, and prove the ' Infallibility' of the Balance-wheel of Shakerism. E. C. Howard, South Hadley, Mass.