SECOND THUNDER No. 2 Dear Elder John: Your reply of September 20th, to my article, is conceived in a spirit which I think is wellnigh perfect. That Believers ' love one another,' is an imperative command ; that they all see the same things, in the same light, at the same time, without regard to age, condition or travel, is undesirable, unattainable, impossible. The path of the right-doer is to become brighter and brighter, unto the perfect day. Being perfect in spirit will bring us, individually, to perfection in truth. As we should have no physical habits, in meats nor drinks, in gait nor dress, that we would not change for better, so neither should we have any theory, sentiment, nor doctrine&gt; which we hold as not subject to criticism, analysis, test. We can have no personal interest in error. Having this confidence in truth, we shall be as unconcerned in the fires of the most sacredly religious zeal, while it is inveighing SHAKERESS. 27 against and investigating any of our theological theorems, as we would be were they purely mathematical problems. Figures will not lie nor flatter ; and the logical result is the best result, though the old heavens fall as the result. Two extreme classes existed in Babylon — Christendom:—1st. The Orthodox, who held Jesus to be God, and God to be a Trinity, of the masculine gender, upon which ideas the divine right of kings rested, as a basis and pattern of all church and state governments ; the physical resurrection ; a second coming of the person of Jesus; and salvation, or more properly, acceptance with God, by believing certain or uncertain dogmas, without evidence or logical reason for so believing. The merit of so believing was in inverse ratio with the credibility or rationality of the thing to be believed. 2d. The Materialist, who begins life by accepting facts, sustained by evidence, utterly regardless of consequences to any system of ideas in existence. The founders of our order, in its first degree, were largely from the Orthodox classes in Babylon. It is my opinion that the founders of the second degree will be largely from the Tyndall school — the scientific, rationalistic, or materialistic classes, who constitute a horn, or power, which turns logical telescopes upon the kingdom of Antichrist—the Greek, Catholic and Protestant world, ' For God hath put it into their hearts to do his will.' They are, therefore, as much the servants of God to-day, as were Fathers William, James and Joseph, in their day. I am pleased, not a little, that you, as representative of Orthodox views, see so clearly the work of God in this new aspect; '„' Surely the Materialists were inspired to see the false foundation upon which the Dam was built.' You ask, ' Is it not possible, while stripping from the mythical Jesus the robes wherewith the Priests have clothed him, to take away what, of right, belongs to the real Jesus ? ' Not if we do no more than to reduce him to a level with his very best exponent, his glory, his other half — Mother Ann Lee. If the Father of Jesus was greater than Jesus, and his successors exceed him in good works, doing greater works than he performed, wherein is the robbery in true Believers being equal with Jesus, or in being ' perfect, even as God is perfect ? ' Jesus could not go beyond that, except by precedence. When Jesus was tempted of the devil, forty days, in the wilderness, it was like John's vision. It was not the real history of facts, as they have been transpiring from that day to this, 1874 years, but as the plan of a campaign not yet accomplished. It was as the forty years' vision of Israel in the wilderness, as compared with their historic record in Canaan. We must look to the actual succession of events, in the life and travel of Jesus, for the real temptations — the workings of Jesus' worldly nature, in its struggles and contentions with the Christspirit. I am free to affirm that he came up, step by step, through every element and principle of the generative, fighting Jews, and that in each battle fought with that old ser pent, that old dragon, the devil, while Jesus bruised the head, himself was wounded in the heel. Under the influence of religious zeal, for the honor of God and the glory of his temple, inspired by Jewish spirits, who acted upon his Jewish proclivities, he fought the Temple profaners with imchristian weapons. Wnen he rode into Jerusalem upon an ass, receiving the ovations of the people, it was held as a religious insurrection against the civil government of Rome. That caused his violent death, as ' King of the Jews,' by the Roman government. Successfully he cleared the temple of Jewish transgressors, and the Romans did not interfere. But when he arrayed the whole Jewish population of Jerusalem against the Romans, expecting to conquer by spiritual aid, he failed. Having taken the spiritualistic sword, with a view of ruling over all nations subject to Rome, he perished with the physical sword. He was not perfected in Christianity until after his ascension. ' Jesus was not yet perfected,' or risen in the Christ Resurrection. He was tempted to become a judge, or divider, just as we are; he was tempted to marry, and did actually attend a wedding.which no true Believer would now do. As Jesus was first—trod the wine-press alone — had each principle of Christianity to define and locate, is it not glory enough that he succeeded as well as he did. From a sincere, zealous, God-fearing Jew, with the substratum of a natural man, he became, by travel — learning by his own mistakes — a Christian, the last we hear of him. From a sincere, zealous, God-fearing Gentile Anti-christian, from the Orthodox extreme of Babylon, Mother Ann became, before she died, a pretty good Christian, a Shaker, to be perfected, like Jesus, in the eternal world. In how few points we differ, and in how many we agree. In admitting that the Apostles did believe the physical resurrection, and in the physical resurrection of Jesus, just as I do, one point of agreement is gained. In admitting that Elijah and Jesus had brought back the departed soul into the body, is not the principle I advance recognized ? It makes the return of Jesus possible and natural. ' The spirit of truth searcheth all things : yea, even the deep things of God.' All who returned to the body, like Lazarus and Jesus, died again. This physical resurrection was a sign to the natural people who witnessed it. These signs shall follow them that believe. ' They shall heal the sick, raise the dead.' But the healed will again be sick, and the resurrected will die once more. The evidence is the same, that physical bodies have really passed through matter, as it is that spirits have been materialized. F. W. Evans