DEATH OF THE PHARISEE Pastor, and deacons, and members were there, The church tower was just in sight. And the pharisee gave them his last proud prayer From lips that were deadly white. He spoke of the good that the blood had done That was spilt upon Calvary's tree, Of the godly race which his feet had run — Of his deeds of charity. And he thanked the Lord again and again, With a pious befitting look. That he was not like unto other men, But was led by the Holy Book. And pastor, and members, and deacons groaned, To God let the praise be given ! The Crucified also for us atoned, And we shall be with him in heaven. But the pharisee saw through the veil of death An angel of truth draw near, And he wildly struggled and gasped for breath, For his soul was struck with fear. And the angel said with a startling voice, Do you think that your shams will win ? Can your spirit in light of life rejoice, When yours is a burden of sin? But they tenderly bolstered the pharisee up To give him the holy bread, And they brought him with care the communion And then stood amazed at his dread. [cup. O,why do you bring me the wine? he said, For drunkards my eyes can see, That unto its treacherous tide have fled Prom a woe that was wrought by me. They were the hopeful, trustful men, Who thought my profession true, But just by the turn of my crafty pen Black ruin their fortunes knew. O, take from my sight the children's food That I stole from the widow's hand, Their father had call'd me his kinsman good, And left me his helpless band. Now I must meet with that humbled face, Distorted by want and crime, Their mis'ry their deep hidden anguish trace, As I pass from the shores of time. And look! do you see in your crowded street The outcasts that wander there ? Do you know their young hearts, once pure and Were wreathed with parental care ? Lsweet, But I gathered them into my lustful arms, By wiles that a fiend might hate. And I robbed them of more than youthful charms, But repentance has come too late. And the angel said with uplifted hand, Let all be warned who hear, For that is the guilt that gives the brand Which will hardly disappear. Then the pharisee raised his dying head, And said in a bitter tone, To those who were shrinking around his bed, Can any one cast a stone ? We are alike in our worldly pride—¦ Alike in the angel's eye — Alike in the sins which I strove to hide, And alike we all must die. Then give to the flames my pompous will, And know you are dispossessed, For gain that was gotten by means so ill, Belongs to the sore oppressed. And the parson, and deacons, and members said, With many a knowing shrug, Our brother is fevered —out of his head — Physician, where is thy drug ? Or, where thy balsam of acid and gall That was a last drink of old ? But, ere he could answer their urgent call, The Pharisee's heart was cold. And they gave the pharisee burial grand, As griefless as ever was given, And published his righteousness over the land, Yet knew he was far from heaven. Cecelia Devyr, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.