FIRE ! FIRE ! ! Still another fire at the Church Family. Mount Lebanon. About 11 o'clock, Saturday, February 27, the alarm was given —the Herb House was on tire. It proved to be in the Press room __was supposed to have caught from a lamp, used to seal papers, and left burning. The fire was extinguished in about half an hour, with slight damage. Two hours later, the alarm sounded again. The same building was found on fire, in three different places, in an upper room. No exertions could save the building. All efforts were directed to keep the barn and shed — but a few rods distant — from taking fire. The shed was connected with the Herb House, by gangway. This was cut away. Henry A. Tilden, who, before, was so efficient in saving the Meeting House, was soon on the ground, with a large fire engine, on wheels. By the most heroic and determined effort of himself and men, this building was kept from the flames. Brother Daniel Offord, with another company and small water engine, was equally successful in protecting the big barn. In both cases, the heat was so intense, and the danerer so imminent, that the actors had to be covered with carpets and kept wet, to prevent them from taking fire, with the buildings. To the stillness of the day, the well arranged, orderly operations of the managers and their co-workers, we attribute the preservation of surrounding property. As it is, the loss cannot be less than $50,000. We feel under the deepest obligations of gratitude, to all our neighbors, who, as was well said, could not have shown more interest, had the property been their own. Especially is this true of H. A. Tilden, his sons and workmen. Pittsfield was telegraphed, and their fire brigade again crossed the mountain. Had either of the buildings, which so narrowly escaped, caught fire, the Pittsfield company would have been in the nick of time to do service, to the full extent of their capacity. To say we appreciate the Pittsfield sacrifice, on our behalf, in this emergency, would be but a feeble expression of our feelings of relief — knowing that sucli help was so near at hand — when, without it, so many buildings would have inevitably burned, had the fire taken at either of the three threatened points.