SELF-COGNITION ' Knowledge occupies its place in the mind j and a force, even to the moving of mountains, is therein, forthwith generated.' In the above quotation, let us suppose the noted author, A. J. Davis, referred directly to a knowledge of individual selfhood—the body and the soul and their proper relations, the one to the other -— calling one the house, the other the inmate. Correct knowledge of material things, teaches the architect to plan and build his house with reference to the protection, comfort and convenience of the person, who is to inhabit it. He is careful to see that it is well constructed, that it may afford a pleasant retreat from the scorching rays of the summer's sun, and be a safe refuge from the bitter blasts of the winter's storm. He gives particular attention to ventilation, knowing that the house must breathe, if the inmate would live. The individual, who inhabits the dwelling, should possess sterling worth, moral, intellectual, and spiritual, so as to be able to cooperate with every true principle, that the house may be kept in order and not become foul; and at an early period begin to show signs of decay, creating unharmonious relations between it and its occupant — and the once beautiful tenement be deserted and left, either for a habitation of wild beasts, or to crumble and fall—while the tenant becomes a wanderer— disappointed — homeless and despondent. Is not this analogous to the house we live in 1 If the body, which is the dwelling of the soul, while in the earth sphere, be well constructed, and constantly guarded by hygienic laws, resisting every thing that would tend to defile, or bring premature decay upon the soul's temple, how strong, healthy and vigorous might man and woman be ! Governed by the law of use, there would be a continuous expansion of the internal forces, and the mind, ever actuated by true principles, would be a receptacle, and reservatory of natural and spiritual truth, relating to body and soul. The tabernacle would have a good foundation, and the superstructure would be grand and beautiful — an honor to the builder. Would not angels love to knock at the door of such a temple ? and would not the holy spirit delight to dwell therein, and keep alive the fires of Divine inspiration ? Without knowledge, we cannot work successfully, either on the earthly, or heavenly plane of life. Knowledge of cause and effect is essential in all the relations of life. To understand the uses of the elements of subsistence, also how they may be abused — and blessings be turned into curses — is of vital importance. The earthly man and woman should so understand the procreative laws, that they may generate healthy offspring, containing the life germs of immortal beings. And they who dwell in earthly mansions —human bodies — should study how best to preserve those bodies from blight, disease and premature decay. Therefore, ' Know thyself,' should be inscribed in letters of gold upon the tablet of the heart, and be engrafted into every fiber of the being. The present generation have entered largely into the study of self; not, however, with a view of self-discipline and culture, in the true and real -, but for the purpose of obtaining more ease, and more indulgence in those things which demoralize soul and body. 29 3O SHA.KER The power of discernment — of penetration — is requisite, that we may comprehend the motives which prompt to action. A stern^ fixed purpose, to condemn the wrong and false, and to adhere tenaciously to the right and true, is an endowment worthy the most sanguine efforts of rational intelligence. Such a controlling power is capable of ' moving mountains ' of error from the human soul, and ' casting down lofty imaginations of the heart.' By the possession of this knowledge and power, have the flood-gates of iniquity been opened to the youth of our land ! They have sought out many inventions to please and exalt themselves, and through vain imaginations have drawn pictures which are unreal — built air castles which they never reach. And some there are, who seek to evade truth; they have not the moral courage to meet it, nor honesty of purpose to obey it, even when convinced of its verity. Thus they are often slain by their own hands ; or by launching out upon uncertain seas, without fixed principles to guide them, they are driven by the strong winds of passion, until forced upon some lone and desolate island — wrecked — and left to the merciless, wild waves, to be dashed in pieces. Therefore, to know, judge and control ones self, is the most useful knowledge to possess, and the most important lesson to be learned. If we do not violate any physical law, thereby producing disease of body, nor transgress spiritual laws, which pertain to the soul's welfare, there will be no inharmony ; and we shall progress from one stage to another, in natural and spiritual things. As we ascend the ladder of truth, which reaches from earth to heaven, there will be a continual unfolding of the life germ within, until we attain unto a condition of perpetual joy, where the sun, which lights up the spiritual horizon, will shine eternally, with no dark cloud to obscure its rays. That condition will be Heaven. Anna White, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.