PERSONAL EXPERIENCE Thirty years ago, while under a religious awakening, my mind was stirred to consider the subject of Christ's second appearing, and to investigate the manner of his coming. I was convinced that the prophetic periods, concerning that event, were fulfilled, and I accepted the views of Miller for a time, and looked for the literal fulfillment of the scriptures in regard to it. At length, I learned, through a paper then published by the Shakers, called ' The Day Star,' that the second appearing of the Christspirit would be spiritual; and would be spiritually discerned by those who were looking in faith for his coming; that instead of a 'personal being, appearing in the literal clouds, in all the pomp and splendor of an earthly prince, He would appear in a cloud of witnessing saints. And, as the apostolic band was led by an ''Elder Brother, the first-born among brethren,' who were left to establish the first Christian church, after his ascension, so the cloud of witnesses that received the returning Christ, that was promised, would be led and guided by an Elder Sister, the first-born among many sisters. Thus the duality Deity — Father — Mother — God, would be represented on earth, and it would be the commencement of a kingdom of righteousness and peace that, like the ' little stone cut out of the mountain without hands, would gradually grow until it should fill the whole earth.' I found that a watching, praying band, who had looked in faith for the fulfillment of prophecy, had received according to their faith, were already in the fruition of the prophetic promises, and were living in a united body, carrying out the principles of the first pentecostal Church, bearing the insignia, Virgin Purity, Non-resistance and Community of Goods. My understanding was opened to the excellency of the work, my conscience approved, and I resolved to become a member of that body. I dissolved my connection with the church to which I had belonged, and forsook my natural kindred, for a superior heavenly relationship founded in truth and in justice. Thus, for conscience sake, I forsook all, that I might rightfully inherit the kingdom of God. I have not been disappointed. My anticipations have been realized. I found a new key to unlock bible records, and never had the scriptures appeared half so precious, clear and inspirational to me before. The Psalms of David filled me with a spirit of praise ! My mind was particularly directed to the 21st chapter of Revelations. I realized, in a measure, what it was ' to eat of the hidden manna, and to receive the white stone with a sew name (character) written therein, which no one can know save those who receive it.' I felt that I had found a people, who, by the purity of their lives, represented the number who were ' to stand upon Mt. Zion with palms of victory in their hands ; ' and by consecrating all to God, made it possible to live as do the angels, while here on earth, in human form. And while yet young in years, I gave my heart, my life to God. And I have experienced the fulfillment of that beautiful promise by the prophet Jeremiah, ' Their souls shall be as a watered garden, and they shall not sorrow any more at all;' the cause of sorrow being removed. Thus perfectly agreeing with the revelator John, ' God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes, and there shall be no more death (spiritual death being produced by sin), neither sorrow nor crying.' To be placed in a condition to practically live according to Christ's teachings, to be surrounded by brothers and sisters who are striving in all tilings to fulfill the Saviour's inj unction, ' Whatsoever ye would that others should do unto you, do ye even the same unto them,' is the greatest immunity mortals can possess. Self-discipline and self-improvement are pre-eminently our work. Thirty years of my life have been given to self-culture and reformation. I find it a noble work, and the most effectual way of helping to reform others, and I do not grow weary in well doing. Mary Middleton, Union Village, Ohio