CONSERVATISM AND PROGRESS Conservatism — the preservation of the good of the past — is the Mother. Progress — the reaching up for increasing good—is the Child of that Mother. As sensible would it be, for the Mother to manacle the Child, to prevent its learning to walk, as for those who received the latest — the greatest manifestation of Divine Light and Life, to endeavor to scotch the wheels of the car of progress — and as sensible, as for the child to call its mamma naughty names, for holding it by the waistband, to prevent its tumbling down and bumping its little nose, as for such as get hold of a new idea, to speak naughtily of every idea, not hammered out on their anvil. Alas for poor, unprogressed humanity! In all ages of the past, they, to whom Heaven has vouchsafed its latest favors, seem inclined to drive a stake and say:'' Wo to the infidel, who has the presumption to say, This is not the center of the Universe.' And they, who have the presumption to make the sublime discovery that there is no top to the ladder of progress, are much disposed to underrate or repudiate the equally important, for the day, sublime discoveries of their predecessors. Will it always be so ? We trow not. What the ground of our hope ? Looking through the long, prophetic glass, we behold, in the vastly remote future, a time, when Religion will begin at the right end — when humanity will make the important discovery, that what enters in at the mouth defiles the man, not much less than that which cometh out. If the Soul be the Tabernacle of the Living God, and the Body be the earthly house of this Tabernacle, why should not that which goeth in at the mouth of the earthly house, with the assent of the Tabernacle, produce its effect on the Tabernacle ? If what enters the mouth be unphysiological — deleterious, or stimulating to the animal appetites and passions, beyond the soul's highest perception of right — there will be no necessity for God to perform the drudgery of destroying the defiler of that Temple. Less than a hundred years ago, souls might preserve their form erect, before high heaven, by bearing tbe cross against the flesh, which then meant abstaining from the abuse, and use of the powers of generation — the first principle of the doctrine of Christ — the first round in the ladder of progress — the Resurrection. Now, an increase is called for — an advance movement. The call is, Come up higher. Whether you eat, drink, act, think or feel, let all be to the honor and glory of God and the good of humanity. Be pure — in all things be pure. If you would be pure in heart, be pure all through and through. Let there not be a dark spot about you. O. P.