A writer in the 'London Magazine' says that men like Tyndall and Huxley... A writer in the 'London Magazine' says that men like Tyndall and Huxley, Spencer and Darwin, with the terrible weapons of their materialism do but break down an old and much battered idol which has long been the cause of dreadful doubts, even to its devotees, and has set religion and science at bitter variance. But in breaking down the idol they are doing us the greatest service. They are letting in the light; they are leaving us face to face with a conception of God before hidden from us by our idol, but which presents him to us not only in a form which science will allow, before which, indeed, science and religion become one, but in a form which is immeasurably grander, more beautiful, and every way worthier of God than that which has been broken down. Let us clearly recognize that when TyndaH claims for matter that it is sufficient for every thing, he is not thinking of matter as that dead, brute thing which the mass of men suppose it. To him as to Herbert Spencer, matter is but the manifestation of a Great Entity in itself unknown and unknowable. It is but the garment of what Tyndall calls the great cosmical life — the great life of the cosmos— the universe. What is this Great Entity, what is this Great Cosmical Life but the Eternal God Himself, of whom, and through whom, and to whom are all things, who ' besets us behind and before' and ' in whom we live and move and have our being? ' The Sons of Rechab were blessed of God, be cause they carried out certain principles, enjoined by their father. The blessing was not upon the thing done or not done, but upon the integrity of intention and the fixity of purpose — invaluable elements in the work of redemption from wrong habits and evil purposes. Among the Editoks.—As a scholar among school-masters, or a child with adults, so do I learn from the Editors whom I visit. Editors of leading papers occupy responsible positions, requiring nerve and wisdom, a discriminating liberality toward the representatives of the people, as a whole, not omiting any integral element, party or sect. The real editor rises above his individuality into the realm of causation, where he educates and guides the public conscience.