SPIRITUAL CABINET Captious investigators of Spiritual phenomena have made great outcries about the 'dark circles,' and serious objections to the '' medium's cabinet,' I think unwisely so. Jesus touched the law, when he said, '' When thou prayest, enter into thy closet, shut the door, and thy Father, who seeth in secret, better than in outward light, shall respond to thee openly — externally.' The Soul — the real man or woman — has but one set of senses. If these are acting through the bodily organs, upon things of external nature, they are turned away from the objective realities of the inner Spirit world. Stillness — Quaker retirement — waiting upon God — is as necessary to those who would become Spiritual-minded, as that a person wishing to go east, should turn his or her face from the west. In the early stages and phases of spiritual development, this retirement is indispensable. As communications become established, faith increased, and the power of mediumship multiplied, the currents from the inner world, more readily overbalance the earth currents of thought, motive and self-interest. Some self-possessed persons can, like Horace Greeley, carry on conversation, and write editorials, at the same time. That is not the rule. Secrecy has its proper function, as in giving alms, in Spirit communion, and in many of the most important functions of animal economy. The heart is a somewhat important organ, but the less sunlight shines upon it, the better for the rest of the members. Among the Jews, the Ark was a hiding place for sacred things. It was kept in the Holy of Holy places '' There will I meet with thee and there will I commune with thee, from between the cherubim,' — was the arrangement of the Jewish God — and that was the most private — secret — sacred place, in the whole nation. It was where the outward and inward worlds touched each other. There may be condescension by materialization, but the Law remains — that a Cabinet is congenial to the feelings, and useful, as a meeting house, both to Mediums and Spirits. A Shaker Society is a Spiritual Cabinet, to the outside world. We go out, and retire back again, to renew our strength. There are Thomases who need external manifestations to convince and satisfy them. They believe from that kind of evidence. They need it. Another class believe, from a higher and more spiritual kind of evidence. More blessed are such. They are on a higher plane—further progressed. SEC^lKER A.JSTD SH^KERESS.