Mt. Lebanon, Feb. 1, '75 Orrin Shipman — Esteemed Friend: Your letter, of January 25, is before me. In a former letter, July 14, I believe I answered the queries contained in your last. Should you again cast your eye over that, I think you will perceive what my present answer must be. As I understand the subject, our difference is not of opinion merely, but radical. The Christ-spirit, as manifested in Jesus, exhibited Shakerism. Jesus and company constituted a community, which was, to pentecostal organization, like the tabernacle of the wilderness to the first temple built by Solomon. In that temple, Jews alone resided. In the court of that temple, Gentiles could bring their offerings, and worship the God of the temple, through his own priesthood, the Jews. Thus was it with the Gentile Christians, the seven churches of Asia and their descendants, the marrying, fighting, private property-holding religionists of the whole world, whether called Christians, Mahometans, or heathens ; principles being universal as are characters formed by principles. The seven women, who desired to eat their own kind of food, wear their own kind of clothes and do as they had been accustomed to do, but be called by a certain name, were the religionists — children of this world — who marry and give in marriage. This Gentile order, joined to the monastic, or temple order, who lived Shaker lives of celibacy, constituted the first Christian church that is now occupying the ground in Christendom, practicing generation, while holding celibacy to be the higher life — the purer Christianity -— practicing war, while recognizing ' return good for evil,' as a Christian requirement. Buying and selling, for personal acquisitiveness, the rule, community the law. We claim that Christ, having reappeared in humanity — this time in a woman — established a Christian church, in practice, as well as profession — a Shaker community. Not a tabernacle that is movable, because in persons not yet organized; nor yet a temple with a court to it; but a second temple, more perfect than the first; a house of prayer for all nations, tongues and peoples, where the spiritualminded can be gathered together, in the true Christ order, in the kingdom of Heaven that is not of this world, nor does it allow such as serve the tabernacle, or the temple with a court to it, to have part or lot in the matter. This leaves the children of this world to form civil governments, entirely unmixed with theology, or any form of religious profession, as religion is commonly understood. These two orders are being evolved out of existing elements. Henceforth there will be no peace in the Shaker order, except so far as it shakes itself from worldly elements and practices; and there will be no peace in the civil governments, except so far as they deal justly, love, mercy and obey the laws of property, propagation and physiology, as contained in the original abstract law of God, in nature pertaining to the life that now is, not interfering with the faith and duties of the resurrection order — the true church — temple of humanity — Shakerdom.