CONSERVATISM Conservatism — the desire and effort to preserve what is established — and Radicalism—• progress toward abstract ideas — are considered antipodes. Yet they balance reason on the line of truth. Instead of considering their relationship as brotherly and sisterly, the majority of those who think at all, take sides with one, as opposed to the other; and as a consequence, reason is unbalanced, and loss is the result. To conservatives, radicalism is the evil sprite of humanity; to radicals,there is no worse enemy to the race than conservatives. Properly considered, these are unjust conclusions. There is nothing strange, in the fact, that ' New Lights,' in all eras of the religious world, have considered the systems discovered by them, to be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. Yet, these same individuals, who are thus, and now most radical, are destined to become, in their turn, the rankest conservatives of the coming era. Evolution laughs and says, 'To the better hold fast.' This is ever the song of reason. The comparative degree of good, is better; and when this is attained, we leave the good of the past, and cling tenaciously to the superlative as soon as it appears. By this, I am persuaded, how we may ' leave the first principles, and go on to perfection ;' condemning no good of the past, neither rejecting any superior injunction for the future. If we. say we have all truth now, how can it be, that ' of the increase of the gospel there shall be no end ?' By assuming this position, we become bigots, and the good of conservatism is neglected. We should then argue, that any amendment suggested, was an invitation for the visitation of added plagues; while any proposed subtraction, was worthy of the judgment of blotting out one's inheritance in God forever! No one desires these. But is this the position of reason ? This idea of sufficiency, carried out, would turn back the wheels of time and progress for two thousand years, and teach a savage life. Under its rod of iron, we would not dare to say what we know to be true. We would not dare to do what we know to be right; because of selfadulated conservatism. Evolution is the keyword of progress — the forerunner of ' the good time coming.' Her legitimate children, are, additions to genuine revelation. When we investigate the matter closely, we see that God has so beautifully organized creation, that no two shall be, nor act, nor think, identically, yet none need swerve from the harmonious law, which is all truth. If I think a truth that is new, and each, of many, does the same, we have many truths all new; and though differing in their aspects, each and all belong to the heavenly law of spiritual progress. There are, to-day, no more staunch subjects of radicalism, than the whole body of Believers called Shakers. In their testimony against all fleshly lusts ; in their resurrected life, above, even the good and best of generative men and women, they stand as reformers before the world to-day, even as Jesus did before his nation—the Jews. Let us hold fast to this — let 'no surrender' to any departures from virgin lives, for a moment, be considered. But is not the best of the land yet before us ? Let not our testimony and life against fleshly lusts, begin and conclude our whole mission ; for is not the gospel, the power of God unto an increasing salvation, for soul and body, and for the body first 1 Every Shaker is praiseworthy for rebutting the least ' shadow of turning,' by any, from the spirit to the flesh. Such instances there have been among us, and may yet be ; and such will be anathema, without our cursing them. But let us not stop here. Believers are now far in advance of their predecessors, in their physiological habits ; and are, in that same degree, advanced in spirituality. If we would be more spiritual, let us aim to be more rational and perfect, physically ; and think not, that the gospel is to work our salvation in one part of our systems and not in another. Israel stoned her prophets. We may have done, and may still be doing the same thing and conscientiously too, thinking our conservatism godly! While we are contending for first principles, we are rejecting weightier matters of our spiritual law. Neither is our theology perfect. Let not the jealous guard we put over it, cause us to close the doors to as perfect revelations as have ever been delivered. That the world made a god of Jesus, and for a purpose, is well known by us, as is the object of this elevation. The worship of Jesus as a god savors of self-worship and indulgence ; not of an unreserved consecration of self to God. To worship Jesus, for living a life of godliness, and ridicule others, for living the same life, shows a want of sincerity. The time has been when conservatism would hardly permit us to think that Jesus was ever a Jew; and even now, there is sufficient antichristianity left, to chasten us, if we presume that Jesus acted like a Jew before he became a Christian 1 This is irrational conservatism— it does not conserve. Our inclinations would lead us to stereotype our theology, even as ia done by the worshipers of Jesus and Mary. We would incline to disbelief in present revelations; to an insufficiency of painstaking, to prove the truthfulness of these revelations before condemning them. Let us reflect. Our mission on Mount Zion is to be ' exalted above all the hills that surround;' and yet, by a 26 SHAKER A.ND false conservatism we are losing golden opportunities, and permitting the hills, around us, to excel us in many physiological, and in some spiritual adornments! Children of Mount Zion, let no one take your crown; let none possess our birthright! Why should trouble rise, when men seek truth? It does not rise when truth is sought aright. But error rules, where trouble is, and has, from trouble's earliest birth. With the All-Wise there is no trouble; all trouble springs from ignorance ; and ignorance of ourselves brings greatest trouble. It is apparent to all, my dear relation, that by our devotion to the better life of virgin purity—peace, union of interests, and unspottedness from the world, there has been no interruption of improvements since first the cause began. Since our earliest day, we have made some noble departures from the regime of our spiritual ancestry ; yet, we have conserved the vital principles. Let us still conserve these, while we make all necessary departures. From that old house, made up of logs, and roof all thatched with straw, we have happily departed. The same, of certain meats and drinks, with large benefits accruing; nor is the end of improvement yet arrived at. Tobacco, once an article of pastime for our united congregations, is under a ban — none so honorable as if they used it not. We have built schools ; and we are thoroughly ventilating our dwellings; we encourage esthetics in music, manners and literature; and we publish the Shaker and Shakeeess! To be sure, the stubborn and willful thought they saw the gospel standard lowering through these changes; but the true conservatives kissed the radicals, and exercised a healthy influence in the balances of truth. Why, then, stumble at testimonies, that are aimed for the eradication, not merely of nonessential idols, but for the real aggressors of salvation ? And why, think, by our opposition to such testimonies, that we are the conservators of everlasting principles ? I would not animadvert upon any particular habits or customs of my friends; but I do urge a more liberal comprehension of what conservatism should do for us — that we be not deceived, and remain in statu quo to our condemnation and extinction! Let us be more radically conservative; and we will be more true to ourselves, and to God; and there will be a cessation of all ignoble opposition, miscalled conservatism. There will be more of putting on the new man and woman in Christ; and the initiation of radical reforms, from customs which we well know are not only detrimental, but actually sapping the life from the foundations of our Christianity. We would uphold the hands of our prophets — not accepting their prophecies without testing them — but to be open to truth and conviction, though they hew to the line, and take from us the idols of years. May ours be a ' Midnight Cry,' and the bearer to all gospel kindred, that ' the morning dawns.' G. A. Lomas, Watervliet, N. Y.