Berlin, N. J., February 15, 1875 Dear Elder Frederick and all the Household of Faith that are with you : I feel drawn to pen you a few lines in love and sympathy. Would to Heaven I had a surplus of the almighty dollar, that I might send you material aid, in this your sore affliction. But you must accept the will for the deed. I am poor, as ever, not from idleness, nor extravagance, but on accountof the drouth and the low price of fruit. Gold and silver, I have not. Such as I have— sympathy and kind wishes — I give, in good measure, heaped up, shaken down and running over. I have spoken of the almighty dollar, for that is the greatest almighty, most people worship, to-day. They have many lesser almighties— selfishness, fleshly lusts, artificial appetites and so forth. In the midst of my poverty, I have much to be thankful for, with the Little Great Shaker and Shakeress to read. My little farm and cottage were under mortgage. Friend Joseph S. Tillinghast, of New Bedford, sent me $100. I lifted the mortgage, and now breathe easier. In the cities, are thousands, and hundreds of thousands, out of employ, and on the borders of starvation. In one of your letters to me you said,' Woe to him that standeth alone.' I do not know that I understand your meaning, but I have a meaning of my own. By standing alone, and proclaiming the truth, against the Churches, I have had their curses. I could not join them, because I could not be a hypocrite. I could not join the Shakers, whom, for forty years, I have loved, more than any other people, because I belonged to the world—my work was with the world — outside of Shakerdom— one, alone in the moutains, blasting rocks and felling tall cedars, for the House of God, that the Shakers will yet build, provided the material be not too rotten. That noble man—Elder Richard Bushnell— in his last letter to me, called H. W. Beecher a Babel-builder. That was before the great Beecher scandal was heard of ; but truer words were never written. What a Babel, Beecher, Plymouth Church and Brooklyn court are building! Jesus and Mother Ann have no hand in that Babel. When the Katie King manifestation commenced in Philadelphia, I was sure it was an imposition. I am as certain that the Eddys are impostors. But here, I am wearying your patience and wasting your precious time. Love, to you all, J. Hacker