UNION ' Behold how good and how pleasant it is, for Brethren (and Sisters) to dwell together in unity.' Psalms, 133d, 1st. 'A man, wishing to show his children the necessity of union among themselves, prepared a bundle of sticks with a strong cord. Commencing with the youngest, he requested him to break them ; he could not. The next was called, and so on up to the oldest; all failed ; upon which the father cut the cord and they were easily broken, one by one.' Union is the cord that binds, consolidates and nourishes the various members of the body of Christ, ' for we are all members one of another.' If this cord be broken, the army of the cross will be divided, scattered and destroyed, by the wicked one. Disunion is the rock on which many barks have been wrecked; but obedience to those principles which promote the '' union of the spirit in the bond of peace,' is a safe guide to the port of eternal rest. Union is not only good and pleasant, but essential to success in spiritual prosperity. The followers of Christ have a great work to do, and union is strength in spiritual warfare, as well as in military tactics. ' United, we stand ; divided, we fall.' It is a part of the plans of military officers to divide the forces of the enemy, both in the council and in the field. It is also the plan of Satan, the adversary of souls, to divide and destroy professing Christians. He has his officers out upon the watch, such as Lust, Pride, Selfishness, Love of Worldly Pleasure, and many other petty officers; and O! how many weak-minded soldiers they are capturing. I apprehend the reason why so many faint-hearted soldiers are taken prisoners is, because they have failed to gird on the whole, armor and obey all the orders of Christ, the good Commander. The true cross-bearer's life is compared to a soldier's, and they are called to war a good warfare, ' fight the good fight of faith,' and it is their privilege to rejoice in victory, every day. They have a good Captain, who was victorious in every battle, and He provides His soldiers with the beautiful armor of righteousness. (Eph., 6, 11; 13.) They who put on this armor will overcome in every encounter, and '' he that overcometh shall inherit all things.' Daniel Orcutt, Enfield., Ct.