MUSIC There is music—harmony — in all of God's creation. Through all of nature's vast realm— the great, deep, the dense forest, the wild winds — in the ripened fields of grain and flowers, in the running streamlet and birdsong, there is melody. If man and woman, who were created in honor to be the crowning, concentric work of God's hands, had abode in that honor, they would have been pre-eminent instruments of music, to whom all other forms of music would have converged and been adjuncts. No instrument of music invented by man can equal the human voice, which God created. The souls of men and women, are living organs, and may drink in inspiration, from the Almighty ; and the human voice, by the power of that inspiration, can utter music, full of life, that is saving, healing and exhilarating. That is the music which brings souls into contiguity with the angel-world. Every gift and faculty, of body and mind, if properly used, tends to harmony. Music, in Nature, is God's gift to humanity ; but it is designed to subserve the spiritual. When they are linked together, in harmonious relations, then is God honored, and humanity happified. Hearts, oppressed with sin, have often found relief, by the uplifting song of prayer and praise. When wearied with care and serving, the ever-varying musical sounds in nature's voices, soothe and give rest; and when physically diseased, or mentally depressed, music is a great restorative. We have all felt its power, more or less, and are indebted to the Giver, from whom flow all good gifts to earth's children. Soul music elevates, refines and purifies. Some persons have been heard to say, ' they were never affected to tears, but by the power of music.' Music often touches the divine feelings in the soul, and causes it to bow in humble contrition before God, the author of its existence ; and to awaken slumbering energies, stir up latent powers, call forth better thoughts and feelings, and form the basis of a purer, and more consecrated life. There is a natural connection between delightful sounds, and beautiful thoughts; but the noblest and richest of God's gifts to mankind, may be, and are, oftentimes, abused. Wre see the military hero, by the sound of martial music, inspiring his army to go forth to battle, like the infuriated demons, to wound and slay their fellows, who have never injured them. Music, both vocal and instrumental, is often used to play upon the baser passions — to allure to sin — and awaken sensual desires. Hence the vocal, musical organs, like the tongue—the power of speech — are used both to bless God, and to dishonor Him — to cultivate the religious and irreligious nature in man, and woman. We cannot be justified in rejecting, or neglecting, any gift or faculty, because at times applied to false uses. Every gift and talent may be exercised in honor of the Giver, and to the benefit of humanity, if we so will it. And the best means should be accepted to accomplish that end. To promote harmony, and exalt goodness and truth, should be our chief delight and purpose. The science of music should be studied, and the human voice cultivated, under the direction and inspiration of angelic teachers ; and whatever agencies can be applied, whether vocal or instrumental, that will lead from low loves and desires, progress humanity God-ward, and tend to sanctify their spirits — should be accepted. A deep appreciation, and enjoyment of fine appropriate music, widens our sphere of thought, quickens the emotional feelings, increases inspiration, and imparts heavenly joy. A recent writer on the subject of music says : ' We have reached a state of chaos in which music, as an embodiment of religious feeling, threatens to be entirely lost.' This ought not so to be. Science and Religion should be as nearly connected, as a healthy soul and body. It is our privilege to grow and increase in all that is good and true, and to be intelligent subjects of infinite grace. Let every heart be open to receive good from any source, and closed to all discordant sounds. Then harmony and true love will be ours, to enjoy in time, and we shall be fitted to join in those melodious strains of praise divine, which roll through the heavenly arches in the life beyond. Semantha White, Son Yea, N. Y.