FOOD Written for the Shakeress by a sister eightyfour years of age. Been a member of the Society sixty-five years. Dearly Beloved : I prize the privilege of addressing a few lines expressive of my feelings. The Shaker and Shakeress is a medium through which food is conveyed to the lambs of Christ's flock who are daily striving against evil in themselves. They need spiritual food; and I know you are inspired by the Christ-spirit to prepare such food as is needed to encourage, strengthen, and bear souls through all trials and temptations, which every one must meet while journeying, from the wilderness of sin, to the heavenly land. The work of the Gospel is designed to purify and prepare souls for higher enjoyments than nature can give — even the treasures of immortal life. The many strong, clear testimonies of truth, coming from progressed minds, and those of long experience, shed a benign influence, and give new vigor and life. 0, may it encourage others who are yet bound in darkness—the servants of sinful passions — to come forth, ' lay hold on eternal life ;' and to rise above all carnal, selfish enjoyments, which are transient and worthless ! That work can only be effected by an honest confession of all sin, and daily self-denial of every thing that would corrupt and attach the feelings to inferior objects. Those who have been the subjects of the Gospel of Christ and Mother, and have yielded obedience to its injunctions, can testify of its power and efficacy. From my heart, I thank God that I was called in .early life, to leave the paths of sin and sorrow, and take the cross of self-denial which leads to purity of life, and gives an approved conscience. Again, I say, ' I love the Shaker and Shakeress. I receive strength and encouragement from every number. May it live long — travel far and wide — and do much good to honest inquirers ! I ask God to bless your labors. My treasure — my life — my all is in the work. And that good ministering angels may guide us all in safety to mansions of peace, is the prayer of your sisA.ND SHAKEEESS. 31 ter in the Church of Christ.' And I ask for myself 0 blessed overruling Power; My every thought and act control! And in each dark and trying hour, Be thou an anchor to my soul! Let me feel thy sweet embrace — Hold me with thy mighty hand — Fill my soul with heavenly grace — Lead me to the promised land, Where the righteous dwell together, Bound by cords of love divine ; Strife and discord never enter Those pure mansions so sublime. Prudence Carnahan, Pleasant HiU, Ky.