SHAKERESS: WHAT IS MAN? A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS In view of the atomic structure of human beings when compared with the vaatness of God's Universe, David of old said, ' What is man, that Thou art mindful of him ? ' Many Davids at the present time are asking, Who, and what is man ? Whence came he — whither is he tending — what his final destiny, and what relation does he sustain to Nature's wondrous realms of mind and matter? How far is he dependent upon circumstances approximate or remote, in fixing his choice and forming his character ? Of his own volition, is he free to choose between good and evil: and what degree of responsibility, merit, or demerit, justly belongs to him? The rudimental, or earth life, is a disciplinary school; and the most wakeful students of Nature and her laws, who have chosen her as their chief mentor, have many times become lost, as it were, in traversing the almost illimitable fields of scientific research, so varied and intricate to finite comprehension. No human mind however expansive is adequate to grasp the whole. People differ in their organisms; and each, if their faculties were unimpaired by false uses, would occupy his or her proper place in the scale of being, and form a link in the great chain of human progress. Man and woman, the microcosm of the Universal mind that spake all things into existence, would, by individual and combined effort, search out the essential parts, and scientifically connect the inner world of causation with the world of matter, and perceive that all created things bear proper relations to their Creator, and form one indivisible whole. That Nature cannot act independently of the creative power which upholds and balances each part to the minutest atom. Else, all would be hurled into chaos. Every true theory must have a basic foundation — a starting point. In the progress of the world's history there have been different epochs. Each new cycle has evolved, from the old, at an exact period of time, so that the date could be fixed, and yet, there was no break in the chain of events. As the old year dies — goes out — and the new commences — steps in to fill its place—so has it been with the successive cycles. But people reason differently concerning those eventful periods. Some urge, that this world, at the beginning, was in a crude, chaotic condition ; and that it has taken ages of growth and change to progress and mature it thus far. Man has not been an exception to the general rule. All have progressed together. He was not created all at once in the perfection of beauty and uprightness ; but resembled other animals, to whom he was closely allied strong in physique — but weak in intellect. And, although in his immature infant state he possessed a negative innocence, it, like many other things, had to be subjected to trial before it could be trusted. They who reason from that stand-point, begin at the lowest round in the ladder of progression, and trace the lines upward, and claim for men and women, at the present time, superiority of intellect and knowledge, over what were possessed by those who were placed in fair Eden. Others take a different view, and begin with man as a perfect being, who, instead of his being the product of Nature through growth and development, from the lower to the higher, was an independent creation — fashioned directly by God, Himself ^ and of course was very perfect and beautiful as he came from God's hands—resembling Angels, but a little lower. By disobedience man was marred and lost his rectitude. Leaving all such theories, let us look at stern facts and realities, as we find them existing to-day. It is said that ' a stream cannot rise above its source.' In our own country and cities we see thousands of individuals, who bear the distinctive marks of their progenitors, in form, feature and habit. Education in a wrong direction, fortune, and circumstances, over which they had no control, have, in a large degree, made them what they are. The question arises, ' How far will they be held responsible for acts performed while thus conditioned ? What the penalty — and how administered? Does God inflict punishment upon any human being ? Or, being themselves debtors to violated law, which reacts upon the transgressor, does He leave them to balance accounts in that way ? ' When the ignorant sin against their own souls and bodies, they cannot escape the effects. Fire will burn, whether intentionally or accidentally applied — the effect, physically, is the same. Poverty often induces crime. Again, thirst for intoxicating drink, and desire for sensual indulgence, are often impressed upon infants while in a germinal state ; they are really made drunkards and harlots, before they see the light of day. Who in justice should bear the responsibility ? We might have to go back upon ancestral history many generations to answer that question correctly. The sinned against, in such cases, cannot avoid suffering; but inflictions thus imposed are far more tolerable to bear, than the keen remorse which those must feel, who have had superior advantages, by birth, and education, in a physical and moral point of view, also of rising in the scale of angelic life, by having their spiritual understanding opened and quickened to perceive the beautiful, the true and good. If such abuse their privilege and fall from their rectitude, how will they be acquitted by their own reason and conscience, which is, in reality, the soul's tribunal ? Paul said, 'If such fall away, it is impossible to renew them again to repentance.' We would not use so strong language as Paul did ; but rather say it is difficult for such to find repentance unto life ; and if they feel sorrow and repentance they cannot occupy the same degree as before. We can have some faint conception how the laws of progress, and change of events, may blot out from the soul's memory, sins of ignorance, and sorrows caused by the wrongs of others ; and how joy may even be enhanced, by contrasting the good attained, with the sad picture of the past; but we fail to comprehend how a star of magnitude, that has once filled a place and shone in the horizon of the spiritual heavens, and fallen therefrom, can ever regain its position. They do not need fire to descend from heaven upon them, or that God should use direct agencies of any kind, to punish them; their own consciences will arraign them to answer the demands of violated law ; and show them the worm that dieth not, and the fire that is not easily quenched.