CHARITY CHARITY is the most beautiful attribute of the soul. Not that kind of charity which displays itself in munificent gifts, without distinction or discrimination, or that censures and condemns while it gives. They, who go forth in the spirit of love, seeking to understand conditions, human frailties, and human needs, and are guided by the lamp of reason, are able to comprehend the causes which lead to error and misfortune, and will charitably aid and instruct, instead of condemning. The faculties, proclivities, and conditions of individuals, on entering this world, are not of their own choosing. They have neither choice of parentage, nationality, nor the age in which they shall live; nor even whether they shall live at all. The influences, by which they are surrounded in early life, are beyond their control, and conditions which they are forced to accept, help to mould their characters in after life. Hence, society, in a great degree, is responsible for individual action. If an individual be wanting in intellectual and moral power to resist crime, and through malice, or selfishness, commit a wrong against friend, neighbor, or stranger, is it possible to remedy that wrong by retaliation ? Is it not better to ' overcome evil with good ? ' I think we are safe in saying, that vindictive measures, for the punishment of crime, have totally failed to prevent it. ' Like, begets its like.' If we would oppose evil successfully, it must be by its opposite — the spirit and power of good. Expel darkness by the introduction of light. A prison, as a place of punishment for offenders against civil law, where they are shut in from the influence of superior minds — deprived of human sympathy — associated exclusively with evil doers, who have been schooled in vice, appears, to my mind, a disgrace to an enlightened age, and unworthy a Christian people, professing to be governed by ' Charity which suffereth long.' Would not Christian charity be vindicated and made more apparent by removing the incentives to selfish and dishonest acts — abolishing all forms of monopoly — making nature's gifts equally free to all her children ? Would it not be more effectual to convert jails and penitentiaries into reform schools — moral hospitals—where those, who need it, could have sanitary treatment, and all could feel a wholesome restraint, dictated only by wisdom and love ? The human family is inseparably bound together, each class receiving aid and instruction from those above it. Heaven's blessings pass, from sphere to sphere, through the links of the chain of gradation. And they who can extend a helping hand to those who are the farthest below them, and still maintain their own integrity, will be blest and receive strength from spheres correspondingly above them. Let light shine, and sympathy flow to all; then the sweet spirit of charity will ally us closely to the Angels whose crowning attribute is Love, 'The noblest virtue of the soul — The brightest star that gilds our skies— The fairest flower among the whole, Which blossoms in their paradise.' Emeline Broadway, Union Village, O.