SHAKERESS: THE BAPTIZED JESUS A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS One point, we take as granted, upon which all Believers in Christ's Second Appearing are in accord ; that Je3us was born a Jew ; educated and reared a Jew — the highest type of Judaism — morally and spiritually more progressed than any other of his race and was thus prepared to receive the Divine Messenger sent of God to open a new Bra, by ministering a new Holy Spirit baptism — a baptism of fire. That this Holy Spirit took up its abode with Jesus, and became his spiritual Guide and Inductor into a new Christian dispensation. The question arises in the minds of many, whether the Christ-Spirit, that descended upon him, at his baptism, took entire possession of the man Jesus, so much eo, that thence forward, every act that he did, and word that he spake, were under the full control and direction of that Spirit. The Apostles of Jesus, in their different epistles, to the Churches — to whom we give credence as truthful, and measurably inspired men — make some statements that would seem to justify investigation from honest truth seekers. The Apostle James states a self-evident axiom that ' God cannot be tempted to evil, neither tempteth he any man ;' by which we understand it was the human Jesus — not the 'divine Christ that was tempted. In Matthew, we read that after Jesus was baptized, ' he was led, of the Spirit, into the wilderness,'— does not say what Spirit — ' and was there tempted forty days and nights ;' and that he fasted during that time ; but the Apostle does not specify what the peculiar temptations were, while in the wilderness ; probably he did not know precisely. Then again, ' the devil took him up into the holy city, and set him on a pinnacle of the temple,' and conversed with him there ; and he (Jesus) told him ' It is written, Thou shall not tempt the Lord thy God ;' evidently showing that two spirits or influences were at work to gain the vantage-ground; and for that purpose the devil persevered in his efforts, and again 11 took him into an exceeding high mountain, and showed him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory thereof.' Luke states that this was done in a moment of time, if so, it must have been done in thought, and not by actual sight. Be that as it may, the writer undertakes, this time, to show something of the nature of the temptations. That Satan was very anxious — seeing the superiority of the organism of Jesus, and the force of his intellectual powers, and spiritual attainments — to thwart the design of Providence in regard to him, there need be little doubt; for Satan knew, that if he could not engage his services in his cause, Jesus would be a powerful medium to pull down and destroy his kingdom ; and thus he offered to make Jesus ruler over all those things which ho had showed to him, and tempted him with, if he would worship him. Jesus, although sorely tried, could not be bought; but said ' Get thee hence ;' and the devil fled — left him, — and Angels, or the Christ-Spirit returned to him with a renewed baptism, and gave him great spiritual power. Paul said in his epistle to the Hebrews: ' We have not an High Priest that cannot be touched with the feelings of our infirmities ;' but he was tempted in all points as we are. May we inquire by what authority the Apostles of Jesus made those assertions 1 Did lie make those statements to them, or to others ? Or did they infer from observation, or write by inspiration concerning it ? If the Apostles had not positive knowledge respecting it, did they not take an unwarrantable position when they asserted that such was the case ? Jesus, himself said, ' Be of good cheer ; I have overcome the world.' Truth will lose nothing by candid investiga. tion. We cannot conceive that it would be a mark of infidelity to Christ, or of irreverence to the man Jesus, who received the Christ baptism, if we seek to understand, whether, by that baptism, he was instantaneously lifted up above the traditional education of his Jewish fathers, who believed in war, marriage and the private property system, and practiced the same, or whether he was lifted up by degrees, and gradually emancipated; or in other words, whether he did find a degree of travail after his first baptism, and really learned obedience through suffering. If this be so, then we can approach him very nearly, and find succor; for in this also, he is our example, and can be touched with the feelings of our infirmities. We see a wide difference between Belief and Temptation. Belief is the result of evidence presented to the conscious reasoning faculties of the soul. Temptation comes through the lower passional nature in man and in woman. I do not say that Jesus believed in the physical resurrection, in war, marriage, or the private property system after his baptism. I would not be willing even to acknowledge that / have thus believed, since my first baptism into the faith of the Gospel of Christ's Second Appearing. But, the baptism into the old theology, which I first received in Anti-Christ's Kingdom, often beclouded my vision, and was an impediment in my way, and had to be outgrown. I found that impressions imbibed in early life, that had found a lodgment in the soul, would not give place to new ideas without a conflict — an effort. So, reasoning from analogy, I am inclined to believe that if Jesus was really tempted in all points, as men and women are tempted, whom he came to save and redeem, and that the Apostles, who listened to his teachings and promulgated his doctrines, were men of like passions with us, and were liable to misconceive and misunderstand — see and understand in part — then we can find a solution, and reconcile the seeming contradictions which we find in the Scriptural records. Although Jesus was greatly favored by his ancestry in his birth and education under the Essene and Platonic teachers of his time — which enlarged his powers of conception and discrimination, and prepared him to receive the heavenly Dove Spirit — yet we think he was not then fully perfected; but continued to travail and suffer, and learn obedience. Some of the Gnostics, in the early days of Christianity, taught that Christ was a mere man, born of a virgin, and excelled the prophets in virtue. They said the Apostles thus taught; but those who came after them, made a God of Jesus, who was not a God. Neither did those writers make a distinction between the man Jesus, and the ChristSpirit that anointed, or baptized him. From the earliest ages of time, of which we have any record, the great sea of human thought has been in constant agitation concerning God, his attributes and his requirements upon the race. Also, as to the quality, and potency of the Agents employed to execute his will; and how many Gods there are, either created, or self-existent. All this is well, and perhaps very necessary for the exercise of the reasoning powers in men and women; and to create a healthy action, that will mature, and advance them from childhood conditions, and give force of character and strength of mind. So long as it does not engender strife,, and lead to bitter controversy, it is pleasant to exchange thoughts. Through this medium, if truth be our aim, we sometimes drink in new inspirational ideas which give life to the soul.