FAITHFULNESS S, in all things which, pertain to the life that now is, as well as growth into the divine life, is the Christian's duty. ' If, therefore, ye have been unfaithful in the unrighteous mammon, who will commit to your trust the true riches ? ' was a sublime saying of Jesus, our Lord and Pattern. Our first parents in Shaker history, strictly enjoined the principle of Prudence, upon their followers, as essential to the Christian life. They taught that as we are dependent upon the Giver of all good, — through the natural elements — for the sustenance of life, therefore, it is a sin to waste, even a particle. They started poor in this world's goods, with neither houses, food, nor clothing, sufficient to make them comfortable. But they were rich in faith and good works. And we, by following their examples of Industry and Prudence, through years of toil, have obtained comfortable homes; but neither wealth, nor luxury connected therewith. It is a truthful remark, that no one would become rich, by honest industry alone. The various speculations which the children of this world engage in, to gain riches, are not tolerated by the teachings of Jesus, nor by the life examples of the first Founders of our institution. One of the Apostles said, 'They that will be rich, fall into a snare ; and into many hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction and perdition.' We are also admonished of the near relationship between the spiritual and the temporal; that they are connected as closely as soul and body. A healthy soul cannot exist in a diseased, sickly body ; and while the soul is tenanted in a mortal body, it must hold a strong sympathy with it; and while possessed of physical needs, those needs have a demand upon us. Our temporal possessions, which are gained by industry, and consecrated to the good of all who are striving to upbuild a second Pentecostal Church of Virgin Purity — United Interests — separate from worldly pride, and ambition — greatly enhance our spiritual advancement. In the early days of Believers, when they were scattered upon the mountains, struggling with many privations, they would, after doing a heavy day's work, often travel many miles through storm and cold, to meet, with kindred spirits, at some convenient place, and there renew their vows, and present their offerings unto the Lord. We, of to-day, experience but little of their sufferings and privations; scarcely any, until the recent catastrophe of our Sister Society, at Mt. Lebanon, which was possessed of a comfortable home ; but in a few moments all was swept away by a devastating fire! We feel a deep sympathy with our afflicted brethren and sisters, who through long years of toil and faithfulness, had built up comfortable homes for themselves and others ; so suddenly swept away in the most inclement season of the year 1 An event, which must awaken heart-felt sorrow in all who are cognizant of the facts. Though suffering be our portion, and gloomy the day that hangs over us, with renewed diligence, let us toil on hopefully — humbly and prayerfully. Harriet Bullard, Watervliet, N. Y.