CONSECRATION the varied vocations to which those are called, whose labors and interests support the isolated relationships of the natural order,— even in the most legitimate manner, are merely tithe-offering to the Supreme Being, who is Love and Harmony, in their broadest, deepest meaning. All the obligations of that relationship are ever in conflict with the expansion of soul, which reaches upward to God, and outward to humanity — which would enlarge its sphere to a universal brotherhood, for which all private interests must be renounced. As the volcanic fire, that silently, yet persistently, continues its dissolving work beneath the crust of earth steadily gathers force, then bursts forth with resistless power, often producing great changes in the surrounding surface — so we perceive, by glances over history's pages, that the power of Religion has been as a vital fire in the human heart; for a time, quietly operating within, changing, disuniting, and melting the carved images of the mind, the iron bands of creed — then, with accumulated force, breaking through the crust that theological and political organizations have formed over the soul — effecting upheavals and revolutions in the world of thought. Thus change succeeding change, wrought through the suffering witnesses for truth, has ushered in the dawn of the Millennium. The records of the past century acquaint us with the time and events of the organization of a 'new religious system — based on principles of eternal progress, in which God might have a people dwelling in a superior relationship, — wherein ^A^-offering would give place to full consecration of the whole being to His service, for the blessing of humanity, in a life free from all bands that fetter the soul, or cause any compromise with selfish interests. A prophet, of olden time, alluded to a day that should be as the light of seven days; a beautiful illustration of the consummation of the Gospel work, when the ' seven seals' shall have been opened, and the ' seven thunders' shall have uttered their voices, through progressive mediums of truth. The first thunder— Virgin Purity and Community of Interest — has rolled through the heavens with mighty power! and they, whose consciences and aspirations were quickened for the higher life, cheerfully obeyed its voice, and found the baptism of Christ-Love, through which they were directed to establish a beautiful Consecrated Home — to lay the foundation of the work of human redemption — by, and through a decisive testimony against a carnal life, that was their mission and their toil. Those, first called to that work, have been reaped, by the sickle of Time, to their spirit home ; but they still live; and, united with other spiritually progressed souls of a corresponding order, there seek to inspire those who inherit the fruition of their labors, and to perpetuate with increase, the truths to which their lives were dedicated. Only through consecration and sacrifice has truth been attained, and placed on the altar of service, as a blessing to posterity; and thus may we become the recipients and ministers of increasing degrees, that not only draw closer the reins of self-discipline, but give souls corresponding liberty. Violated law places human beings in bondage to many diseases and abnormal appetites ; at present, a condition almost universal. To understand and remove the causes of these, seems highly important, as an underlying and preceding work of future progress. Do we not need aid from the heavens, to accomplish this 1 — the vivid lightnings to awaken slumbering energies, and the voice of a Second Thunder, in testimony against those transgressions of physiological law, to which multitudes are victims ? We are debtors to our predecessors ; and it remains for us, who are in the strength of youth, to reach forward for their ministrations, that we may extend the work which they so nobly began, and make our Consecration a blessing to ourselves, and to others. Catharine Allen, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.