ANTIPODES State School, Ascot, Victoria, Australia, ) December 30,1874. J Dear Friend and Brother Evans : At last the Spirit World has opened to me, and a regular visitation occurs, at my house, once in every twenty-four hours. Six different spirits have held communication with us, one of whom says he will abide with me as a regular visitant until the time of my going home. Last week, I had the felicity of receiving a message from Ann Lee, through the Spirit Katy King, who writes through my little daughter Grace. Need I tell you, dear friend, how highly I prize the inestimable privilege accorded me of being put in direct communication with the hosts of Heaven ? I trow not, for your own recorded experience, in your Autobiography, has long ago informed me how precious, how soul-charming and life-giving such experience was to yourself. I can now say -with Simeon of old,' Now let thy servant die in peace, for mine eyes have Been thy salvation.' Or with Paul, ' For me to die is gain,' and ' to live is Christ.' But in reality, there is no more death. It is swallowed up in life, and life is eternal. The Spirits tell me I shall never see America, in my body life, but that is no disappointment to me now, for, being all of one Faith and of one household, we shall, eventually, live together. Let me here greet, fraternally, all the Brethren and Sisters in your happy Mountain Home. I am often with you, in the desire and faith of soul — the foreshadows of the reality, near at hand. Outwardly speaking, I am, at present, alone. This is the season allotted to holidays, and I am in the very middle of a three weeks' vacation, six days of which I have been in the house by myself. My nearest neighbor lives half a mile away. The Spirits, who told me I should never visit you, in the body, speak differently of George. He will be accorded that physical, as well as intellectual and psychical gratification. My three children — by present wife — Peter 21; George, 19 ; and Grace, 10 years of age, have all elected to live a virgin life — to keep the body pure and devote it to its highest uses. During the six days I have been living outside of human society, I have realized, somewhat better, the most eventful periods of Moses, Jesus, Mahomet and others, in their times of seclusion from mankind. Solitude is no protection from sin and temptation. The severest temptation awaited Jesus in the wilderness. And I find, in my brief experience, that the greatest safety, and the greatest freedom from temptation lie in actual service — in real work — in doing the will of the Father. A garden, allowed to lie idle, will produce weeds — but one in constant cultivation will yield fruit, to the comfort and profit of the cultivator. Pure and cheerful society — what a blessing to those who have it! And what a deprivation to those who have it not! We read that after the temptation in the wilderness ' Angels came and ministered to him.' This was not only a seasonable relief, but a 34 Dr. Ckowell says: ' The phenomena of Spiritualism will win belief from persons to whom they appeal. The time is near at hand when they will receive their fair share of attention. More important it seems to me to ae to direct attention to the source and nature of ;he intelligence which wields this new power : to show wherein it corresponds to that which always aas been the chosen vehicle of Divine Kevelation: to mark its claims to a hearing on grounds purely religious: and to show, as may easily be done, that t is of God, not of the devil: in strictest accord with previous Revelation as preserved in the Bible, not in antagonism to the Divine utterances in ages past. Man has been crying out long in hope for something which shall satisfy his spiritual cravings. He has outgrown the old faith, and seeks a creed more rational and more comprehensible. If his spiritual nature, as in too many cases, has been starved well nigh to death, he has been dimly conscious all through his blank materialism of a something within that is not satisfied. If the spirit has mercifully been preserved through its trials, its voice is heard in lament over spiritual destitution, and earnest cries for more light. How many in the last two decades have said wearily to themselves, ' This theology is dry, dry as dust. I cannot assimilate it. It does not nourish me. If something better do not come somehow, then religion will soon be dead; and faith will loose its hold upon men.'' SHAKERE88. 35 beautiful compensation. Judging from the Law of compensation — the equity of things— I incline to the opinion, that fewer direct Angel visitations would be experienced by persons enjoying the blessing of good and suitable society, than by those deprived of it — even for a season. We might never have had the Book of Revelations, had John been in bodily companionship with the visible Church, all his life. Who knows, that in the yet undeveloped but near future, there will not be craniograms, homograms and mentignxms— just as there are now telegrams and cablegrams ? There is little left to surprise us now, in the way of new discoveries, though there is yet for us, an untouched, untasted infinitude, to be received with thankfulness and joy. Every discovery made, a little wider opens the veil — a little more appreciation of our relation to God, and sub-relation to things about us and to each other as dwellers in higher spheres. We are ascending to God in a double ratio. We are being relieved of the dross that weighs down, and increasing in Angel strength that wings aloft. Earth recedes and Heaven draws near. Before closing this rambling letter, I beg to be kindly remembered to Bro. Peebles. I intend, as soon as my family come home, to go and spend a few days in Melbourne, among the friends and associates of friend Peebles, while in Australia. I seek also to be had in brotherly remembrance by the associated family of Believers at Mount Lebanon. I am, Dear Br., thine truly in eternal relationship. John Finlay