FACING THE MUSIC There is a music in truth that attracts the multitudes, while it cJiarms the lovers of righteousness. The homely idiom of ' facing the music,' is replete with metre ; and to the truly honest, is abundant with melodious chords. But, our love of truth too frequently finds illustration, in our delight at seeing others confront the music of truth ; while a noticeable discord is apparent, with a careless use of rhythm, rests, diminuendoea, slurs and trills, when we listen to the music of what we are, and what we ought to be. However mellifluous we claim the undulations of truth to be, we are apt to realize, that the more beauteous melody is evolving, when others, instead of ourselves, are facing the undulations. Truth never appears so inharmonic, as when we face the music, which we ourselves have made. We have large faith in humanity; yet we believe it is easier for any nation to acknowledge all truth, than for any individual to practice it; while we know of some individuals, who are so in earnest to harmonize their lives with truth, that they listen to its particular symphonies, with an interest, which, considering how discordant their organisms, is simply wondrous. The melody of Jesus' life was the result of his facing the music of the heavenly law, which led to the denial of selfishness, and a thorough consecration to godliness. So much for preface. Do we love the music of truth so well, that we are willing to face it, until our theology, thoughts, logic and lives, are in unison with ' the song of Moses and the Lamb 1' Let us see what is meet to face this musical arrangement: The song of Moses is illustrative of the work of Moses with his people ; and this was, undoubtedly, a system that promised and resulted in such physical perfection, that after many hundreds of years' deterioration, we are forced to admit, with Parton, that the Jews of to-day are the purest and healthiest six millions of people on the face of the earth! When we recall the catalogue of diseases with whose infliction they suffered when they went out of Egypt; and reflect on the fact, that under the guidance of Moses, this entire catalogue was obliterated, we are at once interested to inquire into the system Moses inaugurated, and to pray for a Moses to lead us Gentiles out of our lazar conditions, even though it be through a forty years' labyrinthian pilgrimage, sustained by a manna or saw-dust pudding diet. Let us have health I How those old Jews longed for their former regime, we can imagine; and how the poor doctors must have railed, when they realized that their base of drug supplies was on the other side of the waters, needs not a vivid imagination to comprehend. All history has not presented a character that has called forth more of our sympathy, than this same Moses, who, aiming at the salvation of his peoples' bodies, was, nevertheless, so terribly abused by them because he would not let them continue in sin and die by wholesale ! A little experience of ours, has intimated to us their sufferings, and their conquests. Before we concluded singing the praises of pork, we faced the music of nine-tenths more bilious fevers and cancerous afflictions than we have suffered since learning to sing better songs. And yet our Moses and Miriam had a serious time with us on that journey. What we did in derogation of pork, we should do with every unphysiological practice, and every unchristian habit; and though it might consign to the dead sea, a thousand gods and gewgaws, that pleased perverted taste and pride of life ; that unnaturally stimulated, narcotized, or falsely embellished our physical beings; yet, if it is not the call of the gospel to us, to face the music of such a good riddance, then I am unhappily deceived. And yet, some one must be willing to suffer abuse, to be underrated, spiritually stoned, or perhaps consigned to oblivion, who will raise the standard of gospel progress, and go ahead! And while some musician sings the songs of physiological reform, which appear discordant and adverse to us, let us sufficiently ' agree with our adversary ' to ask : While we are trying to overcome the evils of the flesh,—the perverted passions of nature,—are we not feeding and strengthening such evil passions through the alimentary canal, every day of our lives ? Hence, from such a cause, what the effect ? what success 1 ' Watchmen, what of the night ? ' Had there been no Moses, to lead Israel from their unphysiological habits, there never would have been a Jesus, to sing the song of perfection of body and health of soul. Judaism and Christianity should go hand in hand to-day, for, so far from their being antipodes, as Paul, in his unchristian genuflections to ' foolish Galatians ' and 'carnal Corinthians,' would cause to appear, they are the dual affinities that make the perfect Christian ! It is a feature of original Christianity, that appears almost lost to recollection, that before Jesus accepted any as disciples, he would either refer them to ' keep the law,' or by the powers of health investing him, would cure them. How many millions of miserably sick, whom nature will not own, and until nature does own them, the gospel can only in part accept, if at all, yet making large professions of Christianity ; and ourselves among the number! Until that time shall come, when we can sing ' I am not sick,' let us ever have an apology ready, for hymning 'Iama Christian ! ' Brethren, this is facing the music in earnest — is it true music ? How many will agree with me, that the poor grace with which we face ' the song of the Lamb,' is the direct consequence of our progenitors' inability and unwillingness to face the music of the Song of Moses V We shall leave for our next paper ' Christ and Moses j' but it is only proper to consider how beautiful the relations, between the true followers of Moses, and the same of the Lamb would be to day, had each in the past, and did each now, face the musical instructions of their respective heads I The former, in health, would reproduce healthy bodies containing sound minds. The latter would baptize these, with the advancing light and conduct of the heavenly school. 'But to-day, a healthy soul cannot be found, because of the want of a befitting tabernacle. What are we to do? 'Keep the law;' shun the disastrous consequences of broken physiological law; recreate a new body by the uses of reason, religion and science ; and invite a new soul by the regeneration of a foul stomach. Let us face tlie music of reform, of truth, no matter how much it may be opposed to our tastes, or educations. ' Conceived in sin, and born in iniquity,' let us not repine, and say there is no use trying. Let us own and face the music ; there is nothing gained by hiding behind the bulwark of professional Christianity. Let us own we are not Christians; but very desirous of being such; and though laboring under the very unfavorable conditioDS of unmosaic organizations, physically and mentally; yet determined to retrieve these misfortunes to the extent of our ability, by obedience to the physiological laws of Moses, and adhesion to the virginal, unselfish characteristics that are ever heard reverberating from the life-song of the Lamb. G. A. Lomas, Shakers, N. Y.