THE DUALITY OF JESUS Considering the great difficulty under which the life and teachings of Jesus have been transmitted to us — written from oral statements made half a century after they had transpired, and how much that was relevant and essential to a perfect understanding of those teachings may have been forgotten in the life of the witness, or lost to the world through their death, and consequently the equivocal character of our own religious education, it may not be strange, that so many who speak or write upon the subject of ' New Testament Spiritualism,' fall into the error of confounding the medium Jesus, with the controlling spirit Christ. If the fact could be fully comprehended and accepted that Jesus and Christ are two distinct personages speaking and acting at different times through the same organism, what an amount of brain labor would be saved in the vain endeavor to reconcile apparent contradictions and obvious paradoxes. To my understanding of the scriptures, Jesus, per 8e, never claimed to be more than the son of man. and of the seed of David. That he was susceptible to spirit impressions from his childhood, as all great mediums have been, there is little doubt, but he was never Christ until after his baptism by John, when he became clairvoyant and clairaudient, both seeing and hearing the divine spirit that was to possess and control him. During the subsequent forty days, by fasting and prayer, he overcame the evil spirit—which it seems entered him by the same law with the good — was fully developed as a grand healer, with the power to cast out devils or evil spirits, and also became an impressional or trance speaker, for when he appeared among them as a teacher, 'they were astonished at his doctrine, for he taught them as one having authority, and not as the Scribes.' They evidently understood his mediumship, but had no conception of the magnitude of the controlling spirit. They were looking fora fulfillment of the promised Messiah, but did not expect him through so humble a channel as a poor mechanic, who had been reared in their own country. Peter was the first to whom the divine truth was revealed. ' When Jesus came into the coast of Cessarea and Phillippi, he asked his disciples, whom do men say that I the son of man am ?' Please note the significance of the reply : ' Some say that thou art John the Baptist, some Elias, and others that thou art one of the prophets.' (They were willing to concede him one of these spirits.) ' But whom think ye that I am ? ' And Simon Peter answered and said unto him, ' Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.' Then Jesus perceived that Peter was clairvoyant and enthusiastically exclaimed, ' Blessed art thou, Simon Barjonas, for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my father which is in Heaven, and I say unto thee that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' He spoke confidently because he saw that his disciples possessed the elements of mediumship of which Peter was the first fruits, and he felt that through them he should be able to build a spiritual church that no evil influence could subvert, ' and he charged them that they should tell no man that he was the Christ.' Luke says at the time of his baptism, ' Jesus began to be about thirty years of age, being (as was supposed) the son of Joseph,' which was doubtless true, since Mary his mother, who should know, called Joseph his father, ' Thy father and I have sought thee.' So then when he affirms, ' I can of myself do nothing,' etc., it is Jesus the son of man, but when he prays, ' Father glorify thou me with the glory I had with thee before the world,' it is Christ the son of the living God. Again when accused of casting out devils, through Beelzebub, the prince of devils, he replies, ' Whosoever speaketh a word against the son of man, it shall be forgiven him ; but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him in this world nor in the world to come. Could he more clearly express his duality ? Say what you like against the medium, 38 8HAKEE A. 1ST I) but don't dare to attack the pure spirit that controls him 1 I have great faith in Bible Spiritualism. The very fact that these phenomena exist to-day, is proof positive to me that they did exist eighteen hundred years ago, and the marvel is, that all Christendom does not perceive the analogy; but Jesus said to his disciples, 'I would not have you ignorant, brethren, that this blindness has happened unto the Jews in part, that the Gentiles might be brought in.' Is it not thus at the present time? May not this blindness have happened unto the churches in part, that Materialists, Skeptics and Infidels might be brought in ? I am not impatient concerning the churches, since they dare not crucify us—still it might be well for them to consider the'admonition of Gamaliel, a learned doctor of laws, a Pharisee, which was, 'Refrain from these men and let them alone, for if this work be of men it will come to naught, but if it be of God, ye cannot overthrow it, lest haply ye be found to light against God.' S. K. Saxe, Salt Lake City, Utah