Mt. Lebanon, March 12,1875 John Finlay—My Dear Friend : Your Letter, and Article, for the Shaker and Shakeress, were received on the 9th inst. I was much pleased to hear from you once more, and to learn of your welfare and fortunes. I shall publish most of your Letter, and the Article. Glad the connection with the Spirit World, is formed, with Medium in your own house and family. That you grow in understanding and increase in faith is evident. I would love to meet you, in the body. If that may not be — or if it may be, I rejoice in the hope of meeting you in the land of bouIh. And also that you see the telegram, from you to me, among the possibles. And why not? The Law, under which it can occur, exists — under the Magnetic Law, time and space are ignored. Your views, upon Diet, are in accord with our experience. Your mind is in a profitable labor. It is pleasant to think that your children have consecrated themselves to chastity — the foundational virtue. ' In this thou art marvelous before the most high, in thy continence which thou hast had from thy youth up ' — were the words of a Spirit to a Sire of old. It is just as true to-day. Abuse of the Stomach leads to abuse of the generative powers and functions — and that corrupts the earth at its foundations. ' The foundations of the earth are out of course' — was a true saying. Then came wars and fighting, from the lusts of flesh and spirit. What a work is that, of redemption ! — redemption from all the evils that fleshly man is heir to ! I And what a fearful fact, that Immortals are, without their own agency, or consent, born into existence, saddled by their progenitors, with hereditary vile propensities, wicked passions and pernicious habits 11! How shall that wrong be righted ? A momentous question I! Will it be answered—the problem solved ? Is not the Life and Immortality, of which the Scriptures speak,here referred to? Think of it. The Gospel is a Gift of God to Humanity. It is designed to square accounts between man and God. A day of judgment — the orthodox say — to punish the wicked. Very well, while justice allows the All-Wise—All-Good-Almighty to take vengeance upon the wicked violaters of his Law, will not outraged humanity cry unto that same God for Amnesty — a condoning of all past offenses—on the same ground of justice, right and goodness? ' Come and let us reason together, saith the Lord.' And come and let us reason together responds humanity.