'LET US APPLY OUR HEARTS UNTO WISDOM.' Prompted by feelings of grateful response, I dip my pen, and would give utterance to the deep emotions of my heart through this medium, that they may be lovingly conveyed by the same white-winged messenger that has borne so many choice and profitable words to me. One has lately spoken of the benefit derived from the experience of others; so would / humbly acknowledge full appreciation of the truthful life-examples, and words of wisdom, given by those who have passed tho devious winding ways — the snares and pitfalls that lie in the path of the youthful traveler. Just here I am reminded of the vision of Theodore, the hermit of Teneriffe. Weary and worn he sat down to rest, and soon fell asleep. An angel appeared at his side, and said, ' Lift up thine eyes.' There arose before him a mountain. ' This,' said the angel, 'is the Hill of Existence.' At its base lay the ever blooming, flowery fields of childhood, thronged with the gay and sportive ; all of whom were under the direct guardianship of innocence. When she yielded the control of those who had outgrown her charge, Reason and Religion were ready, as sure guides, to lead in the upward advance ; but many had, at this period, grown impatient of control, and sought out by and forbidden paths, which led to precipices, caverns, impenetrable thickets, and. dangerous ways, and in these ways were seen groups of pigmies (Habits), who carried with them chains, which they imperceptibly twined around those who trespassed on their ground, until they fell victims to their power. Then there was great lamentation on the part of some, who beheld, in the distance, those who had submitted to guidance, and traveled the straight path, happy, untrammeled and free. Obedience to God's laws impressed upon our being, and a forward advance in the direct line of duty, regardless of the syren's song, or fancy's fitful call in opposite directions, is most assuredly the only means of attaining permanent happiness and continual enjoyment. Many truthful lessons have been given by sages and seers of the past and present, from which those who seek the pearls of wisdom, rather than the destructive charms of wickedness, will draw morals that shall prove beneficial in educating them aright. The greatest gifts of soul and mind are a cultivated conscience, and an enlightened reason. Ah ! here is a great point of weakness with young people who are not acting upon that ' grand principle,' so beautifully illustrated in a late number of our little paper. In a lukewarm condition of conscience — the supreme judge of our actions — natural tendencies and feelings gain the ascendancy, and the individual too often claims pity, charity and sympathy, for his or her shortcomings, and willful violations of law, order and right, when, in reality, a sharp reproof is needed to arouse the delinquent from abnormal conditions which have arisen from thoughts and feelings averse to purity and truth. ' Better is the reproof of a friend than the kiss of an enemy.' There is an enemy, strong and subtle, that entwines the human soul like a slimy serpent. It is the filthiness of the flesh. It clings to humanity with the caresses of its polluting influence — clouding, with thick darkness, conscious reason — and stifling beneath the velvety cloak of its fallacious arts, God-given conscience ! Under its control, souls pander to low loves and desires, till they come to the condition of which Auger speaks. ' There is a generation that are pure in their own eyes, and yet are not washed from their filthiness.' Again ' There is a generation, O, how lofty are their eyes ! and their eyelids are lifted up.' O that young people might turn the tide of life in the channel of purity, and learn from the wise and the unwise as they journey along, ever remembering that, ' From purity of thought, all pleasure springs; And from an humble spirit, all our peace.' Self-denial is the key-note to endless harmonies. It strengthens every chord to the ' harp of a thousand strings;' while self-indulgence, with its counter action, destroys its sweetest music. We all admire a perfect form, a vigorous intellect, and a pure, genial spirit; these combine to complete the model man or woman. How are they attainable ? Under present imperfect organic conditions — the result of disobedience to moral and physical law through successive generations — a perfected being seems beyond possibility. But shall we broaden the chasm that separates the two extremes, or, by self-denial, retrace lost ground, and keep the grand ideal ever before us — by being self-disciplinarians ? The sooner an individual begins the work the better. The promise of the Spirit is, ' They that seek me early shall find me.' It is this determinate seeking after truth, in early life, and a practical application of the same in building up character, that results in a strong and beautiful manhood and womanhood. To require the indulgences of old age, while yet in youth, is to sap the roots of the tree of life, whose early growth should give promise of future usefulness. Who languishes in middle age, and seeks to shirk the burdens and responsibilities they should bear ? He or she, who, in early life, sought out self-pleasing ways, and built not on the rock of self-discipline. Now, every breeze that blows seems like a tempest; they cannot breast the billows; but seek some easy place, where they can be shielded by the strong towers of righteousness. Such are not fitted as leaders for the battling hosts who follow after ; neither have they strength to give to those whose right it is to ask. Now ye who journey up the hill of time, Be firm every step you climb •, Keep the straight path, nor ever turn aside, While purity and truth your footsteps guide ; Heed the experience of the wise and true, And blessings to the end shall follow you. Martha J. Anderson, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.