Dear Eldress Antoinette: It is the commencement of a new era ; and I wish to tender to you my heartfelt thanks for your faithful labors, especially, for helping to keep our little missionary craft afloat, and in sailing order to bear its precious freight over the troubled waters of life amid adverse winds and conflicting elements, to each destined port. I realize that your duties are many, and onerous; and I pray that good Angels may continue to lend their aid, and that those who are still in the form, may be ready and willing to extend a helping hand, in every time of need. 'Were I young, and possessed of ability, 1 would not fail to contribute my share for its support. Now that I have felt the scorching summer suns, and the wintry frosts of more than four score years, it is but little that 1 can do, except to bless, and pray that the work may prosper and be sustained—that millennial light may shine through our missionary medium — the paper, sent from Mt. Lebanon, as a white winged dove, to bear good tidings. Had I the strength of a host, I would give it freely to the glorious work. I see that light increases rapidly ; and I sometimes almost wish to be rejuvenated, that 1 might take an active part in the labor which the present day demands ; for I see beautiful fields fast ripening for the sickle, and there will be need of reapers. May God strengthen the hands of those now in the field, and send more laborers, who will be able and willing to do their whole duty, is the prayer of your aged friend and sister in the Gospel of Christ. I would not wish any to act the part of Ahimaaz — run without tidings — or before they are sent; but as a lover of truth, I would ask all of Zion's daughters to not give their minds, too much, to matters of less importance, to the neglect of weighty labors, and duties which lie before us. Let us all guard against inaction, and be willing to sacrifice every selfish motive, and work unreservedly, with unity of purpose in the one great cause of religious freedom. Oneness of action is essential to success, in any cause. While we are emerging from seas of conflicting elements and ideas, which surround us on every side, let us keep in solid phalanx, as much as possible — keep a compact body and always try to preserve the unity of the spirit. Then we shall have great strength, that will enable us to perform the work needful to be done in our day and time. Progression and Conservatism are two contending forces. The former is sometimes exposed to force the wheels, and cause them to roll with too much velocity; while the latter, strives to clog, and hold them back ! If an equilibrium can be reached, and harmony preserved, it will be a desirable blessing. A great responsibility rests upon the progressive portion of the community, and weighty moral obligations must also rest upon their opponents. They, who, from selfish motives, would impede the progress of individuals, or society, commit a great wrong. Then, let us unite in prayer, that 'Wisdom may guide the helm, and bear our bark over the dark waters of theological conflicts and errors, into the sea of love, and help us to anchor firmly in truth that never can be shaken. I realize that my stay in time must be short, and I feel grateful to my Gospel friends, for kindly greetings, and for the love which I often receive from them. It shall stimulate and nerve me to more earnest devotion. When I pass on to the other side of the river, I expect to continue the work I have commenced here until perfect victory is attained. Lovingly — yours, Eunice Bathrick, Ayer, Mass.