DISPENSATION: Three Dispensations of Spiritual Order Were minus the female, therein ; She, who was given to man for a help-meet, ' Twas said, ' led from God unto sin.' If woeful transgression was in the beginning, And blighted, our first parents fell — Were driven from Eden,because of thei» sinning— Then earth, echoes back the death knell. Sin begot sorrow, envy and malice, And sin unto murder gave birth ; Cain hated his brother, and vengefully slew him, And there was confusion on earth. Yet many were righteous, for that dispensation, True typical men of their day; As Noah, and Abraham, Lot, Isaac and Jacob, And Enoch, with God, walked their way. Joseph, was cruelly sold into Egypt, But quickly arose to a ruler's estate ; While those who had sold him, with hearts void of pity, Bought then for their children, a slavery great. An inhuman law cast a babe on the water; The son of a Levite was he ; From death he was rescued by king Pharoah's daughter, Thus foiling the royal decree. Time, and events, brought the Lord's visitation; Signs and great wonders appear, Moses, and Aaron took administration, And woman remained in the rear. Israel was groaning beneath heavy burdens, Their God saw them sorely distressed, Ransomed his people from Egyptian bondage, And smitten were those who oppressed. For their deliverance, all Israel shouted, Glorious the Lord and his ways! While Miriam went forth with her timbrels, not jdoubting The Lord's ear would list to her praise. Thus joyful in freedom, the women with timbrels Now danced on the banks of the sea; Signal their victory; but one is more glorious, When by it from sin we are free. Moses, in meekness fulfilled his high calling; Yet once he offended his God; Therefore, ne'er entered the fair land of promise Altho' he beheld it abroad. Moses departing, left Joshua ruling, And Israel was blest in that day; This dynasty ended with spirits ungrateful, All Israel from God turned away. Sad, sad the event; they were sold into bondage. And were by the Gentiles depraved ; When woman arose, and made mighty efforts, 'Till from woeful distress they were saved. Deborah, — prophetess, —judging in Israel, A mother to Israel became,— Sought out a plan — and delivered her children, A type of the Mother we claim. Yearly a feast of the Lord was in Shiloh. And many glad virgins there came ; Joyful in dances, the latter-day virgins, Dance as the prophets proclaim. Thus, passed generations, one after another, With seers both gifted and bold, The Psalmist — prophetic — in sweetest of numbers Of Bride, and of Bridegroom, foretold. Thou wast anointed above all thy fellows, With oil of true gladness and joy; On thy right, stood the Queen, in bright gold of Ophir, And free from the earth's base alloy. Consider, O Daughter! forget thine own people, The house of thy father forsake I And to this injunction the daughter was loyal, All ties with her kindred to break. For greatly the King shall desire thy beauty, He is thy Lord, worship thou him ; Wrought gold, is the robe, of the King's royal daughter, And she is all glorious within! And unto the King —in needle-work raiment — Are virgin companions brought, too — And now in the palace of sacred fruition, '^2 All things are presented anew. Look not to thy fathers, but now to thy children; For princes on earth they shall be; Thou shalt be remembered through all generations And praises be rendered to thee. The Lord our righteousness, she shall be called, As prophets were free to declare ; Judah be saved and Jerusalem dwell safely A ruler of Justice be there. Thus saith the Lord, I will shake every nation The desire of all nations be one ; Also a day, which shall burn as an oven, And then shall arise healing sun. Sing, sing and rejoice, O Daughter of Zionl For I, saith the Lord, dwell with thee 1 And thou art the Branch, in the holy temple And in counsel of Peace thou shalt be. Fear not, O thou mother, embrace thou thy children I Abide till thy quietness come; Fear not thou good nurse, by the wells of salvation My hand shall establish thy home. Hannah A. Agnew, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.