HEALING Dear Elder Frederick : It is a duty, which I feel incumbent upon me, to give an humble statement of the travail of my soul within a few weeks past. About two years ago, two Shaker Fathers, from the Spirit land, came and showed me these walks and buildings, and this beautiful home with its delightful associations. I was induced, almost immediately, to visit Mount Lebanon. My visit gave me entire satisfaction. I returned to my home. My body was absent, but my spirit was continually with you. Being, all my life, a confirmed invalid, I felt it would be unjust to try to thrust myself upon your Order. My Angel Fathers came again, and gave me a kind and loving invitation to renew my visit. I wrote you in December. You said: ' We are willing you should come and try yourself by our Order. We cannot tell how much you need a new creation, both soul and body, until we see you.' I came, as you know, and threw myself at your feet, assuring you how grateful I would be if you could be the medium of affording me any aid, spiritually, or physically. Your faith, and. the faith of the family, took hold upon me. I seemed to rise from discouragement and despair. I followed your rules with regard to all hygeian laws. The idea was strong, in my mind, that it would take a long time to eradicate a disease which had, so many years, been fastening itself upon my system, and had so successfully baffled all earthly power. Thursday, the 4th of March, my Angel Fathers made me another visit. They said : ' Child, step in, while the waters are troubled.' I asked what they meant by ' stepping in — and the waters being troubled.' They replied : ' Water is an emblem of truth, because of its cleansing, healing and purifying effects, and when the mind is wrought upon by spirit ministration, and brought into proper relations and heavenly conditions, and in perfect unison with the heavenly spheres, then the waters are troubled, and the effect of obedience is peace to the soul, and health to the body. ' Child, you are now brought into relations and surroundings, mental, physical and spiritual, whereby you may look for a new creation, both of soul and body.' It is now nine weeks since I came here. My recovery has been constant and rapid. For thirty years I have not known a well day, nor a night of undisturbed repose. Now I feel well and strong, and sleep in peace, at night, with all the sweetness of an infant. How can I be humble enough, or thankful enough, for all these earthly and heavenly ministrations, which have been the means of delivering me from the earthly Babylon, and introducing me into the Kingdom of Heaven — not ideal — real, tangible and praetieal. My dear Angel Fathers wished me to give their Angel Love to all Believers, throughout the land, and tell them to have faith in Angel ministrations — that Organizations and Communities are being formed, whereby the elements of society, on earth, are being stirred, in conjunction with the Spirit world—that soon, it would not be thought a strange thing for men to converse with Angels, as familiarly as one man converses with another — that soon, the lame, the blind, the diseased would be flocking to the Pentecostal Church, for deliverance from all the ailments of earth — inquiring what they must do to be saved. Angels, as well as men, will rejoice, when they see eye to eye, and discern between the righteous and the wicked — between him who serveth God, and him who serveth him not. Then the little ripples, appearing here and there, upon the waters of truth, shall be a mighty wave, will sweep away all error and false doctrine — and the Kingdom of the Lord will cover the earth, as the waters cover the sea. In thia way, the Millennial Church, on earth, will be caught up to meet the Spirit Spheres, drawing all men unto it, and each individual Avill become a Savior — many Saviors in Mount Zion, each a drop composing the unfathomable ocean of truth — each a grain, constituting the new Heavens and the new Earth — each a living stone, composing the vast Temple — the beautiful structure, which shall go towering into the highest Heavens, with shoutings'of Grace ! Grace 1 unto it. Gilbert Hubbel. Mount Lebanon, March 10,1875