Eddy Seance The following is the best representation I have met with of this New Phase in Spirit ualism. It may be relied upon as a correct statement. The Orthodox papers are kicking against the pricks in their false exposes of real facts. MATERIALIZATION AN ESTABLISHED FACT — 'WONDERFUL PHENOMENA AT THE HOME OF THE EDDY MEDIUMS. We give below an account from a Vermont correspondent, wherein are detailed occurrences which, speaking after the manner of men, ' border on the marvelous.' The narrative is most unqualifiedly indorsed by the witnesses present at the seance, and is by them offered to the public as evidence of the astounding power now developed at ' Spirit Vale: ' To the Editor of the Banner of Light: The materialization of spirits at the home of the Eddy Mediums still continues to increase in power, and for the last three weeks the manifestations have made such wonderful progress that I feel it should be known to the world, so that those seeking for light may know what spirits can do. The s6ance held by William Eddy, medium for materialization in the light, on the evening of February 10th, was one of the most wonderful that I have ever witnessed. The power shown by Honto, the Indian squaw, seems beyond belief. I will try and give you a brief description of a part of what transpired during the evening. After William Eddy had been in the cabinet a short time, Honto made her appearance at the cabinet door, bounded out on the platform, dancing for a moment. She then advanced toward Mrs. Cleveland, who sat at the end of the platform, some twelve feet from the cabinet door, and took her hand, shaking it in a friendly manner; together they descended the steps leading from the platform to the floor of the circle room. Advancing close to the company composing the circle, she danced for an instant, then started for the end of the circle room (accompanied by Mrs. Cleveland), passing the lamp and stove on her way to the door — the light reflected from the stove and lamp having no apparent effect upon her. Honto was now forty feet from the cabinet; she opened the door at the end of the circle room, looking out into the hail; she then returned to the circle, and, in passing the stove, drew a materialized shawl apEarently from the side of the stove, threw it over er shoulders and wore it during the evening. Honto was now having a good time with some of the company; she put her arm around Horatio Eddy's neck and kissed him repeatedly; leaving trim she went to the other end of the circle, took the violin from Joseph Rugg, who was at that time playing upon the instrument, and kissed him upon the cheek. Honto, with violin in hand, picked upon the strings a moment, and then laying it down she again started for the end of the circle room. Reaching the door she opened it and passed out into the hall, down the stairs to the sittingroom below (about seventy feet from cabinet), where two of the Eddy family were sitting — Mrs. D. M. Eddy Brown and Miss Alice Eddy. Honto stood in the doorway of the room, facing the light of two ordinary coal-oil lamps, burning brightly at the time. She invited the ladies to come up to the circle room, as she was going to have a good time, speaking in an audible voice to them. They accepted her invitation, and accompanied her to the circle room, where they witnessed what further transpired. Honto now mingled freely with the company; sitting down beside Mr. Waterman she put her arm around his neck and kissed him several times; she visited all in the circle, kissing some, caressing others, till all present had either felt or touched her. She then started for the cabinet, springing over the railing in front of it (about five feet high) at a bound. Stopping in the doorway of the cabinet for an instant, and waving her hand and bowing good-night to all, she disappeared, and was seen no more during the seance. From the time Honto first came out of the cabinet till she left us was some twenty minutes. The next spirit that appeared I recognized as my grandmother. She spoke in an audible voice. Next came an old lady, recognized by her daughter who was present, as Mrs. Carpenter. Next came Mrs. Eaton, one of the spirits frequently controlling the mediums. Next came Mrs. Eddy, the mother of the Eddy mediums; she stood out upon the platform, speaking in a full, distinct voice, telling her children to stand firm for truth, to live good, pure lives, and that the joys which awaited them in the other life would compensate them for all they suffered here. She spoke much more that was beautiful and instructive, making all present feel stronger to battle for truth. The next spirit I recognized as my mother. Next came a sister of Mr. Waterman, whom he recognized ; followed by a lady recognized by Mr. Watson as his sister. The next spirit I recognized as John Nevins, a brother-in-law, who stood out plainly and distinctly. Next came an old gentleman, recognized by Mr. Watson as his father, John Watson. He was succeeded by William Brown, one of the medium's guides, who spoke in an audible voice, so that all present could hear ; he said not one jot or one tittle of the law should pass away till all was fulfilled ; I think it related to what has been promised by the spirits. The spirits who appeared during the stance were clothed in various costumes, some being beautiful, others plain — the Indians showing more taste for display, and their dresses being magnificent. I have given only a part of what transpired. I have written facts which are attested to by those who witnessed the manifestations of which I write, they requesting me to subscribe their names to this statement. Most truly, EDWARD BROWN. Mrs. R. Cleveland, Mrs. Watson, Mrs. D. M. Eddy Brown, Miss Alice Eddy, Charles Waterman, Mr. Watson, Horatio Eddy, Joseph Rugg. Chittenden, Vt., Feb. 10th, 1875