A FEW THOUGHTS ON DIET (For the American Shaker and. Shakeress.) ' To the pure, all things are pure.' None are more fond of quoting this saying than gluttons and gross, indiscriminate feeders. Another favorite subject of reference, by the same class of persons, is the Viaion of Peter— Acts 11 —wherein he saw all manner of beasts, fowls and creeping things, all of which he was commanded to eat. Construe this vision literally, into an injunction to use, as daily food, all the articles therein mentioned, and there is nothing alive, so repugnant to our senses, that it may not be eaten, by ourselves, and placed before our friends as a delicacy. Except the vision be bo construed as to warrant serving up the most obnoxious reptiles and vermin, as food, on our tables, it means nothing as regards the regulation of diet — and without seeking for the true and deeper meaning concealed beneath the symbolic creatures of the vision, we will, for the present, lay it aside as having no bearing upon the subject of diet. Of the first quotation, it is worthy of observation that the saying is applicable to one class only — the Pure. The impure —nay, even the half and between sort are excluded. To the Pure, alcohol and aquafortis are alike innoxious, because the pure will put each to its proper use. The foolish, or impure might be tempted to put one or other into the mouth. It is as if we should say, fire-proof materials are in no danger from fire — but it is abundantly evident that all combustible substances must be excluded from the category of things not in danger from fire. The Pure, in body, mind and soul, will seek to clothe themselves with purity, and to promote the purity of the world, by eating and drinking only what tends to purity, and by keeping every thing in its proper place. A pig in a sty may be tolerated, but a pig in a parlor would be abominable. Some there are, and the writer of this article is one of them, who think that a pig in a human stomach is a greater abomination still; and when the pig is no longer considered fit matter for the human stomach, even the pig in the sty had better be put away too, and the pig allowed, as of old, to consociate with the wolf and the bear, away from the haunts of men. Some would even go further, and exclude animal food of every kind from the stomach. Who will judge what is fittest? Is the drunkard, the daily besotted drunkard, the fittest person to judge of purity and health in our beverages? If he be not so, then let me ask who shall judge of what is best and most appropriate for human food? The gourmand — the glutton, the obese-faced, drum-paunched humanity, whose lack-lustre eyes, after a full cramming, show as much intelligence and little more than could be observed in a couple of boiled gooseberries stuck in a pudding! Is this moving hogshead of lard one of ' the Pure to whom all things are Pure ? ' Shall we appeal to the ordinary experience of humanity, its fair average ? Let it be so, and surely no one claiming to rank among the average will object to the scrutiny of the eye and the nose as to what articles of food are fittest and best for human beings to eat. First, then, animal food as the base or lowest element, beginning with the cannibal — his diet is human flesh — and this we all know, when in a state of decomposition, is the most offensive substance with which we can possibly come in contact through the senses. Let any one that doubts this try the air of a dissecting room, or open a grave, that is three or four weeks filled, and he will be convinced. Here then we find human flesh, the most repulsive considered as food in a state of decomposition — and be it observed all food is decomposed before it leaves the body, which is built up with the products of this decomposition. Second rate in the scale ascending, is the flesh of animals, which in a state of decomposition, is ,not quite so hateful to us as is human flesh. Third rate ascending, is the flesh of fowls and fishes, judged by the same process; and fourth rate higher in the scale of purity, is animalized substances including milk, butter, cheese and eggs. These are all offensive in a state of decomposition, but not so bad as any of the preceding three classes of food. Fifth in the ascending scale, are the roots of plants, such as potatoes, turnips, carrots, etc. Sixth in order, are green and succulent vegetables, as greens, cabbage, spinach, etc. Seventh in order, are the various kinds of grain, which in a decomposed state are cer tainly not agreeable, but tolerable by com parison with the others. Higher we come to pulse, such as peas, beans, lentiles etc. Higher still we come to berries — and highest, best and purest of human food, we come to fruit, and so little is that obnoxious to us that the most fastidious and refined in taste may cut off the decayed half of a peach, and eat the other half of the same fruit; who among you would do the same with a pig or even a sheep? It may here be objected that there is not fruit enough in the world for all — and that even if there were, still it would not agree with all. To these and a host of other objections the writer of this would only say, with the means placed at your disposal, study every day to live according to your best and purest instincts. Do the best and BE the best you possibly can every day ; and you will shortly find that both your means and ability to do better will increase. Do not be discouraged with failures —try again ; and never by any means let the impure or the foolish laugh you out of your purpose to become Pure, for when you are once Pure in heart, you shall See God. John Finlay, Victoria, Australia