LETTER FROM COL. OLCOTT To the Editor of the Times: Allyn House, Feb. 19,1875. Sir—You are quite correct in saying that 'the Katie King problem is not solved yet.' But certain things are solved to any reasonable man's satisfaction, viz.: 1. The mediumship of both Nelson Holmes and his wife. 2. The perjury of the woman, Eliza White, whose sworn statement under the pseudonym of u Katie King,' has gone the rounds of the papers. 3. The actual appearance, to myself and others, of a male spirit recognized as John King, and of a female spirit claiming to be and recognized as Katie King. 4. The exhibition of marvels of 'direct writing,' the apparent dissolution and transportation of signet rings and documents. 5. The occurrence of all the Holmes' phenomena of their public circles in my own apartments, under the most satisfying test conditions. 6. The ability of the supposed spirits to understand the French, German, Italian, Spanish, Latin, Greek, Turkish, Georgian and Russian languages. 7. The writing of communications to myself by both John and Katie King, in the identical autographs of their notes of last summer to Mr. Owen and other persons. I cannot begin to tell you the things I saw during the course of my fortnight's investigation, for the narrative occupies over fifty pages of my forthcoming book; but I will leave it to you and the public to decide, after seeing my report, whether this sensational case does not, in a very marked manner, serve as a warning to those who jump at conclusions before hearing both sides of any question. Perhaps the most disgusting feature of the affair is that there is ground for a grave suspicion that the poor creature whose perjuries have been so widely circulated, was moved by the promise of a large sum by persons connected with the Young Men's Christian Association to do what she did, ostensibly in the interest of truth and good morals. If this should be found true, a sudden revulsion may be expected from the present state of public opinion. Henry S. Olcott. From the Hartford (Conn.) Weekly Times, Feb. 27