TITHE OFFERING I wotTLD make a Tithe offering to our little ' Monthly' which is again before me. Its pages are well filled with words of wisdom, calculated to give strength, hope and encouragement, to all who are striving to concentrate, in their lives and characters, those principles which will practically benefit them- BHAKERESS. selves, and bring the greatest amount of good to the human race. Through this little messenger, I feel inspiration ; and I bless all who are willing to employ their pens to advocate, and show their devotion to the noble cause of Truth; and through self-denial and holy-living, to uphold its standard, and bear aloft its shining lamp, to light the pathway of those who are seeking a way out of the theological errors of the past. I would welcome all Messengers, who bring, to our understanding, the new truths of the present day, and point us to the living increase of the future, which we honor, and give credence to the true and good, anterior to the present. I realize, that if we would be elevated from earthly conditions, into true spiritual life, it must be accomplished by a growth from the old into the new; to find an abiding with the pure, and an increase in all that is true. I give thanks, that through the providence of God, I was permitted to hear the Gospel call, and was made a willing subject; that I accepted the invitation to come out from the world — forsake the ties and relationship there formed, — and to consecrate myself, body, soul and spirit, as a true Believer in Christ, and live the angel life. As a reward, I have found spiritual fathers and mothers, and brothers and sisters, that I love with that kind of love, which will endure when earthly loves shall have passed away. To them, I am indebted for strength when I was weak; for comfort when afflicted. They have guided, my footsteps, on the heavenly journey, to me, have broken the bread of life, and given of their spiritual treasures. In humility, I will seek to be worthy of such love, by living the true life. This can only be attained by a watchful, prayerful spirit, guarding the avenues of the heart, closely interrogating the motives which lead to action ; and in all the intercourse and relations of life have our influence such as will leave an im press for good, and not evil. In this way, we may return blessing for blessing — love for love — and by obedience, add to our faith every Gospel virtue. Louisa Green, Canaan, W. Y.