SPIRITUALISM The following extract gives a good idea of the progress made in the seances Mr. Owen attended: I have seen 'Katie' issue from the cabinet more than a hundred times in full form ; passing in her graceful way around the circle and addressing a kind word or two or a ' God bless you! ' to the friends she knew. She has suffered me to cut from her head a lock of hair: and she has herself cut for me and in my presence a piece of her dress, and also of her veil, the former being apparently fine bishop's lawn, and the latter a bit of lace, either of the finest quality of Honiton, or else of point de Venise, I am not certain which. She has allowed me to touch her hand, her face, her person, and to kiss her on the forehead; she then taking my face in both her hands, and giving me a similar kiss in return, She has handed me from the cabinet aperture a nosegay of red and white roses, wet as with heavy dew, and I found among them a little note, asking my acceptance of them. During a private sitting I gave her a mother-of-pearl cross with a piece of white silk cord attached, together with a small note folded up in which I had written : 'I offer you this, dear Annie, because, though it be simple, it is white and pure and beautiful as you are.' She took both, did not open the note, suspended the cross from her neck, kissed it, and retreated to the cabinet, closing the door. In a minute or two she returned, with the cross in one hand and the folded note in the other, bent over me and said, in her low, earnest voice and with her charming smile : 'White and pure and beautiful like me —is it?' How did she read that note? The cabinet with its door closed, and its apertures covered with black curtains, is, as I have often verified, quite dark. Ever after, when she appeared she wore that cross on her breast, reminding one of the well-known lines in Pope's ' Rape of the Lock.' I observed that at times when she issued from the cabinet this cross shone as with a phosphorescent luster. She had also given to her, by visitors, a ring, a bracelet, and a locket, which she frequently wore. The most usual gifts, however, were nosegays, and these seemed to give her especial pleasure; she frequently, after smelling them, remarked to me how charmingly fragrant they were. On one occasion I handed to her a hair chain which had been presented to me by a friend since deceased. This she took with her and returned next day with a message from her who had given it to me. I was in the habit after each sitting of carefully examining the cabinet; but neither cross, nor ring, nor bracelet, nor locket, nor chain was ever to be found; minute search, with a light, did not even reveal a rose-leaf. With such or similar phenomena you are doubtless familiar; but I have seen 'Katie,' on seven or eight different occasions, suspended in full form about two feet from the ground for ten or fifteen seconds. It was within the cabinet, but in full view; and she moved her arms and feet gently, as a swimmer upright in the water might do. I have seen her on five several evenings disappear and reappear before my eyes, and not more than eight or nine feet distant. On one occasion, when I had given her a calla lily, she gradually vanished, holding it in her hand, and fading out from the head down, and the lily remained visible after the hand which held it was gone, the flower, however, finally disappearing also. When she reappeared the lily came back also, at first as a bright spot only, which gradually expanded into the flower. Then ' Katie ' stepped out from the cabinet, waving to us with all her wonted grace her adieu ere she finally retired for the evening. Thus I have seen a material object as well as a spirit vanish and reappear. One principal objection which the scientific men have made to the examination of spiritualistic phenomena is, that most of the communications received from the spirit-world have been weak, foolish 'twaddle,' utterly unworthy of the persons from whom they purported to come. This objection is very fairly met by a communication from ' Katie ' through Dr. Child, reported by Mr. Owen in these words: SPIRIT ADDRESS. My Dear Friends —I should be sorry if you inferred that the way in which I sometimes appear and speak to you and to other friends when I am materialized is a true exponent of my present condition, and that the rude and trifling manner then exhibited is a real reflection of my interior state. It is important you should know that spirits either in or out of the form, as you call it, are to a very great extent subject to the influences of the material elements with which they are clothed; and if I could have you spend a little time with me in an appreciative manner, in my interior home in spirit-land, you would not know me as the same Katie that calls you ' stupid ' and uses expressions which are often quite repulsive to my inner consciousness. The laws of spiritual manifestation are absolute, and whenever a spirit approaches a medium it must be more or less materialized, first, in order to come into the atmosphere of the earth, and then into that of the medium ; and if it presents itself in form, it is obliged, under a law, to appear as nearly as may be as it was when it passed from the earth. Then a child of earth, though grown to maturity in spirit-life, returns as a child. Deformed persons present their deformities with precision. Spirits retain not only the recollection of the earthly conditions and appearances, but also the power of assuinipg them in spirit-life whenever it is desirable. You will see the importance of this power of maintaining or recurring to the primitive conditions of spirit-life, at least for a time, and until all those to whom a recognition is necessary shall have passed into that state; for this power is retained so as to be easily exercised until after all who are living on the earth at the time a spirit enters this world have also passed on, so that the new born spirit cannot fail to recognize its friends and relations. I am requested to say to you that all spirits, when they return to earth, whether they communicate or not, are absolutely subject to this law. They muxt assume the conditions they had when they left the earthly form, although they may bring to earth many thoughts and ideas, which they have acquired in the interior life ; but even these are somewhat modified by being presented through the necessary conditions which surround them at the time: for instance, scholars from the spirit-land, speaking through mediums who are ignorant of language and the rules of grammar, may be compelled to use the incorrect expressions of the medium. It is a truth that ' the spirits of the prophets are subject to the prophets;' and every spiritual communication that has ever been given has been more or less modified by the channel through which it has passed, as well as by the essentially materialistic conditions which spirits may have been compelled to assume when they came into the earth's atmosphere and into rapport with mediums. A notable feature of all spirit-manifestations thus far has been the low character of the spirits engaged. Leaving behind the old methods of theological proof by argument, I believe that sooner or later, God, himself, will manifest his existence in some such way as these spirits do, and so make us sure of it. He can do it, and he certainly will; there is no reason why he should not. There is something impressive in the recent developments of spiritualism, progressing as they do in the midst of the tremendous struggle between infidelity and old Bible theology. Just now when Positivism exalts itself and prepares to condemn all religions which are not susceptible of proof, new facts appear and furnish the proof required. If Dr. Holland had understood the meaning of the spiritualistic phenomena of the present day he would have ' spoken with better cheer ' when he wrote the following lines: ' The old orthodox view of the Bible as a plenarily inspired book, from the first word of Genesis to the last of St. John's Revelations, is already forsaken by more minds than can be counted; and, by necessity, with the relinquishment of this view goes by the board a great mass of theology entirely dependent upon it for existence. The current popular theology cannot possibly be saved without the current and popular view of the Bible. They stand or fall together. • * * * 'The facts are, however, that the revolution Is going on independent of the theologians and the religious teachers, and if they are doing any thing about it they are fighting it. The result will probably, and most naturally, be a reign of infidelity, out of which, after weary, wretched years, we shall slowly emerge with our Christianity purged of its extraneous doctrines, and with a new class of religious teachers, who will look back upon the present position as one of gross blindness and fatal fatuity on the part of their predecessors.' * * The materializing spirits belong to the generative order. The same class ministered to Swedenborg, the Angel of Spiritualism. That the reaction against the false ' exposure ' has fairly set in, see a lengthy article on Spiritualism, in Tribune of March 27, by Francis G. Fairfield.