SHAKERESS: TIME FLIES SWIFTLY A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS In the infant and childhood state time often hangs heavily, and parents or guardians are necessitated to devise some means by which to beguile the weary hours. I well remember that when a child, Murray's grammar was placed in my hands, and as I was trying to analyze a sentence contained therein, ' Time flies, 0 how swiftly ! ' how difficult it was for me to understand its import. Oftentimes, when my mind was filled with expectancy concerning some future event which promised pleasure and amusement, weeks seemed like years, days like months, and hours like weeks. After I had passed one score of years, and the realities of life, its duties and responsibilities began to settle upon me, I often thought of those words, ' Time flies swiftly,' and felt that they were true. From my present stand, point and experience in life, I look back over the history of half a century and mark the great changes which have been wrought even in our own nation, and it is marvelous to contemplate. Time in its onward march, which to me has quickened its pace year by year, has accomplished great results. Science and Art have been brought to degrees of perfection not then dreamed of. New channels of thought have been opened, which are continually growing broader and deeper. Few are now willing to accept as authority the assertions of any man or woman, without evidence, or to be bound by creedal forms of past centuries. Many who lived in those times when people were simple in their habits of life, and thought it an honor to honestly till the soil and earn their bread by the sweat of their own brows — fathers who had influence over their sons to hold and keep them as help-meets on the farm until they were of lawful age — look back to those days of primitive simplicity, and ask, Was there not as much real enjoyment in life then as now ? When mothers thought it a duty and made it their pleasure to guide their own household, and teach their daughters practical lessons of industry, how to make good unadulterated bread, ' to lay their hands to the spindle and take hold of the distaff,' instead of the art of flirtation and gossip — they inquire, Was there not as much virtue and integrity then, as at the present time ? Others, again, have felt that the religion of their fathers was narrow, creed-bound, and sectarian — that it shackled the mind and hindered the soul's expansion and growth — and have prayed sincerely that a radical change might be affected, and pledged themselves to accept the agency through which that change might come. But when they feel the great commotion in the elements and see the irre. Hgious tendencies of the present age, the lack of godly reverence, they almost tremble lest the nation should utterly forget God. It will be well for all to remember that the old heavens cannot pass away and be superseded by the new, without noise and confusion. All the good and true of the past will remain, but the false must be removed to make room for more light and truth. We find that Apostolic theology and the doctrines of the primitive Church were, at best, incomplete — for the Apostles themselves testified that they only saw and prophesied in part. Since that time they have been mixed up with creeds and dogmas, and have been diluted by a hireling priesthood, to a degree that has rendered them impotent; and they must be tested by the revealed truth of the present day. A prophet said ' The day of the Lord will burn as an oven.' Already cremation fires are kindled on the altars of truth, that will consume papal absolutions, old heathen mythologies with their pagodas, and the protestant priesthood will see their hitherto well guarded creeds yield to the fervid heat of the fire of truth. All that is false, whether designedly or ignorantly produced, must have its day of judgment. The dignitaries of what are called Christian Churches have held the consciences of the people with a firm grasp, and swayed the scepter of ecclesiastical power over Christendom, by covering the transgressions and transgressors with a covering not of God's spirit, having hypocrisy for its warp and self-indulgence for its woof, and they have cried ' peace, peace,' in the ears of all who were willing to listen. Now we see the fruits. Sects have become numerous ; but the power that saves from wrong-doing, from selfishness, sensuality and intemperance, is not found, to any great extent, within their precincts; and we view them as so many dead forms, bodies lying in the streets of Christendom, which, being spiritually defined, is Sodom. The witnesses have given away their strength, and the infidel powers are merry. The priesthood have had their mart, and while many have doubtless been undesigning and sincere in the performance of duty, as a body, they have come in with professional doctors and lawyers for their full share of craft; and under a sanctimonious religious garb have sold their services to the highest bidder. The same Spirit that gave power unto the two witnesses to shut up the heavens — close the doors to the spirit world for a time — has now re opened the doors. The Angel seen by the Revelator John, that descended to earth, lightening it with glory, has come down in the nineteenth century and proclaims with a loud voice ' Babylon the great is fallen! ' Inasmuch as ' she has become the hold of foul spirits, a cage for unclean and hateful birds, and has glorified herself and lived deliciously, so much torment and sorrow are held in reserve, and will be meted out to her.' Spiritualism, in its ancient dress, had its place with the prophets of olden time, and did its work adapted to the day in which they lived. And when these prophets were visited by the Christ Spirit they were inspired with the glorious truths of the coming ages — the veil was lifted from their eyes and they stretched forth their hands while under the prophetic powers which attended them, and pointed to the glory to be revealed, when the harvesting angels would be sent to thrust in the sharp sickle to reap the tares and the wheat which had been suffered to grow together until the harvest. They could only point the way as far as their spiritual telescope permitted them to see it. The Spiritualism of to-day, in its present form, is a disintegrating power. It is shaking the foundations of the orthodox Churches, and they do not possess vital force enough to withstand the mighty shocks which they are caused to feel from interior spheres. And the prophets of the present time are warning both priests and people to leave the old theological temples built of stones that have never been tested by the rod of truth, as seen in vision by Herman for they cannot stand as they are now organized. ' Time flies swiftly,' and the spiritual powers are working mightily. In many classes in society there is a fearful looking toward a tribunal which they feel that they must meet, which to them will be a day of sorrow not joy, darkness and not light, for the reason that they are strongly joined to their idols and they want to be let alone, even if their temple and idols all perish together. Manifold are the thoughts and plans to avert the sequence of the revolutionary tendencies which are at work, and prevent great changes in evangelical councils, in this moving, progressive age. Messengers are sent to distant lands, and oecumenical councils are held, while the ecclesiastical powers of the old and new worlds combine to prevent, if possible, a fatal issue. Now is the time for the true saints of God to utter the prayer of faith, continue in watching, and fast from the indulgence of inferior passions of body and soul. Let the winds of heaven blow, and separate the chaff from the wheat, the false from the true. When some of the debris of hypocritical profession which has been covered up by anti-Christ is cleared away, a vitalizing, quickening spirit of divine life will energize and uplift humanity, and by practical goodness bring them into communion with God. The Angels of Spiritualism that are guiding the cars of progress call upon all to make ready for their coming.