THE SABBATH OF SABBATHS The student of Jewish history finds much of interest to attach him to the fact that a power above the selfishness of man was in constant exercise, working for the resurrection of that peculiar people of the Judean period. I say constantly working; for although set times were indicated when the results of this unselfish power should be especially manifested, yet, ere the next anniversary for the manifestation of the same humanitarian spirit arrived, the influence of its predecessor had not become extinct. And although there has been a scattering of the Israelites, and the hands of many nations have been turned against the Jews, yet we find that the influence of their Sabbaths has apparently become an innate principle, so that a Jew has, if able, ever been ready to help a brother Jew. We have, among professedly Christian people, a day intended to correspond with the seventh or Sabbath — the Lord's day. We wonder, realizing how nearly universal is the practice to abstain from physical employment on that day, that the mental powers do not present to the people why this should be called the Lord's day; and whether the constant recurrence of the Sabbath is a reminder of the fact that we should so live on that day as the Lord would have us live every day. Is our Christian Sabbath any thing more, generally speaking, than a cessation from physical employment ? Does it compare with the beauteous unselfishness that illustrated the ancient Jewish Sabbaths ? Let us see. ' Six days thou shalt labor and do all thy work, the seventh thou shalt rest,' etc.; and the etcetera was loving thy neighbor as thyself, the rich feeding and administering to the wants of the poor — a reminder of the time when there should be no rich nor poor. Six months were had for me and mine, but the seventh was a holy convocation, during which the higher law of love was in such exercise that the estimation of neighbor above self was in excess till the month ended. Again, six years were allotted to the development of self; during which debtor, creditor, master and slave were, with the above exceptions, the rule. But the seventh was the Sabbatical year, when all debts were canceled and all slaves were free; the land was permitted to rest, and the free spontaneous growth thereof belonged to who should gather it. After seven times seven years came the fiftieth — the Sabbath of Sabbaths. Now were all debts forgiven, all slaves were made free, and the land, the source of all wealth, with property of every description — all reverted back to the people at large, and selfishness became severely shocked. In these Christian days do we not need some of these Sabbatical occasions, at least, to fulfill the beautiful law of loving our neighbors equally with ourselves ? And would not we be nearer the millennial times if the Sabbath of Sabbaths had, for several centuries, been in active illustration upon every fiftieth year ? We are aware that there would be much weeping, some wailing and gnashing of teeth, at the prospect and during the exercise of the power of this Sabbath ; and we doubt not the Jews of old suffered all the pangs of crucifixion to self during this year of godly reproof; but are we, after the better law of Jesus has been preached for centuries, not as able to meet it and to submit to its excellent and universal blessings ? Or are we content with taking a step backward, and glad to console ourselves with the idea that such procedures are now impracticable ? Heaven forbid that there was any good thing practiced by the peculiar people of God in ancient times, that Christians can discard with impunity, until we can substitute something in its stead. W'hat have we substituted for the Sabbath of Sabbaths ? G. A. Lomas, Shakers, N. Y.