ALMOST A CHRISTIAN Dear Elder Frederick : How sad it is that the pleasures of this world and its fashions should have such a blinding influence, and hold in worse than Adamantine Chains so many souls who otherwise might become bright and shining ornaments, if not substantial pillars in the Zion of God on earth. Below is the substance of a note left with us bv an inquirer, showing how near a person may come to a realization of his duty and yet fail to make the requisite sacrifice to obtain the pearl of great price—the enduring treasure. 'As this is the most important step that can be taken in life, I feel that it ought not to be taken without deep consideration. ' Earnestly desiring to find truth, yet I have no desire to hastily arrive at conclusions which I may afterward regret, I feel that my knowledge of Shakerism is not large enough to govern me in taking a step which should, when once taken, be life-long in its duration. ' I freely admit that the faith of the Shakers has impressed me favorably, and it appears to me to be the only true and just way of solving the great problems that agitate the public mind. All my impressions have been favorable, yet I am undecided. The importance of the step makes me hesitate before I take it. I have no wish to put my hand to the plow and then draw back. ' When I look at the importance of the step which involves the giving up of the ambitions and dreams of youth, a separation from the busy world, its many attractions, and a long farewell to friends, I feel more than ever the need of divine assistance to guide me to a right decision. ' To substitute, for worldly hopes and ambitions, the quiet and retired life of a Shaker, and to live a life founded upon the highest and most divine part of man's nature, is indeed a noble aim. To carry into every-day life principles so high and lofty as to discard self, must require a strong measure of faith in those who do it. I wish my faith and zeal were equal to it.' We trust that young man may not have to grope his way ^through the wilderness of sin, and in twenty or more years find he has been chasing an empty bubble, and regret that he had not had moral courage to break away from the world while he had health, strength and ability to battle for the truth and right. With Love unfeigned we greet you. Unbounded thanks for the pleasurable interview and kind entertainment received during our recent visit to your abode. May the blessing of Heaven be with you all. And may the sad afflictions which have befallen your society be overruled to our ultimate good — as a people — in an increase of wisdom, charity and unflinching devotion to the pure Gospel of Jesus and Ann, Is the Prayer of your Brother, John Whitely, Ayer, Mass.