[For the Shaker and Shakeress.] Deak Editors : I was much edified and comforted, while perusing the excellent article on the ' Gift of Tongues and the Gift of Healing' in the March number of your valuable paper. I love the cause of truth, and am interested in SHAKEEES8. its increase; and I would work to promote it, but I find that my best efforts are feeble. I have faith in Spiritual Gifts. Four years ago I attended a Spiritual Convention in St. Paul, Minn. I there met with three young women who were called Mediums. They sang and talked in the Indian tongue, greatly to my satisfaction. I was convinced that they were entirely ignorant of the language, except as they were influenced by other minds. 1 have also been used as an instrument to help the sick and maimed, by laying on of hands, which was effected through faith, and by earnest prayer. For many years I have been seeking for an increase of light and truth. I formerly be lieved that ' Christ would come in the literal clouds of heaven,' and set up His kingdom on earth, to reign a thousand years, and my mind was much exercised concerning that event; for I believed the prophetic periods were fulfilled. About that time I obtained the book entitled ' Millennial Church.' From it I received much light concerning the manner — not the time — of the Second Advent. Instead of looking for Christ to appear personally, in the atmospheric clouds of earth, I turned my eyes to look for a spiritual appearing in a cloud of witnessing Saints — 'Clouds of Witnesses to compass us about, and Saviours that would come upon Mt. Zion to judge the Mt. of Esau ' — the heavenly would judge the earthly. From that time to the present I have been in unison with Believers (or Shakers) in feeling and in practical life, as far as circumstances would permit. Family ties and temporal conditions have prevented me from walking in close relationship, and now, while I am writing, there are mountains and valleys which divide us; yet I try to commune with you in spirit. I am also trying, in my feeble way, to influence people here in Winona, who believe it is their duty to live in the marriage relation, to regard the law of Nature, which is use, and I think my efforts in this direction have not been entirely fruitless. There is a spiritual song—from which I have derived much comfort — that I understand originated in your Society. With your permission I would be pleased to have it appear in the Shaker and Shakeress : ' On the beautiful hills of Truth we will roam, For there the sweet flowers of purity bloom ; We'll gather the immortal fruits that there grow, And drink of the 'well-springs of life ' that flow; We'll inhale the pure breezes of that healthful clime, And. unite in the strains of music divine. O, there is our home ! when life's conflicts are o'er, We'll join our blest kindred who've passed on before.' Cornelia L. ClarK, Winona, Minn.