RESPIRATION AND VENTILATION We need to breathe more pure air, that the venous blood may be properly changed. The purity of the air is affected by every respiration. The quantity of oxygen is diminished, the amount of carbonic acid increased, and a certain amount of watery vapor is expelled from the lungs in the expired air. If we rebreathe air it does not part with its remaining oxygen as freely as when it contained the proper amount of this element, consequently the same changes will not be effected in the lungs. We are familiar with the fact that a taper will not burn where carbonic acid exists in any considerable quantity. Hence the judicious practice of sinking a lighted candle into a well, before descending into it. A man may enter a subterranean passage and feel no inconvenience in breathing, while the dog that follows him falls apparently dead and soon dies, if not speedily removed to pure air. This arises from the fact that the carbonic acid sinks to the bottom of the cave. Birman says the air we breathe should not contain more than three and one-half per cent of carbonic acid. And as air once respired contains eight and a half per cent of carbonic acid, it clearly shows that it is not fitted to be breathed again. Physiologists tell us that from seven to ten cubic feet of air are necessary for a man to breathe each minute. Conditions varying the amount, such as size, age, and habit. The effects of breathing the same air again and again are well illustrated by an incident that occurred in one of our halls of learning. A large audience had assembled to hear a lecture ; soon the lamps burned so dimly that the speaker and audience were nearly enveloped in darkness. The oppression, dizziness, and faintness, experienced by many of the audience, induced them to leave, and in a few minutes after the lamps were observed to rekindle, owing to the exchange of pure air on opening the door. We are familiar with the fate of the Englishmen who were imprisoned in the Black-Hole of Calcutta. A schoolroom, fifteen feet square and eight feet high, contains about 3,600 cubic feet of air. This room will seat thirty pupils, and allowing ten cubic feet of air to each pupil, per minute, all the air in the room will be vitiated in twelve minutes. We exclude the pure air from our sick rooms for fear the patient may take cold, forgetting it is one of Nature's best restorers. We should give more attention, in building, to ventilation, even at the expense of the architectural beauty. We open sewers for matters that offend the sight, or the smell, and contaminate the air. Our food and drink must be free from impurities. We even avoid drinking from a cup that may have been pressed to the lips of a friend. On the other hand, we assemble in crowds and draw into our mouths air loaded with effluvia from the lungs, skin, and clothing, of every individual present — exhalations offensive, to a certain extent, from the most healthy. But, when arising from a living mass of skin and lungs, in all stages of evaporation and disease, prevented by the walls and ceiling from escaping, they are, when thus concentrated, in the highest degree injurious and loathsome. William Conway, West Pitts field