WATCH THE THOUGHTS The human mind is ever active. Thoughts ebb and now like the tidal waves of the ocean. They need watching, and guarding. If kept in a proper channel, under the control of moral principles — natural and spiritual laws — they produce good fruits ; and are powerful agents to uplift and restore mankind to a normal, healthy condition of soul and body, from which they have departed, through the indulgence of perverted thoughts, which have given birth to unrighteous deeds. Evil thoughts are the parents of evil deeds. Thoughts, like links in a chain, are connected together, either in the false, or the true. It is highly important that young minds, in a special manner, should have proper nutrition, and avoid unhealthy stimulants that would excite the brain, and invert the moral and spiritual faculties of the soul. Natural, physical truth, should coalesce with spiritual divine truth; and form a strong magnet to draw and hold intelligences, and operate in concert together, to progress humanity from one degree of knowledge and goodness to another ; for all truth is of God. I am now in the morning of life, and have yet many years before me in this world, if I should only attain unto Jialf the allotted age of man — three score and ten ; — and I have a desire to address a few thoughts to my young companions in the gospel work, through the Shakeress, and to give expression to feelings of gratitude which well up in my heart, for the many blessings which I am daily enjoying; and for the peace of mind that I find, in walking the path of purity — the highway of holiness. In obedience to truth, as I have been able to comprehend it, I have found food for mind and body; and have drank of living spiritual waters, which have been sweet to my taste — far sweeter than the transient pleasures of earth. The youthful mind — unrestrained — seeks happiness in things that are vain and perishable. It grasps whatever is fairest, and will yield the greatest amount of pleasure, for the time being, without regard to future consequences. Many of the fairest flowers that bloom, wither and fade in a few short hours, and disappear like a phantom, leaving disappointment — regrets — remorse. Since I have turned my mind to take counsel of Wisdom and Prudence, which dwell together, I have found, that in the fear of God, and in works of righteousness, are enduring joys. And, as the mind becomes elevated and purified, and learns to subsist upon substantial food, it loses its relish for the artificial, and for the grosser elements ; and is more and more able to discern the beauty and excellence of a truly spiritual, and consecrated life. Wisdom's path is indeed pleasant to walk in — peaceful and pure. This path I have chosen, aad in it lam joyful — hopeful—and strong. In it I am shielded, in a large degree, from the blighting influences of sin, which bring sorrow and death, to the immortal spirit. My dear young friends and companions in the Gospel, let us renew our pledges of fidelity to true principles, and henceforth, let our lives be hid with Christ, under the covert of Truth. Martha A. Burger, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.