NATURAL RIGHTS vs. GOVERNMENTAL USURPATION In a letter to James Madison, dated Paris, September 6, 1789, Thomas Jefferson says: 'The question, whether one generation of men has a right to bind another, seems never to have been started either on this or our side of the water. Yet it is a question of such consequence as not only to merit decision, but a place also among the fundamental principles of every government. The course of reflection in which we are immersed here, on the elementary principles of society, has presented this question to my mind; and that no such obligation can be transmitted, I think, very capable of proof. I set out on this ground, which I suppose to be self evident, that the earth belongs in usufruct totheliving: that the dead have neither powers nor rights over it. The portion occupied by any individual ceases to be his when he himself ceases to be, it reverts to society. If society has formed no rules for the appropriation of its lands In severalty, it will be taken by the first occupant, and these will generally be the wife and children of the decedent. If they have formed rules of appropriation, those rules may give it to the wife and children, or to some one of them, or to the legatee of the deceased So they may give it to his creditor. But the child, the legatee or creditor takes it not by natural right, but by a law of the society of which he is a member, and to which he is subject. Thus, no man can, by natural right, oblige the lands he occupied, or the persons who succeed him in that occupation, to the payment of debts contracted by him. For if he could, he might, during his own life, eat up the usufruct of the lands for several generations to come; and then the lands would belong to the dead, and not to the living, which is the reverse of our principle. * * * ' Suppose Louis the XIV, and Louis the XV had contracted debts in the name of the French nation to the amount of ten thousand milliards, and that the whole had been contracted in Holland. The interest on this sum would be five hundred milliards, which is the whole rent-roll or net proceeds of the territory of France. Must the present generation retire from the territory in which nature produces them and cede it to' the Dutch creditors ? No ; they have the same right over the soil on which they were produced as the preceding generations had. They derive their rights not from them, but from nature. They, then, and their soil are, by nature, clear of the debts of their predecessors. To present this in another point of view : suppose Louis XV and his cotemporary generation had said to the money lenders of Holland, 'Give us money that we may eat, drink and be merry in our day ; and on condition that you will demand no interest until the end of thirty years, you shall then forever after receive an annual interest of fifteen per cent.' The money is lent on these conditions, is divided among the people, eaten, drunk and squandered. Would the present generation be obliged to apply the produce of the earth and of their labor to replace their dissipation ? Not at all. * * * ' On similar ground it may be proved that no society can make a perpetual constitution, or even a perpetual law. The earth belongs always to the living generation ; they may manage it, then, and what proceeds from it, as they please during their usufruct. They are masters, too, of their own persons, and consequently may govern them as they please. But persons and property make the sum of the objects of government.' In a letter to Dr. Gem, Jefferson says: ' Buffon gives us a table of twenty-three thousand nine hundred and ninety-four deaths, stating the ages at which they happened. To draw from these the result I have occasion for, I suppose a society in which twenty-three thousand nine hundred and ninety-four persons are born every year, and live to the age stated in Button's table. Then the following inferences may be drawn: Such society will consist, constantly, of six hundred and seventeen thousand seven hundred and three persons, of all ages. Of those living at any one instant of time, one-half will be dead in twenty-four years and eight months. In such a society, ten thousand six hundred and seventy-flve will arrive every year at the age of twenty-one years complete. It will constantly have three hundred and forty-eight thousand four hundred and seventeen persons, of all ages above twenty-one years; and the half of those of twenty-one years and upward living at any one instant of time will be dead in eighteen years and eight months, or say nineteen years. Then the contracts, constitutions and laws of every such society become void in nineteen years from their date.' In a letter to John W. Eppes, dated June 24, 1813, Jefferson says: ' The earth belongs to the living, not to the dead. The will and power of man expire with his life by nature's law ' In a letter to Major John Cartwright, dated June 5,1824, Jefferson says : ' Can one generation bind another, and all others in succession forever? I think not. The Creator has made the earth for the benefit of the living, not the dead. Bights and powers can only belong to persons, not to things. * * * a generation may bind itself as long as its majority continues in life ; when that has disappeared, another majority is in place, hold all the rights and powers their predecessors once held, and may change their laws and institutions to suit themselves. Nothing, then, is unchangeable but the inherent and inalienable rights of man.' Equity.