COMPLIANCE The Laws of God are immutable — unchangeable— as the source whence they proceed. Those laws are not only operative upon large bodies of mind and matter, but descend to, and take cognizance of, small objects and atoms. It is said: ' Not a sparrow falls to the ground unnoticed.' Hence, obedience to the laws, in small, as well as in things of greater moment, is necessary to secure the blessing. All causes, whether great or small, will produce their legitimate effects. King Solomon said: l' Train up a child in the way he (or she) should go, and when he (or she) is old he (or she) will not depart from it '— implying that impressions first stamped upon the mind and memory are not soon erased. If children are taught obedience to that which is right and just, in little things, a foundation of character is laid for after life ; and it is far easier for those who have rendered fealty to parents and guardians, while in a iuvenile state, to regard law and order, when, at more mature age, they engage in the duties of life, in an enlarged sphere of action, whether it be in social relations — governmental, or religious — there are laws pertaining to each, and all. Is there not, therefore, an important duty, which guardians of children and youth are bound to feel in regard to them, which few seem to realize ? Do not the inmates of jails, and prison houses, strongly rebuke the fathers who begot, and the mothers who bore them — then neglected and left them, half cultured — half subdued, if subdued at all — to grow up in self-will, and non-compliance with the desires of their parents or guardians ? As a general rale, children who are allowed to disobey their parents, and disregard the counsel and admonition of friends, do not listen to the voice of conscience in the soul, and are left to be tossed upon the billows of their passional natures, subject to the winds that are created in the haunts of vice ; and often, intoxicating drink, which fevers the brain, and sets on fire the animal, sensual passions, tempts — allures — and draws them into a vortex of vice, from which it is not easy for them to extricate themselves. I am happy, at every recollection, that I was taught the principle of obedience, in early life. My parents placed me under the care and guardianship of Believers, when I was but three years of age. With a firm hand they led me — in wisdom counseled me — and in love, chided me for my faults, and taught me to yield my will and judgment to my superiors, and to those of riper age. In compliance with those instructions, I was shielded from harm, and my young life was peaceful and pleasant. Now, that I have passed beyond the childhood state, reason and conscience call for a continuation of the principle of Obedience. There are physical, moral and spiritual laws, which we must obey, if we would enjoy health and happiness. A departure therefrom, always result in pain and suffering. I have full confidence that the observance of Law — natural and spiritual — will restore Order and harmony, bring souls into union with God, and establish just relations in the human family. Ellen Green, Canaan, N. Y.