MEDIATORIAL CONFESSION ' He that covereth his sins shall not prosper, but whoso confesseth and forsaketh his sins shall find mercy.' From whom does man seek to cover his sins ? Surely not from Him unto whose eyes ' all things are naked and open,' but from his fellow mortals. If the private deeds of a person's life will not bear the scrutiny of a righteous man or woman, who lives innocently before God and mankind, how will they come to Him whose presence is a consuming fire to all iniquity — to Him who dwelleth in the light which no man can see nor approach unto, and retain a carnal life within him ? Would not such feel as did the children of Israel when they said to Moses ' Let ua not hear again the voice of the Lord our God, neither let us see His great fire any more. Speak thou with us and we will hear, but let not God speak with us lest we die.' And the Lord said to Moses ' They have spoken well. I will raise them up a Prophet from among their Brethren, and I will put my words in his mouth, and he shall speak unto them all that I shall command him.' Accordingly, Jesus testified ' The Father gave me a commandment what I should say and what I should speak, and I know that His commandment is life everlasting. Whatsoever I speak, therefore, even as the Father said unto me, so I speak.' This faithful witness taught ' He that doeth evil hateth the light, neither coineth to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved,' or made manifest. This is confirmed by tracing the effect of transgression. There was first a sense of shame or guilt; next a desire to conceal their shame from each other; and third a desire to hide from the light of their superior, which would make manifest or reprove their sin. This is history, not only of the first pair in Eden, but of all their posterity to this day. Hence, when the light and knowledge of ' the beginning ' (termed the Ancient of Daps because it is the light of the most ancient principles which existed before all things created) is revived and received in the soul, it first reproves or convicts it of sin; and the first step that can be taken to regain union with God is to voluntarily remove the covering by honestly bringing all sin to the light of God in His witnesses (whose works are wrought in and of the light, or they cannot be true witnesses), with a firm resolution to forsake them forever. This destroys the false covering of hypocrisy by which the enemy tries to hide, not only from others -but from ourselves also. For souls to rehearse their evil deeds shamelessly, without desire for repentance, to comrades or confederates is not confession, but only adding darkness to darkness. God has promised to ' stain the pride of all flesh;' and what can more effectually accomplish this than 'to expose its filthiness and hypocrisy to that light which it stands most in fear of ? This process, so simple that a child is able to comprehend it, is found by experience to affect the chief adversary of the soul as the stone from David's sling affected the proud champion of the enemies of Israel— it lays him low. Therefore, those who have experienced the effect of genuine confession to God in His witnesses, need none of this reasoning. Some, who admit the propriety of confessing sin, object to the presence of living witnesses— confessing to man as they term it. Let such candidly examine their hearts and see if the principal objection does not lie in the cross. If so, the benefit will be in proportion, as it will constitute an equal barrier against subsequent transgression. Moreover, this is strong evidence that the requirement is not of human, but of Divine origin. Let us look a little further into this matter. It appears evident that principles have no power to manifest only as they are embodied in organization. At least, such is their presentation to us. Organization requires superiority of parts, that there may be harmony and concert in action. For without superiority there can be no dependence, and without dependence no government or controlling center of unity and interest. Again, distinct orders of principles require distinct forms of organization for their complete and distinct manifestation. Thus mineral and vegetable organizations are not adapted to principles of intelligent action. In the animal creation inferior to man, none are adapted to manifest reasoning intelligence, and much less religious sentiment and moral responsibility. But man, as representative of the Creator, combines all previous manifestations, and more also. Though many inferior objects of Creation surpass man in the exhibition of particular qualities — as certain animals in strength and fleetness — and the operations of the elements in magnitude and power of effect, yet man is found superior in that he possesses an intelligence which is able to comprehend all and even compel them to servitude— while no other visible object, nor all of them together, can comprehend man nor enslave him. Hence we find in man the highest visible manifestation of Intelligent Deity. Yet man, enslaved by his sensual nature, hating the light which would expose and reprove his sin, and fearing the loss of its pleasures, is far more likely to form of his fallen affections an ' Image (or imagination) of the beast,' before which to offer up his adorations, than he is to discern the Image and likeness of the God. 'For where the true treasure is, there will the heart be also,' and ' without holiness no man shall see the Lord.' It is, therefore, in vain for man to look for God as a Dispenser of forgiveness and salvation from sin, except in His duly accredited messengers or purified Saints, before whom as the Judgment seat of Christ, the covering must be taken off and all things made manifest. The Faithful and True Witness has declared ' There is nothing covered that shall not be revealed, neither hid that shall not be known.' The covering referred to is hypocrisy, of which he had just cautioned his disciples to beware. 'And there is nothing secret which shall not be made manifest.' ' That which makes manifest is light. He that doeth righteousness cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest that they are wrought in God. He that dwelleth in God, dwelleth in light, and all his works are open, going beforehand to Judgment. For God is Light, and in Him is no darkness at all.' Know ye not that the Saints shall judge the world ? 'And ye shall sit on twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of [spiritual] Israel.' It alters not the purpose nor the wisdom of God that the sacred mediatorial office has been usurped by the false Prophet that succeeded the fall of the Primitive Church, and abused by false Christs.who profess to teach in Christ's name but deny him in works. Both characters were foretold and described by the true Witness, and the prediction has been amply verified through many centuries to the present day. But the fact of a counterfeit affirms the existence of the genuine original — and the latter cannot be debased nor its virtue and efficiency diminished by a spurious imitation, however well executed. And however highly esteemed the spurious may be, in the absence of the genuine, it should not deceive those who possess the genuine. It must fall into disrepute and neglect, wherever the genuine prevails. Alonzo Hollister, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.