TEMPERANCE We feel deeply interested in the Temperance cause. We watch its progress as we read the public prints, and pray for its success. We look upon it as the reformatory movement of the present decade, as the abolition of Slavery was the leading movement of the last decade, in which we witnessed the liberation of four millions of the human race from chattel slavery. We rejoice that this foul stain is so far removed from our land of free institutions. It now remains for the plague spot of Intemperance to be blotted out, which is in reality more pernicious in effect, morally considered, than Slavery, inasmuch as it is spread over nearly the whole habitable globe, and the high and low, the rich and poor, fall a prey to this great destroyer, and are held by hands stronger than the chains which held the colored race in servile bondage. Those strong chains held the outward forms, and did much to demoralize; but they did not bind the soul and kill the spiritual aspirations of the heart, like alcoholic drink. Intemperance enslaves and degrades the physical, mental, moral and spiritual powers — spoils the whole — until man and woman, who were formed in the image of God, sink lower in the scale of being than the brute creation. We bless every effort to raise humanity out of such fallen conditions. We bless, in a special manner, the efforts of ¦women in this direction — the praying bands. We believe they are influenced by the Mother Spirit in Deity, and are sustained by supernatural power, and while they keep humble and lowly in spirit their labors will be blest. Those who are called into the Resurrection Order, to follow Christ in word and deed, must learn to be temperate in all things ; to use every blessing as not abusing it, and be careful that we do not, by misuse, turn blessings into curses. We are called to lay the ax of truth at the root of the corrupt tree, which bears many kinds of evil fruit, and by a life of self-denial, crucify and rise above all debasing passions and desires—to be free, not only from alcoholic drinks and tobacco, in every form, but from all lusts of body and mind, that would lead the soul from God, and learn to be pure in heart — live in chastity—free from every evil thought and imagination. If we thus fulfill our calling, we shall rejoice in every thing that will tend to elevate the race and lead to a higher life. Nancy G. Danford, Canterbury, N. H.