FEELING SUBORDINATE TO PRINCIPLE Principle is the foundation of character. It should rule personal feeling, and govern the motions and actions, in the performance of every duty. Small particles of earth form great mountains. Little thoughts and feelings produce actions — deeds — which form and determine character. Though separately considered they may appear small as a grain of sand, yet they are the moulding element of the human mind, and should be of such type as to fit us for the companionship of each other, and for the society of Angels. Scripture teaches that ' The tree is known by its fruit.' A tree must have roots, else it could not live. Are not principles, which are the basis of character, like the roots of a tree and the external conduct the fruit produced ? It has been said 'A good man, out of the treasure of the heart, bringeth forth good things ; and an evil man, out of the evil treasure, bringeth forth evil things.' ' Out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh.' How important that in early life we should study to understand the necessity of bringing our feelings and inner life under discipline. It is as essential to our moral and spiritual development as pure air and wholesome food are requisite for physical growth. If we would be substantial members of society, we must begin in the spring-time of life and build securely upon good principles, regardless of personal feelings which would often lead us to deviate from the right. It would be well for young persons who are commencing life's journey, to consider this subject and give it due weight. They, who in childhood and youth have been blest with the influence of moral and spiritual teachers, should be admonished to bear those instructions in mind as they advance in life, and to bring every feeling into subjection to principle, in 'obedience to the law of Christ.' This will require vigilance and self-denial, which will give growth to virtue and leave no room for idleness either of body or mind. Thus we shall be able to help bear the burdens of society and show by our works an unselfish devotion to principle and love of God and humanity. Mary M. Cochrane, Canterbury, N. H.