ABSTINENCE The Apostle Paul, in his epistle to the Thessalonians, said : 'Abstain from all appearance of evil.' He also urged the necessity of adding to knowledge, temperance, patience and godliness, and taught that a bishop could not be blameless, unless he became temperate, and that'' aged men ' in the Church ' should be grave and temperate, and the aged women likewise should not be given to much wine, but teachers of good things.' It is a great point to be attained, to be able to act from principle in all things. In eating and drinking, if governed by perverted appetites — either in quality or quantity — instead of the law of use — we cannot be blameless. All sensible people, who have given attention to the subject of dietetics, agree that plain, nutritious food is far more healthful to the human system than that which is highly concentrated ; but the plainest, coarsest food may be indulged in to excess, and tend to gluttony. Over-ea.ting, as well as eating improper food at unseasonable hours, is a National sin. An over-taxed, over-loaded stomach produces torpor, deadens the moral sensibilities, and perverts the mind. Through this medium the feelings, thoughts, words and actions are often forced into wrong channels, and thereby many offenses are given and taken by unkind and misdirected words and acts. It is evident that inordinate indulgence of the appetites, in either eating or drinking, beclouds the mind and retards the soul's progress into the higher life. Stimulating drinks, of whatever kind, have a tendency to produce nervous excitement, for a time, then to leave a feeling of lassitude and depression. All food is more or less stimulating, necessarily so in order to nourish and give vital force and action. Highly-seasoned food, however palatable it may be, is not a necessity ; but whenever indulged in, it engenders disease, which produces suffering, and entails misery upon 45 SHAKEE the human family — one great cause of the degeneracy, in health and morals, at the present time. The needed reform in this regard will be attained through self-denial only. It is far easier to form correct habits when young than to change erroneous practices, of long standing, in advanced life. Hence, my young friends will bear with me while I exhort them to commence early in life to lay a foundation of good physical health, by Temperance in all things. Thus they may live long in the land, be useful and happy, and acquit themselves honorably, to the satisfaction of mortals and the joy of Angels. Bosie Morse, Shirley, Mass.