OUR JUSTIFICATION As individuals, what is our standing before God ? Our walks in life, as moral beings, may be circumspect before men. We may, from our youth up, have kept the letter of the law, and yet in our hearts have many concealments which the light of our own consciences condemn, and in the sight of God are not justifiable. We may be morally honest, having been truthful in our language and just in our dealing, yet fail of coming to the standard of a Christian, because of omissions and commissions — hidden sins — which the light of God would condemn, and which hold us in bondage until confessed before a man of God — our witness. 'Confess yonr faults, one to another.' James, 5 : 16. ' If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.' 1st John, 1: 9. With all the ostensible fairness of honesty and justice before men — with all our conscientiousness and correctness in living to the letter of the law, which has thereby given us great external salvation, conferred upon us worldly honor and places us in exalted positions in society, we are but moral beings. Before God, we are dishonest and unjust, until we sacrifice and bring ourselves to that order of life, which truly gives us the Christian character. Our justification is derived only from being true and honest to principles — true to the convictions of our own souls — the light which we have received, personally. Measuring ourselves by other men, making them standards of righteousness for us, will never give us justification. It is but a foolish attempt to throw off responsibility — an acknowledgment of imbecility. As truth alone will ultimately prevail, in its wake justice will follow as a reward for every human act. God alone is true. Our only means of justification are in our sacrifices, accepting the teachings of Jesus in all their sternness, making his life our constant example. Thus we enter the paradise of God, walk the golden streets of the New Jerusalem, enjoy the associations of angels, become like them, shorn of all the grossness of a worldly life, redeemed from its generative order, by a baptism into the Christ spirit of the resurrection Order. Abm. Perkins, Canterbury, N. H.