[From a co-worker in the Gospel Workshop.] SWEDISH LETTER Beloved Elder Frederick: I feel very much indebted to your ability and sacrificing spirit. Pray, accept my humble contribution as a member of a little over two years, drawn on by the spirit of religious communism, that does favor the downfall of aristocratic principles, which comprise all evils. Luxury, the murderer of real happiness — Ignorance, indolence, idleness and slothfulness, as co-operators, predominate. Shaker — Soldier of the crusade of the present century — teach — learn the worldling how to subdue the love of money — Mammon — the seducer of honest men, women and children. Shaker, make them acquainted, first of all, with crusader's discipline — a requirement of male and female, that they may understand that there is a certain standard of intelligence to be obtained by being obedient to Orders, essentially necessary to be maintained — as Elder William Reynolds says — a solid ground to stand on. Some libertines object to it, calling it absolutism. Nature, itself, ia absolute. Time is absolute — therefore, we must have Law — Liberty — God. Often, I ask myself, Where are you ? Among Godly people — or in the serpent's or lion's den? I care nothing for such a bugbear as anathema and outlawry of a narrow-minded Christian professor, a mere pretender, but look upon time as an empty field, wherein nothing good will grow itself. We must, first of all, till and build up, with our own hands and muscles, and whatever we then sow, in that field, we will, with God's aid, then reap. In that field pray — in that field work, and the heavenly blessing will join to labor — and if God be with us, who will be against us 1 O, ye wicked ones 1 tiresome it is to you, through care and labor, to gain your daily bread, that you may live comfortably ! Well, then, meet the evil of the time, with the prudence of the wise. Learn to spare, and you will be rich. Learn to be modest with little, and you will observe abundance. Learn to be saving in housekeeping, with what we earn ourselves, and we will never be in pressing wants. But how ? Is it hard for us to dispense with certain indulgences ? Are we servants to our palates ? slaves to our comforts ? O, if we cannot break such fetters then are we worthy of only slave wages — worthy to sink into poverty and reproach. No one will save us, if we do not want to save ourselves, and we, ourselves, will feel it. Our consciences will tell us that. If we don't deny ourselves, we ignore wisdom — we cannot be Christians. True wisdom is in God — comes from God — leads to God — and rests in God. Wisdom makes friends of God. Where wisdom turns in, there is God. Wisdom and Love have Their Habitation. May they inspire and comfort you. Your Brother, in spirit of sympathy and love. Carl O. Audler, South Union, Ky.