FAITH WITHOUT WORKS IS DEAD. WHY IS IT SO? Because they are inseparably connected in principle. All theories, whether scientific or religious, are the seed of their Father, principle, but without the conception of Faith, in 'works, to bear, travail and bring forth, they are an abortion. Works, therefore, are the tangible form of the Eternal Mother, as theory is of the Father. Nurturing and fostering come in place. Work is indispensable, therefore, for the life and growth of all things. The Father is not without the Mother, nor the Mother without the Father, in the Lord, for regeneration, any less than in generation. The mere ' Declaration of Independence ' does not make us free. The striving by works is indispensable, to possessing liberty. Jesus worked and died, on the same principle that a mechanic works for his trade, and the apprentice, must follow the example of his preceptor. So the followers of Christ have the injunction of warfare in self-denial — with the ' way that seemeth right unto a man' and ' the sin that doth so easily beset us.' The objection ' If all were to become Shakers what would become of the world ? ' is a very shallow one. It comprehends neither Christ nor his mission, ' If we do the will we shall know of the doctrine.' Christ, thro' the medium, Jesus, fulfilled the law and all righteousness, independent of marriage, his mission was of a higher order, to introduce the resurrection. He did not condemn marriage, neither do the Shakers. But both have declared that marriage is a sphere that is natural, honorable under the law, but below the sphere of Christ and his resurrection. Resurrection is not only a rising and changing, but a moving and travel, and like the Children of Israel, the present subjects of the Resurrection are now on their camping ground. The trumpet sound is beginning to be heard, for a further remove, ' to be led — in a way we know not,' and expected not — from the physical and moral sickness, disease, misery and crime of Egyptian darkness, toward the land of milk and honey, where the wilderness doth blossom as the rose, with homogeneous vine and fig tree to rest under. Not only so, a language, moral and orthographical, ' pure,' simple, natural, easy, uncontradicting, and perfectly reliable. And we are strongly impressed that the nearer we approach that desirable land of true liberty, the less we will feel disposed to draft the poor brute and fowl into bondage and service, because the strength of the lust of the flesh in concupiscence, and that of the eye, will be reduced, and the plausible but nefarious lust of the appetite also. When the feminine temperance movement is prosecuted, we believe the 'man-child,' who is to ' rule the nations,' will begin to be made manifest. He will no doubt bear the appellation : ' The Lord our Righteousness '— prominent features of temperance, truth and soberness. The injunction to be' temperate in all things ' is of the Father, and will be carried out by the agency of the mother principle, thro' the medium of works, where tlie mother can be seen and is tangible, and where the voice of the Father in theory or word is audible. Deity is Dual, and from the increasing light, the faith is spreading, to become universal. J. Barnett, Pleasant Hill, Ky.