EARTH COOLING A new theory is gaining ground, that the earth is to be destroyed by frost, and not by fire; and that the premonitory symptoms of decline are now upon us, in the form of severe winters. There is abundance of evidence to prove that the arctic regions once enjoyed a temperate, if not a tropical climate. The forests in Greenland, which were once in a growing and thriving state, have been destroyed by the decreasing temperature. Two Frenchmen recently explored the island of Spitzbergen; and a singular fact, noticed by them in connection with this island, is the enormous quantity of floating timber which literally covers the waters of the creeks and bays. How came this timber there, unless it grew in that region ? and, if it grew there, these northern regions must once have had a milder climate. Animals requiring a warm climate, also once flourished in high latitudes. A vessel lately from Alaska, brought to San Francisco a cargo of fossil ivory. The adjacent marshes are full of bones and tusks of ancient elephants, many sticking out of the mud like stumps. A member of an Alaska Fur company afBrms that there is ivory enough on the Yucon river to supply the world for a hundred years. Whether this ivory region extends across the North American continent, or is confined to the country between the Pacific and the mountain range., is not yet determined. A volume might be written, to show that the arctic regions once had a warm climate; but perhaps the above is sufficient. I will now inquire what is the cause of this change in the climate ? Professor Agassiz says the glaciers are moving from the hemispheres toward the equator. Will they finally meet, and thus entirely freeze us up. Among the many theories which have been broached, to account for this phenomenon, there is none which appears more reasonable than that which ascribes it to the decreasing power of the rays of the sun. If the sun should give out, say twenty-five per cent more heat than it now does, the effect would be to increase the circulation of the atmosphere, when the heated air within the tropics would rise upward, and flow toward the poles; while the air in high latitudes would rush toward the equator. This would tend to equalize the temperature all over the globe. On the other hand, if Sol should lose two or three degrees of heat, a less circulation of air would be effected; and, although the tropical world would be nearly as warm, the arctic climate would approach nearer the equator. The region where we live has been called a temperate climate ; but it is becoming almost an arctic one. It is in the nature of things, to have one or two cold winters, and then one or two mild ones. In comparing our winters with those of former times, we must compare cold winters with cold ones, and mild wintei-s with mild ones. As the great luminary, the sun, is of such vast dimensions, it will perhaps be two or three hundred thousand years before its light and heat will go entirely out. In philosophizing upon the increasing frigidity of our latitude, would it not be well to take cognizance of the decrease of the earth's internal heat — not lay too much to Sol ? Editor. J. B. Poole, Hancock, Mass.