TREES OF LIFE (Rev. 22,1.) ' He showed me a pure river of water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb.' This river was Truth— abstract Truth. On either side of the river, a tree of life, bearing fruit; and ' the leaves of the tree, on one side, were for the healing of the nations, and there shall be no more curse.' The Natural and Spiritual Orders are here set forth in a vivid and very striking manner. First, the Natural, or Reproductive Order — now under so much curse — is to be healed, and the curse removed. All truth, thereto pertaining, will be in practical operation, creating a millennial state. Over-population, Famine, War, Prostitution of life powers, Physical disease, Poverty, and mental infirmities shall cease to be. Like Moses, the people shall become servants of God. Faithful in all the household of nature, on the earth plane, they will sing the song of Moses — truth, in all things relating to the body. They shall see the God of generation, face to face. Man and Woman, being equal in legislation, will observe the true Sexual laws, protected by Statute, in the New Earth. The Land will be held by government, for the benefit of the people. To live, all must eat, and food can come only from the land. So shall all who eat, labor, and not consume the food of other people. Peace and Plenty will abound — there being no more curse. On the opposite side of the river of Truth — of Life — will be the Spiritual Tree of Life — the Resurrection Order. In this Order are the pure in heart, who see God — the God of celibacy — Christ Spirits. Jesus saw Him and Her. Their life is cut off from the earth. They neither look, nor think, upon the opposite Sex, to desire them in physical reproduction. These see Christ, face to face, and His and Her character is written in their foreheads, and throughout their whole physical system. Like Christ Angels, their sexual relation is purely Spiritual. Their Lord and God give them Light, and they shall reign forever —¦ not over the lusts of the flesh and mind only, but over the generative life itself. Pure Truth, from the Heaven of Heavens — the inner Seventh Sphere — the esse of creation — will flow to them continually. Christ, the Lord God of the holy Prophets, sent his Angel, one of the ancient Prophets, to John, to reveal to him a view of the two Orders, of which, the Prophets and Prophetesses, of all nations, had spoken, under various types and symbols —that Truth would become incarnated upon Earth — the Kingdom of God would come, in which the will of God would be done upon Earth, as in the Christ Heaven. These two Orders will balance each other. Depopulating agencies will be no longer needful. Natural increase, in the Earthly Order will be held in check by the rational faculty, which will deter a human pair,from conferring life, unless that life be a blessing. And the Spiritual Order will balance the reproductive principle, by celibacy. Truth will come, whose right it is to reign. Blessed are they who do his commandments, that they may have right to the tree of Spiritual Life — Life, eternal, as the Throne of God. Was ever more beautiful vision presented to human soul ? A pure river of water of life, flowing down from the Throne of God, through the mouth of all the Prophets and Seers, since the world began, coming into holy souls, who will receive truth, in the love of truth.