A PROTEST How are we going to sustain morality enough for a foundation to build the principles of Christianity upon 1 It is now twenty-four years since I first imbibed the principles of a Shaker life. In that time there have been over one hundred children brought into our Society with the expectations of making members, adopting the faith and principles of a Christian life. And to-day, out of that number I count four males and ten females; the balance have turned again to seek Esau's portion. The question arises, What is the cause? The response must be, a greater love for sensuality than for a life of Virgin Purity. And shall the responsibility rest upon the parents for the low state of morals ? A question which can easily be answered by one who has had much deal with children. Jesus said by the Fruit the tree is known. And so it is in the work of generation. Parents, who violate the Order of nature, in a total disregard to times and seasons, in their work of generation, must expect the fruit brought forth will be of a disorderly character—dwarfs, deformed, sensual and may be devilish, to the degree that they have allowed their lower passions to rule and govern them, in the work of generation. Corrupted and abused as those functions are, they are still supported and maintained by professors of Christianity, by legal ceremony under the name of divine institution. Where is the evidence that the nature of the act is purified, or the shame taken away by snch means ? For although the Most Reverend and pious divines may exert all their piety and all their divinity to gospelize it in their sermons — legalize it in their marriage ceremonies — sanctify it by their fervent prayers — they can neither take away the shame of the act nor purify the nature of it. Not long since I heard a woman state, in public assembly, the following. Placing herself between a company of Shakers and a company that were not of our faith, she said : ' I have been thinking, since I came here, If Jesus Christ should rise up among us and draw the dividing line, which side he would choose for His followers ? ' These friends clad in a plain uniform dress manifest the spirit that actuates them. ' The dress /have on is not one of my own choice. I would choose to dress, differently. It was imposed upon me contrary to my feelings. But you know, sisters (addressing those of her own life), the scorn heaped upon any one that dares to be out of fashion is enough to crush a body. This is my first visit. I came yesterday from the City of New York — the Great Babylon, where the ministers are to-day discussing the social question in terms of greatest smoothness and soft words, so as not to offend the delicacy of their hearers. I'll tell you how it is, friends. Many that you see decked in so gay attire are too poor to pay for those dresses, and so they sell their bodies to get what they call Pin money.' Then turning to the males, she said : ' You men (brothers) make laws against Adultery, and then hire your sisters to break them.' This is but a short clause of the words uttered, that seemed like awful truths. And I would that all could have heard them, who are still pleading for carnal gratification on the animal plane. As we live a celibate life —A life of Virgin Purity — as a matter of necessity we draw, from you, material to sustain our institution. And, dear friends, we want something besides animals to be our successors, to hand down to mankind this heavenly gospel treasure that we hold so dear in our hearts — A life Of Virgin Purity. In love. Andrew Barrett, Mount Lebanon, N. Y.