DR. MILLER'S CONVERSION Dear Father Evans : For several years I have been an opponent of Spiritualism. I believed it was all the work of deceivers and frauds. I had seen so much deception amongst those who called themselves mediums, and so many who had been made converts by these frauds, that I had come to the conclusion that all so-called mediums were deceivers. I had, on several occasions, been selected by public audiences to act on committees to test the manifestations of mediums, and had, on almost every occasion, found in these mediums such evidences of fraud, that I had lost faith in the whole of them. I had examined several mediums in private, and among them the Hough boy at Apollo Hall before 2,000 people, and at Tammany Hall I was chosen to test Warren. All the parties mentioned positively refused to submit to the tests I thought necessary to convince me that their manifestations were not tricks. I still think the mediums referred to, many times, practiced deceptions on their audiences. In December last I went to Chittenden, Vermont, to see the Eddy brothers, and I expected to find the biggest kind of a fraud there. When I left home I expected to be gone three or four days, and to be able to come back and show just how they managed to deceive those who go to see them; but, to my surprise, when I had been there that time, I found I did not know any thing about how it was done. The result of my visit was, I staid fifteen days and came away thoroughly convinced that however much deception and trickery there might be amongst other mediums, there was something genuine at the Eddys. I staid there long enough to examine every thing about the seance room, as well as every part of the premises, and I am now fully satisfied that spirits do materialize, and large numbers of them too, and they appear in substantial form, can be seen and felt, and heard to speak, and they are recognized by their friends, and often take them by the hands and kiss them and give the most positive assurances of their identity. During the fifteen days I was there, I saw as many as twelve different spirits a night come out and show themselves. There were representatives of several different nations, amongst them were Egyptians, Italians, Hungarians, Indians, Americans, Europeans and Asiatics. Some of those who were present saw and recognized their own friends, and conversed with them about matters with which none but they and their friends were familiar. Mrs. Eddy, the mother of the Eddy brothers, came out several times, and one night she spoke for half an hour nearly, and some of the time she spoke so loud she could be heard more than twenty yards distant. Honto, an Indian girl, came out several times, and on different occasions she danced, played on musical instruments, materialized shawls and other articles, smoked a pipe, shook hands with different persons, kissed them, sat in their laps, and did many other things. No one could have made me believe that what I saw there was the work of spirits materialized, if I had not seen them with my own eyes, and felt them with my own hands, for I was a regular doubting Thomas. I could not believe except I could test them with all my own senses. This I had a chance to do at Chittenden, Vt. What, then, are the proofs of spirit manifestations that I saw there ? Let me sum them up in a few words. The medium goes into a closet twenty-seven inches wide and seven feet long, that is lathed and plastered on the sides and on the ceiling, with only one small window, and that is covered with a piece of netting, so sealed, that no one could disturb it without its being known, and a door for the medium to enter. The floor and every part is examined and is found in such a condition that no one could get into it except through the door. The closet is examined before the medium goes into it, the medium is examined before he goes in, and we know he has nothing about him but his ordinary clothes on. The seance room is made about as dark as it would be with an ordinary fire in a grate. Within a few minutes after the medium goes in, out comes form after form till as many as thirty-five have come out in one evening. They laugh, dance, sing, jump about, play on musical instruments, materialize shawls and various articles, recognize their friends, talk with them, give them advice, etc., etc. These spirit forms appear and disappear while you are looking at them, as Jesus is said to disappear after the resurrection while talking with the disciples. Hands, arms and faces appear and vanish instantly ; the names of your own friends are written on cards by these hands, amongst those to whom you have never mentioned the name of one of your friends, either living or dead; musical instruments are moved about the room, passing over your head, all the time discoursing sweet music; tables, chairs and other articles are moved about the room by invisible hands; iron rings are put on the arm of the medium and on that of other persons in the room; scores of voices are heard at one time ; six or eight musical instruments are played in concert. All of these things are taking place while the mediums are tied securely, and where there is no chance for confederates to assist in the performance. People tell me I am deceived by these mediums, and that all these things are done by trickery. I used to think so once, but when I had a chance to investigate for myself I was obliged to admit that deception was impossible under the circumstances. I, however, do not expect others to believe what I say about it, any more than I believed what others said when I was told about it. All I can say is, others must go and see for themselves as I did. The bible is full of instances where spirits appeared and talked to those with whom they had missions to perform. I am disposed to think that the spirits that appeared in bible times were of a higher grade than those that appear to modern mediums. I judge the spirits, that are materializing now, are of the lower class; and after a time a higher type will appear, and then we shall get communications that will be of more importance to the human family than any we have up to this time. When we get the highest type of spirit communications we shall develop the highest condition of society, and then Shakerism will be much better known and appreciated than it is at the present time. If there are great truths in Christianity, then there are great truths in Shakerism. I believe the Shakers are putting in practice many of the truths that were taught by the early Christians. The community of property, as inculcated by the disciples of Christ, is certainly carried out in practice by the Shakers. The subjugation of the animal, or of the body, to the spirit or mind, was a doctrine of Christians, and I believe it is also of the Shakers. In my view of things, full three-quarters of the human family ought to be compelled to live celibate lives ; for they are not fit to beget children, and ought to be prohibited from doing so. The race should be perpetuated by the other quarter. Is it not about time to stop entailing disease, deformity, vice and crime in this world ? Let Spiritualism and Shakerism join hands and see what they can do for the salvation of the race. But in thus joining they need to incorporate the hygiene and the baptism of fire and water as it is used at the Home of Health. Yours, for truth, E. P. Miller