TOOLS-TEMPORAL AND SPIRITUAL Man has been denned as a tool-making animal. Certain it is, that no other animal fabricates so great a variety of tools, as does the head of the animal creation — Man. If this be granted, may it not be that the, progress of our race, from the Nomad, or Savage state, toward the highest form of civilization, is indicated by the tools, including machinery, and by the inventive ingenuity displayed in their construction ? The degree of progress, as thus indicated, made by an individual, will be nowhere more clearly expressed — better, or more sharply defined — than in a Shaker Family. The Brother, who comprehends and appreciates the full value of a tool, will prove his comprehension and appreciation by the care exhibited in the use of it, and by the disposal made of it when not in use. Property is largely the result of the invention, construction and care of tools. Rich and poor are terms that simply express the acquired, or improved natural capacity for making and employing tools, in accomplishing the purposes of life. Individuals, coming from the outside world, into a Shaker organization, soon manifest their status, as regards being self supporting, or dependent upon the labor and care of others, by their relation to tools. The selection of a light tool for heavy work, by which it is soon broken, or spoiled; or of a heavy tool for a light job, in which the strength is exhausted before the work is accomplished, determines their inefficiency. Again, is the tool set in a proper place and position, when not in hand ? When done with, is it cleaned and cared for according to its value and importance ? These are vital considerations, affecting the character of the brother who has the tool in possession, — temporary, or permanent. Often, light implements, when out of hand, are thrown down to be lost, or broken by being driven over. Sometimes, tools are wrongfully employedto strike dumb animals, to the injury of the man, the tool and the animal. Such things ought not so to be. A careful enumeration of each tool used in a given job, so that all may be replaced, in good order, when the work is done, is profitable in a property point of view, and commendable as a Christian practice. Of Father Joseph, it is recorded, that he joined to each act and step, a thought of its use. If, in the day of judgment, an account be rendered of every idle word, will not preceding thought avert the idle words ? To us, now is the day of judgment. Let us not despise it, by inattention to small things. What is Spiritualism but a science, instrument, or tool to be used in the great work of human redemption ? It originated among Believers, did its work for seven years, went into the world, with a promise of its return to Zion — was operative, both here and there, through earthly mediums — natural seers and seeresses. Is not the return, thus prophesied of, at hand ? And will not the next step, of demonstration, be in the form of 'materialization? These are the questions to be answered — the problems to be solved. Man comes into being, like the beasts that perish — helpless, dependent and ignorant. The Spiritual faculty exists in him, as a germ, to be unfolded in the future. In Catholicism, was the perversion of the Spiritualism of the Primitive Church. Protestantism was a protest against Spiritualism, per se, because of such perversion. It compounded, into one system, the incongruous elements of great faith in past revelations of God, with infidel denial of all present revelation — of the existence of a living, pulsating Spirit World, with whose inhabitants the good and the bad could hold intelligent intercourse. Protestantism is abnormally materialistic — earthy — was and is 'the second beast that came up out of the earth with power like a Lamb, and like a Lion — of opposite characteristics — believes in no Prophet, until it has killed him. Then it worships him — even as it incorporates animals into its own body, after it has taken their lives. It will give Christian burial to those whom it has slain in heathen warfare — will deal kindly — tenderly— with the men it has wounded and maimed, with infernal instruments — tools — in unchristian battles. In this Babylon, one of the two sexes esteems the other as created for their own use, as part of the animal creation. Yet, that sex brings the other into being and nurses them into masters, who make the Laws and execute them. Protestantism apportions the earth to the few, and feeds the non-producers — aristocrats, soldiers, criminals and paupers — out of the charity that should have equally divided the land, the product whereof it now unequally divides. Is there not incongruity in this system, that materialization will remedy 1