FUNERALS AND FLOWERS One impressive feature of the Shaker reformatory system is the mode of conducting funeral ceremonies. In times of extravagance and folly, it is refreshing to find one nook in the World, reserved for those who prefer unostentatious ways of journeying through life. Believer's faith — growing into knowledge of the translation of the living entity of mortals, to a Spiritual state of existence, losing no mental qualification gained by Earth experience— gives a freedom of thought and action between those just departing therefrom, and those performing the last acts of kindness in smoothing the passage to their prospective home. There is neither the reward of Heaven, nor the punishment of Hell to distort or torture their minds by uncertainty concerning God's rewards or penalties ; but a clear consciousness of one's own right or wrong doing, day by day, causing the spirit to render its own verdict of happiness or misery. As life's burdens are borne with a reference to the Soul being moulded by its present surroundings, every incentive is given to a true Believer to enable the living acting part to progress — to travel from ignorance to knowledge ; and to become enlightened according to its desires. In the outside World, circumstances often tend to demoralizing ways and fashions; or to lose cast in society, which few have the moral stamina to meet. In united body, a few determined souls have passed beyond the bounds of popularity and Avorldly reputation, especially in regard to interring the dead. They practically discard all display of silver mounted coffins, conveyed in an elaborately finished hearse, ornamented with white or sable plumes, denoting age and wealth of the poor perishing remains. Nor do habiliments of grief, of latest style, have to be procured by a rational Shaker, knowing that the spirit needs no mockery of sorrow at its departure. Sincere affection will not resort to external trappings as a manifestation of sorrow. In plain cofHn, the lifeless form, clad in fitting garment, simply fashioned as when worn in every-day life, rests its head as peacefully, as if clothed in the finest fabric, with kid gloves, and costly slippers, merely to feed the pride of the living. At a plain Shaker funeral, we see no display of ministerial oratory to eulogize the dead. Gospel brethren and sisters—true hearted friends — give expression to feelings of love and affection, as they well up in their hearts, speaking of the good deeds and worthy examples of the deceased brother, or sister, as they have mingled in familiar intercourse in home duties and pleasures, also of their travel and toils together, in the spiritual work of redemption. The foregoing simple exercises, together with the hymns and sacred songs, on such occasions, mostly known by the departed one, can but buoy up the freed spirit to continue in good works, and become more and more worthy of the endearing remembrances of kindred friends on earth, strengthened by the laws of attraction to return, and reveal the knowledge of spirit power, to help the weary and faint-hearted to more exalted attainments ; while they continue to progress in the life beyond, and by an increase in truth, overcome all errors committed while in this rudimental life. While I am an admirer of the plain and unpretending manner in which obsequies are performed by Believers, I would like to advance an idea, which to me seems rational. I am young in the faith, and have not had an opportunity of getting very deeply baptized into the spiritual work ; I cannot understand how the introduction of flowers, at Believers' funerals, would detract from the simplicity of their burial rites. Flowers are the loveliest specimens of Nature's works; and it' seems to me that at such seasons they might be used to profit. They are sweet emblems — given for man's spiritual culture — and it is well ever to have an eye to the beautiful and good, in all the relations of life. Those gems of Earth's production, surround the soul with refined atmosphere, guiding the mind into higher channels of thought; even as harmonious strains of music subdue the ravings of a disordered brain. Annie Dwyer, South Union, Ky.