A FEW THOUGHTS ON DIET In my last, I spoke of food being decomposed before it left the system. To this some may offer the objection that the decomposition effected by digestion differs widely from that effected by putrescence. While admitting this difference in its widest extent, it still remains a fact, that the law runs parallel in both cases, i. e., the decomposition effected by either process is most hateful to all our senses of observation in animal substance, next so in animalized substances ; then in roots, vegetables, etc. The whole may be summed up thus: The lowest condition of human existence will be exhibited in ATMOSPHERE. In small, badly ventilated bed-rooms, especially over-crowded ones. Air, over-charged in drinking rooms, with fetid breath of gin, rum and beer drinkers; tobacco smokers and chewers, products of combustion, defective drainage, etc. DRINKS. Ardent spirits, alcoholic drinks, fermented liquors, stagnant water, and water defiled by contact with decayed or decaying matter, through bad drainage, etc. FOOD. Blood, livers, hearts, flesh of swine, especially those fed on garbage, half putrescent and badly cooked animal food and roots. UNNATURAL AND ACQUIRED HABITS. Smoking or chewing tobacco, taking snuff, opium, narcotics, bitters, etc. The highest possible condition on earth, AN EXCLUSIVELY FRUIT DIET. The rationale of this however, is: Do not attempt to stride over the Andes at one step. The path upward and onward is not only progressive, but constant and eternal. There is a ' Hill of Difficulty' for every pilgrim to climb, and perhaps an equally good name for this ' Hill' would be the hill of Self-Denial. He or she, that would live to God, must take up the cross daily. Never look back like Lot's wife, or the foolish Israelites, to the flesh-pots, the leeks and garlic of Egypt. Press onward, ever upward and forward. ' Nearer my God to Thee,' be all thy song, be all thy life's effort. And when at any time the weakness of the flesh may cause thee to stumble — though you should even get drunk and debauch your stomach — rise and shake the dirt from you, do not elect to roll down the hill again into the filth at the bottom from which you have, in part ascended with so much effort. Fools and sinners will laugh and scoff, they will invite you to descend lower again into their own depths ; heed them not. Sing with the Apostle, 'Rejoice not against me, O mine enemy, when I fall I shall arise again.' Speed onward again and again. If you fall a thousand times, make one thousand and one efforts to go forward, and sure as fate you will succeed. Remember, your better life must be a daily progress, not a single act; and it is only by degrees that you can overcome self. Again, remember that all natures are not alike. In some persons the process of assimilation with new kinds of food, goes on more slowly than with others, and a mixture of that very kind of food you mean to abandon, may for a time be necessary for you. The mixture may of course be purified gradually, till in course of years, the old element be completely eliminated. You must be g aided by conscience and due regard to possibilities combined. In all reform however, observe the golden rule of charity to your neighbor; never rejoice at, nor magnify his fall. Judge yourself with the utmost severity, but let oharity be ever with you in judging your neighbor. Lastly, whatever indulgences in old habits you may conscientiously require, not as a deliberate sacrifice to devils, but as a real mile stone of progress, to give you fresh strength as it were in all. good faith and conscience to go forward — never on any single occasion let the eyes of young persons ever find you so engaged. With the young, example is allpowerful. Let them as much as possible be surrounded with an atmosphere of purity and kept free from all that is even suggestive of evil. P. S. It may be well to remark, that it is quite possible the utmost power in humanity for reform and being manifestation, might require three generations in the effort to produce a true frugivorous race of beings. Australia