'THOU SHALT NOT KILL.' Our Gospel Messenger—The Shaker and Shakeress — like the tree of life, yielding its twelve manners of fruits — Christian Virtues, — twelve times each year, is before me. And what a feast it affords!—experiences, declarations of living faith, and progressive ideas, drawn from Christ, the living fountain, in whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge. The two-edged sword of the Spirit, severing, from the soul, the sins and elements of the world, with the habits incorporated into our life system, by long usages, is ably wielded. And as its keen edge is felt, separating us from our self-loves, who wonders we cringe, feel pain and cry out to the Prophets, ' Speak unto \is smooth things '— when likely to lose a darling idol, whether of food, or some long cherished theologic idea ? I well remember that Elder Frederick once told a Boston audience —'' We Shakers are learning to become good and true Christians.' This is true. Were the revelations of God, through Mother Ann, a finality, any more than the mission of Jesus was God's Last Will and Testament ? There can never be a departure, with impunity, from the foundational principles of the Church established by Mother Ann and those who helped to plant the Gospel in this land — Virgin life, community of interest and separation from the world. To prepare our bodies, as fit tabernacles for the temple of the Holy Spirit, in which God may be worshiped in the beauty of holiness, there is yet much to learn. Many evils, already abandoned, show the progress made. Prominent among them, are Cider and Pork — Tobacco, almost obsolete — Use of drugs greatly diminished — many believing they can die happier without doctors, if not quite as quick. Lingering are many habits, yet to be abandoned. Slaughtering animals for food! — Is it not a barbarism, unbecoming our profession, which Believers will abandon ? Did not the Prophet allude to the Church of Christ in the second Manifestation — the ' New Heavens '— when he said, ' They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain ' — ' He that killeth an Ox is as he that slayeth a man'—' Violence shall no more be heard in thy land — wasting and destruction within thy borders'—' Thy walls shall be salvation and thy gates praise ?' Some, from inherited disease, may not be prepared to abstain, wholly, from animal food. As many as are able to abstain — Let them. Has not the time arrived when the Virgin Sons of Zion should keep their hands from pollution of blood guiltiness ? Are we, in building New Heavens, to retain slaughterhouses and executioners ? Every Society and Family employing hirelings, more or less, — until we are sufficiently progressed to leave the use of animal food entirely — Let the slaughtering be done entirely by the hirelings, who still live in the 5O SHAKER A.ND generative order. And let the Sons of Zion, who have confessed their sins and are living the pure Angelic life, be exempt from imbuing their hands in blood — violently taking the life of any animal. Are they not called to become a holy Prophetic Priesthood — to be daily rising in the resurrection — keeping themselves unspotted from every pollution of the world, its habits and fashions — keeping their hands clean and their hearts pure — progressing on from perfection to perfection — possessing their souls in innocence — becoming deeply spiritual and so filled with the Holy Ghost that their very countenances shall be radiant with the Glory of God, realizing the call of God, to plant vineyards and eat the fruit thereof ? Then shall Peace be as a river, and Righteousness as a flowing stream — and nations will come up to Zion, to behold her Glory, and the Lord will rejoice in the increasing purity of his People. Otis Sawyer, West Gloucester, Maine