WATCH How very expressive and rich in significance is this little word. It is, verily., a photograph of thought;—a living, breathing picture of actuality, and an indispensable attribute of the Christian, Shaker life. The soul should vigilantly guard its spiritual interests. Watching is its picket guard, its beacon light, its fog bell, giving timely warning of approaching danger. Chastity of body and purity of spirit — inseparable adjuncts of a Shaker's life, and blessed fruition of the Cross — are obtained only by the strictest watchfulness. Beautiful, among the fairest and rarest gems in our Father and Mother's Kingdom, will appear the souls of those who are unstained by the sins of a generative life, who conquer passion and every animal proclivity; nobly triumphing over all physical weaknesses. These will be the Flowers of Heaven and the Glory of Paradise. My dear young friends, to you is the attainment of this hope possible. Watch well your ways, your words, your thoughts, and guard your youthful innocence with the most jealous care. The reward is sure. Years of deep suffering of soul and floods of repentant tears are not as useful to the spirit as a few hours of watching. ' What I say unto you I say unto all, watch.' Never was this injunction more necessary than now. To no class of people was it more applicable. American youth and children can vie with the world in vitiated and abnormal appetites. They are impregnated at birth with an almost insatiable desire for excitement and unnatural stimulants. Parents have, indeed, great need to watch. The world seems aglow with pleasure, full of sweets and bliss. Glittering charms of the wanton gild a false life ; music and poetry in beautiful cadences depict joys - never actualized, and the brightest talent of earth's most gifted ones is prostituted to the basest of purposes. How powerful their influence thousands of poor suffering souls can sorrowfully attest. The vile literature which floods the nation is a curse of immense magnitude. The abominable trash is sapping the spiritual life of our young people at an alarming rate. Sound the tocsin of alarm from ocean to ocean, and let us equip for a fierce battle with this monster of iniquity. Let every Christian parent and every lover of virtue unite in a universal and overwhelming protest against this nefarious traffic for lucre. Let us, above all things, keep the plague from our households, and from contact with our darling ones. Watch ! ye guardians of the nation's hope, watch ! ! Thomas Smith, Canaan, N. Y.