DAWN OF A NEW ERA Materialization is among the beautiful and important wonders of our day. But what is it, and how produced? As yet there is no definite answer to these questions. The vague theory, that spirits draw material from the mediums and circle, out of which to fashion tangible bodies, clothing, etc., must be proven before it is accepted; mere belief is not knowledge, and skepticism is not investigation. The doubting mind of Washington Irving's Governor Vantwiller, could not see through the clouds of tobacco smoke, the railway upon the land, nor the telegraph beneath the ocean, yet the achievements of science were still advancing toward these culminations; and though skeptics have been wrapped in the smoke of their egotism, spiritualism has steadily advanced to its present point of importance. Before the inventor Morse ticked messages from city to city, from continent to continent, communication was opened, upon a similar plan, by dwellers in the Spirit World, with dwellers in this. If you give a magnet nothing to do, it will lose its power; and so with the organs of the head. Cramped reason, flagrant combativeness, and a weak, ghostly ideality, made up the Trinity of Protestantism, by which Spirituality was branded, and sent into the society of marvelousness, to find her abode with the simple and ignorant. This was the last act of the old monarchical Church and State. But in the new Republic —the system of School and State — the scars and distortions of ages are measurably outlived ; and now the inhabitants of the earth may learn righteousness; for the lightnings lighten the world. We. must not ignore nor transgress the laws that govern materialization, any more than we would ignore or violate those which temper the sun's rays. The most familiar things with which we are acquainted are dependent on conditions. One person may see with the naked eye distant and small objects, while another can only enjoy that degree of vision through the aid of glasses. From the lonely ship voices can be heard for miles over the tranquil star-lit waters, while amid the roar of the tempest, or the density of the fog, they are inaudible, or husky, even on her own deck. If the high winds of human contentions and the simooms of sandy or earthly individuality, are likely to extinguish the beams that are just breaking upon us, it is needful — for a time at least — that they should be shaded by a cabinet, and that the contending minds be harmonized by even such ' music as charms the savage.' We differ as one star differs from another; but we each have a place. Like the metals in the mine, we differ; some of us resemble the load-stone, while others are similar to the iron which is capable of being suffused with its magnetic power. We need to patiently learn the lessons of life eternal. Astronomy tells us that a common-sized man, removed, to the surface of the sun, would weigh between two and three tons; becaiise a bulk weighing here one pound would there weigh nearly thirty pounds, so great is the sun's power of gravitation. May not a spirit that weighs here fifty or eighty pounds have in its own home a weight appropriate to its dimensions ? We readily avail ourselves of the dark telescope and microscope, when we seek knowledge of the vast and minute works of the Creation; but we do not imagine that the darkness has materialized the stars — that the sunlight can extinguish them — or that the animalcula draw their existence from the glass which reveals them any more than we think that the friends and furniture in our room are composed of particles emitted from the lamp which brings them to view. What we call materialization is, perhaps, only the result of conditions, which combined, present to us the ' bodies celestial,' and make visible the unseen. Our intellectual faculties are enhanced by natural science ; but where is the science of the soul ? The morning stars may continually sing together, and the whole Universe pour its grandly varying oratorio into the ear of God ; but we are deaf ; the shining vault holds for us only silent stars, and the bright sunlight only an empty void. Through the atmosphere of our earth, we perceive sights and sounds, and may not the atmosphere of a clairvoyant, or a number of clairvoyants, become so strengthened, and expanded, as to visiblize the spiritual beings around us, and to reverberate the music of the spheres ? Cecelia Devyr, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.