Pittston, 21st February, 1875 To Timothy Rayson : Respected friend — Yours of the 14th inst., was duly received and I offer a few words in reply. 1 had previously read in the Tribune of your great misfortune and that with feelings very different from, what I generally experience in such cases, for though yourself and friend Fraser make the total of my personal acquaintance with Shakers, yet from you I learned, that a great many of your distinguishing characteristics are identical with those eccentricities of thought and feeling, which, in a measure, isolate me from my kind, even while living, and necessarily in some degree acting with them, and as ' a fellowfeeling makes us wond'rous kind.' I read of your misfortune as if I had had a direct personal interest in it, heightened probably by your very recent visit to us. When a calamity of like nature overtakes the great trading communities as the Chicago and Boston instances, generally in a great measure the result of recklessness and selfish greed, though the suffering may be great even among those not involved in, the guilt, yet I am prone to forget the individual losers, and regret mainly that so much of the accumulated results of labor has been swept away which can only be made up by the renewed exertions of the already over-worked toilers of humanity, but when the like happens to a community striving to live on the most j ust, correct and brotherly principles, though the resulting suffering may not be proportionately so great, yet as it is much less likely to have arisen from carelessness or other preventable cause, the sympathy is also for this reason naturally greater, and though the great multitude of haphazard livers may affect to laugh and even sneer at what they choose to call eccentricities, yet after all, they are fully sensible of your worth as public examples, and, whatever may be said of ' total depravity,' I think mankind as a whole are more naturally disposed to sympathize and assist in calamity, than to laugh or rejoice at it. But when the thing has happened what next ? One of the most profitable practices of my life has been a careful mental registration of mistakes and shortcomings of whatever nature or kind, always emphasized in proportion to the resulting loss. To remind you of this principle would be indeed ' Carrying coal to Newcastle.' Nevertheless it is well when we count up what we save from such wrecks, not to forget the value of experience, no inconsiderable item to those who have wisdom to act upon it. Accept my worthy friend, for yourself personally, and also convey to your community as a whole, the expression of the sincere sympathy of myself and other friends in this place, also my thanks for the two papers you sent me, which I read with great interest. I had also a little pamphlet from friend Fraser, and would like to write to him, but in common with most working men, writing is slow and painful work for me, so be pleased to renew my respects to him when you write. The weather continues very severe here and water pipes nearly all frozen, and a famine imminent. Hoping for your friendly visit when you next have occasion to be here, I am, sincerely yours, James Law