VENTILATION I am so pleased to find a paragraph in the (January number of the Shaker and Shakeress, dated 1875,) treating upon ventilation, that I am quite solicitous that the writer continue the subject, until its importance is fully realized, by those to whom it is addressed. The paragraph to which I refer, embraced fifteen lines only. In my view, fifteen columns in favor of proper ventilation, would hardly be too many to be devoted to this subject, (provided each of these could be rationally studied,) to combat, or arouse the giant of public indifference, in this respect. Should there not be some further means used to disseminate this phase of gospel truth, and some more efficient methods taken to help the public to rightly estimate the amount of physical suffering induced by breathing impure air ? Without any doubt nine-tenths of the colds experienced in these northern United States, with their train of unaccounted ills, owe their origin to non-vitalized air. Dr. Jarvis, in his Practical Philosophy, tells us, that we spoil for all purposes of inspiration, about four cubic feet of air per minute ; and also, that seven feet is necessary for the maintenance of healthy inspiration! How long then, we shall be content, (in the face of Science,) to subsist daily upon an atmosphere laden with poison ; or, how long we shall be willing to ' die daily,' for want of breath, are questions to which I find no solutions given in any of the Scientific Reasons why, extant; I, therefore, trust that you will pardon me for referring them to you. By using the word subsist, I mean what an eminent British writer once suggested, when he stated that ' man subsists on air more than upon his meat and drink ' This may not be literally true in all cases, but if we inhale a pint of air at a time, a hundred thousand times in every twenty-four hours, we must receive into the lungs every day about fifty hogsheads of this fluid, which should be considered a generous ' bill of fare ' at least. Dr. Griscom, also, enjoins upon us to return thanks to God for the air we inhale, eighteen times a minute, as well as for the food we eat three times a day, since without the former, the latter would be useless. Philosophy assures us it is estimated, that there is an ocean of air forty-five miles in height continually encircling our earth. This fact alone, proves to me that air was intended for the most liberal use. Anatomy, again, presents the fact that the healthy human lungs are capable of holding a gallon of air, especially, when the six hundred millions of air-cells which they contain are fully inflated, and further proves that pure atmospheric air is not only one of the greatest blessings ever bestowed upon physical life, but that the Divine Master-Builder created ample reservoirs for its reception. This array of facts may be more interesting to me, than to my friends ; for, having given some attention to singing as a mode of worship and a vocal exercise, both in public and private, and having so often realized the necessity of breathing pure air, I am prepared to state that of all the inconveniences inflicted upon professional singers and speakers in public, none equals the exclusion, or the nonadmission of pure air, when engaged in these efforts. I look upon it as a species of torture which a system of civilization that builds air-tight school-houses and churches is willing to tolerate, and of which the savage tribes are innocent. According to Dr. Charles A. Guilmette's Vocal Theory, ' Voice is breath made vocal, and pure tone the essential element of all music.' Does it not follow, the-refore, that the vocalist is unable to manufacture pure tones out of impure air ? We, who profess to be true Shakers, strongly advocate, purity of thought, of heart and life, believing that from purity alone proceeds that ' Cleanliness which is next to Godliness.' In view of this profession, therefore,' ought we not to strive to maintain as much as is practicable, an atmosphere comparatively pure, in every apartment, and especially in our public halls dedicated to divine worship? An atmosphere out of which pure thoughts are molded and holy aspirations rise. It is my belief that the mind and body are so intimately connected that the former is very sensibly affected, oftentimes, by the condition of the latter, and that the mind, fettered by physical suffering, rarely acts up to its highest conceptions of Godliness. From this SHAKEE I infer, that no physiologically enlightened mind, can worship God in an illy-ventilated Church, with that singleness of heart, and freedom from earthliness, that he ought. In conclusion, let me add, that, perchance I may have expressed some views which do not exactly accord with those of a higher religious experience, yet what I have stated is a part of God's truth, to my understanding. I have so long meditated upon this subject, and found so much more real satisfaction in studying the Laws of Ventilation, and the Art of Breathing, than I could possibly realize, in studying the Laws which pertain to Generation and its belongings, that I have often heartily wished that some of the able writers and speakers of the ' Present Age,' would treat the former subject with as much fairness and liberality as the latter has been treated, during the last forty years. Would they do thus, I venture to predict that one-half the ' ills that flesh is heir to,' would speedily fall in disrepute. And if Physiology, as a study, could be placed within reach of every pupil in the land, instead of insipid novels, and the Laws of Hygiene practically enforced by parents and teachers, not only health of body would be secured, but that rare mental quality Common Sense would everywhere prevail. Asenath C. Stickney, Shaker Village, N. H.