THE CHRISTIAN LIFE How good and pleasant it is, when the toils of the day are over, to feel that we have striven, to the best of our ability, by faithful performance of every duty, to honor and glorify God and benefit humanity. Then no bitter reflections follow on account of misspent time. No harsh or unkind words suffered to escape our lips, will rise up to reproach — to sting the conscience and bring remorse. The evening of a well-spent day is calm, the meditation serene and the repose peaceful and unbroken. When, on bended knees, we give thanks to God for blessings received, we can also with confidence ask a continuance of the same through the medium of angel guides, for obedience to Christian principles brings souls into A.2STD 54 SHAKEEE88. 55 harmony and communion with angelic beings. Through their rainistrationwe receive strength, are inspired with holy thoughts and feelings, our hearts are filled with sweet melody, and we are led to sing ' 'Tis joy to walk in Wisdom's way, Her laws and precepts to obey.' When thus exercised, worldly pleasures seem valueless, effete, and lose their hold upon the affections. However severe the trials and sorrows of life, as we sail upon its stormy sea, our Heavenly Parents will guide the Bark, order all things aright, and bear us safely over the billowy deep to the voyager's blissful home of rest in that haven where the raging winds of passion never blow, where we can drink to fullness of Christian love, of which we have a foretaste here. True Believers in Christ exemplify their faith by works, and let their light shine brighter and brighter as they practically grow into the true, leaving all that is false. Such constitute a Living Body. If we become members of that Body, our conceptions of God — of Truth — will expand, grow broader and deeper. The divine life will become our element in which we live, move and have our being. All darkness will flee before us, and suffering, the product of sin and wrong doing, with us will cease. Then like Jesus, our elder Brother, we can say ' The prince of this world cometh and hath nothing in me.' Like him, we shall overcome the world, and like him, ' triumph over death and the grave.' ' The sting of death is sin.' The grave over which we need to gain the victory is the love of the world in our own hearts. The human heart is the receptacle of evil thoughts and desires, which, if unrestrained and unsubdued, swallow up , and entomb all the nobler faculties of the mind and hold the soul within its walls, which was justly described in olden times as the ' chambers of death.' From this sepulchre of sin and sensual pleasure, the desires, affections and powers of the human soul need to be emancipated, resurrected, by coming into Christ, receiving his baptism. Then, like him, we shall triumph in victory, and appear in the glory that fadeth not away. Joanna Randall, Shirley, Mass.