DISPENSATIONS Brightly a star over Bethlehem beamed, That shepherds and wise men discerned, And followed with gladness, 'till over a child Its glory effulgently burned. Born of the highest unfoldment of law, Prophesies grand in his life to fulfill, From faith and obedience the power to draw, To be the earth's Saviour through God's holy will. Whenithe meek heart sought the Jordan baptism. Where was an outpouring of heavenly love, The spirit of Christ to Jesus was given — The pure, holy spirit, in the form of a dove. Now was commencing a New Dispensation, The Father revealed in the Son, A High Priest who show'd a lost world salvation, And taught how its prize must be won. He liken'd the kingdom of God to the mustard, The smallest among the small seeds, And showed how the increase of life would expand it To come to humanity's needs. He likened it also unto the leaven A woman concealed in three measures of meal. The laws Patriarchal, previously given, The power of the New Dispensation must feel. He taught on the mountain without peradventure To pray for the kingdom of God among men ; He taught that they never that kingdom could enter Until of the Spirit they were born again. He gave them the cross as a means of salvation, For those who would rise from the first Adam's fall, And whoso would follow in regeneration, Must hate their own life and relinquish their all. He noticed the gift of the widow's last farthing — 'Twas all, in her penury, that she possessed ; But more in His eyes than the rich man's great offering— It showed her heart's effort to bless and be blessed. The Pharisees temptingly brought Him a woman, And cited the law that was given of yore ; He put them to shame by the power above human, Then pardoned and bade her to go sin no more. Wisely He spoke to Samaria's afflicted, All irrespective of cast or degree ; And many she called, for her soul was convicted That He was the Christ whom they wanted to see. When one much afflicted took hold of His garment, With faith, th'at through sorrow, had gained its control, He said to her, ' Daughter, my peace I give to thee, The strength of thy faith hath indeed made thee whole.' He came to the sick and dispelled their diseases ; In mercy the leper and lunatic healed; Gave sight to the blind, and voice to the speechless, And called back to life some whom death's hand had sealed. Among His disciples there was not a woman, Though Mary and Martha His gospel He taught; And many with reverence ministered to Him, And gifts from their substance most lovingly brought. The Spirit of Truth was the Comforter promised Unto the disciples, who could not yet bear The many deep things which he needed to tell them, That they for the kingdom might truly prepare. But when on Mount Calvary, painfully dying, He said to His mother, ' Behold now thy son! ' And to His disciples, ' Behold thou thy mother! ' Then was His life-mission finished and done ! Thus was the woman oft blest by the Saviour, Though humble and low was her place ; He knew that with man she would yet be anointed To work for the Order of Grace. The woman must be in the fourth Dispensation: The gospel of Christ is for all; Her name must be raised from the old accusation Of being the cause of the fall. On woman the spirit of God has descended, And Mother in Daughter revealed ; On the right hand she stands, in wrought gold of Ophir, Her leaven is no more concealed. The Bride and the Bridegroom that long were expected, Achieved the true Order of Grace ; A Father and Mother, in the New Creation, Have brought forth a heaven-born race. The kingdom has come which the ancients long prayed for — The empire of Daughter and Son ; And souls born again heaven's fullness inherit — The Lord's will on earth is now done. The Lord is beginning to shake every nation ; Salvation the woman has won; In purity now she in Zion is dwelling, Where righteousness shines like the sun. The truth is established, in glory and beauty, And yet for an increase 'tis rife; The voice of the Spirit and Bride are proclaiming, Ho ! come to the waters of life. Hannah A. Agnew, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.