State School, Ascott, Victoria, Australia, February, 1875 Dear Friend and Brother, Along with this I send you a few papers as a second article on Diet. Deal with it as you are directed by Spirit Monition. I have done as you desired, viz., I have written, and as you have predicted, the writing has done me good. It is away from me, and there my responsibility ceases, while yours begins. Understand me clearly, I have no desire to be seen in print, before I can better bear inspection by the spirit-eyes that are constantly upon me. I have much, oh how much! to regret having ever given occasion to spirit-eyes to witness in me. But I sincerely thank God that I have entered the valley of humiliation, and find something sweet even in the very bitterness of confession and repentance. My intercourse with the Spirit Sphere increases in power, in quantity and delight. The power and influence that draws me thither grows visibly stronger every day, and the river grows wider that bears me on its bosom to the Ocean of Being. Last evening, in our family circle of three, viz., myself, wife and little daughter — among other friendly messages from on high, we had one from Ann Lee, inquiring after my health, as she had not time that night to visit me in person. I need scarce tell you how delighted I was, and still am. I have suffered pretty much through ill-health this' season; but it seems as if any amount of ill-health almost would be welcome to me, that brought with it the expressed sympathy of Ann Lee. I am following instructions sent by Ann Lee in regard to medicine and diet, and find benefit therefrom; but my chief joy is, that it will not be very long now before I go to live beside my spirit guides and instructors ; this is a joy so great to me as to leave little room for any other joy to possess me at the same time. Except it be that I too may become a blessed instrument for Good, in the service of my Father and Mother God. I send you regularly the Harbinger of Light. I trust that it reaches you safely — but there again I am wrong. When it leaves me, it is in the keeping of Him who keeps all things, and will therefore, of necessity, go on its proper mission. When last in Melbourne, I found one with whom I previously had corresponded, till he allowed the correspondence to drop. He was actively engaged in the promotion of a co-operative, or communistic, scheme, called 'Aurelia.' My remarks and replies to his and other correspondence were not in harmony as they then thought with a more rational mode of procedure recommended. But here again disappointment has brought reconsideration, and this person, a widower, seeks for a higher basis on which to build. While pointing out to him the foundation-stone — Christ, I referred him also to you, as both able and willing to assist by counsel and advice. His name is William Yates, and from all I can learn, if he does not succeed in obtaining a communistic home in this colony soon, he is likely to visit you. He promised to follow my advice in writing to you. So you see, dear Brother, I have no thought of sparing you. We, that is, Catherine and myself, read with great satisfaction your messenger of love, the Shaker and Shakeress. Will you, dear Brother, remember Catherine and myself, in love to all the fraternity of Brothers and Sisters at Mount Lebanon ? We shall meet you, by-and-by, at the holy Mount Zion above. As it is, we are often with you now, dark and dimly, it is true. Still we can make you out, and through the gloom of this night-side of Nature hear your friendly hail, ' All's well' — ' All's well.' And so it is, dear friends all, it is really, truly, and everlastingly— 'All's well.' For a brief time again, we bid you all Farewell. John (and Catherine) Finlay