SHAKERESS: CONTRAST A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS In ancient times there was a marked contrast in the practical lives of the Epicurean and Pythagorean philosophers. The former were extreme in devotion to pleasure derived through the medium of external bodily senses. The latter were extremly ascetic, renounced every thing worldly and self-pleasing, devoted their lives and energies to the cultivation of their spiritual faculties, and counted no sacrifice too great, to secure divine favor. If we bring down the history of those ancient philosophers, and place it side by side with the history of modern philosophers, we find a large class of Epicurean, and very few of the Pythagorean type. If history speak truly, some who were cotemporary with Jesus and the Apostles, were stern in self-discipline, pure in morals, philanthropic in works, and religiously devotional in their feelings. It is related of Apollonius, an admirer and follower of Pythagoras, that to prove himself worthy to be called a self-conqueror, he sub| sisted entirely on fruit and vegetables, drank water only, would not marry, and took a vow of silence which he preserved unbroken five years, during which time he accumulated a large amount of spiritual wisdom and power; not only learned how to command and govern his own spirit, but to exert a controlling influence over others in the same direction. While he was affectionate and gentle in his manner, j udicious in his counsels, he was powerful in reproving sin and vanity, which he never failed to do when opportunity offered. His power consisted in having conquered those things in himself. How much we stand in need of such philosophers in our own time, who will both practice and teach. The doctrine of the trinity, vicarious suffering and atonement, that was decided by the learned Bishops of the council of Nice in the fourth century (who happened to be more powerful than their opponents), lifted the weight of responsibility from the professed followers of Jesus, and Christianity (so called) has grown more theoretical and less practical, until the present time. If the philosophers of the nineteenth century, instead of spending their energies in admiring Jesus and lauding him with praises in word and song, while in practice they deny his teaching and put him to open shame, would bring their wisdom and knowledge to bear upon all the transactions of daily life, in public and private, would they not by so doing exalt their own characters and help to elevate others ? Jesus exalted himself by the practice of virtue, laying down the natural life and taking the higher spiritual life. In that way he was ' lifted up ' and became an example to others. Some of the oriental polytechnic students, who were familiar with the history of Jesus, said ' Some great and good Spirit descended upon him at his baptism, and united with his soul. Thus he became Jesus the Anointed, or Jesus Christ.' By co-operating with that good Spirit he was ' lifted up,' and drew others unto him, and helped them to be better and purer in morals and more spiritual in their aspirations. We need the kind of philosophy to-day that will result in chastened thought and purified imagination ; a philosophy that will lift the soul above morbid sensibilities, selfish loves and affections and sensual deeds, make us Christ-like, and cause us to feel the power of the ' new commandment' which he gave to his disciples when he walked with them in mortal form, ' Love one another as I have loved you.' Then Science and Religion, bound together by indissoluble ties, will march hand in hand and keep step with the music of the higher spheres. Thus a ' new earth' will be formed, wherein the righteousness which belongs to that Order, in a rectified condition, will dwell; and it will be tributary to the new heavenly Order, which will be as a garner to receive the ripened grain of the earth — those souls who have progressed beyond the natural, generative order — the seed plane — and are ready for the visitation of the harvesting angel with the sharp sickle, to reap them from that field and gather them into higher, broader fields, to work for and with the angels, in replenishing the heavens with resurrected souls. It occurs to us that many of the philosophers and learned divines of our own time might study the ancient Vedas with profit to themselves and for the benefit of the people whom they profess to guide and teach, if they would make practical application of many truths therein contained. All nations have had their standard of faith and morals ; and when we lay aside traditional education and prejudice, we shall be willing to look fairly at every thing within our grasp or vision, and as far as we are able, accept the true and reject the false. The Veda asks ' Of what use is it to seek corporeal pleasures? The inhabitants of the body are cupidity, anger, desire for wealth, envy, sadness, disappointment, hunger, thirst, disease, old age and death. Of what use then to seek pleasures through the body ?' ' Through strict veracity, uniform control of mind and senses, abstinence from sexual indulgence, man should approach God, who, full of glory and perfection, works in the heart, and to whom only votaries, freed from passion and sensual desire, can approximate. God is the final refuge of all who are firm in virtue, who do not destroy their own purity. There is nothing desirable but the Science of God. To be attached to material things is to be chained. To be without such, attachment is to be free ! ' Who will say that, the above scripture, if considered and practically applied, would not benefit the people of the nineteenth century ? Do we hear voices saying ' Look unto Jesus as the author and finisher of faith ? ' Then we reply ' Faith without works is dead.' Jesus, for the joy that was set before him, endured — took up — the cross and despised the shame.' Let us do likewise.