Shaker Village, Mer. Co., N. H., I February 15,1875 Beloved Elder Frederick : I have written a few thoughts upon Ventilation, which I forward to you for perusal, and hope that as you read you will be kind enough to criticise, erase, add or diminish, as the case may require — or consign them to the waste-basket. I shall not feel slighted at any measures you may take to make all right. I have tried to handle the subject as candidly as I could, and leave out the sweeping remarks that would very naturally glide from my pen, when it ia moved on by thoughts that burn with indignation,- as they sometimes do when obliged to sing in a close atmosphere. 8HAKEEB88. 51 I have envied the Chameleon in the fable, where the writer states that ' He saw him eat the air for food'—provided it was pure air —many times when thus engaged. If there could be some simple means devised for ventilating our large assembly rooms, especially, I would sing praise to God for the means. These long, inclement winters in Northern New England create such a scarcity in fuel, that it is considered wasteful, by the majority, to open windows and doors for the admission of air, and doing thus, expose some, in a crowded room, to much inconvenience from drafts, which induce colds, etc. Our Meeting Room, as yet, has no means for ventilation, except by raising and lowering the window sashes, and, it being low posted, it is rarely that it is, or can be, well aired, while the audience is assembled, without great inconvenience to some one, or ones- Our Brethren, though in favor of good air (or the theory), are not yet able to decide on any particular method for ventilation, which will supersede lowering or raising the sash. We sisters have pleaded for our rights to breathe, more than any other rights, save the rights vouchsafed to the virgin life. And since having made the art of breathing a study in the ' Vocal Drill,' as taught by Dr. Guilmette, we are more keenly alive to the benefits arising from pure air. Could this theory be accepted throughout Believers, I believe there would be a greater revolution in the physical habits of many, than that which herbs, drugs, or quack medicines can induce, Asking pardon for my long talk, I beg you to accept herewith a renewal of love from our beloved Elders, Brethren and Sisters. Your Shaker Sister, Aseneth C. Stickney