MATTER AND SPIRIT All matter, so called, is spirit as much as ice is water. Matter is simply congealed spirit, or solidified ether and gases. Philosophers assure us that heat is everywhere, even in ice, but in a latent state or as a less active principle. Heat or fire is merely the indications of change, which is in degree proportionate to the activity and intensity of the change or combustion. Hence the heat that is required to fuse or melt one metal is cold compared with that which is required to fuse another. These somewhat abstruse questions, we are glad to see, are beginning to attract the attention of many spiritualists, and with others that of Col. Olcott, who has lately published a book entitled 'People from the Other World.' A communication from his pen lately appeared in a Hartford journal upon these subjects, from which we make the following quotations: 'The philosophical chemist uses a balance so delicate that it will render sensible a weight of one-ten-thousandth of a grain, and yet no one could see the thing weighed. A metal in common use, not only in the shape of coin, but also in many branches of the mechanic, arts — nickle — has recently been detected in the atmosphere, and it need not surprise us if in time every other form of matter on this earth is discovered to exist in sublimation in the air we breathe. As science marches apace the secrets of nature will more and more yield themselves to our search. What may be spirit, and what pure matter, where the one ceases and the other begins, I cannot pretend to say, for no man of science has hitherto pushed his experiments that far. If I might hazard a guess upon the basis of the progression of ultimates and the doctrine of evolution, I should suppose the point of juncture would be where pure matter had reached its last degree of sublimation, and spirit— God-descended and God-attracted—stooped downward to that union of which the product is man. I can say one thing at any rate (and I think I am the only one who can, up to tlie present moment), I have weighed what we call 'spirits,' upon a platform scales, as I would a bar of steel, and, moreover, at my request they have caused their weight to vary about forty per cent, in ten minutes. How they do this I do not know, but they made their evanescent bodies, in the first place, by concentrating and making visible and ponderable invisible atoms from the atmosphere by an effort of will, and then, by a further voluntary effort, threw off as much of this matter as was necessary to poise the beam of my scales at the lesser mark of weight.' 52 SHAKEE A.ND Certainly, ' every form of matter on the earth ' exists in a state of sublimation in the atmosphere we breathe. Every mineral substance grows,which has been satisfactorily, proved by examining and working old and long deserted mines. The Lake Superior copper mines bear unmistakable evidence of having been worked many thousands of years ago, by an extinct and forgotten race, the mound builders ; and where they had evidently well nigh exhausted the ore, the miner now finds copper in abundance; which for unknown ages has been accumulating by growth or aggregation from the surrounding atmospheric elements, where not only copper and nickle exist in sublimation, but gold and silver, as well as all of the sixty odd primates or basic metals, that float about in a state of sublimation. Gold has been detected in sea water, also. From this sublimated strata of matter which surrounds this globe and presses everywhere upon it with an inconceivable pressure, the earth is continually aggregating in bulk, and instead of having been made in six days, or in any specified period, it is not yet made, but is yet, as it ever has been since its birth into the great family of worlds, still growing and enlarging and increasing its outward crust. Each successive growth and decay of vegetation is but adding to the bulk of the earth and the fertility of the soil. For vegetation or vegetable matter is not, as is generally inferred, drawn or extracted from the earth. This truth is daily verified by putting earth into pots, boxes, tubs and other vessels, in which flowers, shrubs and even fruit and vegetables are raised, and yet it is evident that the earth never loses a single grain. They who doubt this truth can easily try the experiment by planting a pumpkin seed in a small pot or tub of earth and note the result. As we observe the ascending scale and progress of animal existence we note the fact that all animal bodies are composed and formed from the surrounding elements or atmosphere, partly from the absorption of vegetable matter taken into the stomach in the form of food, but mainly by direct absorption from the atmosphere just as the vegetable grows. It was not preposterous, therefore, for an ancient inspired writer to say ' all flesh is grass.' The body is not the real man or real woman. No one ever sees the real man or real woman, which is the essence or spirit, and it is self-evident always existed, aggregating to itself a body according to the mobility of chemical law and action upon the imponderable elementary substance existing in what is flippantly termed space; and which in time being better understood, or by progress being enabled to act more freely and directly, the spirit will be enabled to materialize and dematerialize a body for the occasion at its will and pleasure from the surrounding elements in sublimation, from whence it is apparent to every reflecting mind all animal bodies are evolved. Viewed in this scientific or natural light, spirit materializations appear no more mysterious or miraculous than the formation of our every-day bodies or other aggregations in nature. In fact it would be a mystery.if it could not be done, since the human mind can conceive' of no limitation to the power of materialization and dematerialization of matter. Spirit materialization, therefore, becomes a natural and unavoidable sequence in the order of progress on this planet, as well as upon all others; since nature's laws are universal, applicable alike to all worlds and all time. Kingdom of Heaven.