DIVINE EARNESTNESS The Apostle Paul, in his stirring letter to the Philippians, said ' This one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind and reaching forth unto those things which are before.' The soon succeeding words ' Brethren, be followers together of me,' would imply that the strongest wish of this devoted servant of Christ was to have those who had been attracted to the truth by the inspiring zeal of his testimonies awake to their highest duty. To forget all things that ought to be forgotten. Their sins and errors had been confessed and repented of, as their first step in discipleship. There were many things in their past lives which it were better never to have learned, but which now must be forgotten; for all things were to become ' new.' Having thus dropped all needless incumbrances, what was the next duty 1 ' Beaching forth ' unto the better, higher and more spiritual; '' press toward the mark,' etc. As runners for an earthly prize lay aside every weight and impediment, so must the winner of the heavenly state become inspired with a holy enthusiasm and a living earnestness to win the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus, or become like Him. Viewed outwardly, there was little or no success in his life; but what a glorious result was that when he could say ' I have overcome the world.' When that natural organism through which he was manifested had become so pure a receptacle that Satan could find nothing in it; that the pure unselfish doctrines which he taught had found their exponent in his life. Certainly that life is most a benefaction which is most fruitful in good works, and has done the most to lighten the burden of misery which weighs so heavily on earth's groaning children. As a poet has so beautifully expressed : ' They whose great souls were great beyond compare, They whose high Prophet brows did ever shine, They who made earth most beautiful and fair, Drank not while here of pleasure's purple wine; But were content the cross and scorn to bear, Enduring all things in a calm sublime; And He who did the weightiest sorrow wear, With noblest heart bloomed into the divine. Then let us never murmur nor complain When the night darkens and the icy rain Of wrong and hatred beats around our way, But joy that we ' are counted worthy,' so With blessed martyrs toil to undergo The hero labors, while the children play.' Not, we presume, that there should be no play, but that our souls should glow with so divine an earnestness that play would be impossible when the needs around required work, and that would speak its silent voice of reproof to our souls if we would allow ourselves to shirk the burdens of life. If a soul should become wrecked on the dark strands of despair through our indifference, will not some accusing angel of mercy lower us into some hell of condemnation long enough to convince us that ' inasmuch as we have done, or not done, it to one of the least, we have done, or not done, it to Him ? ' Nothing but the daily justice and purity of our lives can make us winners of that richest prize, a sweet, subdued and self-sacrificing love for God, manifested in our love for each other, until the human temple from which this light streams forth becomes beautiful and glorious, even though it be worn with the furrows of age, or otherwise ' marred in the hands of the potter.' E. Webster, Harvard, Mass.