MATERIALIZATION v. MATERIALISM The star of ' materialization' is in the ascendant just now, and thoughtful people are gazing heavenward with wonderstruck eye. And well they may, for this new constellation, glorious and bright, bids fair to eclipse with its splendor all the lesser lights that surround it; and the boasted inventions, discoveries and achievements of this steam and iron age, compared with this latest marvel, sink into insignificance. Faith in the hereafter is the very basis of religion ; and joyfully 1 hail 'materialization,' because I believe it is a weapon which, in the hands of the angels, will destroy that soulstunting materialism that now rules a cold intellectual age. Even skeptics must accept the evidence of their senses, and worshippers at the shrine of reason dare not deny logical conclusions. If spirits can be handled, and weighed, and recognized, and can give conclusive proof of their identity, the inference is plain : — the spirit world exists, and communication between it and the earth is a possibility — truths which are indeed needed to warm and cheer the fainting hearts of the sons of men. I have no theory to advance upon the subject. I have not, as yet, accurately determined the limits of spiritual forces, and admit that, to me, the accretion by a spirit of a physical body is no whit more wonderful than the growth of the tiniest plant. That which is unfamiliar we are apt to consider marvelous. I think it was Bishop Berkeley who taught the subjectiveness of all phenomena, and the impossibility of proving the existence of any thing outside of our consciousness. I am at no pains to dispute this position, because the vast majority of people do believe in the material substantiality of their surroundings. When they see a man they are content to believe it is a man, and when they meet a mad bull, they carefully get out of his way, for fear of the very forcible and disagreeable fancy of being tossed on his horns. To such, I say, the evidence is strong that many spirits do appear in bodies as real, material and substantial as our own. But I anticipate the skeptic's sneering and ironical assent. It does, indeed, seem to be incontestible that mediums do occasionally deceive, and that manifestations are sometimes simulated. But a hundred frauds can never annihilate one genuine manifestation, occurring under rigid test conditions ; whereas one genuine manifestation is a complete offset to a thousand bogus Katie Kings. The fact that Brother Thomas Smith and Brother Daniel Sizer, at the Eddy homestead, did actually see and recognize departed friends — materialized forms that were visible to all present — is worth more than volumes of erudition and finished essays proving 'materialization' a fraud and a delusion. To me, it is a comfort to feel that the spirit-world is near, and that spirits are concerned for the welfare of humanity. Hewson Brown, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.