DIET We read that Felix listened to Paul, while he reasoned of Righteousness, Temperance and Judgment. If the Apostles of Jesus, eighteen centuries ago, reasoned upon righteousness and temperance, What is the duty of the advocates of the Christian religion, after the growth and development of reason and science, for so many ages ? There are many preachers of righteousness at the present time, who are doing a good work in staying the flood of intemperance in drinking. But to be temperate in all things is a duty that intelligent beings owe to others, and to their own well-being. The subject of proper diet has occupied my thoughts from time to time ; but I must confess that / have been a transgressor of the laws of hygiene ; some times through ignorance, at other times, through weakness and force of circumstances. How unstable and irresolute are poor mortals, many times, when placed in the way of temptation; and how easily drawn aside from the path of rectitude ! It is lamentable to see how large the number of people, in the nineteenth century, who profess to be free, and still are slaves to abnormal appetites. Intemperance in eating is as pernicious, if indulged to the same extent, as intemperance in drinking. Eating improper food, and at irregular hours, deranges the stomach, poisons the system, produces dyspepsia, that vexatious infliction upon human beings, and is a destroyer of peace and happiness, resulting in misery and premature death. The life of a real dyspeptic is fraught with pain and sorrow. The path which he or she travels is oftentimes despondent and gloomy ! Dark caverns appear before them and they are filled with fearful forebodings of the future ! Again, hopes brighten, and the spirits are exhilerant; signs and scenes are fitful and changing. We cannot violate the laws of health, without paying the penalty. We may flatter ourselves with the delusive hope that we shall pass unharmed if we indulge in all the tempting luxuries of life in meats and drinks. The same deceptive spirit, that ages ago said ' Thou shalt not surely die,' to-day walks in our midst, says the same things and lures thousands to commit sins against their bodies and souls. Stimulating drinks,hot cakes — all nice and white — rich mince pies, pastry and sweetmeats— made delicate and palatable — are disease-producing causes. How much time and strength are unwisely spent in the preparation of unhealthy food; thus aiding the weak to continue their unphysiological selfindulging habits and appetites. Dwelling in illy-ventilated rooms, which are warmed by tight stoves, accompanied with stimulating drinks and unwholesome diet, is a prolific source of disease, sorrow and death. Hence, of the millions of human beings born of diseased parents, every year, only a fractional part reach maturity ; and especially in our own country, at the present time, we see a generation of weak, puny youth and children, upon whom, in a few years, must rest the burden and responsibility of framing laws, and of sustaining the republican institutions, in what is called free America. To the same source, Believers in Christ's Second Appearing must also look for members to replenish their ranks. And they who are called to constitute the highest Spiritual Church on earth — by living a pure, virgin life, a life of consecration in all things—should be saviors from physiological sins, as well as the sins which relate more particularly to the soul. To eat and drink for strength — for use — and not for gratification and gluttony, should be the law of God's house. We may speak as with the tongue of Angels, and make loud professions of Faith; but by our tcorks we shall be known — by the fruits brought forth we shall be judged. If we are transgressors of the laws of life and health, relating to body or soul, how can we become saviors — helpers-to others in like condition ? Instead of unbosoming their sorrows and showing the causes of their infirmities, as the sick patient would confidentially approach a skillful physician, would they not say,' Physician, first heal thyself? ' There are multitudes of people in our day, who profess the healing art, and point out a panacea for all the ills of soul and body, and are prepared to reform every body but themselves. When we see reformers who have first reformed themselves, who will practically demonstrate how they have done it, then we have confidence that they understand how to administer the healing balm to others. When I cast my eyes over society, and reflect how many friends — near and dear companions — have gone down to premature graves, my heart bleeds, and my spirit is pained ! I yearn for a higher state of things, when sickness, pain and untimely death will not bear rule as in the past. I pray for the ushering in of new earthly conditions, to prepare the way, and make room for greater spiritual, heavenly truths ; that the kingdom of heaven may come so perfectly on earth, that God's will may be done by healthy souls in healthy bodies ; and that all who profess to belong in that kingdom, will have learned the all important lesson, ' Eat to live, and not live to eat.' The ' Shaker and Shakeress' is a small sheet, but contains many weighty truths, and is doing a good work. Indeed, there are inspirational effusions from almost every article comprised therein, which are instructive and strengthening. Its deep tones sound aloud, and continuously call to higher action. May its voice, as a spiritual messenger, be heard far and near, even to the remotest isles. The millennial truth must go forth from Zion, and the time is hastening when it will be said. ' The law of use is the law inscribed on every vessel in the Lord's house, and nothing shall hurt nor harm in all His holy mountains.' Slaughtering dumb animals for food will be among the things of the past, and there will be no more use for poisonous drugs to counteract the poison taken in the human system by unhealthful food and drink. We see cause of rejoicing, that the downy beds, which a few years ago were held in high esteem throughout the country, and were used quite extensively, are now considered disease generators, and have gone into disrepute and disuse. It is a hopeful sign. Let all of Zion's children be of one heart and mind, and bless every effort at true reformation, strengthen others who are weak, by being strong in the truth, and thus lead on to victory. Nancy L. Rupe., Pleasant Hill, Ky.