'LIVING WATERS.' Jesus, while upon earth, uttered the following memorable words : ' Whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him, shall never thirst.' The spiritual signification of water, throughout the scriptures, seems to be a continual inspiration of Truth ; something vitally necessary to spiritual growth, and health — moving — Living waters — nothing stale and dead. The very best and clearest water, as it bubbles up from its source on the mountain side, or taken from the running streamlet in the valley — if allowed to remain for a long time, even in the purest and most costly vessel — will gather, from the surrounding atmosphere, those noxious gases, which living things are continually giving off in the different processes of growth, transformation and decay, and become dead — unfit for use. They are no longer living waters, containing the inspiration and vigor which are derived from them, when drank from the spring, or the flowing stream ; but are a prolific source of disease and danger. On the contrary, the living waters of which Christ spake are continually springing up unto eternal life. They have the elements of life in them, which keep them constantly in motion. Their principle of life, like that of every thing in nature, is in constant activity. Still, pentup waters grow foul, and stagnant, and will not support animal life, unless it be the lowest forms. The vital significant truths, which it was the mission of Jesus to reveal, possess lifegiving elements, and are as living waters to souls. There is power in them, evincing that they come from, and keep their connection and communion with the Fountain Head — the source whence they came. Those who profess to drink of the waters of life, unless they manifest inspirational life, and have that life to bestow on the thirsty famishing children of earth, how can they claim to constitute the Body of Christ — his Church ? Have they, in their keeping, the testimony, the sound of which is as the 'voice of many waters,' which proclaims them to be the living servants of Christ ? ' By their fruits ye shall know them.' A living, breathing pulsation from the great Fountain Head, and manifesting itself in stainlessness of life, and through consecration to good and holy uses, toward all with whom they come in contact, especially the ' household of faith,' is proof that they have drank of those living waters; for by their acts, they show that they are vitalized by the pure and glowing love of the Divine Parentage, and have bathed in the waters of repentance. If they follow their exemplar, in that repentance, which is unto life, will they not, like him, be willing to come to any ' John the Baptist,' who may be in order as a witness for God, and confess their sins — reveal the history of their lives ? The Scripture record of him is, ' He was tempted in all points as we are, but without sin.' Also, that ' He learned obedience by the things he suffered.' However that may be, it seems that he cheerfully submitted to the olden time rite, for the cleansing of the people; and in a child-like spirit, as was his wont, he said to his external Baptizer, ' Suffer it' etc. That Jesus was a chosen medium to receive a baptism of the Christ-Spirit, there need be no doubt. And that he was attended from his childhood days with a guardian Spirit, who instructed, and prepared him for that event, we have strong evidence. At the early age of twelve years, when he said to his sorrowing earthly parents, who had diligently sought him three days, ' Wist ye not that I must be about my Father's business ?' he seemed to be impressed that he had some important mission to perform. We are left in the dark concerning many years of his history; are only informed that ' He grew in stature, and in favor with God and man.' His season of temptation, which was painfully trying and severe — of which it is stated he fasted forty days and forty nights — was succeeded by beautiful ministrations from Angels; and thenceforward, his life seemed pervaded with a continual influx of good, which he ministered to his disciples and all who were willing to receive. In that noble, generous heart, there was no shrinking from duty. Through self-renunciation, and holy consecration, he endured and suffered, that he might benefit others, until his mission on earth was fulfilled. He said, ' he would send the Comforter ' to his little Band; and promised, that those who would drink of his cup and be baptized with his baptism of fire and the Holy Ghost, should do greater works than he had done. Which promise was verified. E. H. Webster, Harvard, Mass.