EMBLEMS OF SPRING Beneath the long despotic reign Of Winter's icy hand, How manifold the forms of life That sleep within the land. His frigid fingers touch the trees, The grass, and flowers bright, His chilling breath the waters close In slumbers of the night. But ever on the earth revolves Around the orb of light, And each gyration nearer brings The morning of delight,— When 'neath the warm and genial raya That fall to bless the land, The germs of life in seed and bud. In loveliness expand. And sparkling waters burst the crust That hushed their murmurous flow, The tender grasses pierce the sod, To feel the sunbeam's glow. In rainbow tints and sweet perfume, Are robed the smiling flowers ; By force unseen, their beauty's wrought From sunlight and from showers. The leafy tongues of forest trees Unite each happy note With light winged birds, whose mingled songs Upon the breezes float. And o'er us bend the graceful boughs, All wreathed in blossoms fair, A prophecy of ripened fruit,— A recompense for care. When selfishness and sin possess Dominion in the heart. They sternly hold a frigid power That chills the spirit part. But if we turn to seek the light That cometh from above, We'll feel the warmth of angel life In sunny beams of love. They will the icy coverings melt, Of envy, hate, and fear, And joyously will Spring's bright morn Within the soul appear. The plants of virtue then will grow, Life's fountains be unsealed, And latent energies awake, That long have been concealed. Affections pure like early flowers From wintry slu?nbers start, 'Mid verdancy of good desires Upspringing in the heart. The tree of endless spirit life Unfolds its fragrant bloom, In token of the precious fruit That never finds the tomb. We see that this exterior sphere Is clothing for the soul, Which is the vitalizing force That animates the whole. The glorious sun that giveth life To all material things, That from a dark chaotic state, Such wondrous beauty brings,— Is but an emblem of the Truth, The motive power—Love, The element in which our souls Have being, live and move. Catherine Allen, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.