THE TELEGRAPH In 1837, a year or two before Morse's discovery of the magnetic telegraph, two of the girls in the Second Family of Shakers at Watervliet, N. Y., were in Vision, as it was called. Unconscious of mortal surroundings, they lay on a bed in the east end of a long room, called the T room. The room was literally packed with standing spectators, witnessing the thrillingly interesting phenomena. The door of entrance was at the opposite end of the room. I came in late and seated myself near the door. The girls could not possibly have seen me, had their eyes been open. They had gone to a far distant city, in the Spirit World, where they met Mother Ann, with whom they had, in their Spirit World excursion, frequently met and become familiar. They were now conversing as if all girls together. I spoke not a word, but simply thought, how can they make their todies talk, when so far away as they claim to be ? The girls ceased talking, as if listening. Presently one of them said : ' Mother, some of the folks at home wonder how we can make our bodies talk when we are so far away.' After apparently listening to the response, she said: ' Mother says, it is not we that make our bodies talk. It is our Guardian Spirits, who remain with our bodies, to keep the vital action, while we are gone.' I thought, how can their Guardian Spirits get their words so readily ? The girl seemed to listen, then said: ' Mother, the folks at home wonder how our Guardian Spirits can get our words so readily.' After apparently listening, the girl said — or the Guardian Spirit said: 'Mother says she don't know that she can make you understand that. It is by a kind of telegraph that we have in this world. You have nothing like it in your world now, but will have before long.' At the date aforesaid — 1837 — Telegraph meant an agreed upon flag, or other signal. We were subsequently informed, in manner aforesaid, that Dr. Franklin, whose favorite amusement, here, was halter-breaking lightning, when in the next world, succeeded in harnessing a similar power, to the mailstage there, and that the facilities by which we are now enabled to talk around the world, in almost less than no time, are the materialization of what had pre-existence in the Spirit World. It may be so with all our modern inventions — the inventor being the medium of transmission. Some inventions may be the re-materialization of lost arts. O. P., Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.