DO GOOD ' Do good and cast it into the sea; if the fishes do not regard it, God will.' This, though an ancient Arab saying, strengthens the belief that no good deed goes unrewarded, however indifferent the receiver of such an act may appear. Do good and bless life by your existence. Make better the place where you hold a right; let no opportunity pass unimproved. The way to increase our own happiness is to make others happy ; it being ' more blessed to give than to receive.' In how many little ways we could, by an unselfish spirit, light'en the burdens of the overborne, and cheer the drooping spirit of a friend, or companion, if our aim be to assist othei's and be always doing good. ' Be kindly affectioned one to another, in honor preferring one another,' are the words of the Apostle; which, if lived out, would lead to acts of self denial and care, lest we mar the happiness of another. ' Life is made up of atoms ;' and if they all tend to promote goodness, how blest the reward ! ' What we sow we must surely reap;' and who would not prefer a harvest of good deeds, kind words and affectionate regards, to that of wrongdoing, unkindness and hatred 1 We were intended as blessings, having power to be angels of love to each other. We have read that satan can appear as an angel of light, and misguide the unwary who are not wakeful in duty; but he never can be transformed into an angel of love, which we have the privilege of becoming. We can make life pleasant, by improving the opportunities for doing good ; or unpleasant, by counting all the disagreeables of life as insurmountable obstacles, and continually looking on the dark side ; thus not only robbing ourselves of peace and quiet, but casting over others a chilling and blighting influence. Do good; rise in the morning with this determination in your heart, renew it every hour; and bless society by your associations. 'Little acts of kindness, little words of love, Make this earth an Eden like the Heavens above.' The principle of preferring others to ourselves opens a way for all to receive acts of love and care. If our aim be to do good and make happy our sister and brother, who toil with us, and tr y, in turn, are governed by the same spirit to do good to us, then are we all made better by our unselfish aims. Let us do good, for large is the field in which to labor, and we shall be more than compensated for all the self-sacrifice that such a course requires. Harriet A. Johns, Canterbury, N. H.