FEMALE VOTING A decision has been reached in the United States Supreme Court, which seems to settle the status of women as qualified voters. In the case of Miner v. Hoppersatt, the decision, while conceding that women are citizens of the United States, and of the State where they reside, fails to make them voters by virtue of such residence. The court were unanimous in the opinion that the Constitution of the United States does not confer the right of suffrage upon any one. That right is made one of the attainable privileges of a citizen and is not an absolute one. The United States possesses no voters. Their officers are chosen directly or indirectly by the voters of States. To vote for Federal officers, one must be first competent to vote for State officers. Women cannot become voters, therefore, until authorized by the respective States in which they reside. Victor Hugo has taken his stand in favor of Woman's Bights. In a recent letter to the French Society for the Amelioration of the Position of Women, he said that all the efforts of his life had been to secure a better lot for women, and added ' Man has been the problem of the eighteenth century, woman is the problem of the nineteenth; and to say woman is to say child, that is to say the future. The question thus put appears in all its gravity. It is in its solution that lies the supreme social appeasal. Woman can do all for man — nothing for herself. The laws are imprudent to make her so feeble when she is so powerful. Let us recognize that feebleness and protect it; let us recognize that power and direct it. There lies the duty of man ; there lies also his interest. I do not tire of saying the problem is put; it must be solved. Whoever bears a part of the burden ought to have a part of the privileges. Half of the human race is outside equality; it must be made to re-enter. It will be one of the great glories of our great century to give the rights of the woman as a counterbalance to the rights of the man — that is to say, to put the laws in equilibrium with the customs.'