CONVERSATION Among the pleasant hours of entertainment, recreation and rest, are those of good solid conversation, wherein minds, through reciprocity of ideas, become enlightened, educated and possessors of others' thoughts. There is great beauty in, and profit derived from proper conversation; but they are not found in the surface talk which readily flows from superficial thinkers, who seek to entertain with the sheer nothings that pass and repass upon the stage of human existence. When we come in contact with minds sensibly alive to great vital principles, with treasured items of useful knowledge which they are willing to impart, who take note of passing events, study causes and their results, by which they are able to discern the future, we are instructed; we intuitively feel that they drink deeply from the inspirational fount of learning — the Universe. If our feelings are consonant with theirs, we take pleasure while, in conference with them, and toe also a.re inspired with the noble theme of living to do and to acquire good. Conversational powers are enhanced and sustained by individual effort, for information and improvement. ' Genius unexerted is like the moth that flutters around a candle until it is scorched to death.' Genius properly exerted, made active by being brought into service, is an educator, whether in a moral, intellectual or spiritual point of view, and is principally, at our own option, our own work. We are surrounded with the means of education, and it remains with us whether we will employ the agencies placed within our reach, or not. Continued industry and close thought are requisite to reveal the lustre of pure Truth. Reason is applicable to all Truth, whether Natural, Scientific or Religious. Nature itself is a never-ending volume, from which a great variety of lessons may be learned. , The varied incidents of life through which we pass make diversified impressions upon different minds. Exchanging the various thoughts and views impressed upon minds of different cast from our own, augments our store of knowledge, intensifies thought, elucidates the power of perception, and lengthens the radius of meditation. The exchange of thought by fitting conversation is like genial rays of sunshine to warm and vivify the heart, strengthen and give activity to the brain, and chase away the clouds of doubt and uncertainty that gather around and prevent the free exercise of the intellectual powers. By culture vre grow in intelligence, and become useful members of society here, and by the same means we must prepare ourselves for the companionship of immortals, and to ornament the courts of heaven. If all, in early life, would devote their minds to subjects both useful and interesting, that would demand the application of the faculties 62 SHAKEEES8. 63 according to their age, they would learn that happiness increases as knowledge and industry increase; and they would erect a fortress against temptation. Instead of pursuing selfgratification with eagerness and seeking happiness in vanity and romance, which lead to dissolute habits, there would be a calm and settled purpose of mind and a growing thirst for substantial knowledge and wisdom that would elevate and refine. If woman would detach herself from the artificial and vain, and devote her powers of mind to the substantial and true, what an influence she would wield over the destiny of our race! The love and gentleness of her nature need not be diminished thereby; but all the true womanly qualifications, devoid of voluptuous delicacy, would be retained, and she would arise as a power for good, to educate the lowly, and in all her words and acts bear aloft the standard of moral purity, and make the world better, politically, morally and spiritually. Charlotte Byrdsall, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.