SHAKERESS: PERSECUTION, IDOLATRY, INFIDELITY A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS It may be much easier to define Persecution — to portray its spirit and animus — if not to fix its boundaries — than to decide what is real Idolatry or Infidelity, when adjudged at the high court, where Justice and Truth are the arbiters. Persecution has its root in the wild raging passions of men, in the war spirit, —under the guise of religious zeal—and is fed from the same source, vain ambition, bigotry, superstition and the lust of power and dominion. The heathen nations, and the ancient Jews, were great warriors; and although the Jews sought the aid, and claimed the protection of their God in their battles, they were not as intolerant in regard to religious opinions as their descendants. Pagans, Mohammedans, and the great variety of Christians (so called), have all their peculiar gods to worship, each pitted against the other, who, like Saul of olden time, have thought they were doing God service in persecuting and torturing one another for opinion's sake. Religious wars, of all others, have been the most ruthless and unrelenting. The bloodstained pages of history reveal the sad fact, that millions of human beings have been subjected to physical and mental anguish, to force them to accept opinions repugnant to them, and when that did not effect their purpose, death, in its most cruel form, was inflicted by those who had the power. Such the fruit of Church and State synthesis. Constantine, the first Christian emperor, made it a penal offense for a Christian to become a Jew, and forbade Pagan worship in any form. He razed their temples to the ground, and the Fathers of the Church eulogized him for bis edicts against Pagan worshipers. He held the balance of power in his hand, and made the sword his arbiter. Augustine claimed the sanction of the Old Testament scriptures, when he passed sentence of death upon those who celebrated certain rites, which, but a short time previous, had been tolerated. Multitudes were branded as heretics, and suffered death in its most agonizing forms, under the pretense of defending the Christian religion ! It is recorded that the worship of images cost five hundred thousand lives. The doctrine of Transubstantiation four hundred thousand more. The persecution of the Manicheans, instigated by Theodora, resulted in the sacrifice of one million lives in Greece alone. Their great crime consisted in believing there are two eternal principles. One, light, representing good ; the other, darkness, representing evil. The great loss of life by Crusaders is estimated at five millions. Moshein says, that the ' European nations were deprived of the greatest part of their inhabitants. For centuries, the fairest portions of earth were reddened with human blood, and strewn with human skulls.' Pagans, Catholics, Heterodox, Schismatics and Protestants, all, when they have had the power, were sure to use the sword, the gibbet, the dungeon and the rack, in the name of God. We learn from history that the Catholics slew thirty thousand in one day, and when the leaders of the massacre could no longer discern their own people from the heretics, the Pope's legate cried with a loud voice, ' Kill on; God will know His own.' Buckle states, that about one million of the most industrious inhabitants of Spain were hunted like wild beasts, and thousands were butchered on the road to Africa. How many thousands of Jews have been robbed, plundered, hanged, head downward between dogs, burned and impaled, while priests, directly or indirectly, have conducted the slaughter, will probably never be known until the recording angels shall open the great Book laid up in the archives in the unseen land of light, where all false coverings are removed, and things are called by their real names, and made to appear just as they are. Queen Isabella banished hundreds of thousands from Spain, and tens of thousands were killed, and vast numbers perished from famine and pestilence. Eighty thousand besides, were baptized by force, and their children coerced from them to be educated in the Christian faith ! The famous schism that preceded the burning of Huss, and the wars consequent, cost one hundred and fifty thousand lives ; and millions of the Aborigines in America were sasfcrified on the altar of the Catholic faith by the priesthood and their abettors. The massacre of St. Bartholomew, it is said, cost fifty thousand lives. One writer states that the whole religious influence of Spain was exerted to hasten the cafastrophe which deprived twelve millions innocent individuals of life and happiness, to add to the glory of a merciful God. In the reign of Charles V. from fifty to one hundred thousand were immolated for their faith, and many thousands more in the reign of his son. A mandate went forth from the Church in the fifteenth century which condemned all the inhabitants of the Netherlands to death, who were deemed guilty of heresy, and the king confirmed the decree. Three millions of people, men, women and children, says Motley, were sent to the scaffold in three lines. In Spain, three hundred and twenty thousand were burned, and subjected to various kinds of torture by the Inquisition. Need we go farther to define what Persecution is ? or to show its origin other than by the effects produced? Where is the 'Lamb of God that taketh away the sins of the world' (errors in belief or practice)? who said: 'Love your enemies.' 'My servants will not fight ? ' Protestant Christianity has lighted the fires of persecution—whenever opportunity has offered — which have contained as much caloric, and whose flames have risen as high as have either Pagan or Catholic. Scotch bishops and the English church united in their fiendish plans to brand the Dissenters, as they were called, with hot irons, and tear their ears from their roots, and whip women through the streets, because they dared to dissent from the ritualism of the church. The Scotch Presbyterians exercised the cruel spirit of persecution to the extent of their power. The burning of Servetus was approved by Protestants, and Calvin gloried that he had revenged the blasphemies of Servetus, by burning his physical body. Malanthon showed his approval of the diabolical deed, when he wrote to Calvin that 'the Church owed him a debt of gratitude for so doing, and that his magistrate acted justly in thus suppressing heresy.' His chief offense was, that he claimed that Jesus Christ was not the Son of God from all eternity, but only since His incarnation. On that point he was heterodox ; other than that it seems he was orthodox — a Protestant Christian. The Anabaptists were greatly persecuted for their notions concerning infant baptism. The persecutions in regard to witchcraft and sorcery have been equally balanced between Catholics and Protestants, according to the power possessed by each. Luther, in theory and practice, advocated vindictive measures to suppress heresy. He said, ' I would show no mercy — have no compassion on those witches.' Puritanism, in effect, was no better — was the same in spirit, if not in degree. New England eclipsed the glory of American history by her bloody deeds and intolerant spirit toward the Quakers, and by hanging witches. Think of it, in New England thirteen women and six men were hanged for witchcraft, and one man, eighty years old, was crushed to death under a board loaded with stones. Quakers had their ears cut off, were whipped and hanged ; women were tied to cart-tails in the dead of winter, in a half nude state, and whipped through towns. Dark indeed is the cloud that rests over that sad chapter in the history of New England ! But to the honor of New England it must be said, that much has been done to wipe out the foul stains stamped upon her pages of history. Thousands of heinous cruelties and crimes might be cited, to show how far a blind zeal, instigated by an ambitious bigoted priesthood, will carry its subjects. The tear spirit, whatever form it may assume, or name it may bear, proceeds from beastly passions. In all ages the lust of power is fed from the hells, while it usurps the authority to bind the consciences of men and women, and kill the prophets. Let us inquire, ' Who among all the orthodox and heterodox sects have been the Idolaters, and who have worshiped the true and living God ? ' Can we marvel that so many thousands should ask, ' What is Christianity ? Where and what its fruits ?' Can Paganism, Mahommedanism or Judaism present more atrocious crimes than are found in the annals of what is called sacred history? Who will decide and point out with precision, the Heretics, the Idolaters, or the Infidels in the past, or at the present time ? God sees and judges differently from men. He looks at the heart — j udges the motives by the fruits produced. The important subject now agitating the minds of deep and free-thinkers in Europe and America is, ' Shall the beastly powers again ascend the throne and rule the consciences of the people as in the past, either through Papal supremacy, making a god of the pope, by giving him unlimited sway, or by placing the Protestant's God in the constitution of the American government ?' Who wants to bend their necks to receive the usurper's yoke? Will America's sons and daughters consent to have their consciences bound to creedal forms of belief and worship, by church and State power, or to be branded and punished as heretics ? As well might we sing, 'Carry me back to the dark ages—to the Inquisition, the faggot and flame,' instead SHAKER A.ND of struggling to roll forward the car of progress, and talk of religious liberty. Clouds tliat portend a storm are gathering, they are ominous. Mutterings which were at first but faintly heard in the distance grow louder and draw nearer. It would be well for us all to remember, that ' God is not a respecter of persons,' of names, sects nor professions. But they who seek to know, understand and do the truth, regardless of what it may cost, are His elect.