JEWISH HISTORY 'In Christ are hid all the treasures of Wisdom and Kuovvledge.' These things were written for the admonition of us, upon whom the ends of the world have come. The history of external Israel is as a shadow or chart of the history of the New Creation, or Spiritual Israel. The first class of Israelites, born in Egypt, carried with them Egyptian proclivities — old habits, appetites and passions, inherited and acquired. By the marvelously wonderful Spiritual phenomena witnessed in Egypt, through the rnediumship of Moses and Aaron, those proclivities were suspended, and afterward held in check by continued exhibitions of Divine power, throughout the forty years travel in the Wilderness. The cloud by day, and the pillar of fire by night, went before them, from their passage of the Red Sea, to their passage, dry shod, over Jordan. In both instances the waters stood in heaps, ready to overflow them the moment the power was withdrawn; that first appeared to Moses in the burning bush, that was not burned ; in a stick that became a serpent, but was not a serpent, that swallowed other serpents that were nothing but sticks in the hands of the Egyptian Media. The ten plagues were Spiritual phenomena. The two spheres touched each other and interblended. As were the Egyptian Media, so were Moses and Aaron, with this important difference : Higher and purer Spiritual Beings — Gods — inspired Moses and Aaron, than were those inspiring the Egyptian Magi. They had objects to accomplish — plans to carry out — in relation to Israel, as a nation, and through Israel, as a medium, in relation to the whole race of man upon earth. Time was an element in their programme ; and Numbers were used by the succeeding Prophets of Israel as evidence of the existence of such general plan, or design, framed by some thinking, calculating, intelligent being, or beings. The whole Jewish and Christian world acknowledge this element of time, however much they differ about the day and hour, or the manner of accomplishing the promises, and of fulfilling the prophecies. The first class of Israelites, who came out of Egypt, all died in the Wilderness, except two, Joshua and Caleb. These received the revelation of the Second Coming Degree of the Jewish System, and they led the generation, born in the Wilderness, into the Land of Promise. The Spirit — God of Israel — had two visions of that first class. One was, that they were a chosen and peculiar people — Saints of the Most High — a Royal Priesthood to all coming generations of the Jews. The other, that they were a rebellious, murmuring, unbelieving, stiff-necked, wicked generation, with whom God was not well pleased. And this, from the day that Moses and Aaron knew them, until Joshua and Caleb finished burying their carcasses, in the Wilderness, that had fallen according to the curse pronounced upon them by their God, whom they had wearied by their importunities, and grieved by their everlasting back-sliding toward the Egypt from which they were only externally delivered. Their old habits and propensities were like the Leopard's spots. Yet, what a change they underwent in their diet and manner of life! It was from one great extreme to another. In Egypt, their labor w«,s excessive, and their food, its fleshpots. Now, their food is Manna —light food — that their souls loathed, and drink corresponding — pure water — nothing more. The change that awaited them, when over Jordan, was equally unexpected and trying to their Spiritual Faith and physical systems. Instead of the land in common, their food in common, and their clothing unwearoutable, and shoes that would not wax old, the Manna ceased to fall, the shoes and garments did wax old, and henceforth, if they did not work, neither could they eat. To this end, in Canaan, the land was divided, to each a portion, and only by industry and economy, could they eat the fat thereof. Two orders of people were founded — the generating Jews, and the Essenes, who held their land in common, did not marry, would not fight, and ate no flesh of animals, clean or unclean. The product of this order was the Son of Man — Jesus — the ultimate fruit of the Essene tree. He became the cornerstone of the first temple — the Primitive Church — of which the Temple of Solomon was a type. The other order — the generating Jews — progressed on, down the ages, until incorporated in the Roman Empire. Church and State were then combined, like Adam and Eve, when first created — the Spiritual and temporal— generation and regeneration—the whole race evoluting toward the second appearing of the Christ-Spirit, when the mystery of God would be finished by the final separation of Church and State, and the founding of a true order of generation, having a civil government, free from theology, based upon the first principles of the Mosaic law of holiness in earthly things — the rulers, male and female — the land, held for all to work and live from — their diet, the fruit of the soil, free from blood-shed — the relation of the sexes, free from the unfruitful works of darkness. Thus are the two orders now started. The United States, and the United Societies. The Spiritual will ultimately separate from the natural, and the natural will be entirely separated from the Church, in the United States government. The First Degree of Seven, was a Wilderness state. That first generation are nearly all gone. A few of them, like Joshua, have the revelation of the New, or Second Degree. The Canaanites, to be driven out, are the anti-christian sects, who have monopolized the land, which must yet be divided unto the people of the country. They have raised fat Jiogs, rather than fine men and women. They live upon the lives of other creatures. In their generating — their sexual relations — they are lower than the animals they slaughter for food, and who, in turn, slaughter them, by diseases that they generate in their physical bodies. Eternal warfare, with Amalekites, was the law of Israel, external. And eternal hatred of the carnal mind, with all its lusts of the flesh and spirit, is the privilege and duty of members of this Zion of God. It is their right to be in continual communion with the saints and prophets of all ages and races — to be baptized with the Christ of God — the Rock of Ages, which always responds when struck by the wand of truth, sending forth the living faith of the redeemed, in the Heavens, to the struggling saints on earth. Better to be in communion with the true actors of the scenes of the past, now in the Spirit World, than to depend entirely upon the history that imperfectly describes those scenes.