VISIT TO THE EDDYS Kind Editor Shaker and Shakeress : Thursday, April 22d, found Brother Daniel Sizer and your correspondent at Chittenden, Rutland county, Vt., the home of the much talked of Eddy brothers, mediums for spirit materializations. Presuming a short sketch of the facts seen, heard and felt would be of interest to many readers of your paper, I herewith tender the following account. Chittenden, like many old settled New England townships, consists of a few straggling farm-houses, built near the most fertile spots of rough looking hills. The particular house, made notorious by these materializations, is a plain one, standing a few feet back from the road, with some claims to modern additions in the shape of an Ell, running back from its center some 40 ft. with width of 20 ft., two stories high. The upper room of this addition being devoted to the spirits, is entered by a door in the back center of the old house. Its one large room is entirely unfurnished, with the exception of a stove, three or four common chairs, two long rough benches, a common table with leaves 4x2 ft., on which are placed various common musical instruments — violin, accordion, harmonicon, tin horns, bells, etc. At farther end of this room the floor is raised 2 ft., forming a platform 4 ft. wide by 2 ft. high, running the width of the room, and inclosed by a low railing, except at south end, where are steps. The cabinet is on this platform, and is formed by taking the space from the chimney (which stands in the center of back wall) to north side of building, inclosed with lath and plaster partition, leaving door space next to chimney, forming a room 8x2 ft. The doorway is covered by an old blanket, hung on hooks at upper end. This evening, April 22d, there are eighteen persons present from various portions of this country and Canada. We assemble in the seance room at 7-J- p. m., taking seats on the benches, the majority being on front bench, they joining hands. Wm. Eddy now enters the cabinet, while his brother, Horatio, takes a seat among the audience and plays upon a violin, accompanied by any one who can sing the various melodies — old religious hymns, spiritualist songs, ballads, negro melodies and sentimental songs. 60 8HAKEE In the course of five or ten minutes the curtain moves aside and there stands a spirit, so called. Presently the spirits step out on the platform, walk around, dance, speak, rap, materialize pieces of cloth out of nothing visible, call up some of the audience to feel of them, dance with them, etc. The light in the room, in the meantime, being a common kerosene lamp, burning at half light, then again turned up to full blaze, and held within 10 ft. of cabinet door, showing every feature as plain as daylight, color of hair, eyes, skin, clothing, every thing indicative of one's personality. Our first seance lasted fifty minutes, during which time my watch lay at my side, face open, and with pencil I noted the appearance of each spirit, time out, and length of time between their retiring into the cabinet and the appearance of another spirit. The shortest time being one and a half minutes. Fifceen different forms, of various sizes, appear this evening, some Indians, characteristically dressed in colored bead-work, belts, caps, leggings, etc., and a large proportion of the others recognized by different parties present as relations, etc. We attended four of these seances, with audiences varying from eight to twenty-four persons present, some constantly coming and going. In these four seances, forty-five different spirits made their appearance, all of whom were recognized by some one or other present. Some were able to speak ; those seemed to be the most successful in doing so who had been materialized a number of times. Among the many occurrences interesting to the spectators, because of some personal peculiarity, deformity, or circumstance connected with them, allow me to mention a few. A woman and her husband, of high social position and liberal means, form part of the audience before whom a spirit shows himself, a young man of twenty-five or thirty, with beard on lower part of face, dressed in black, whom they recognize as a nephew, called Charles. He waiks back and forth on tlie platform, showing peculiarities of gait, build and dress, answers questions by raps and speech. At second appearance, he moves forward to railing and reaches his right hand out, beckoning to the woman to come forward, which she timidly does, extending her right hand, which he grasps with his right, and while shaking her hand, pats the back of her right hand with his left hand. This is in plain sight and audible to the whole company. Again, a woman appears who is recognized as Ellen, a niece. Inquiry is made if her little child of three years is present, and can materialize. Affirmative response, and she retires into cabinet, to again appear in a few minutes, leading a little child at her side, whom she turns around, lifts up in her arms, bends down and kisses three times in a motherly fashion. Each person present receives tokens of recognition. Aside from the materializations, we attended one each of the light and dark seances. In the light circle a curtain is drawn across the corner of room, behind which a table is placed, covered with the various musical instruments. The medium sits in a chair placed in front of curtain, some one selected from the audience sits beside him, with one arm bared to the shoulder, which the medium grasps with his hands. A blanket is now pinned around them both, leaving only their heads in view. The man's free hand is now thrust out of the blanket and held by some one of the audience. Immediately music begins, bells ring, horns blow, a guitar is thrust beyond the curtain in full view and played upon, horns are thrown over the curtain, hands appear and stroke the faces of those present, patting them, pulling their beards, etc. A pencil is taken by the spirit-hand and various signatures and messages written out upon cards, which are thrown out, together ¦with various instruments, among the audience. Two one-quarter inch iron rings, of diameter sufficient to slip easily on upper arm, are next taken by the spirit-hand, and instantly the man next to medium finds them on his bare arm, without the medium moving his hands ; all this while the large kerosene lamp stands at full blaze between the aiidience and medium. In the dark circle things are somewhat different. The medium, occupies a chair in the center of the floor, some six feet from the audience, one of whom ties his hands behind him with a rope, which is again secured to back of chair in which he sits ; this is done as firm as ingenuity can do it. A man now takes his seat in the medium's lap, at the same time holding the hands of another person, who sits in front of him, but who might be supposed to be an interested party to the performance. The light is now extinguished. Then begins a medley of sounds, table moving and thumping, bells ring, voices speaking through trumpets, and finally playing upon instruments tunes descriptive, of a storm at sea. Suddenly the instruments seem to be in all parts of the room, flying through the air, performing in concert the only music, worthy the name, which we have heard. This is very harmonious and pleasing, purporting to be a welcome of some parties to Spirit-land. In the midst of it comes a crash, and all is still as death for a moment, when some one remarks, ' You have broken the circle, by releasing hands,' which proves incorrect. A noise now commences as of a number of men running around the room, dancing, whistling, whooping, stamping, playing rough music, which continues ten minutes, when the spirits, speaking through the trumpet, say that a company of wild Indians had taken possession of the place and drove away those who were performing. The lamp is now relit, and the musical instruments found in different parts of the room, with mediums tied as at first, and in same place. Cord examined and found all right. Light extinguished, when the spirit welcome is finished — verses are improvised by spirit voices, on any subject selected by those present. A short lecture delivered, various questions answered, and seance concludes. Among the spirits who materialize is a woman, whom they all seem to venerate, known as the Witch of the Mountains. She comes upon the platform with a quiet dignity, speaks in a clear incisive tone, pointedly and to the purpose, rising to eloquence in her language and delivery, teaching the highest moral lessons, and always making a deep impression on her hearers. On one of these occasions, when we were present, she spoke for ten minutes in a voice loud enough to be heard two hundred feet, by a large audience. She made the statement, that within five years it would be a common occurrence for spirits to speak from the rostrum, to meet friends in their homes and in the street, and be as familiar as mortals. She has made the assertion that it will be done at Chittenden, in broad daylight, in 1875. An incident of our last seance may be of interest to many. There appeared a Shaker sister, whom the audience recognized as a Quakeress, while we knew her as one of our sisterhood, who departed many years since. She answered many questions, and was succeeded by another sister, who had deceased only a few months, who also answered questions. They were both unmistakably dressed in full Shaker costume, even to cap and handkerchief. This of course was very satisfactory to us — their names, Mary Ann Patterson and Martha Poole — special friends. I have met many, since our visit, who were anxious in their inquiries, and all evidently interested in some form or other. To those, who have not seen or heard, queries numberless present themselves, as to the reality and meaning of it all. I unhesitatedly pronounce the materialization genuine — a reality. Its morality does not seem to be a point in the case at present. It is an open avenue through which comes a stream of human souls, vividly suggestive of society here good, bad and indifferent, without any, at present, apparent object in view, but the satisfaction arising from a re-union with earthly friends. As to the meaning or possibilities in the case, I hazard no opinion, for they seem illimitable. Here is a new force developed, unique and without precedent in the realms of science — a force evidently capable of changing the whole face of society. New channels of thought open, and new modes of revealing to human beings the hidden secrets of God and nature by means of which the creation of new heavens and a new earth — a re-organization of all mundane institutions—-is reduced to a mere matter of time. Thomas Smith. Canaan, N. Y.