THE CHURCH AND THE WORLD As members of the great family of man, we have one common ancestry, are imperfect and have need of boundless charity, and of improvement in every righteous direction. WTherein, then, do members of the true Church of Christ differ from the unchristianized citizens of the world ? Just here — The former, having been baptized with the Christ-Spirit, have had their intuitions quickened and inspired and possess a consciousness of a divine call to higher, purer and more spiritual condition, and to the necessity of attaining it by every facility vouchsafed to them through the power of God. They are fortunate in having the invitation before others perhaps equally worthy. There is, therefore, no reason why such should arrogate, to themselves, superiority over others not thus favored, except by obeying their superior calling and conforming to a higher standard of righteousness. The followers of Christ are commanded to be separate from the world. This enjoining does not refer to external habitations only. Some may have availed themselves of this external isolation for sordid purposes, continued in iniquity, and been a curse to themselves and to society. All members of Christ's Church are under 58 SHAKER A.ISTI3 sacred obligation to a life of righteousness, purity and charity, surpassing those who are not favored with like facilities. This is an interior work—a discipline which church members must keep in vital activity in all places and under all circumstances. Souls are not worthy of the name of Christians — Shakers — unless they live such life all the time and everywhere. Although I incessantly and earnestly bear the Cross of Christ, and thank God for the great salvation from sin that I enjoy, I do not thank him in the sense of a pharisaical righteousness that I am not as outside publicans. On close examination I find I have not yet attained that high standard of purity and righteousness — that redemption of soul from the nature of sin — which the spirit of progression is continually pointing me to. Professed members of Christ's Church, who feed their sensual appetites and passions with narcotics — opium, tobacco in any form, beer, wine, cider, any stimulating or stupefying beverages— should not arrogate, to themselves, great perfection of separation from the world. It is precisely on this physiological platform of self-denial that the Church of Christ, as an institution of progression, should cease to blend with the world. To mingle with outside society for the purpose of ministering the Christian testimony, or to transact necessary business, may be consistent with that separation from the world which characterizes the true Church of Christ. Neither Jesus nor Ann was afraid thus to mingle with the publicans, sinners and magdalens of their day, and break to them the bread of life. A soul, who lives in purity and charity, and moves in obedience to his or her spiritual directors, cannot be injured by the society of the world. Such are able to minister virtue and avoid contamination. There is suffering in the Church of Christ for want of laborers to disseminate its principles in the field of human society. For still the harvest is truly great, and the laborers are few. Should they not, even now, be passing and repassing over the great harvest field of the world, reaping where angel hands have sown ? The Shaker and Shakeress is doing what it can, and is evidently instant in season in its efforts to reach the popular heart and conscience. Let us not cease to pray the Lord of the harvest field to send forth more laborers. O. C. Hampton, UnwiiVillage, Ohio