Dear Father Evans : I have read your Autobiography through with a great deal of interest. It has given me a better idea of your life and work, and of many things connected with the Shakers than I ever had before. Your conversion to Shakerism and your labors for the good of humanity, in various reforms, will be better appreciated when many of your ideas on other matters are better understood by the mass of the people. I never heard the Book of Revelations so satisfactorily explained as you have explained it. Whether your views be correct, or not, I have seen no explanation so applicable. Although many years of my early life were spent within a few miles of the Sonyea Shakers, I never knew much of their belief, nor of what they were aiming to do. Your religion is practical — not theoretical. It goes to the bottom of things. It is calculated to revolutionize every thing in society. The present system of Marriage would be changed — the present system of Laws would be changed -— Society would be reorganized — Churches, Schools, every thing, would be revolutionized. In fact, it seems to me, you would make one grand smash-up of things in general. And what is the object of all this? Would the Shaker programme make the world better and happier ? Would it rid the world of disease, crime and sinners ? Would it do away with premature death, poverty and other evils, to which the human family are subject, under existing conditions ? I always supposed, that if the Shaker programme was fully carried out — the sexes not allowed to come together for procreative purposes — that the earth would, in one or two generations, be depopulated entirely. I could see no way in which human life could be prolonged, unless you show that Shakerism would bring physical immortality to those who adopt it. If, by joining the Shakers, physical immortality could be secured — the last enemy, death, be destroyed, or overcome — I could see strong attraction to Shaker society. Could you demonstrate the possibility of such result, you would soon convert the whole world to Shakerism. But thus far, Shakers die as well as other people, and I am not aware that the average of human life is much greater, with them, than with the gentile world. The New Cycle, which I learn from you, the Shakers are about to enter upon, will offer something of a very important character for the consideration of thoughtful minds. The division of the human family into three or four orders, in which all, but the most robust, live celibate lives, will prevent the propagation of sin, disease and misery. Such propagation has gone on long enough. 'Tis high time sinners, criminals, diseased and deformed persons stop reproducing their kind. We have, already, more than enough of that kind of humanity on the earth. Has not society the right to compel the criminal, the diseased and deformed, to a life of continence —if need be, to take from them the power to reproduce their likeness ? 'Twould be better for them, and better for society. They have no right to curse the world with marred types of humanity. It is a legitimate subject for governmental supervision. The first thing required is a class of men, for Rulers, who are masters of themselves — men and women in whose organization the in- SHAKERESS. 59 tellectual and moral forces are paramount, controlling all lower law influences. No man nor woman is fit to make Laws, administer them, or in any waf govern or control others, who has not sovereign control of his and her own spirit and passions, so as to do right for the love of right. When our public offices are filled with the right material — Law makers and Law administrators whose lives are devoted to Humanity's Elevation — Society's wrongs will be righted. I see much in Shakerism that commends itself to my judgment. The intellectual and social life of communities could be made very pleasant. 1 never could see the use of the uniformity and monotony in your style of dress. Why not give to each a certain amount of money and let them dress to suit their own tastes ? Nature loves variety. She never tries to duplicate herself. As your Drugfactory has burned down, why not use that force to cultivate flowers and fruits for market, and to beautify your homes — making them so attractive that every body will want to live with you ? God has made flowers, birds and fruits, in such variety of beauty, color, plumage, flavor and odor, that it seems to me we should cultivate, use and enjoy them See what beauty and grandeur are in the sunlit clouds ! in the variegated landscape ! in the mountains ! in the forests, and in the rainbow ! Why not adorn your homes with copies of these also, and make those homes the Paradise the whole earth is to become in the Millennial Age ? You have the germs of that happy time. With perfect bodily health, the right kind of mental, moral and social surroundings, I fail to see why Shakers cannot begin the Millenial Age. Yours with great respect, Dr. E. P. Miller