Mother Shipton's prophecy [From the Springfield Republican.] MOTHER SHIPTOFS PROPHECYEvery now and then, for these four hundred years and more, some one has brought to light the prophecy and memory of Mother Shipton. As event follows event in mechanical progress, her doggerel verses fall in so pat that they must needs be quoted. One of the predictions thereof — 'Fire and water shall wonders do'—has come to pass time and again, and the latest fulfillment is the Keely motor. This Mother Shipton was one that would have taken high rank as a medium in our day; in hers, the fifteenth century, she was said to have been begotten, like the wizard Merlin, of the phantasm of Apollo, or some aerial demon under that guise, and a beautiful orphan Yorkshire girl named Agatha. She had the weird lonely girlhood that the child of shame is apt to have, avoided or persecuted by those who should have been her mates. She was christened Ursula by the Abbot of Beverly, and grew up so eccentric and unnaturally shrewd that by and by this tradition, in those superstitious days, grew about her birth. She prophesied as she grew older, and even ' persons of quality ' consulted her. She told the great Wolsey that he should never come to York, and, indeed, when within eight miles of it, he was arrested by Northumberland, at King Henry's order, and brought to Leicester, where he died. Also, she is said to have foretold the great fire of London, the execution of Charles I, and many notable events, besides of the Reformation and the reigns of Elizabeth and James. At the age of seventy-three she foretold her death, and at the hour predicted she died. Her name is a popular tradition in Yorkshire even to-day, and the tradition is founded in part upon fact. Her famous prophecy was said to have been published in her life-time, and again two hundred years ago, for we have seen it in a book of that time, where it was said to be copied from an older book. Though most of the items are vague enough, some show a marked coincidence with remarkable events, such as the invention of steam, railway locomotives and tunnels, the telegraph, iron-clads, and the admission of Jews into Parliament (in 1858). Without further preface, these are the elegant lines : Carriages without horses shall go, And accidents fill the world with woe ; Around the world thoughts shall fly In the twinkling of an eye. Water shall yet more wonders do, Now strange, but yet they shall be true ; The world upside down shall be, And gold be found at the root of a tree ; Through hills man shall ride, And horse nor ass be at his side; Under water men shall walk, Shall ride, shall sleep, shall talk; In the air shall men be seen, In white, in black, in green; Iron in the water shall float As easy as a wooden boat; Gold shall be found and shown In land that's not now known ; Fire and water shall wonders do; England shall at last admit a Jew ; The world to an end shall come In eighteen hundred and eighty-one.