OUR GOSPEL PRECEPTORS Why should we not love and revere the Ancients of Israel — our former Teachers — those Gamaliels, at whose feet we have sat and listened, and received much valuable instruction ? They have been to us, spiritual Fathers and Mothers, Brothers and Sisters, and were bright examples while here. Their lives were well spent, they have passed on before us to the ' summer land,' and left behind them a record of good works. True, many of those worthies drew spiritual life and sustenance, to a large degree, from the inspiration of the past, looked to types and symbols, and were somewhat veiled in mists and shadows. They were accustomed to accept and revere whatever they found between the lids of the Bible, without calling in question its consistency, or authenticity. Now, the light of reason and Divine Revelation has opened, more clearly to our vision, the links of the great chain that unites natural and spiritual truth — conjoins Science and Religion. Will that justify us in setting at naught the righteous teachings of our Preceptors, or in discarding the good of the past ? There have been good men, and women, in all ages, who were Saints. They were the salt of the earth; for they loved, honored and served God, according to their understanding, and made their mark for good to humanity. Gleams of light overspread their spiritual horizon, and lighted their pathway ; and, aided by Bible teachings, they lived righteously, in their day, and were accepted. If, by increased light, we now see that they believed too much of Bible records, and accepted them altogether, without reasoning, and making due allowance for mediums, circumstances and conditions a* the various periods when the Scriptures were written, and did not distinguish between fallacy and verity; it would seem unwise for the present generation, like the swing of a pendulum, to go to the other extreme, and become infidel inspirit, if not in profession, and reject the true as well as the false. One thing we must concede, if honest; i. e., many worthy souls in the past, who adhered to, and trusted in, the Scriptures as their rule of faith possessed more vital religion, which consists in goodness of heart—purity of life— and a willingness to suffer, and to do, for truth's sake, than the rising generation who have cast off reverence for the past, and virtually deny present revelation, however much they may expatiate upon Truth, Reason, and Common Sense. The goal of immortal happiness has been the highest aspiration of the enlightened portion of our race — the boon for which humanity has sighed, and for which Saints have suffered, and Martyrs yielded up their lives. Many have thus triumphed over death and the grave, and found a haven of rest. But to those who at the present time denounce the Bible as a whole, and say that, as a sailing craft for the mariner on life's sea, it is no longer reliable—there are so many loose planks, it is better to abandon it altogether— we would suggest, whether it would not be better to cling to the old vessel, and to teach their children to believe the story concerning the bears that came from the wilderness, and devoured forty and two children, rather than have them grow up in a defiant, mocking spirit — destitute of the fear and love of God, or respectful regard for their fellows, and superiors. Is it not a safer way, to hold on to the good of the past, until we are sure that fate, destiny, inspiration, or whatever we choose to call it, gives us some better, more reliable plan, by which to obtain the one object in view — happiness? Speaking from personal knowledge, I might be considered incompetent to judge; for I came among Believers at an early age, and have never passed the ordeal of orthodox Church discipline—Sabbath-school training— neither learned the Catechism, nor any creed ; and have never committed any formal prayer to memory, — except what is known as the Lord's prayer. That prayer, I have always thought beautiful, expressive and impressive; and it never waxes old. I have been free to be my own Bible interpreter, — a privilege largely enjoyed by the members of our community. To observation, and the experience of others, I owe what knowledge I possess of the present unsatisfied state of society without, and the increasing tendency to disregard all that was once deemed sacred. Elder Frederick Evans says, that when we advance into New Light, we are sure to take with us a portion of the old orthodoxy from which we emerge ; that while new light is developing, the old conservative element, which has formerly environed us, is slowly removed. That seems to me a wise provision to avoid confusion and inharmony. In this a'ge of free thought, free speech and action, there is great need of a fulcrum, whereon to rest the lever of Truth, that the religious world may move from its old foundations of error, without destroying its equilibrium, and tumbling it into worse confusion than ever. I propose that firstly,— before throwing the old and new Scriptures away, and taking the ground that Jesus of Nazareth was a myth — we find the Christ-spirit, and the power of God unto salvation; and learn to reverence, and love all, who deny themselves of sinful works, live purely and deal justly, whether they be man, woman, or child. Let us all remember, that he, or she, who sins against light and conviction, if not of the devil, is not doing the will of our Father and Mother in heaven. Anna Dodgson, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.