The following communication is from a Shaker Sister, eighty-five years of age Paul's exhortation to the Hebrews, ' Seeing we are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight,' etc., will apply with force, reason and profit, to Believers in our own time. Another octogenarian speaks through our little Monthly. She has proved the efficacy of Gospel faith — reduced to practice — more than seventy years. Hear her: Ed. Eldress Antoinette : Dear Sister — I feel greatly interested in the Shaker and Shakeress, and hail every new number with joy ; would be pleased if it were a weekly issue instead of a monthly. Seeing many testimonies from brethren and sisters, that I love and prize for their work's sake, inspires me to briefly add mine. While reading the Shaker and Shakeress I have been reminded of the flying roll seen by the Prophet Zachariah which was sent forth as an accuser through the land, condemning sin in every form. It is a]so a messenger of glad tidings to sorrow-stricken, sinladen, repentant souls. As I have nearly run my earthly race, I feel that a brief synopsis of my experience may be of some interest to the junior members of our society. I was brought to Mt. Lebanon, and placed under the guardianship of Believers when I was eight years of age. My first baptism was a ministration of love, from my visible guides and protectors, which met a response from my own heart, and influenced my actions. As I advanced in years, and grew in stature, I found that I had a choice to make, between good and evil, which to serve. I read and believed the Scripture, which said, ' To whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are,' that by being made free from sin, we could become servants of righteousness. I saw, and felt, that doing what was just and right, would give peace of mind — cast out fear — and enable souls to serve and worship God in love. ' Love would work no ill to its neighbor,' and was really 'the fulfilling of the Law.' I resolved to make Love my axiom, and I felt my heart expand with love toward all the human family. My faith in God, and in the Gospel of Christ through the order of male and female, increased. I believed ' the pure in heart would see God,' and be able to understand those things which pertain to His kingdom. I strove with all the strength of my mind, to be pure, and to keep myself unspotted from the sins of the world , to be meek — merciful — a peacemaker. Thus I progressed from faith to faith, and from strength to strength. And it is still my determination to keep in the increasing work, which I believe will grow brighter and brighter unto that perfect day, when every thought, word, and action, will be under control of the Christ-Spirit. I have ever chosen to serve under the Christian banner, and have thereby been able to abstain from a sinful life. And I now rejoice that I can testify, to all who may feel an interest in me, or in my experience as a Believer in the work of Christ's Second Appearing, that I have so successfully fought the good fight of faith, when evil, in its varied forms, is presented, it finds no abiding place in me ; and with many of my dear companions in Gospel travail, I can raise a shout of victory. I would not exchange the peace and satisfaction that I feel, in my advanced stage of life — blessed, as I am by visible and invisible friends — for all that this world could give me. I am thankful to testify, that there is a fountain opened in Zion, wherein souls may wash and be made free from the stains of sin ; and whosoever will may drink freely and live — live forever. Lucy Hammond, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.