SPIRITUALISTS Spiritualists are developing spiritual science, while Shakers are making it practical by putting it to its proper uses. Spiritual movements, like stars in the firmament, have their risings and their settings — their voices of promise and their frequent failures, in both letter and spirit. The barren figtree, after having been duly digged about, yet found fruitless, was hewn down and ' cast into the fire' — the fire of judgment. Has the spiritualism, brought into public recognition nearly thirty years since, at Hydesville, New York, met the expectations of its friends ? Are the devotees of Spiritualism purer, better, nobler than other people ? Are they more honest, temperate, forgiving, benevolent, and self-sacrificing than other Protestant denominations ? Our visionists prophesied of, and saw the workings of Spiritualism more than thirty years ago. The phenomena, as facts, are not new. The u gifts,' in some form, have always been in the world, and probably ever will be, as witnesses of a future existence. But so far as resulting in any organization, or any general concert of action for propagandism, for harmonizing the elements — for religious improvement, or benevolent purposes—it has proved a failure. Though an angel of light having ' great power,' it has not proved itself an angel of salvation. Spiritualists, with whom we converse, do not profess to be saved, nor to walk in the newness of the resurrection. Disintegrated and divided, as their publications testify, they cry: ' Lo, here ! ' with V. Woodhull ; ' Lo, there !' with A. J. Davis ; or ' Lo,' in some other direction, ' is Christ.' Professing to have no leaders, they are all leaders, clawing into each other like crabs in a bag. Surely, as words have meaning, this is Babel ! While Spiritualism, as a science, is true, Spiritualists have not met our expectations. They are not progressive. They continue in their bad habits. They love the fashions, the riches, and the pride of the world. They ' marry and are given in marriage.' They fight, and, in many other ways, prove themselves anti Christian. Mediums in cities are numerous; but to identify the ' familiar spirits ' communicating through them is next to impossible. To ' try ' such spirits is like trying the case of Beecher and Til ton. Obsessions are cDinmon. Some of this class have come to us to be ' restored to their right mind.' The materializations that we witnessed a few months since at the Eddys were genuine ; and yet these materializing spirits, with few exceptions, are from the lower spheres. They do good in so far as they prove a future life. Spiritually, however, they are as children. Imposters, according to the Spiritualist journals, are numerous, while disorderly circles and an irreligious spirit prevail extensively. If some get rich through clairvoyance, their riches often take wings. Selfishness is the sin that so easily besets. Private property is neither Christian nor apostolic. Most of the best Spiritualists, so we are informed, attend ' liberal Christian denominations,' and financially support them. Many of the oldest lecturers upon Spiritualism, such as J. M. Spear, Joel Tiffany, A. E. Newton, S. J. Finney, T.L. Harris, T. G. Forster, S. B. Britton, Emma Hardinge Britton, and others, do not now speak in public. Andrew Jackson Davis neither lectures, attends lectures upon Spiritualism, nor the sessions of the children's lyceums. So we are informed by a prominent New York Spiritualist. And then, where are Charles Partridge, Dr. Gray, and others whom we used to meet in the New York conferences twenty and twenty-five years since ? What does all this mean ? Are Spiritualists satisfied with themselves ? Satisfied with the lives they live in a selfish, wrangling, competitive, fighting, speculating world of monopolies and legislative rings, with the rich growing richer and the poor, poorer? My friend, the late Horace Greeley, once asked how long it ' would take to heat an oven with snow-balls.' And, I ask, how long will it take Spiritualists to reform the world while they continue in the fashions and evil practices of the world ? In Bible times, the angelic voice was, ' Come ye out from among them.' This is now the voice of the Christ-spirit to Spiritualists. We have taken the ground all along that Spiritualism was a science ; and, being a sci ence, lacking the religious element; lacking the gathering, the harmonizing Christ principles of purity, consecration, and unselfish love, it would necessarily degenerate into sharp individualisms, the ' lusts of the flesh,' the ' pride of life,' and the vain practices of the world. When friend J. H. Harter, a Spiritualist preacher of Auburn, visited us, telling his trials among ' false brethren,' and with unworthy clergymen, we could only say — while deeply sympathizing with him — that those who choose to stay in the world must expect to be partakers of the world's tribulations. ' I am not of the world,' said Jesus. And being not of the world, he had a ' bread to eat that the world knew not of.' Many Spiritualists—excellent people after the world's model — as well as many in the Protestant churches, are inquiring their way toward Shakerism — the church of the second coming — the pentecostal church, based upon the Christprinciples of purity of life, peace, and ' all things in common.' We are pleased to know this. The Spirit and the Bride say, come; come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest — the 'rest that remaineth for the people of God.'