Beloved Eldress Antoinette: I would not willingly trespass upon your time, but I wish to unfold some of my thoughts, and disburden my mind to you. I feel that I am committing myself to a faithful friend, unto whom I may speak confidentially. The importance of the subject that I would portray, so impresses me, that I feel impelled to write to you. I realize that my mental and physical powers are waning, and my best efforts are somewhat feeble. I perceive, in a certain class of professed Believers, a great lack of Faith and Spirituality ; and such are fearful that the work of God in the Millennial Order is dying out; because there are not greater accessions to our ranks. I cannot view the subject in that light. I see the Sun rising, higher and higher in the spiritual horizon, as the day advances. The increase of truth does not depend upon numbers. I am confident that many of the more spiritual and enlightened class in society are now looking toward Zion for something higher and better than what they have yet attained. Let her inhabitants keep the love-fires constantly burning on her altars ; and many truth-lovers, and truth-seekers, will see the light, and be attracted to her Courts. As a senior member of the household of faith, in this day of Christ's Second Appearing, I feel to ask in a spirit of kindness and sisterly love, that all would strive to maintain true Christ-like forbearance and consideration; that the bond of peace may remain unbroken, and the unity of the spirit be preserved in this time of conflicting opinions. It is noble, and praiseworthy, to seek for new and increasing light; but it is unwise to let different views of minor importance hinder the full flow of pure love from circulating through all the members of the body. New developments, in religion and science, should be met by calm investigation instead of opposition and persecution. As far as 1 have obeyed the injunction—' Try the Spirit ' — making due allowance for crudeness and error, — which always attend the evoluting process of newly revealed truth — I have found safety. It is wise to look at principles — to trace things to their source—thence to their ultimates as far as possible. Then reason, if not perverted, will aid us in arriving at j ust conclusions. Truth will ultimately gather all its subjects into one spirit, and God's people will see eye to eye in all things; but it will be a work of time. We need patience, even as the husbandman, when he has deposited the precious wheat in the soil, awaits its growth and maturity bofore it can be harvested; and then, it must pass through the process of threshing, cleansing and grinding, to make it ready for use. So must we work, wait and trust, for the growth and unfoldment of new and advancing truths. Not hearers of the word only, but doers of the work, will grow into a knowledge of true doctrine — be able to understand the will of God and to do it — for through patience they will prove all things and hold fast the true and good. If there be a division in sentiment, the enemy has the vantage ground and will work to hinder a spiritual harvest, which may be nearer than, many now anticipate. According to both ancient and modern prophecy, the Law will go forth, from Zion, to earth's inhabitants. There is a constant draught from without upon the strength and vitality of our institution, which few seem to realize; but it causes spiritual debility and the members feel that strength and life go from them,—as did Jesus when the woman touched the hem of his garment, — even if they do not know where it goes. Believers sympathize with, and contribute to the support of all true reforms; but in so doing we need unremitting energy to keep a separation from foreign, worldly influences, that would serve to divide and dismember, or cause dissension in any way. O how much we need to watch, and to pray, that Angels, from high and holy spheres, may guide and keep us! As I near the change that I feel is coming upon me, I frequently review my life, from childhood to the present time ; and as I read the pages of my life-history — the spiritual losses and gains — all the awakenings of conscience that I have experienced, which have brought me to feel deep tribulation and Godly sorrow, and to utter strong cries to God for greater self-conquering power, have helped me to quicken my pace for heaven, made my spirit more vigorous and active, and have filled my soul with peace. I do not wish to leave this world in a state of stupor, from which it will take a long time to emerge. It is my earnest desire to go to my home and friends in spirit spheres, living and growing; that I may commence my work there, just where I leave it here. I have not attained unto the present state of peace and justification, which I now feel, by blending and uniting with the spirit and practice of the world. I wish to give my testimony in favor of a pure consecrated, life, and of non-conformity to the world, in dress, or manners. My spirit is in unison with the founders of our Order. They strictly enjoined self-denial and crucifixion of the carnal mind and all inferior •loves. It is claimed, by some, that if we would increase in numbers, we must conform more to the people of the world, in manners, and in habits of life. What has been our experience in this regard, where the experiment has been tried? Where concessions have been made, have our numbers been increased, or diminished thereby? Or, has the power that is effectual in protecting souls from sin, been strengthened, or weakened ? Justice demands, that we look at things j ust as they are; and then decide, whether it be a real desire to help lift humanity to higher and better conditions that induce to action, or the pleadings of the worldly nature within our own hearts, that seeks gratification, and goes forth to meet the spirit of the world without, that would allure, and draw souls away from the pure virgin life. The greatest ingathering to Christ's fold, that / have ever witnessed, was at a time, when there was the most exclusion from without, and the strongest and most searching testimony, within our own courts, against all sin-producing causes. While a separation from the world is necessary to maintain the Christian life and character, it is our duty to treat all with kindness and respect, and to be ready to give to all a reason for our hope of eternal life, and to present the cross of Christ by which we are redeemed unto God. In conclusion let me say, the ' Shaker and Shakeress ' is a real treat to me; and I know 7O SHAKER A. 1ST 13 very few in Harvard, Shirley, or elsewhere, who could bear the idea of having the paper discontinued. We hail its monthly arrival with joy ; it seems so much like having a sweet visit with our dear Gospel friends at the Mount, and in other societies. I hope nothing will occur to render it necessary to discontinue it. We recently had a brief, but very pleasing and instructive interview with Elder Frederick. It was soul-cheering to witness the true Christ-like spirit that he manifested on all occasions while with us. I suppose you are nearing the time of your annual ' Social Gathering.' How delighted I should be, to be present, and participate with you. That Heaven's blessing may ever attend those meetings, is the prayer of your aged friend and sister. Eunice Bathrick (aged 84), Ayer, Mass.