KNOW THYSELF In social life, and in all the relations that human beings hold to one another, how many ills would be averted and unpleasant feelings avoided, were that most excellent rule of serious second thought more frequently called into action. A moment's consideration of consequences would often check a quick impulse, quell fevered passion, press the lips and put a bridle on the tongue, just in time to save a storm or tempest that might forever blight the loveliest blossoms of the soul. A thoughtless act, a passing word, or a speaking glance — prompted by wrong motives— tell volumes that would remain forever closed, were the mind bent on obeying the golden rule. It is a wicked heart that magnifies, intensifies, and glories in enlarging its neighbor's faults, while striving to conceal its own deformities. ' Know Thyself,' in a deeper meaning than that which is applied to the mental faculties, should be stamped on every mind ; a meaning which penetrates the secret springs of life ; ' tries the heart and reins,' and analyzes the motives which prompt to utterance, or to action. They who have a thorough knowledge of themselves, and square their lives by the perfective spirit of Truth, nobly expand in God-like charity and love for humanity, and become saviors to souls, messengers of wisdom and light, rather than destroyers of virtue through evil judging. Where vain arrogance and jealousy, bitter envy and poignant malice are harbored in the soul, peace departs, and the bliss of life is trampled in the very dust of earth. Friendship there finds no lasting hold; love is reptilsed, and heaven-born charity spurned. Those direful enemies of human progress and happiness can only be removed from society by individual effort; every one must discover in themselves the root of bitterness, and destroy the very life that produces such evil fruit. A profitable exercise of mind to be engaged in is discovering when and where we may make peace, and not break it. ' Neither give nor take offense.' Speak no ill of our neighbor, and turn from the hearing of slander; that will produce the desired effect. Words aptly spoken — kindly acts —loving smiles — and courteous manners, all conduce to happiness and peace. If we always apply the rule to consider well before we speak or act, we shall never fail to obey the promptings of the higher law of love. 'He who can command his own soul is the bravest of the brave,' said Mohammed. Ah ! this is life's great lesson. The strength of self-control is the secret power that is able to manacle the strongest opposing powers of good that take possession of the battle-ground of the soul, and let us attain it through the glorious cross of self-denial, that develops and unfolds the angel in our being, and annihilates its opposite. Then shall we be able to see the angel in others, however dimly it may manifest itself. Martha J. Anderson, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.