SHAKERESS A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS At no time during the Ministry of the Apostle Paul, was he more deeply imbued with the Christ-Spirit, or had a clearer perception of the duties of those who would live holily, than when he said ' Be not conformed to, but be transformed from the world. Ye are the temple of the living God. What agreement hath the temple of God with idols ? Come out from among them and be separate; touch, taste, and handle not the unclean things thereof, and I will receive you, and be a Father unto you. I beseech you by the mercies of the living God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, and acceptable unto Him, which is your reasonable service.' Have principles changed since that time ? If a separation from the world, and a cross against the carnal mind were requisite to the attainment of a true Christian character in the days of Jesus and his apostles, why not at the present time ? The views, and teachings of the early Christians, have become antiquated ; and the popular theologians of to-day, who are paid from five hundred to a hundred thousand dollars annually to preach smooth things, tell their hearers to go their way, 'eat, drink and be merry ;' they will not be brought to judgment for secret sins, nor be rewarded according to their works. If they will only believe on Jesus, he will be their sponsor and expiate their sins. They may continue to eat their own bread, live in worldly and carnal pleasure, 'and wear their own apparel,' if called by the Christian name. And the people, as with one voice, respond, ' Give us more pleasure, and less of the cross of self-denial, and we will bestow honor, praise and riches upon our venerable Clergy, crown them with laurels while living, and decorate their graves with floral contributions.' The same spirit is seeking to find entrance, and rule in the Shaker Order. And a voice from without is constantly pleading with members of our institution, to ' come down from the cross.' It is said that we practice too much self-restraint — that the line of demarkation is too apparent — that in manners, in dress and life-practice we are too distinct from the world. They say, they like the Shakers, and if we would renounce some of the peculiarities, which make us singular and unpopular, then we could fraternize; and many people who are seeking a quiet home of rest, but cannot find it, would join out Community. A dear sister of the Shaker fraternity, who has passed beyond four score years, sensibly, feeling the force of the worldly element, in different forms, striving to undermine and destroy the very foundations of the Church of Christ in this day, writes to me, confidentially, in regard to it. Her motherly and saintly spirit is pained at the apparent lack of faith in God, and the growing desire of a class who bear the name of Believers, for more present pleasure and enjoyment in worldly things, at the expense of their spiritual life, and soul's welfare. And I take the liberty, without her knowledge, to make some extracts, hoping to benefit a few, and not do harm to any. When I meet a person, who has lived in the service of God as many years as our venerable sister has done, with mental power so clear and with spirit bright and inspirational. I am reminded of the saying of Christ, 'I am the resurrection. He that liveth and believeth in Me, shall never die.' Our sister has lived the Christ-life —done the works — and knows on whom she has believed. We may be numerically weak, yet be strong in virtue and spiritual power, or vice versa. About the time of the recent revival in Plymouth Church, when over a hundred were added to that sanctuary in one day — majority females — a young woman was visiting in our family ; and as she stood curling her hair in ringlets, at which she had been engaged a long time — she remarked, 'I am going to join the Church next Sabbath.' 'Forwhat purpose,' inquired one of the sisters ? 'Is your motive to live more in conformity to Christ's teachings ?' ' Oh, no,' she replied; 'that time has passed by. No one is now expected to change their habits of life by joining the Church. I can get access to certain individuals, and enjoy their society better if I join the Church, than if I remain isolated from it;' intimating that it was more fashionable, and popular to be connected with some Church, than to remain outside. How many such Christians would it take to make one perfect h eaven ?