SWISS BURIALS A REBUKE OF THE PREVALENT AMERICAN FOLLY IN FUNERALS. It is very doubtful how far we in America would be willing to tolerate any invasion, by the government, of the inalienable right of the free citizen to run up a bill with his own favorite undertaker. But those who have seen as much as I have of the suffering which is sometimes produced in families of slender or even moderate means by the too unrestricted exercise of this liberty on the part of both the contracting parties, will feel that these Swiss republicans (who have, withal, the reputation of being reasonably jealous of their liberties) find some compensation in their hereditary bondage. I was surprised at the small amount of the bill which I was called upon to pay at the mairie of Petit Saconnex for the expenses of our modest funeral ceremonial. I could not help admiringthe success with which the people here had protected themselves from the dilemma in which families of small means at home are often shut up — between a pauper funeral and a crippling debt to the undertaker. The evil cries out for a remedy. The Roman Catholic clergy have made honorable efforts to abate it among their flocks, and Bishop Coxe, of Buffalo, has done the little that can be done by remonstrance in his denomination. If a sumptuary law is ever needed, it is on this point. But a more hopeful prospect of success, considering the habits of our people, would be in the social combination of individuals and families, beginning with those of large means and unquestioned position, to discourage funeral extravagance. It would be a most Christian thing for rich and influential families to pledge themselves to stand by each other and by their neighbors in the practice of a severe simplicity and economy in such matters, and in providing a way in which funerals should be arranged in a modest but suitable mauner, with absolute security against extortion.— Lippincott for July. A good point of practical reform. The Shaker funerals, for a century, have been simplicity, neatness and economy combined. The love, sympathy and respect of the survivors is directed toward the soul, just separated from earthly friends by the loss of the body, that has been hitherto the lifelong medium of communication between them ; whilst the body is put in a plain board coffin, without paint or ornament, and is quietly dropped into the ground—the grave of forgetfulness.—Ed.