VISITORS Recently, we have had Robert Cooper, an English traveler, who had spent two weeks at the Eddys', as a scientific investigator of the supermundane phenomena occurring in their presence. His experience and observations are given at great length, and in minute detail, in the ' Religio-Philosophical Journal.' His conclusion is, that no person, of sound mind, unbiased by preconceived opinion, or partisan motives, can visit the Eddys, remain a reasonable time, and come away other than a settled believer that spirits of men, women and children of different ages, size, weight and general contour of face and body, and of various nationalities, do appear as tangible materializations ; that they talk, dance, sing, lecture, prophesy and give tests, by knowledge of facts respecting the history and domestic relations of the spectators, that dispel from their minds all doubts of the supernatural origin and character of the manifestations. Robert Cooper is a cautious, cool, philosophical, conservative Englishman. He is a witness, whose testimony would be taken in any Court of Law. J. J. Morse is a trance medium, on a lecturing tour through the United States, and is also a believer in 'Materialization.' Subjoined are a few lines of poetry of which he was the ostensible author. The Editor of the Shaker and Shakeress became acquainted with both of these friends in London, and was pleased to meet them again in the New World. 'I MAY NOT BE A PROPHET.' I may not be a prophet; but methinks T feel the time When freedom's breath shall fan the cheeks of all in every clime; When labor shall be virtue, and religion shall be truth, And all earth's sons and daughters shall enjoy a lasting youth! I may not be a prophet; but is not the era near, When the Church will cease to rule men through dogma, creed, or fear? When human life and Nature's laws, in harmony entwined, Will be the base of better lives, the Christ of all mankind ? I may not be a prophet; yet soon will dawn the day When science and religion will the highest truths display; The voice of each, eternal, shall resound throughout the land, A system then, for head and heart, will reign on every hand. I may not be a prophet; but the time is almost here When the woman with the man shall stand and take her proper sphere. Restricted and confined she's been, in all the ages past; Thank God! those states are almost dead —she will be free at last. 66 SHAKEE A.ND I may not be a prophet; yet how soon may it arrive — That epoch in the world's career when love for rule shall strive; The birth of peace, the death of war, the silencing of gun, The prize of peace we're striving for will then be nobly won. I may not be a prophet; yet the fabled time's at hand In which the nations shall combine as one united band. That day will see one God, one Church, one government on earth, The long expected golden age, the truer second birth. I may not be a prophet; but methinks I feel the time When freedom's breath shall fan the cheeks of all in every clime; When labor shall be virtue, and religion shall be truth, And all earth's sons and daughters enjoy a lasting youth! New Haven, Conn., May 17,1875.