SHAKER AND SHAKERESS. NOT ALL A DREAM I dreamed of a flowing river, That was fed from mountain and plain, That came like a harvest giver. To gardens, and fields of grain. Whatever it touched it brightened. For life was within its wave ; Whatever it washed it whitened, For in it was power to save, But I dreamed that its waves, impeded, Shrank back to their little springs; And the tide that the great world needed. Was circling in hand-breadth rings. I dreamed that the angels planted A vineyard of God, below.; That unto the earth was granted The power to see it grow. That up from her barren places, Her desert's extended scope, Like music the echo chases, Came voices of joy and hppe. But I dreamed that the vineyard perished, That all but its roots were dead ! For strength, that its life had cherished, Like dew of the morning fled. And I dreamed of a holy altar, Where Truth had kindled a fire ; A light for the feet that falter, A gleam for the eyes that tire. Its radiance flamed with a glory, The dwellings around to fill; And the earth was thrilled by the story, Of the city upon the hill. But I dreamed that the altar tumbled ; That its glow became a spark ; That its steps and its pillars crumbled, And its dwellings around were dark. I dreamed a new song was started, That floated the wide world o'er; That brought to the wreary-hearted A courage unknown before. 'Twas the song of the Revelation, The song that the harpers sung ; Its theme was the new salvation; Its w.ords were the glad new tongue. But I dreamed that its numbers ended Ere their import half was told ; That the singers from heights descended, And covered their harps of gold. Yea, I dreamed that the dual token Of Zion, was lost to sight; And I wept, that a bond was broken, And quenched was a heavenly light. Then I dreamed that our hearts, in union, Went out to the children of men — That the swell of our love's communion, The river sent forth again. By toil of our hands, united, The vineyard in beauty bloomed ! Devotion and truth relighted The city, our home illumed ! And the gift of deep inspiration, That flowed through Mount Zion's throng, Was heard by each listening nation, And known as the full new song. Cecelia Devyr, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.