EGOTISM We, is the Community pronoun. It seldom offends the ear. We build the mill, and make the dam. We harvest the Broom corn, and our money is in the Bank. We bought that farm, and paid $200, for the sorrel horse. This is our house, and shop. We baked the bread, and made the dinner. Neither in, nor out, of community, is the ear offended by this use of pronouns. Should we substitute 1, for we, and my, for ours, we alter the case, and run the risk of offending the ear, if not more. Some years ago, an aged man planted a nursery. When Budding and Grafting time came, he took, as assistant, a youth, who had been apprenticed to him, as Shoemaker. The youth became an adept, and the entire care of this branch of the business devolved on him. One day, the aged brother was in conversation, with another person, on the thriftiness and good order of the nursery. The youth, being within hearing, noticed that the aged brother invariably said my nursery — 1 grafted those apple trees — 1 budded those peach and quince trees. It was all / and mine — never a we, nor ours. Some persons are, unfortunately, so developed in selfhood, that touch what they may — be connected with whom they will, they seem to think, the success — if success there be — was largely owing to their wisdom, skill and manoeuvering. Few things fill sensitive minds with deeper regret, than the effort, some persons make, to trumpet their own fame. They may, in the main, have a fair record for just dealing, correct business habits and capacity; yet nothing whereof to be vain. Had they been content with the consciousness of having done their duty, they might have finished their mortal pilgrimage with good repute. From the miserable, selfish /, mine, and me, Good Lord, deliver us. We have been told, that in other worlds, man's employ will largely consist in praising God. But what time will Egotists find for such employ ? Habits are stubborn things. His penchant for self glorification will go with him. Let us get out of our miserable selves, into community Heaven, and find an element in community praise. In community life, it may not readily appear where praise, or blame belongs. Hence none should claim credit, largely, who are not willing to take their share of blame. Of Josephine, it was said, She was the Power, behind the screen, that gave success to the Armies of France. Her Wisdom and Gentleness sustained the Empire. When they were withdrawn, the Empire fell — and great was the fall. There are reasons for believing, that in Community life, the real worthies — the successful operators on the electric wires, who, by the force of their magnetism, give success to our efforts, are but little known. They council in secret, and point where Wisdom directs — where success will result. They weep over the failures and short-comings of Society—rejoice in the prosperity of all, and are content to suffer, if Society prospers. Are not these the Fathers and Mothers, around whom the sacred influences of our Gospel principles cluster, fathers and mothers whose unassuring, unobtrusive influence makes glad the Zion of God ? And when the seekers of self praise are lost in forgetfulness, shall not these remain a blessing and a praise to our sacred cause ? William Reynolds, Union Village, 0.