THE BRIGHT SIDE Man's free agency allows him to view, either the bright, or dark side of life. Unrestrained by the invisible powers, his aspirations produce the ' conditions ' which attract his proper spirit guides. If he court a cheerful disposition, with pure and holy thought, the bright angels are his guides and constant companions. Consequently he perceives the bright side of every thing and becomes a ' bright and shining light.' To those in the ' slough of despond ' a beacon to guide them to higher and firmer ground. Imagination is the chief agent for producing dark forebodings in the human mind, which are usually followed by disease and premature death. The fact that Shakers, who love light, rather than darkness, and numerically considered in proportion to the masses of the generative world, retain their physical life and vigor much longer than their neighbors of the natural order, is due, in a great measure, to an unclouded conscience, and the dismission of imaginary condemnations from their minds. It is recorded, that one of the primitive apostles of the Christ order, said, ' From whence come wars,' etc. ' Is it not from the lust which is in your members ? ' It matters little with us, however, whether these words were uttered by apostle or apostate. We know it is the truth. When lust is conceived in the members, we soon become discontented with our surroundings, the life of purity becomes a grievous cross, the wheels of progression are clogged, retrogression follows, darkness begins to obscure our spiritual vision and our last state is worse than our first. When the unregenerated, in or out of Zion, are in the light, they perceive it not. ' Having eyes, they see not.' Physical death is their ' king of terrors ' and they have no victory over the grave. Community order, on the basis of celibacy and progress, is the consummation of the ' Kingdom of Heaven,' to every truly regenerated soul. God's children are all equal ' on change ' — priest, prophet and king — for all, who put on Christ, become priests and kings unto righteousness. Speaking of communism the Boston Christian Era of March 18, 1875, says : ' As a means for securing a comfortable animal existence these communistic systems are successful. As aids for the developments of the spiritual and intellectual life they are failures . : . they are of the earth, earthy. It is not from these that the social and industrial redemption of the world will come forth.' Leaving out the class of communists that are of the ' earth, earthy,' I think our friend, by careful investigation, will find the average intellectuality and spiritual developments of the Shaker fraternity on far, if not a little above, the masses of the private family order. As to the redemption of the world, in the generative point of view, the Shakers spare no pains within their power, to endeavor to elevate the sons of Adam to the standard of true humanity — righteous generation — but it should be remembered that this is a deed of charity on their part, for the general good of the human race, as their work is of an entirely different nature, viz.: Regeneration. Does it become those who profess to '' love the ways of Jesus,' to condemn the institutions of those who both love and follow his ways and receive unto their homes and hearts every truly sinsick soul who flees from mystical and false theologies of Babylon, aiding them by example as well as precept ' to rise to joys of the Angelic birth 1 For nearly twenty centuries the earth order have been looking for the redemption of the world, through the ' blood ' instead of the life of Jesus. ' New lights' have and are constantly rising upon the horizon of their troubled sea, only to be dimmed by newer rivals. But the ' age of reason,' which is fast dawning, teaches them that nothing is of value, unless it can be practically applied, that the zenith of human redemption can be attained only by a practical application of the doctrines set forth in the earth life of Jesus,who became the first fruits of purity through the spontaneous baptism of the Christ-Spirit. He rose from the sin-beclouded spheres of lustful generation, into the bright spheres of eternal purity, and became the then ' only Son of God,' with power to confer the same honor upon his followers, through all time, by owning them as brethren and sisters and ' sons and daughters' of 'our father and mother — God.' Have we not then the bright side for our portion? Can there be any dark side with the ' redeemed of earth ? ' Then let ' Storms of woe and whirlwinds rise, Bach cord on earth to sever, There bright and joyous as the skies There is our home for ever.' On the bright side. Emery E. Howard, South Hadley, Mass.