BOLTED SUPERFINE FLOUR VS. TEETH BY EPHRAIM CUTTER, M. D. From Boston Journal of Chemistry BOLTED SUPERFINE FLOUR VS. TEETH. There is no doubt that the decay of teeth prevails to an alarming extent, and it is very humiliating to our modern civilization to have it characterized so generally by the occurrence of diseased teeth. The aetiology of this disease is a great, broad, and deep subject. No doubt many elements combine together to cause it; and the person who should positively announce a single agent would be dismissed as unworthy of attention. Still it is a matter worth discussing, and deserving the attention of the ablest minds. To ignore is not to arrest; hence we offer a few suggestions for consideration. ' The Chemical News ascribes the potato rot to a deficiency of lime and magnesia in the soil. Different observers state the percentage of magnesia in the ash of sound tubers at from five to ten per cent.; in the diseased tubers an analysis shows only 3.94 per cent. Analysis of sound tubers shows over five per cent, of lime, but in the ash of diseased tubers only 1.77 per cent, was found. A similar observation was made some years ago by Professor Thorpe, with regard to diseased and healthy orange-trees; in the former there was a deficiency of lime and magnesia.' According to these authorities, a deficiency of mineral salts in the vegetations named is supposed to be a sufficient cause for decay. Now it is an interesting question whether there is any article of food employed by mankind which is deficient in mineral matter. If so, then it should be made known to every family in the land. Perhaps there is no article of food more generally consumed than flour, i. e., wheat flour. In the forms of bread, cakes, and pastry of all kinds, it enters into every house, and is universally used and regarded as the 'staff of life.' Does flour possess a requisite amount of mineral matter ? To answer this question, Mr. Sharpies, the wellknown chemist, analyzed for me the 'Peerless Flour.' He found 0.55 per cent of mineral ash, a little over half of one per cent. He stated also that the proportion of ash in the whole grain varied from 1.65 to 2.50 per cent. So that the diminution of mineral food varies from two-thirds to four-fifths. In other words, by the use of flour mankind loses from two-thirds to four-fifths of the elements that go to make up teeth and bony structures. This statement deserves to be written in letters of gold over the door of every bakery and kitchen in the land. Flour has been used for generations, and if we can rely upon Mr. Sharpies' statement, mankind has all this while been deprived of the greater moiety of the mineral food that the Almighty intended it should have the benefit of. Is it not natural to expect that the bony structures should suffer from this great withdrawal? For it is a great withdrawal. Suppose that a water supply pipe should be cut off two-thirds to four-fifths, would not the supply be greatly diminished ? Cut off the same quantity of time from the hours of daylight, would not our darkness be great? Take away two-thirds to four-fifths of our muscular food, would not a strong man become very weak? Cut off air to the same extent, would we not lose our breath ? And why should the bony tissues not suffer in like manner when their food is withdrawn? I think they do. Perhaps a little evidence in the contrary direction may throw light upon this. A dentist, whose name is well known, said that he filled some fourteen cavities in the teeth of his first-born child by the time he was four years of age. He put his family upon the use of the whole grains, and the next child had no retarded detention, and not a decayed tooth up to the same age. The same gentleman says that the teeth which decay are not compacted or knit together with the firmness of healthy teeth. There seems to be an arrest of perfect development. Though what can be more natural than to expect imperfect development and decay, when from two-thirds to fourfifths of the proper bone food is habitually withdrawn from an article of diet which is more largely used than any other? How common it is to see infants not cutting any teeth at all, until they are twice as old as they ought to be. The good effect of the whole grain diet is shown in Dr. Harriman's second child, above alluded to. To be sure it is only one case, and must not be made too much of. Now, what is to be done about it? Certainly, one man's dicta amount to but very little alone. What we need is evidence from others. Suppose every medical association of Massachusetts take up this matter, have analyses of flour made, try feeding mothers and children upon the whole grain of wheat meal, oat meal, corn meal, beans, etc., and suppose they all come to the same conclusion as the writer has done. Suppose they officially announce the result. Would it be long before the general public would heed the truth, and thousands of persons would rejoice in the possession of that priceless treasure, a set of perfect teeth ? Note.—Through the kindness of Mr. E. H.Davis, Superintendent of Public Schools in Woburn, Mass., the writer has been furnished with the following astounding statistics, embracing returns from several of the largest primary schools of Woburn, a fair representation of the prevalence of diseased teeth among children : No. of With sound scholars. teeth. Decayed. Lawrence Primary...... 113 13 100 Plympton St. Primary .. 94 27 67 Highland St. Primary... 71 25 46