THE NEW JERUSALEM In the twenty-first chapter of Revelation, a City is described, as coming down from God, out of heaven ; and a voice was heard, saying, ' The tabernacle of God is with men.' That city had twelve foundational stones — representing twelve fundamental principles, from which all the Christian virtues proceed — and which form the gates of entrance to that city, which was four square — equal in all its parts — and from which, every thing impure, or untrue, was excluded. The New Jerusalem, that descended from heaven to earth, did not require natural light, or heat, because God, who held the burning lamp of Truth—Divine revelation — lighted the whole city. A pure River of water of life was also seen, proceeding from the throne of God, flowing through the city; and on either side of the river were trees of life. To my understanding, that river signified waters of judgment and repentance; through which souls must pass, to purify, and fit them to become indwellers in the temple, that was lighted with God's glory ; and that judgment will be dispensed by, and through His witnessing saints, male and female, who were represented by the trees on either side of the river. They, as good and true physicians of souls, will distribute the medicinal leaves of those trees, which were to be ' for the healing of the nations.' And it is there stated that ' The nations and kings of the earth would bring their glory, and honor unto that beautiful city and temple.' When Jesus said to his disciples, ' In my Father's house are many mansions ; I go to prepare a place for you,' we would not suppose he meant to convey to their understanding, that previous to that time, there had been no place prepared in Spirit realms for saints of previous ages. There are heavens, and a heaven of heavens. The antediluvians had their heaven, or state of justification ; which consisted in obedience to natural and physical laws, as made known to them, by the ruling Spirits who were appointed to give them such lessons, as they were able to receive at that time. In obedience, they were promised a fullness of temporal blessings. That was the highest attainment which they could appreciate; for they were in a crude, undeveloped condition. The highway of progression remained to be opened up, little by little, through succeeding epochs, in future generations. The Jews had their heaven. The tutelage of the Jews was very superior, and in advance of that received by the antediluvians. Hence, the requirements upon them were greater. They had prophets and seers, who were blessed with rays of spiritual and divine light; and they caught glimpses of heavenly conditions in the distant future — of the more perfected mansion which Jesus referred to, when he said to his disciples, ' I go to prepare a place for you, in my Father's house of many mansions.' There are different degrees of knowledge, and attainments in goodness and truth in each of those mansions; so that we might with propriety say, ' there are mansions within mansions ;' or there are ascending steps, like the rounds in a ladder, from the commencement of one dispensation, until, by those progressive steps, the way is prepared for the opening of a New Epoch. A friend once said to me, ' You know that in our Father's house are many mansions. I belong to one of the Churches, — one of those mansions — and am going to heaven,' signifying, that the many Churches are the synonym of the many mansions of which Jesus spake. In a qualified sense that may be true. If God's watchful care be over all the works of his hands, and there be some truth, more or less, in all the Churches, mixed up with time serving, and idol worship, that good, whatever its measure or degree, belongs to God. But the perfected Virgin Church—the New Jerusalem—that was seen to descend to earth, attended with the heavenly Bridegroom and Bride, wherein woman finds 'her proper lot and place, as co-worker with man in the redemption of human souls, is the highest spiritual condition on earth ; and represents the heaven of heavens in the Spirit world. Nancy G. Danford, Canterbury, N. H.