MOSES AND JESUS It was one of the ambitions of our childhood to become wise enough to know how Moses, through the 'law, was our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ.' We think we have learned the lesson, at the expense of much damage to our early religious education. It is conceded that general Christendom despise the Israelites — despise is a feeble word to express the feelings of many, who think they are pretty good Christians. — It is common to hear them terribly traduced ; and they must, apparently, forever, suffer the unequaled ignominy of killing the Lord Jesus! Were I a Christian, after the heart of the so-called, popular, Christian Churches, I would thank the Jews as a nation, and bless those who were conspicuous actors at the scene of Golgotha ; for have they not given to these Churches the blood of Calvary, that they so fondly anticipate will be an atonement for the sins of their miserable, sinning adherents ? The very common Sunday School impressions made on minds in the moulding state, are, many times and in many directions, erroneous, cruel, wicked. By these we learned that the Jews were and are a wicked, God-forsaken people — the very antipodes of true Christians; and that, after the appearance of Jesus, the Mosaic statutes became of no effect — a worse than worthless instrument. As a consequence of such teachings, tens of thousands of us became imbued with the idea that Jesus was not a Jew, but a born Christian ! that he did not like the Jews ; that he taught doctrines, not only superior to, but the very reverse of those taught by Moses ; and by his teaching aid example, his immediate disciples, and all who shall succeed them, were prompted to discard and condemn the institutions of the great law-giver — Moses. These are terrible wrongs, committed in the past, continued in the present, and for their correction, we ask a hearing while we cry ' Halt !' to their continued diffusion. I cannot conceive that doing Moses justice would be any detraction of Jesus ; and yet we will compare some of his sublimest sayings with the same of Israel's prophets, and if they prove identical, or nearly so, to whom shall we give the credit — Israel or Jesus ? That Jesus was a Jew, and did not assume his Christos or Anointing, until he was thirty years of age, is too palpable to need proof, except with the very ignorant. That he read the law for years, in the synagogues of the Jews, and expounded upon with all the fascination of a brilliant, rising orthodox Rabbi, there is an abundance of proof in the gospels; and while not doubting his loyalty, the people wondered whence this young man had so much wisdom ! His words breathed the inspiration and the expression of the great days of prophecy. Isaiah never commended the law, nor more faithfully followed it, than did Jesus of Nazareth. What could be stronger than ' Till heaven and earth pass away, one jot, or one title shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled ? ' Again, ' Whoever therefore shall break one of these commandments, or teach men to do so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven.' ' Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the influence of the prophets ; I am not come to destroy, but to fulfill.' In these sayings did the Jews perceive renewed demonstrations of the permanence of the teachings of the great doctors of Israel; and they listened attentively to the new Rabbi, and everywhere greeted him with this revered title. In a former paper we have stated, that had not Moses taken the children of Israel out of Egypt, away from their bondage to physical and spiritual sins, we would never have had a Jesus ! Herein is the key, how the law would teach us to come to Christ; even as in like manner it taught a people so to live, that from them was produced so beautiful a specimen of humanity as was Jesus — one in whom God's promise to Moses was fulfilled: ' I will take all sickness from the midst of thee ! ' Jesus kept the law, and, as a consequence, his health ; and preached the gospel of health to his converts, teaching them, that by keeping the laws of Moses, they would be in a prime condition to receive Christianity. I know of nothing, that I think the spirit of Jesus has greater testimony against, to-day, than an unphysiological diet and practice of life. And yet, there are many that are ready to affirm, that Christ cares only for the soul. It is beyond the power of all Christs to resurrect the soul, while it is inhabiting a sickly, law-breaking body ! Let Moses through the laws of health, be ' the schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ.' The baptism of Christ makes a reaper of a sower, teaches the superiority of the angel, celibate estate, over the reproductive plane — resurrects from the planting and sowing of the Adam, earthly to the harvesting, ' cutting off from the earthly ' condition, to be as was Jesus — Christ — a Shaker! Did Jesus ever teach adversely to Moses ? Excepting a few instances, which shall be noticed, I am persuaded that none did Moses more honor through obedience than did Jesus ; and none indorsed the renderings of the law, as given by the prophets, any more than did he. So fully in accord with them was he, that in his rebukes he followed in their footsteps, using almost identical language — (see Isa. I. II et seq., and 58, 3, and continue); and then we find, that for what we have been giving Jesus credit, as an originator, should have been more properly dated from the prophets. In the beauteous sermon on the Mount, who is there but thinks that such sentiments were never uttered before ? Let us see : First, observe the scrupulous care with which Jesus connected this sermon with the whole of Judaism. Here comes in the already quoted remark, ' I am not come to destroy the law;' and how frequently did he conclude, ' That is the law and the prophets!' Let the curious Bible reader compare the following passages : Matt. 5:5 with Psa. 32:11; Matt. 6:15 with Cant. 28:3, etc. In Talmud Massechet Kalah may be found: ' He who looks upon a woman with impure intention, has, it may be said, in so doing, committed adultery.' Compare with Matt. 5:28. The principle of non-resistance inculcated by Jesus will be found in almost identical language in the lamentations of Jeremiah, even to ' he giveth his cheek to be smitten ;' compare alsolVIatt. 5:44 with Lev. 19:17, 18; Ex. 23:4, 5 ; Ex. 23:17 ; and so on through all the principal sayings of Jesus. There is no remark in all the beautiful sermon on the Mount, that is so new, that its identity may not be found, in all richness in the older Bible or Talmud! The expressions, that often follow : ' Ye have heard that it was said by them of old,' would almost lead us to think Jesus an innovator, rising in condemnation of the past; which so far from being true, in the apparent repetition of so-called statements, may rather be called a wholesale and indefensible calumny, which can be clearly proved! The rebukes which Jesus uttered to the people, find an equal in the prophets ; and some of them sound like the reading of the latter, as in Isa. 1:11, et seq. One subject of Jesus was particularly odious to Jews — his professed divinity. For this they killed him, after giving him ample time to save himself if lie was divine. Not being a believer in the Atonement, I am most sorrowful that Jesus was not left to die naturally ; when, I believe, the Jews would have better understood him. By this provision, also, we might have been spared the demoralization of Scripture as introduced by Paul, and learned by happy experience that Moses, through the law, is yet ' our schoolmaster to bring us to Christ,' even as he so schooled Jesus. G. A. Lomas, Shakers, N. Y.