CORRESPONDENCE Extract of a letter from Wm. Wheeler... Extract of a letter from Wm. Wheeler, dated Hebron, Ind., June 23, 1875, to Elder J. S. Prescott, of North Union, Ohio. ' Please tell me if you believe in the Bible alone as the perfect rule and guide to heaven and eternal life ? And also, will the ' Shaker and Shakeress ' allow our brief correspondence to be inserted in it ? Please let me know. I hope to hear from you again soon. We join in sending our best love and wishes to all. I must say I have particular regards for you and yours. Hoping all for the best, Wm. Wheeler, P. O. Box 38.' REPLY North Union, 0., June 28,1875. Wm. Wheeler, Dear Friend—Yours of the 23d inst. is received. We are not in favor of theological discussions. If truth be the object, there is a better way to obtain it. It is well known that we do not believe in the plenary inspiration of the Bible as being the only ' perfect rule and guide to heaven and eternal life.' We believe that some parts of the old and new Testaments were given by holy men of God, who wrote and spake as they were moved by Holy Spirits, the same as some do in this day. The Bible of to-day, the day and age in which we live, is as much an infallible guide to heaven and eternal life as the Bible of two thousand years ago, and more reliable, because it has never been corrupted by translators. We believe that other parts of the Bible contain discrepancies and contradictions—¦ words of wicked men and lying spirits, the same as are ministering in this day. It is generally admitted, and that too by some of the greatest sticklers of Bible infallibility, that some parts of the old Testament are too ottscene to be read before a public audience or a promiscuous assembly. And some parts of the Bible are simply historical, and no more the ' word of God ' than the history of Rome or of the American rebellion. And yet it is all summed up as the only infallible word of God. What an absurdity ! 'All scripture given by inspiration of God, whether ancient or modern, is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness, that the man of God maybe perfect — thoroughly furnished unto all good works.' 2d Timothy, 3d, 16, 17. The design of all scripture, given by inspiration of God, both Jewish and Christian, was the perfecting of the saints, the man and woman of God, that they might be thoroughly furnished unto all good works. But how have these scriptures been perverted to sectarian purposes even unto the present day ? Hence the necessity of a ' more sure word of prophecy —' present Revelation' — whereunto we do well to take heed as unto a light that shineth in a dark place.' We are aware of the powerful organization now forming to get the Protestant Bible, with all its imperfections, engrafted into the Constitution of the United States. And what is all this for ? Is it to give these anti-christian Priestly bigots a chance to burn heretics and all who will not subscribe to their religious dogmas 1 May Heaven save us from such a back-set into the dark ages, is the prayer of thy friend Jas. S. Prescott