BLACK QUAKERS We have been permitted to make another extract from an unpublished work of travels in Central Africa. On the north branch of the Gonii river in a secluded country we found a colony of Quakers or friends. They were a very isolated people, having little intercourse with the tribes around them. They used the plain language and never resorted to arms, being non-resistants. In their government they had very admirable police arrangements. The force was composed of strong athletic men and women, who used no weapons but acted the part of care-takers of the insane. These people believed that any one who violated the rights of others or committed any crime was of unsound mind and to a certain extent insane, and it was considered to be a duty to restrain these until they gave evidence of restoration to health. They denied that there was any right to punish any one, the law carrying its penalties with it, and the compunction of conscience being greater where human authority did not interfere and attempt to punish. They claimed the right and the power to restrain any person who acted in a manner that was injurious to themselves or to others. They used just sufficient restraint to prevent this, and in doing this they were always very careful to avoid any appearance of vindictive feelings or punishment toward those on whom it was used. Their police arrangements worked so quietly that one would scarcely know of its existence, great care was taken to avoid any public manifestations, under the belief that they were not beneficial to society, and they kept all such things sacredly quiet, and persons were often restrained for a time, and came forth without its being known to any except those who had kindly cared for them. In their dealings with one another they were strictly honest, preferring each other in all things. Their mode of worship was like that of the friends in civilized countries. They came together every day in a social manner, and sat in silent meditation until some one, either man, or woman, or child, was moved to speak. There was a solemn dignity about their meetings, which was felt by all. The remarks of the young children even, were often very feeling and impressive. Their meeting closed with social greetings, conversation and gymnastic exercises. They claimed to be influenced directly by the Holy Spirit. Their religious views were very plain and simple, always avoiding unpleasant controversies. There was a general feeling of love, and forbearance prevailed. They believed in one God, the great central ruling power of the universe and the Holy Spirit which they believe was sent by God to comfort them and enlighten them in their every-day duties. They carried their religion into all departments of life, and had no observance of days and times; believing all days to be alike holy, they did not set apart one day in seven as is done by most religious denominations. They considered oaths as an abomination, and held that every person was sacredly bound to speak the truth at all times and under all circumstances, and hence had no idea of going through any form to make a person, under special conditions, tell the truth ; for, said they, this would be an admission that they might tell falsehoods all the rest of the time. They were exceedingly plain and exemplary in regard to their dress, while all were left free. The rule generally adopted was economy, utility and comfort. There was no rigid rule confining any one to a particular form or color; each one was left to follow their taste and inclinations. There was a great deal of freedom and sociability among them ; living pure lives, their intercourse was free and without any suspicion, and hence they were a very happy people. Individual conscience was respected always as the real standard, and each one was left free to act according to their highest and best impressions and the dictates of their consciences, with no other restraint than those we have referred to in regard to the rights of others and injury to themselves. Their form of government was very simple. Bach individual being a law unto themselves there was very little need of any external laws. Their education was universal, and by common consent all children were sent to school, the boys and girls together, and they were taught such branches of knowledge as were calculated to strengthen and develop their minds, while the physical was also properly attended to. This spirit of equality, based upon capacity, was carried out in all departments, and woman stood side by side with man, a participant in all things according to capacity. No arbitrary standard of equality was professed, but the divine equality of right measured by capacity alone, was the standard universally accepted. Though they were a simple minded people, they were not devoid of artistic taste in their houses and in the laying out and cultivation of their gardens. The country, being a very fertile one, produced spontaneously almost every thing that was needed for their subsistence. Yet, unlike most persons who live in such countries, they were an industrious people, having an innate sense of the necessity of working in natural things in order to develop their own powers. There were no very wealthy persons and no poor. They were not allowed to hold any more land than they could properly cultivate, and their habits were such that avarice was not at all fostered in any one, and any manifestation of it was considered an evidence of unsoundness of mind and a subject for moral restraint first, and if it did not stop with this, the restraint was carried further. The purity of their lives, the freedom of their intercourse, and the happy relations they sustained to each other in their families and as a community, presented features which we had never witnessed in any other country. We asked some of them why they did not mingle with other tribes; they remarked that they had not found any other people who were willing to live as they did, and therefore it seemed best to them to keep their community isolated, and the tribes around had not yet attained to a position to comprehend and live out the principles which they felt called upon to manifest in their lives to the world. Their idea was, that they were descendants of two families of very good men and women, who settled in that country many years ago.