RELIGION Religion does not consist merely in the belief that the man Jesus lived a self-denying life, and taught, both by precept and example, that his followers should do the same, neither is it found in wild speculative theories, concerning the doctrines which he taught—while in practice denying them. It is not pure religion which only recognizes God, and asks assistance on occasions of special need; while in general prosperity, the Father's gifts are woven into selfish interests, and his beneficence forgotten. Neither does it consist in formulas, creeds, modes of worship, and particular styles of dress — all of which may be expressions of religious sentiment, but vitally considered, are not spirit power, quickening the soul into resurrection life and producing good fruits, works, which are the evidence of true religion. Throughout all nations there is an innate idea of worship in some form ; and every sect has a corresponding creed, which finds expression in diversified ways. The Shakers profess not to have a creed, to bind and fetter the soul's progress, the effect generally produced, but they believe in God, as a duality — Father and Mother — and in the soul's progression, without bound or limit. As a sequence of this belief, that God is dual, their order of government is represented in dual form. The male and female work, in harmonic relations, together, as brother and sister in Christ — children of a Heavenly Father and Mother, they are co-workers in building up a household of Christrin faith, and promoting the cause of truth. Under the spiritual faith that the true resurrection pertains to the soul, and that whoever comes into Christ, practically, enters the resurrection work. The Shakers give outward expression to their inward feelings, in worship. When they go forth in dances, it is an expression of joy, which they feel, that they are disenthralled — freed from the bondage of sinful passions. In marching they express the idea of traveling home to God — leaving old things of the past for the new — the inferior for the superior. And when they engage in ' battles of shaking,' it is a sign that all that is false and erroneous must be shaken off, and left behind; and they have found, that shaking is effective, as a means, in disarming the enemies of the soul's peace, and pulling down satan's kingdom. Religion that works by love and purifies the heart, will demand strict self-denial, and lead to an honest confession of sin, and repentance toward God, and thus souls will gain confidence, and be strengthened to pursue their heavenward journey, step by step, until they stand in perfect justification. The question is often asked, Can all minds become religious? We believe that every soul is possessed of a germ of spirituality — of love to God. That germ needs cultivation, growth and the means of education, and the free will of individuals to receive and obey light, greatly determine the results. We believe it is a possibility. It is true that many are blest, through a natural inheritance, with a greater degree of spirituality and intuitive perception, than others; and it is apparently easier for them to comprehend the soul's needs, and to receive divine influences; but there is a greater responsibility resting upon such. If they fill the sphere in which they were created to act, they must be connecting links between the lower and still higher grades of beings. Earnest labor, time and growth, will elevate and progress all. Religion will bring all faculties of mind and body, into harmony of action, in the service of God. It indeed requires great skill, and is a delicate work to guide the heart — turn it away from all its perverse tendencies— to perfect purity; and to guard against pride, vain emulation and self-esteem, and induce humility and love. To learn to prefer and honor others before self, requires constancy and care and battling with worldly temptations. Religion leads from narrow, selfish conservatism, and teaches Christian benevolence, and universal love. Witness how bounteously are the gifts of our Heavenly Father and Mother spread over the universe ; in what variety and profusion; they are sufficient to meet the needs and fill the minds of all. In like manner, finite beings should dispense charity to all who are in need, and from pure motives, give with a liberal hand, as far as consistent. In this way, they become God-like — Christlike— and fulfill the command, 'Be ye perfect, even as your Father in Heaven is perfect.' True Religion, then, is the outflowing of the principle of love toward God — the source of all goodness and power. It is like a living, growing, fruit-bearing tree, whose roots are deeply imbedded in the soil of truth, and whose branches are ever reaching upward to the spiritual powers above — the elements of divine life — for nourishment, and to be fed by the Christ-spirit. And they who are engrafted thereon, their ' leaf shall not wither,' nor their power wane, till eternal life is won — the victory gained. They who toil in earnest, and sow the good seed, then patiently wait for growth, will see the fruition of their hopes and labors. Elizabeth Martin, Canterbury, N. H.