GHOSTLY STONE THROWING The Albany Express, August 10, had an article concerning Ghosts. It states that in a neat little village in Michigan, called Byran, a family of the name of Turner are stoned by Ghosts. It commenced last fall, while the woman was milking, and is still in operation. Stones fell several days, puzzling all searchers and inquirers, ' when the neighbors came, and the stones continued rapidly falling about them in their search for the person throwing them.' — When the snow was deep the stones still kept falling. ' A thousand, or more, persons have visited the place, and all are convinced that there is a Ghost in the case.' Does the Express remember the Stratford, Ct., excitement, of some twenty years ago ? Stratford was a beautiful little village, inhabited mostly by retired D. D.'s and their prosperous deacons. Their godliness had been profitable to them, in all things pertaining to this life and the world that now is ; but it had net enlightened their understandings relative to the world ' that is to come.' They had taught the people to believe, devoutly, all the Bible marvels, as set forth in King James' translation — the Protestant word of God. Men carried, for miles, by Spirits, who held them by the hair of their heads. Through their agency, Women, past age, became happy mothers. They fed Elijah with food that lasted him forty days. At his word they improvised primitive fire that burned up fifty men, and then repeated it and consumed the second fifty. On another occasion they caused 80,000 Syrian soldiers, in one night, to become ' dead corpses.' Even this was no great marvel, compared with what they did in drowning all the inhabitants of Earth, except a small remnant, to continue the practice of their marvels upon. Some men they made to walk upon water. Others, to pass through the waters, dry shod. Three men they kept from burning, when in the midst of a fiery furnace, so that their garments had not a singe upon them. When one of these same men was thrown into a den of Lions, the Spirits made those Lions to be at peace with him till morning. He being taken out and his enemies thrown in, they broke their bones and ate them up for breakfast. Considerate and discriminating Lions!! Are our religious guides blind to these and a long list of similar facts ? Have they been deceiving us for filthy lucre's sake, or are they only blind to the underlying Laws — the occult forces of Nature ? Is it really ' like Priest, like People?' so that ghostly stories, if modern, puzzle ? Dr. Phelps' son Henry, of Stamford, was a medium for ghostly stone throwing. They broke the Dr.'s windows, daily, with stones. They stoned the carriage when Henry was in it, passing to the neighbors. They threw stones all the way from house to house, and when he was in the house they threw stones on to the roof and all around the premises. How would it work for our Protestant Clergy and their people, who so freely and so fully believe the ancient records of this class of marvelous facts and phenomena, upon the evidence of other people's senses, to attend at Chittenden, examine, investigate and report to us, upon the evidence of their own senses and upon the evidence of witnesses living there, as capable and credible as themselves ? And thus teach us the scientific laws upon which those ancient facts — Bible marvels — rested; that we simple people may avail ourselves of the same laws, by which to explain and make plain the far more incontestable and better substantiated modern facts and phenomena of our own day and time ? Or else, let us all be consistent, and reject the so-called supernatural manifestations, both ancient and modern.