SABBATH ' Give us this day our daily bread,' was the prayer of Jesus. The ancient, typical Israel received their manna fresh every day, and if any, through greediness, gathered more than they needed, it decayed — became corrupt — and availed nothing the ensuing day. Is there not in this fact a significance for pilgrims this later day ? If we are industrious and prudent may we not trust in Israel's God to give us food suited to our wants and necessities, both temporally and spiritually 1 While we are fulfilling the type of the forty years pilgrimage of the children in the Wilderness, if the Lord give us food — manna — from the heavens, will it not be wise for every one to gather for him and herself, in proportion to needs, that thereby we may be nourished and grow? They were instructed to gather, according to their need, but to leave nothing over, except on the sixth day. ' To-morrow is the rest of the holy Sabbath unto the Lord. Bake that which ye will to-day, and that which remaineth lay up for the morning, for on the Sabbath day ye shall not find it in the field. Let no man go out of his place on the Sabbath. So the people rested on the Sabbath day.' What an admirable plan to destroy avarice, and to teach a lesson of dependence and humility ! We would not be understood that we believe the seventh day was better, and more holy than the six preceding days, other than it was sanctified by the people, and devoted to higher and holier uses. But it was meet that one day in seven should be set apart for spiritual culture and elevation, to refrain from secular business. And who does not believe that the physical, temporal and spiritual conditions of the people were improved by the observance of the Sabbath of rest and devotion, on which day they were cited to study the law and scriptures of that time ? And shall we, of the nineteenth century, of what is called the Christian age of the world, refuse to observe the Sabbath in consonance with its real meaning, or spend the time in idleness and recreation, and thus fritter away the golden moments ? It is said of Napoleon, that while on his marches with his army he observed the seventh day of rest, for not only his men, but his horses needed that rest to retain health and vigor, and that theory has the sanction of scientists. Especially are those who profess to be a 'peculiar people, zealous of good works,' a ' royal priesthood,' under the guidance of the Christ-spirit in the male and female order, bound by that profession and by love to God, and duty to our neighbor, to spend the Sabbath as we profess to do, in such a spirit of true consecration, spiritual exercise and devotion, as will be productive of the greatest amount of good to our own souls, and to others, and thus promote the cause of righteousness in the earth. Now, in this day of Christ's second coming, we cannot present ourselves blameless before God if we do not gather the bread of life wherewith to feed the hungry, and living waters to impart to the thirsty. The earth needs saving — purifying elements to-day — salt that has lost none of its savor. The day, and time in which we live, call upon us to be men and women of growth and progress, not to lower the standard of holiness, but to exalt it — raise it still higher. It is our privilege to plunge into the ' risen waters ' and swim clear of those inferior desires and passions which fetter and bind many souls to earth. May we receive a fullness of the promise made to Israel of old, ' To the eunuchs that keep my Sabbaths (and Sabbaths of Sabbaths), and choose the things that please Me, and take hold of My covenants, unto them will I give in Mine house and within My walls, a name and place better than of sons and daughters.' E. H. Webster, Harvard, Mass.