BAPTISM Baptism, in some form, is the door of entrance into the popular churches. How far the ordinance is efficacious in removing sin from the heart, and giving power to abstain therefrom, is a subject worthy of consideration. The tree must be judged by the fruit it produces. There are different kinds of baptisms spoken of in scripture. John's baptism of water, which was for the cleansing of the human body, to prevent disease and keep it in a healthy condition, was symbolical, but as essential as the true Christ baptism of ' fire and the Holy Spirit,' which is to cleanse and purify the soul, consume all grossness from the heart, and burn the chaff, while it gathers and preserves the wheat. As I take a retrospect of my life's journey, thus far, I can see how kindly I have been dealt with, and how I have been led by unseen hand step by step, in paths that I knew not; and my heart swells with gratitude, as I recount the many blessings which have been dispensed to me; and with the Psalmist of olden time I am led to say, ' Goodness and mercy have followed me all the days of my life.' In early life, I sought to be a Christian. I was admitted into church communion by passing through the rite of baptism by sprinkling. That was as far as my light then led me. After a time, the spirit again strove with me, and seemed to urge me to take another step. I reflected that Jesus was baptized by immersion ; and in order to follow him, I must also be immersed. I yielded to convictions of duty, and felt blest, for the time being. I searched the Scriptures, and found there were Covenants, as well as Baptisms, spoken of ; and I sought to understand what those Covenants were. I learned that there were Laws and Statutes and Covenants given to the ancient Israelites in the Mosaic Dispensation ; but they were not strong and effective; and ' made not the comers thereunto perfect.' I also read of a New Covenant that was to be made with the house of Israel, in which the Law was to be written in the hearts of the people ; and Christ would sit as a Refiner in his temple, and old things would be done away, and all in his kingdom would become New, and there would be ' one faith, one Lord, and one baptism.' Soon after that period, I received a call of the Spirit to come out from the world, its spirit and practice ; and to make a full consecration of my whole being to the service of God. I saw and began to understand the New Covenant, and felt the power of a new baptism — the baptism of fire — even the Spirit of Truth. I became a member of the Church of Christ's Second Appearing, and have been striving for many years to delineate the character of a true Believer in Christian principles, by practical life. The mission of Jesus was not to destroy the Law and Covenants of the past, but to fulfill them, and reveal a higher law — show a more perfect way — while it included all the good. ' The law and the prophets were until John ;' and it was his mission to call men and women to repentance for all transgressions of the law of Moses, and th us prepare them to receive the kingdom which Jesus came to inaugurate; showing that repentance must precede the reception of new and divine truth. He taught his disciples to pray for that kingdom to come, in which the will of God would be done by mortals on earth, as it is done by Angels in heaven. That kingdom will manifest itself, not in word only, but in saving powers. It will be constituted of souls whom the love of truth draws together — 'a peculiar people who are zealous of good works — whose meat and drink it is to do the work of God.' Blessed and happy are they who find an inheritance in that kingdom, and with the saints who possess it, have their names enrolled in the Book of Life. No one can reign with Christ except they be willing to suffer with him. Jesus said to the woman who came to him with a petition for her sons, ' Ye know not what ye ask. Are ye able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of, and to be baptized with the baptism that I shall be baptized with 1' He understood full well that few would be willing to be buried with him by baptism into his death, that they might be raised in the likeness of his resurrection. The physical suffering which he endured when he was buffeted, spit upon, forsaken of friends, crowned with thorns, and led as a sheep to the slaughter, were light, compared with the mental suffering and grief of spirit that he felt, when he saw how few were willing to receive the weighty truths which he was sent to confer upon a lost race. When he neared Jerusalem and cast his eyes over the city, and saw how few were willing to accept his teachings, he wept and said, ' Oh, Jerusalem, Jerusalem, how oft would I have gathered you, but ye would not! ' Ruth Webster, Union Village, O.