OLD AGE How rare to see truly happy and venerable old age ! Why is it so ? Life means progress and evolution. If Immortality have sense or meaning, it must mean Advance movement from lower to higher — progress in truth and light — stripping off shackles of ignorance and prejudice — delivering the spiritual nature of man from the bondage of the low animal nature—unveiling new truths — enabling the soul to grow into angelic condition, that it may see God and live in him. Let this course be pursued, and the more we increase in years the better we will learn our lesson, know our duty and do it — the more ready will we be to give up bad habits and learn good ones — the more easy to practice self-denial — to leave behind what is low and earthly, and grow into the Divine and Heavenly. To refuse or neglect this our high vocation, to shrink at a little matter of cross, would be to pawn, with faint hope of redemption, our heavenly birth-right for a most miserable kind of pottage. Do we realize this ? I will labor with all earnestness, that as I advance in years I may advance in true spiritual life and power, that with increase of years the cross against lower law influences will be correspondingly lighter. Would any of you, my dear Gospel Sisiers and Brothers, relinquish your right to personal immortality, to the joys of higher worlds ? I will not. Let us all be nice and clean and sweet, and see to it that neither that which goeth in at the mouth nor that which cometh out defiles the Temple of God. Let us look a little deeper — not neglecting vigilance in meats and drinks, using only such as conduce to purity of body and soul—let us look into the think, and see what is harbored there. Are thoughts admitted there that would not ldok well printed in large capitals and pasted on the outside ? Know we not that we are the Temple of God? Know we not that impure thoughts defile the temple quite as much as superfine flour, alcohol, tea, coffee, drugs, or the dead carcasses of oxen, sheep or swine? What the prospects of such as defile the Temple of God ? Let us drop the curtain. Julius Assman, Canaan, N. Y.