SOW WELL—REAP WELL Beloved Youth in Zion : There is no greater fallacy than that entertained by many of your class, that they can obtain real happiness in a way suited to their worldly desires. This ' Philosopher's stone' can never be found, and all who spend their lives in search of it will be disappointed and ruined. It is folly, 0, youth, to think that you can form vicious habits, and, on arriving at maturity, cast them off as easily as you can change your garments! God never fails to reward good and punish evil deeds, and the law of God is, you shall reap that which you sow; that, and not something else ! If you will sow ' wild oats,' depend upon it the result of your folly will be a fearful harvest of vices ! If you give loose rein to sinful practices, deplorable consequences must and will follow! You cannot avert them. If you sow to the flesh, of the flesh you will reap corruption! Loss of peace, loss of happiness, disappointment and shame to yourselves; these are the bitter fruits of a sinful life. Let this truth always be remembered; the prize of salvation is not obtained without personal exertion ; if you desire it, it may be yours, but only by earnest, persevering effort in self-denial, while beset with difficulties of every kind. Hence, should any of you be debating, in your minds, a change of profession, thinking that you may have a ' genius ' for some other mode of life, hoping to find salvation by ' climbing up some other way,' dismiss the thought at once, as a temptation of Satan to do evil. If your trials and temptations are great while bearing the cross, do not make them greater by deserting it, but spend all* your energies in clinging to it as the life-boat that sustains you on the ocean of time. If you leave it, it is certain you will go down ; you will be lost! But if you bend every energy to the self-denying work, your love for your profession will increase, and, ultimately, victory will crown your efforts; you will safely outride every storm on the rough sea of nature, and arrive secure in the haven of eternal rest, cheered and directed by ' the star of purity.' Daniel Orcutt, Enfield, Conn.