Berlin, N. J., Jan. 26th, 1875 Dear Friend Evans: — For several years past I have desired to write an article for the Shaker and Shakeress, on the position of Christ in relation to war, but you have so many better writers within your own society, I have thought you would not care about communications from so imperfect an outsider as myself, I will however, send you a few lines and you can do with them as you think best. During the late terrible war, nearly all the ministers in this nation, preached war as a Christian duty. Their texts were always tfie words of Christ, where he commanded his disciples to take swords. Had they understood the true meaning of that command, instead of its favoring war it would have been a most emphatic and decided testimony against war. When he sent forth his apostles to preach, he commanded them to take neither gold, silver, brass, purse or scrip, nor two coats apiece, and at the same time told them he sent them even as sheep among wolves, and that they should have power over all devils. Now, if swords are necessary for protection, by whom could they be needed more than by people who go, as sheep, in the midst of wolves ? If Christ believed in war, why did he not arm them then ? What was the sequel ? Why, they went forth as he had commanded, and a divine power went with them and opened the hearts of certain classes to supply their wants, and the same divine power restrained the wolves, their enemies, so that no one could lay hands on them. They needed no swords, though like sheep among wolves, for the Lord God of Hosts was as a wall of fire round about them. When they returned he said unto them, Lacked ye any thing ? and they replied: No, nothing. He said to them, Take swords, and he that hath no sword, let him sell his coat and buy one. They answered; here are two, and he told them they were enough. If his intention was to fight, would he have expected to conquer all that would come against him, with two swords ? Nay, verily. He had no intention of fighting. The same scripture declares that he knew his hour had come. Why then did he want swords ? For the purpose of bearing a final and decisive testimony against war, by showing that though armed he would not permit his disciples to fight. If his disciples had no swords, people might have questioned whether he would not have fought if he had been armed. But having swords and forbidding his disciples to use them, even to save his own life, was a testimony that none need doubt nor mistake. Yet the blind leaders of the blind, who with their followers are all wallowing in the filth of their own lusts, have taken this last testimony, of Christ against war, plain and simple as it is and made it mean just the opposite of what Christ intended, so that in the late war were seen people who professed to be the followers of the Prince of Peace, mangling and destroying each other. Orthodox arrayed against Orthodox, Methodists against Methodists, and so on through a hundred different sects, all arrayed against each other, all praying to the same imaginary War Demon for success, against each other, while priests all over the nation were shouting, ' Christ commanded his disciples to take swords, and therefore it is the duty of Christians to mangle and kill thoee who never harmed them, at the beck of ungodly demagogues, to preserve a Union that each generation has a right to dissolve ! Your Friend, J. Hacker