CUTTING OFF AND PUTTING ON Did Jesus ever travail beyond that mixed condition ? Was it one of the cases wherein he learned obedience, to the Christ-spirit, by what he suffered — for what he had done, or allowed to be done, under the impulse of his Jewish proclivities ? Did not Ann Lee illustrate the same forces, while travailing out of her inherited and acquired Gentileism 1 Did putting on the ear, by a Gift of healing, under the law of materialization, prove both the War and the Peace principles to be of the Christ-spirit? Or was War Jewish, and Peace Christian? Is it advisable to thus blow hot and cold with the same breath ? Babylon means mixture. Was not the whole transaction of that character ? Would any of us be willing to have any one man cut off our ear, or nose, for the sake of letting some other man replace it, by supernatural agency ? If right to put the ear on, was it right to cut it off ? Or had Jesus missed the mark, when he gave his disciples liberty to possess themselves of swords — carnal weapons ? They not only had arms, like soldiers, but used them. As a natural man, history furnishes none more perfect, in generation, than Jesus. Ann Lee, in relation to war, was, in testimony and practice, equally perfect. The council of Peace is betwixt them both. Neither, without the other, is complete — for it is not good for man to be alone — and vice versa. After the experience of many centuries, with the reflection that comes of leisure, Jesus may have helped Ann, in her travail. She affirms that he walked and talked with her in the Spirit World. May we not be pardoned, should we presume to think that the twelve Apostles, as they sit upon their twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel, look down upon the world of Gentile Christianity, and judge the great, bloody Whore ? All Religious Organizations that preach peace and practice war, outside of their organizations, and, to this day, maintain the Inquisition, in some of its hydraheaded forms, inside of every religious institution in Christendom. Babylon Christians, who worship Jesus as God, justify marriage, and hold it a Sacrament, because Jesus attended a wedding. And they equally justify war, because his disciples had war weapons, up to the time of his final arrest by the Romans. Why is the Testimony of Christ's Second Appearing superior to the First? Is it not because more perfect in separating the chaff from the wheat — the false from the true — the flesh from the Spirit ?