REFLECTIONS UPON SOME OF THE PARABLES OF JESUS In reading some of the parables put forth by Jesus, I have been led to reflect how much easier it is to make good resolves than to keep them. And how few there are who are really willing to forsake all to follow Christ, when called. Many would gladly grasp the treas ures of immortal life, and possess the goodly pearl, but are not willing to pay the price. Like the young man who addressed Jesus as, ' Good Master, what good thing can 1 do to inherit eternal life ? ' When Jesus said to him, ' Go sell all thou hast and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven,' he went away sorrowing. His riches were, in reality, the god he served. Jesus said : ' Hardly shall a rich man enter the kingdom of heaven.' 'Foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests, but the son of man hath not where to lay his head.' Some, without consideration and mature understanding of the cross and self-denial required to become a true follower of Christ, are ready to say, 'Lord,/will follow Thee whithersoever Thou goest;' but as soon as they find that if they ' would reign with Him, they must also suffer with Him,' their courage fails — there are many idols in the way. One whom Jesus called said, ' Suffer me first to go and bury my father.' ' Let the dead bury their dead,' was the reply, which was equivalent to saying they who are dead in trespasses arid sins — who are living the natural generative life, and have not been resurrected therefrom — must attend to the duties of that Order. Let them bury their own dead; ' preach thou the kingdom of God ;' •' My kingdom is not of this world,' plainly showing there were higher duties to be performed, and that there could be no real fellowship between light and darkness — no blending of flesh and spirit—but that His mission was to draw souls from the worldly life — its affections as well as its lusts — and lead them up to a higher plane. This was plainly demonstrated by the answer that he gave to one who asked permission ' first to go and bid farewell to his friends at home in his own house.' Jesus said, ' He that putteth his hand to the plow and looketh back is not fit for the kingdom of God.' Jesus plainly taught, by precept and example, that it is not practicable to serve two masters ; that no one can be grafted into the New heavenly vine, unless cut off from the Old earthly vine, and that it must cause pain and suffering to die — lose the natural carnal life — to find a life that will be eternal. Elmira Hillsgrove, Canterbury, N. H.