SECOND VISIT TO THE EDDYS In company with two Sisters — representatives of their Order—we made, in July, a second visit to ' Spirit Vale ' — Chittenden, Vt. We were kindly received by the Eddys, by their visitors—some forty-five or fifty—and by the Spirits. We witnessed many materializations and communications of Spirits. That the Mediums are true and honest in the part they act, was the general verdict of those present. There was one exception — a reporter of the Boston Herald — a young man, whose manner and bearing impressed all with whom he came in contact, as an entirely untrustworthy describer of any thing he might see, or hear, pertaining to Spiritualism. His report of the stances, each of which we witnessed, is untrue in fact and egregiously wrong in spirit. And here I would make a few remarks upon unprincipled Journalism. Perhaps, I cannot better illustrate than by stating, that I, as Editor of the Shaker and Shakeress, am, from time to time, in receipt, from parties styling themselves ' Publishing Bureaus.' They offer to contract to furnish any quantity of matter, from one column, to a dozen, at a rate to be agreed upon. The matter to be in the form of letters or communications, and upon any subject designated. Any grade of theology, or shade of politics, that the Editor may desire, will be presented ! ! It is a common practice, in our great cities, especially New York, for Editors to send Reporters to meetings, of different kinds, to write them up or down — to represent or misrepresent their sayings, and doings, just as the Journal inclines, for, or against the cause advocated, the principles enunciated, or the parties engaged. When I conversed with the Herald Reporter, I had no more doubt, than after reading his report, that he was hired and sent, by his employers, to denounce, ridicule and utterly condemn the Spirit Vale, or Eddy materializations, regardless of what might be the facts of the case. How far the poor young man is responsible for the consequences of his service to his employer, I leave an open question, of little moment. But what of such Journalism ? — Every new and true phase, of human progress, must pass through this trying ordeal. In the end, Truth triumphs — Error, alone, is slain by such weapons. The Blood of Martyrs is the seed of the Church. By the sufferings of pioneers, the soil of freedom is cleared of the gigantic forests of evils, and opened to the Sun of Righteousness.