COVETOUSNESS Covetousness is idolatry. How men bow down and worship mammon, the god of the world. When this spirit is allowed to grow, and is cultivated, and remains unchecked, how sad, how blighting its effects. Look at the man who has piled up his millions, is he happy ? Is he satisfied ? Nay, nay. The spirit of greed has grown with his growth, and strengthened with his strength ; dried up every spring of benevolence and kindness in his heart, and holds him with an iron grasp. He is blind, foolish, and infatuated with madness. Perhaps he is an old man, just standing upon the edge of the grave, all his hopes, desires, affections and aspirations, buried in a little lump of earth. See him ! bent with age, bent still worse earthward with the spirit of base, sensual, covetous desire. All the rich treasures of Heaven, just above him,but he knows it not. He is a stranger to the Christian's peace, and the delightful ministration of angels. They have no communion with him. When he dies, a dark cloud settles over him, and he takes a ' leap in the dark,' unattended by any escort, except it be from spirits like himself, whose society will only increase his misery. Well might the poet say : 11 Though a broad stream of golden sands, Through all his meadows roll, He s but a wretch ; with all his lands, Who wears a narrow soul.' Let the youth beware of covetousness ; nip this spirit in the bud. Be moderate in all your earthly desires. Be thankful if surrounded with those who are trying by precept and example to inspire in you the beauty of a truly noble, pure and unselfish life. Keep the window of your soul wide open on the sunny side of Heaven. Think how many more blessings you have than many others, and more than you deserve. Rejoice when you see others receiving attention, or enjoying favors which you do not possess. Strive to make others happy, and in this way you will be gathering good to yourself, and sowing seed which will produce a harvest of everlasting joy. Gilbert Hubbell, Mount Lebanon, N. Y.