SHAKERESS: 'THE POOR MAN CRIED AND THE LORD HEARD HIM,' ISA. A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS We live in an age of profound thought and deliberation. In society at large great inequality exists — riches and poverty abound to an alarming extent. The toiling millions who spend their energies in rearing magnificent mansions for the capitalists to luxuriate in, while tliey dwell in rude cottages, and subsist on scanty allowance of food and deficient clothing, feel sorely oppressed; and they dream of a better state of things in a day which they believe will dawn upon them in the future. When they read the avowal of the Founders of the American government, that ' All men are created free and equal,' they keenly feel the injustice of the state of society as it now exists. Thousands are heard to say that a Christianity that does not take into account, and provide for the physical, as well as the spiritual needs of its subjects, is spurious — wanting in essence and vital energy. The public mind has conceived the idea that somehow, through the communistic principle, a true Brotherhood is the possibility of the race. Although it is divided in opinion as to the most sure method of attaining that desired object, whether to work from a rational, socialistic and benevolent basis, or to combine the material, intellectual and spiritual, in one grand system that represents, comprehends, and supplies, the entire needs of the whole man and woman. The late Horace Greeley, an acknowledged philanthropist, who gave his thoughts and life labors in a large degree to benefit and uplift human society from oppression and want, irrespective of their religious creeds or professions, wrote thus: ' Christ never intended that of his disciples a few should enjoy every costly luxury which imagination could suggest, while millions famished and shivered, wanting the veriest necessaries of life.* * * ' Man is fallen and is divided ; he must be raised and re-united. Darkened in under standing, and made gross by sensuality, he needs to be taught his first duty to his brother. ' Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.' How read you this, ye upholders of War, Slavery, and that Social Order which leaves millions to grow up in Ignorance, Want and Temptation ; which provides prisons for the guilty, and poor-houses for the helpless and Starving, but makes no provision that the still innocent and nobly striving, shall have Opportunity to earn needful Bread ? ' Tell me not this is Christian Society, in which the widow sits toiling from dawn till midnight, consuming her slender remnant of health and vision, to earn of her sister, in the Church, the smallest modicum of food and shelter with which her tender babes can exist. The frightful excess of Social anarchy, misery, and destitution, in the midst of the most abundant wealth and prodigality the world has ever known, is driving millions to inquiry and study with regard to their causes and their cure. Division, Alienation, Isolation, are the bane of our Race.' Were truer words ever spoken or written than those ? We honor Horace Greeley for his efforts to roll forward the car of human progress. He was the poor man's friend. He felt the throbbings of the great heart of humanity, and his soul was moved with compassion, while he sought to understand the producing causes of individual and society wrongs, and if possible to find and point out a remedy. He was evidently a man of high culture, possessed strong intellectual powers, and his reason and conscience were in harmony. And we would bestow 'honor where honor is due.' We highly appreciate, and honor all honest laborers in the field of reform, who give their time and talents, to lessen human woe ; and set up way marks to guide the rising and incoming generations, in paths of virtue and integrity. ' All men are created free and equal,' says the Declaration of American Independence. That must be accepted in a qualified sense. We cannot say truthfully, that all are equal in physical strength nor in intellectual powers; but all have a right to life, and to sufficient means to sustain life. There is a great variety of intellect and capacity in the human family adapted to meet the varied conditions in society ; and that diversity, if rightly used, and not abused, is a blessing. The head of any body of people, either religious, civil, or social, should never oppress any of the members pertaining to it; not even the least. If this be done, the life fluid which should circulate as freely through the limbs, of the body, as through the head, and trunk, is obstructed, causing pain and disease. Some persons in the pursuit of happiness, would naturally turn to the cultivation of the soil — others to hewing wood and drawing water. Another class would seek to learn and teach the sciences by which those branches of industry can be performed to the greatest profit, with the least amount of labor. Talents thus used are beneficial to society and a blessing to humanity; there is neither wrong nor oppression in it. Those who are leaders, in the order of their creation, by the inherent powers which they possess, will rise to occupy their proper position, as heads in the department to which they belong; and justice demands that the superior talents, which is Nature's gift to them for the benefit of others, should be used to promote the happiness and well-being of every member of the body over which they are called to preside. Leaders should be unselfish workers. As society is now organized, multitudes are seeking to live without labor, to eat and drink without giving an honest equivalent; and they ' grind the faces of the poor,' and the spoil which they unjustly take from the widow and the fatherless is seen in costly mansions and gaudy equipages. Did God ever design that his noblest gifts to man should be thus used for selfish ends and purposes? That strong and brilliant talents should be employed to enrich the few and impoverish the many? By what law are merchantmen enabled to send out their large vessels, heavily laden with costly wares, until they whiten many waters ? Or those millionaires who store their wealth in vaults and guard it by a strong force, while the poor man who has given his strength to help create those riches, and now dare not put his finger upon them, reaches out his brawny hand and imploringly asks a morsel of bread for himself and children ? Is there no remedy for this state of things ? ' No balm in Gilead, no physician there ? ' S.urely, we must say with Horace Greeley, ' This is not Christianity.' We venture to say, that no person has a right to the elements of subsistence without labor. Statesmen, Scientists, and Theologians, are all in duty bound to perform manual labor, more or less; their physical health requires it; and no one should seek to live by wits alone ; and those who do it are not made happy thereby. They may sail over many seas and roam in distant lands, visit the pyramids of Egypt, the cathedrals of Rome, and the fine statuary of Greece, and thus while away the hours; but in the cool of the day, when the shadows of night gather around, conscience speaks, saying, ' God is just, and every work will be brought into judgment,' and a just recompense be awarded. Dismay fills the mind, when they reflect that the Lord, who placerd them in his vineyard to work, will call for his own with usury.