New Enfield, N. H., December 25,1874 Dear Elder Frederick :—On this Christmas day, I feel in duty bound, in profound respect, to express my gratitude to you, believing you a true Prophet and radical Reformer of Reforms — removing the rubbish and superstition of by-gone ages — clearing and preparing the way for a new structure, both in physical and spiritual philosophy. I go with you, heart and hand, as far as I comprehend your logic. Your ideas of Jesus of Nazareth, as given, from time to time, agree with my perceptions of right — also the Thunders, uttering their voices. Testimonies against divers evils. I'm glad the ' Old Dams ' are giving way, to make room for something better. I love the Shaker and Shakeress. It affords me much satisfaction. Above all other things, I desire a pure heart and clear understanding of spiritual things. The work of God is moving swiftly. Quite a number are gathering here. I am thankful for the ' Seven Thunders that are uttering their voices.' Am glad that some are privileged to hear, understand and obey, as far as I have. I can say, with you, ' It comforts my spirit to see the young men and women coming up to the help of the Lord, against the mighty influences of evil.' You have fought the good fight, and kept the living faith, in your own soul, and in the souls of many others. The ' Second Thunder' is roaring in the heavens. The old Theological Dams are giving way. The stagnant waters are being stirred, as never before. I am thankful for all the self-denial I have practiced in eating and drinking. I have born my cross, against flesh meats, more than twenty years. Since I came here, I have been as strict a vegetarian as ever before, and am enjoying comfortable health. It is a general time of health here. We, Shakers, have many things to learn of the Jews — and Jews have many things to learn of Shakers. I claim the right to think — to reason — the right of conscience. I claim that Woman is the equal of Man—possessing the same rights —and that the Land belongs, by inalienable right, to the Race — not to individuals. When I first heard of man's taking possession of a tract of land, calling it his own and selling it at a high price, I was surprised. When quite young, I considered it unjust, for a Lawyer, or Doctor, to charge a poor man $5 for five minutes' service. I never have courted opposition, nor persecution. May have been too silent to such wrongs. I have stood still to see the Salvation of God. I may have stood still altogether too long. I perceive there are physical, as well as theological errors, not only in the natural, but in the Spiritual Orders. He, that iterates, and reiterates them, is not an enemy, but a friend — even as Truth is our friend. Elders Abram and Orvil wish me to send their Love. Accept my Love and Blessing, for yourself and all your Family. Clark Hayden