WHAT IS SACRIFICE? At the present time there are comparatively few who call in question the immortality of the human soul; especially since ' Spiritualism,' the Angel seen by John the evangelist, that descended, 'having great power,and lightened the earth with glory,' has worked so effectually among the infidel classes, and become a potent agent in removing mysterious doubts which hung over the minds of many, and of unfolding to their vision the realities of the eternal world. The same instrumentality is disenthralling many devotedly religious minds. Though sincere and earnest they were creedhound and held in strong hands of superstition. Through long ages past, Superstition in matters of Religion has dethroned Reason, occupied its place, and ruled with fearful tyranny. Now, Aspiration and its unfailing response, Revelation, are moulded by Reason, while liberated Conscience, with her balances, is active in duty; thus, more rational and just conceptions of Deity — of the soul — and of the effect of the present life upon the future are attained. And the fact that our being is twofold, natural and spiritual, is undisputed. Both have their uses. The natural is first — first developed. It is transient, temporary, and must be superseded by the spiritual, which ia eternal. The general idea of heaven is that of condition rather than place. The narrow limits of private family relations of me and mine, with all the selfishness pertaining thereto, are being exchanged for the expansive relationship of beneficent, harmonious fraternity, where the wealth of virtue that vanisheth not, and the joys of Angels which cannot be borne away on Time's fleet pinions, shall be the soul's treasure to possess in a life that is imperishable. But who would call this exchange Sacrifice ? If we give perverted appetites for the true and good in the natural, that is not sacrifice. So, in leaving the natural for the spiritual — the earthly for the heavenly — we lose nothing of permanent worth, even if this be done while in time. In forsaking the friendships and connections formed by our first birth, we test our sincerity and love of truth, and try the affections upon its fiery altar. The result is, a baptism of pentecostal love, winch is purified, and new relations are formed in a household of Faith, a heavenly parentage and kindred, near and dear, beneath whose sweet ministrations crosses vanish and give place to blessings. The relations we form with such souls unite us to Angel bands and strengthen us to grow in goodness. By leaving the old for the new, the perishable for the eternal, it is not necessary to undervalue the good of the past. There are many in the world at large who do not find an element or sphere in which their interior life can unfold. Such often seek to give expression to their feelings by an artistic mode of dress and external decorations; but the deep longings of the soul cannot be satisfied in that way. There is a home for the soul,where all is truly refined and beautiful. The soul there becomes as a mansion, lighted witli the glory of goodness. The hallowed remembrances of prophetic visions are like beautiful pictures to embellish its walls ; and the heart's virtues will bloom and send forth fragrance like sweet scented flowers, growing perpetually beneath the sunlight of truth. Such is the reward of those whose ' lines are hid with Christ in God.' Can this be called Sacrifice ? Is not the weight of the Christian's Cross and the Sacrifice overestimated by many, and the blessings received undervalued? What is it but giving the inferior for the superior, the artificial for the real ? And they whose superior intellectual endowments qualify them for Leaders in the van of Reforms or in literary labors, find strong incentives for the development of those powers, for the Gospel opens a broad field for action and offers a reward known only to those who draw the vital elements of support from the great First Cause, the Fountain of their being. Unto such ministering Angels will open the bright portals of revelation, and they will feel impelled by the powers of the spiritual world to give freely of their treasures to-bless humanity, and to yield their lives in unselfish devotion. It has been ascertained by careful investigation that no individual receiving a just remuneration for labor can amass much wealth in excess of life comforts and necessary expenditures. Only through speculation and monopoly, a system that scatters broad-cast the seeds of vice and destruction, destroys the peace of the Community, and preys upon the heart of the Nation, are riches heaped up. Thus toiling millions, often in servile wretchedness, support the few in wanton extravagance, who at their expense are made wealthy. And those highly gifted as financiers, who consecrate that talent to the united interests of a religious community, securing for its inmates the just recompense of honest toil, with the assurance that whatever is accumulated will be dedicated to the diffusion of good, derive therefrom supereminent satisfaction, heaven-high above the toilers for selfish gains whose wealth has been wrung from the toil and sufferings of thousands. We ask again, where is the great Sacrifice ? Catharine Allen, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.