SECOND APPEARING OF CHRIST, ORDER OF ITS INCREASE In the First Appearing the following facts were manifested: First, a virgin life ; Second, goods in common; Third, non-resistance; Fourth, separation from the world. Observe how these testimonies refer themselves to the life and teachings of the man of Nazareth 1st, ' He who looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery.' ' Blessed are the pure in heart.' And the example of his life. 2nd, Jesus and his disciples had goods in common. 3d, Non-resistance, V My kingdom is not of this world, if it were, then would my servants fight.' When one who was with Jesus smote off the ear of one of those who came to take him, he healed the ear, and said, ' Put up thy sword within it sheath,' etc. Again, when asked if fire might not be called down and consume his enemies he said, ' Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of.' Lastly, when he had gathered a few under the shadow of his spirit, he said 'Ye are not of the world, even as I am not.' Note A. The primitive church followed in the same line, a virgin life, goods in common separation from the world, and non-resistance Some of the early Christians suffered death rather than bear arms. We see that the con ditions of a sinless life in the First Appear ance, were purity of thought and person. No selfish interests. Non-assimilation with the world, and an attitude of peace toward all men. All who abode in the teachings of the Apostles embodied the foregoing testimonies. After a lapse of time, the gentile Christians, composed of married people, carnal Corinthians, etc., overshadowed the primitive church, and trod it under foot. Finally, nothing remained as a whole, of these cardinal testimonies. This state of things remained during the dark ages, and for more than a hundred years after the Reformation. The Puritans, the Non-conformists, the Covenanters, the Quakers and the French Prophets, prepared the way for the Second Appearing of Christ. Ann Lee embodied in herself, as did Jesus, the foregoing testimonies. And the Shaker church is a living transcript of the Primitive church, on a broader foundation. It includes the woman as an integral part in government, and in procedure. The Shaker church, its homes and property, are open to all who will embody, in themselves, purity of thought, devotion to the body of Christ (not to self), nonassimilation with the world, and the spirit of peace. The lust of the flesh is chief of the propensities. The Shakers, of to-day, freely declare, that not a single animal propensity can have a place in heaven; the products of the propensities — flesh and blood — cannot go there. Hence, the order of the increase, in the Second Appearing, will be in the line of giving no place to any propensity. The lust of eating is nearly allied to the lust of the flesh, feeds its fires, and is prone to unfit the body for the in-dwelling of the Holy Spirit. This lust, when indulged, creates disease, bodily inefficiency, and premature decay. The signs of the times in and out of the Shaker church, point to this lust as the next in order to be dealt with, not smoothly, and fearfully, and very gently, brt that each one, him and her, grapple with it, put it in its place, and so render the digestive functions subservient to health, strength and purity of life. There is no need of sin; neither is there any need of sickness. Put them both away. The more advanced, outside of the Shaker church, advise the use of unbolted flour and the fruits in their season, in preference to much animal food. The more advanced, inside, testify, that over-eating, and all animal foods, oysters, etc., stimulate the lust of the flesh, and ought to be discontinued in the Church of Christ. Killing animals for food, violates the higher instincts of our being, hardens and petrifies the feelings, and is so repulsive, that it is a hard matter to find a Shaker brother willing to butcher animals. The use of superfine flour is a great waste, and directly contrary to the injunction ' Gather up the fragments that nothing be lost.' It is deficient in brain or nerve food, and when combined with saleratus or soda, the case is aggravated. The chemicals impart to the tissues placidity, and are, no doubt, a predisposing cause to a softening of the brain ; and of course to insanity. When the cooks get up a dish of superfine flourbread toast, just think of this. The prevailing debility, and all the disorders of the digestive organs refer themselves to improper food, over-eating, and to bad air. Flesh meats, butter, milk, pastry, etc., at one meal, are all together out of place. Live to be well,and not for indulgence. Let each one, according to his or her calling, be a power for good in this direction. There is such a thing, at all times, as the patience of the saints. All true progress in this, or in any other direction, will consolidate existing order. ' I am the vine, ye are the branches.' It is the function of the branches to show growth — to progress to more light. It is the function of the trunk to consolidate the eliminated products of growth. So in the Church of Christ, the novitiate orders will be the first to show growth ; that is, if they are good for any thing; and when the crudities of that growth are eliminated, let the choicest atoms be consolidated into the appropriate orders. The branches cannot bear fruit of themselves; the leaves cannot be the roots. The order of divine life cannot be less perfect than plant life. Daniel Fraser, Shirley, Mass.