Friend Hacker is right—and wrong... Friend Hacker is right—and wrong—right, in his idea that war is wrong — wrong, in his idea that Jesus and the apostles were infallible in judgment, perfect in knowledge, and that the Protestant Bible is the word of God, a finality. Jesus and the apostles were all born Jews— born of Jewish women, and educated, by them, under the Mosaic Law, and traditions then existing. John, the Baptist, and his disciples had a similar schooling. Jesus was over thirty, when he began a new departure, under influences, coming from far above all heavens ever known to the Jews, j^njd and from spheres into which David had not yet ascended. Tilton has borne strong testimony to the fact, that early imbibed theological ideas have a tremendous power of cohesion with the soul. Jesus and his disciples, like Ann Lee and her disciples, were converts to the missionary labors of the Christ-spirit, who came to introduce, to humanity, a New Order — the Resurrection. By the Law, was the knowledge of the sins of the flesh, in the marriage relation. It taught use, not indulgence, of the reproductive forces. Under that Law, Jesus and his disciples could attend weddings. In Christ, they ceased to marry, and to attend marriages. They neither bought nor sold private property. If they used war power, in the Temple, it was while under the inspiration of the God of the House, for the purpose of restoring that House to its normal condition, as a Jewish Temple. There was no Christianity about the Temple, nor any Christian service performed therein. The Christ spirits impressed Jesus that he had been transgressing. Calvin Green, a deeply-inspired man, claimed that Jesus, himself, put the sword into the hands of the Jews, by which they took his life. Is it not quite as simple to admit, that when Jesus and his disciples armed themselves with two swords, they anticipated spirit assistance, similar to what they received when clearing the Temple ? that the Christ-spirit withdrew from them? Hence the exclamation. ' My God, my God, why hast Thou forsaken me 1 ! ! ' This accords with the present light of the writer of this article, for which none other is responsible, accountable, or accusable.