JESUS CHRIST If there was ever a thorough non-sectarian, that individual was Jesus. Yet this same name has been misused by an almost innumerable body of sectarians, as the corner-stone of peculiar dogmas, each crying ' Lo, here is Christ!' and declaiming with as strong vehemence, and much unchristian grace, against all differing, yet neighboring persuasions. To be ' evangelical always, sectarian never,' is ' the blest tie that binds our hearts in Christian love.' Herein is the true life-line of conduct by which we may all be ' made fishers of men,' for their salvation. That the gospel of Christ ' is the power of God, unto an increasing salvation,' there is no room for doubting, in the minds of any truly consecrated Christian. Christ came upon the earth to lay down and leave a rule of life that would save men before they died; to relieve all from becoming ' dead in trespasses and sins.' This rule of life is not an arbitrary commandment to any, but a loving invitation to all, to live as Jesus lived. In the simplest and most affectionate 74: SHAKER terms does Jesus address all: 'If any one would be my disciple, let him live as I do ;' which, being continued or transposed, teaches us simply that if we do not live as Jesus lived, we cannot be his disciples — cannot be rewarded as hiu disciples are and will be. Nowhere do we find the good man, Jesus, enunciating anathemas because men chose not to follow in his footsteps. He sorrowed for them ; he prayed for them ; he died, and more, he lived for their conviction and conversion. But he never needed to send apostates to the punishments of endless torments, for he well knew that with their light becoming darkness they had hell enough already. He was ' lifted up,' a character purer, better, more lovely in every sense than aught on earth ; and by this elevation he ' would draw all .men unto ' the principles he loved and practiced. If we ever become like him, it will be by persuasion, conversion ; never by compulsion. Who can read a certain sentence in Christian at Work for October 29, under head of 'At the Confessional,' without the conviction that we have in it the boiling down of multitudes of arguments for Christ-—the whole rule of life for a Christian, printed in five lines t Remembering that any other sect might, with the same propriety, displace ' Episcopalians,' editor Talmage writes those words that can never die : 'Episcopalians are to learn * * * and not forget that those who are living the Christ life on earth, under whatever denominational banner, are all one Church — all one under their glorious Head!' Here we have the gospel in so simple and plain language that ' he who runs may read,' and none need be mistaken. To live the Christ life here on the earth is the resurrection most desirable ; because, by this rising up out of ourselves and donning the character of him who died daily unto sin, we have a perfect example, the results of which accrue to us the hundred fold of heavenly blessings, heaped up and running over with the life that is eternal today. If all should live the life of Christ, as did Jesus, would they not already be in possession of the eternal life promised ? And wherein did Jesus ever die, but unto a worldly life ? True, he was crucified, and passed beyond ; but that was not death to him. So, if we will live the Christ life, we shall never die, except unto the world, with all its affections and lusts. ' Evangelical always,' we shall want to live the Christ life, and then teach it. ' Sectarian never,' we shall care not by what name a brother or sister is called ; the only question we need ask is, Do you love and live the Christ life? G. A. Lomas, Watervliet, N. Y.