CINCINNATI CONVENTION This is a primary meeting of public men and women, to consult together upon a plan of reorganization of the Civil Government that shall do justice to all the members of the body politic—a plan that will carry out, more perfectly, the intentions and principles of Jefferson, Franklin, Paine, and their coadjutors. The Revolutionary Fathers were inspired and raised up to lay the foundation of a Civil Government that should eventually effect a complete separation of Church and State. God put it into their hearts to hate, without exception, all existing theologies. In our own time, Lincoln and his followers ; Horace H. Day, the famous India Rubber man ; Gerrit Smith ; G. H. Evass, the originator of the Land Reform movement, who wrote ' Vote Yourself a Farm,' and published papers and books to the end of his life, advocating the Inalienable Rights of Man and Woman, the Owens and their compeers, were also, by the same Spirit, inspired and raised up, to progress and perfect the Civil Government — this being the New Earth, even as the Spiritual— Shaker Order — is the New Heavens, whose founders were inspired and raised up simultaneously with the founders of the American Government. They were cotemporaries, and the two Orders have hitherto run parallel toward the final goal — a true Natural Order and a true Spiritual Order. The highest kind of inspiration is that which takes hold of the affections and understanding of the mediums, leading them to consecrate their lives, fortunes and sacred honors, to the cause of Humanity, as the purest worship of God. The monopolizing, fighting, marrying Christians, call these inspired souls—these Saints— in the Natural Order, Infidels; and in the Spiritual Order, Fanatics. An Infidel is a person false to profession. Not so were the skeptical Revolutionary Fathers, nor the equally skeptical Lincoln, who emancipated the slaves of this Free Republic. That whole class, the first of whom founded, and the last of whom are progressing the American Government, have made the term Infidel an honorable appellation, as the Shakers have redeemed the word Fanatic, by Successful Communism. Fanatic means excessive enthusiasm upon religious subjects, extravagant notions, strange motions and extraordinary vehemence in religious worship. Among Shakers, these have ultimated in practically shaking off many of the lusts of the flesh and mind that still infest Christendom. Our writers put anti before such Christians, and prove, from their history, that it is well put. Shall we Shakers condemn the Skeptics to an/i-Christianity for following our example ? From the standpoint of English Law, much progress has been made by the American Government. 1st. The Public Lands have been proclaimed the common inheritance of Humanity. The People have 'Voted themselves a Farm.' Any person, of any race or nation, may become an American, and have a home. 2d. Under the Homestead Law, any Citizen can protect a homestead against creditors. 3d. Imprisonment, for debt, is abolished in most of the States. 4th. Woman's Rights in property are secured in part. Her right, as citizen, is not fully secured. Man does the voting, makes and executes the laws — holding woman in barbaric thraldom. In the marriage relation, she has not control of her own person. And ' Land Limitation' is yet in the future. 5th. Chattel Slavery is abolished ; but War, the root of slavery, is not yet abrogated. 6th. Church and State are partially separated, and liberty of conscience exists, nominally. Theology is still recognized by law— Chaplains in Legislature, Army and Navy, and Bibles in Public Schools — Debts are not yet illegal—Paper Money exists; even a paper house might do good service, until you really need a house. 7th. Privateering on the High Seas, in time of war, is extinct. Spiritualism,as a force, by which alone the above-named ' plagues of Babylon'—Christendom— can be removed, is not yet officially recognized. In the Cincinnati Convention of original thinkers, individuals, with a mission, can fulfill their mission in a quiet, unostentatious manner. They attend, not as delegates ; they represent themselves only — a private assembly. What meeting could a Believer attend, with a probability of doing more good, in so short a time? The originators of the movement, finding more of their principles in practical operation in the Shaker Order, than elsewhere, ^lND 82 SHAKERE8S, 83 asked me to attend, and to nominate some fifteen or twenty others, in different States. How shall the Law go forth, from Zion, to the Natural Order, and the Word of the Lord from Jerusalem? Daniel legislated for the great Babylonian Empire. Why cannot God raise up Daniels—Prophets—in our day ? Are not all the Children of Zion Prophets ? The Testimony of Jesus is the Spirit of Prophecy.