FULL SALVATION That the soul is immortal need not be questioned. Soul has been defined, the spiritual, rational and immortal part of man and woman; Life, the vital principle. Then, according to reason, the rational part of our being cannot rest in a dormant state; it must be aspiring to elevation, or be degenerating. We possess dual powers, and capabilities — natural and spiritual. The tendency of the natural, unaided by the spiritual, is downward, toward the animal and sensual; and would lead back to Egyptian bondage, heathen mythology, and even lower than the brute creation. But God, in love and mercy, hath given us light, to discern the ' way of holiness, cast up for the ransomed of the Lord to walk in ;' and hath raised up Christ Jesus, to be our great Leader, in the male Order, and Mother Ann, our example and Leader in the female Order. Now, indeed, hath light come into the world ; and they, who no longer '' walk after the flesh,' to fulfill its desires, and reap its corruptions, are not bound in darkness ; but they live in the spirit, and dwell in the light of life. Those who have commenced to travel the highway of holiness, find, as they progress, that light shines clearer; and the power to lift fallen and erring humanity above the low plane of nature, increases. Thus we are able to put on Christ, by being baptized with the same spirit, and are no longer subject to the will of the carnal mind; we may be clothed with pure robes of righteousness, as were our Gospel parents, and like them, rise from day to day in newness of life, and feel that our souls are elevated above the sensuous, by being cleansed from all impurity. How can the heart be refined, except by culture — by destroying noxious, poisonous weeds, and nourishing the good and choice plants in the garden of the soul ? Impure thoughts are like ' little foxes that spoil the tender vines.' We should learn to take those little foxes — impure thoughts — before they take form in actual deeds. If we judge our own hearts, truly, we shall not be judged — condemned. By obedience to true principles, we shall be made free from earthly bonds and fetters, and be fitted to enter mansions of purity, prepared for the Saints of God, when called to lay aside the mortal part. Then will the immortal spirit rise triumphant over death and the grave, and progress onward and upward, in our eternal home. Watervliet, N. Y.