REPORT OF CINCINNATI CONVENTION Invitations had been sent to many persons, and about two hundred responded by signing the acceptance and receiving tickets of admission. Not all came, but it was really a treat to meet with those who did assemble from such divergent points and immense distances. To not a few of them it was a heavy tax upon their resources. Nearly all the States were represented. Upon assembling at the Hall, it was soon apparent that persons inimical to the objects of the Convention — human rights — were in our midst. They were agents of Political Parties who had signed no acceptance nor received tickets of admission. They had crept in unawares, bent upon mischief. In the evening a meeting was called at another place from which interlopers were excluded. There were both male and female members in the Conference. We had a satisfactory time. The primary ideas that I think will be embodied in a reorganized Civil Government, were stated, discussed and accepted as planks in the New Platform. Who are Citizens ? was the first point settled. Are they all men—all women — or are they all Human beings ? Having ascertained who are Citizens, the next question was, What inherent rights do they possess that should be inalienable? Air, Water, Land — All things needful to human existence, and to render that existence a blessing, was the conclusion arrived at. These are not property, and should not be bought and sold forever. What is property in the New Earth? came next in order. Property is the result of labor upon the natu ral elements. It is transferable from citizen to citizen forever. Agreement was reached that no Laws for the collection of debts should be enacted. All debts should be debts of honor, these being uniformly most collectible. Public debts will be voted public wrongs, to be duly repudiated, inasmuch as no existing generation has a right to enslave its successors by mortgaging their patrimony and resources. Let Private and Public pay as they go and owe no man any thing but Love and good will. This will be a means of rendering War impracticable, averting its waste, expense and demoralization. Thus would Slavery and Poverty soon become things of the past. Hygienic and physiologic reforms would correct the errors of generation, in the New Earth, and banish from the New Heavens sickness and disease, therein there should be no more pain. The second day of the external Convention was spent by those who took part in it, contending with the politicians who had come to capture them. Again, in the evening, we held another meeting of the Conference proper. It was a full meeting; highly interesting; addressed by different speakers — the writer occupying over an hour. There was a noble band of earnest souls in harmony and agreement with the views, ideas and principles presented. The conference lasted until near midnight, and the members parted with mutual gratulations. Seed was sown that will be fruitful in the future.