THE GOSPEL OF COMMON SENSE A philosopher has asserted that some people have six senses—adding to the five generally known — common sense. I am the happier for the realization of living in an age when so many may be truly complimented as having in possession this additional faculty, and for finding its influence so weighty, in deciding the correctness or folly of their theology. Ours is an age when people are too intelligent to be satisfied with a theological deduction, because somebody says it is so; and unless it be agreeable to science, to which theology is handmaiden, and unless it will bear the criticism of the gospel of common sense, it is soon rejected. The gospel of common sense looks upon Jesus as a lineal descendant of perfected Judaism— his mission, the time being ripe, being a progressive evolution into higher life. These admitted, the gospel of common sense questions the propriety of professional Christians adhering to certain practices of the Jews, neglecting almost entirely the superior principles of him whose name they assume. The Jews practiced marriage for reproduction only, this being regulated by law. They were permitted by the same good law to hold private property, except upon their occacasional sabbaths, for forty-nine years, when they most begin over again, their landed possessions reverting to the original owners. War, and retaliation, equal to an injury done, were among their other privileges. The prominent advances of Christianity were made upon these principles, which were righteous, in Judaism. Instead of marriage and its consequences, Jesus lived and taught celibacy; and the gospel of common sense asks, how many Christian followers has he in this ? Instead of the righteous reproductions of Judaism, Jesus invites to ' sow to the spirit,' and, with him, join the children of resurrection, who have risen out of the generative sphere into practices quite superior. Jesus taught and practiced community of goods—common property— and the gospel of common sense is surprised that Christians in name are not more generally practical in this respect; but that they rather imitate the Jews, and poorly at that, by miserable families and private property, having no sabbaths upon which to feed the poor, free their slaves, rest their land, forgive their debtors ; but abolishing all these, claim as a right, the possession of the land and debtors as mine forever ! At all of this retrogression, the gospel of common sense is greatly astonished! Jesus taught non-resistance—peace, love and good will to all, friends and enemies. He was particularly impressive in the prayer he taught, and the sermon on Mount Beatitudes, that his followers should exceed the Jews, by forgiveness of their enemies. Now, the gospel of common sense is astounded, that professedly Christian soldiers torture and kill, not only their enemies, but friends, who have never wronged them, nor given offense ! It objects to Christian soldiers carrying guns, bayonets and swords, with which to forgive their enemies. It objects to the impropriety of so-called Christian governments placing the Lord's Prayer and sermon on the mount in the knapsacks, while they refuse their enemies forgiveness until after they have killed them! There are many other things the gospel of common sense would say to professedly Christian people, could they bear them. But I hope these allusions will cause a halt for reflection upon and comparison between the Christian professions of today, the Christian practices of Pentecostal times, and the adherents of all faithful followers of Jesus, practicing the gospel of common SENSE.