Berlin, N. J., August 18, 1875 Dear Friend Evans : A great deal is being said and done in preparation for the Centennial Exhibition to be held, next year, in Philadelphia. Probably a great deal of improvement, in the Arts and Sciences, in the last century, will be shown. But how much advancement, in honesty, justice and practical righteousness, is another question. As the war of the Revolution, which resulted in our separation from the mother country, was a protest against taxation without representation, how can we celebrate the event without blushing, while half our population are as much slaves to the other half, as were the Colonies to the mother country ? I do not believe in voting. If humanity ever attain to a higher state of society, we will have a different—a better government, in which there will be neither vote, sword, nor gun. So long as our Government is founded on the vote, it seems a mockery to celebrate what we call Independence, while the Feminine Half of our population are classed with idiots and imbeciles. How can we hold a celebration, without shame, while our Government is robbing the Red Men of their lands, and hunting them like wild beasts ? The leaders of the Centennial movement want to have the Indians represented there. Will they not blush when foreigners ask, what has become of the millions of Indians who once owned and inhabited this fair land, and inquire how the scattered remnants of that race are now situated, and how treated by our Government ? On the subject of peace: A whole century of boasted improvement, and our nation in debt more than two- thousand millions, for a war among ourselves; with an army and navy, costing from sixty to a hundred millions per annum, in time of peace — except a chronic war with the remnants of ruined red men! If the leaders of the Centennial movement want honor, let them assemble, as did the Revolutionary Fathers, in Independence Hall, and issue a new Proclamation. Let them proclaim that Women of the United States are entitled to all the Rights and Privileges of Citizens; let them declare that henceforth the Indian Race shall be treated as Brothers and Sisters—not as wild beasts ; and let them Proclaim, as with the Trump of Gabriel, to all the World and the rest of mankind, that This Nation shall never engage in War — that swords shall be beaten into plowshares, and spears into pruning hooks—and that the people shall learn war no more. If they will send forth a Proclamation like this, in the true and living spirit of him who, eighteen hundred years ago, on a certain mount, preached Truth, Justice and Peace, then may they hold a Centennial, in which all good Men and Angels can rejoice. A Centennial, any thing short of such Proclamation, should end in shame and disgrace. A Friend to all, J. Hacker