DR. MILLER'S LETTER Dear Father Evans : I have just returned from an eleven days' visit at the Eddys'. I attended about thirty seances. William went into a new cabinet, placed on the other side of the platform, and on the opposite side of the chimney from the old one. His manifestations were just as good. Saw ten different spirits come out the first night from the new cabinet, one about three feet high and one six feet four inches ; all had different costumes on. This settles the question as to confederates. One night he gave me permission to examine his person before he left the platform, which I did thoroughly, even to boots, socks, shirt, wallet and tobacco pouch. That settles the question of his personating these parties by means of masks and wardrobes. Mrs. Huntoon, a sister of the Eddys, is the best test medium I ever saw. I attended ten of her seances. She shows two and three different spirit forms while she is sitting where the spectators can see her. Your own personal friends, whom you recognize, come to you through her. I shook hands with four spirits in one night. I saw six spirits of my friends in one evening. My own brother showed himself to me, I think fifty times, while I was there, and several times in full form. One night he came out and turned himself around twice for me to view him. The spirits will tune a violin and play tunes at your request, sing songs in chorus of three or four voices, and will talk in audible voices, while the medium is in plain sight of the audience. If she had a cabinet arranged, she could show forty or fifty or more at once, she thinks. We saw as many as four at a time. It is simply momentary, what is seen at this medium's seances. I believe we shall soon get such control of these spirits, that they will do any thing we want them to do. This medium is the one who performed most of the remarkable tests described in Olcott's book as occurring through the brothers ; yet Olcott did not mention her name in the book. Her brothers, they say, are jealous of her, and prevent people from going to her seances. If that is so, they will find they are making a grand mistake, for the public will soon leave them and go to her. There is a good time coming. It won't be long. For spirit voices are sounding here ; Prepare to greet them, the millenium is near. E. P. Miller, Bath Hotel, 39 and 41 W. 26th st., New York