INFLUENCE ' When God sends forth a thunder, let the world beware.'— Emerson. Advanced minds — pioneers in the work of progression,— have been sent forth in all the ages past, whose thoughts were lifted above the narrow limits of self-pleasing; whose perceptions were quickened, and intensified by inspiration; and they have electrified and aroused the dormant energies of the slumberer, given vivacity to the timid, and new strength and courage to the progressive and aspiring. All persons exert an influence of some kind in society, varying in character and degree. What that is or shall be, depends upon the moral status and spiritual development of individuals. The legitimate use of the elements of nature, either of mind or matter, tends to harmonious action, and results in good; but if perverted, great blessings become great evils, in proportion to their misuse. For example, steam ptnoer, great as is its utility in civilized life when properly directed, if uncontrolled by intelligence and a knowledge of its nature, is a destructive power. So with human intelligence, if not governed by moral principles, it is a fearful power in society. We are all affected, more or less, by external surroundings, and equally so are we acted upon by the mind and spirit of those with whom we associate. One person, with discordant feelings and an antagonistic spirit, might engender strife and contention without uttering a word, while a calm, well-balanced, harmonious mind, though silent, would cast a tranquil influence, and the still, soft whisper could be heard — 'Peace, be.still.' What sensitive mind has not imbibed the unspoken thoughts of others, and been impressed by those with whom their spirits were in unison, even when they were hundreds of miles distant ? It is difficult to estimate how great in extent may be the effect of a word spoken or a thought unexpressed, for thought precedes action, and the whole character is formed of individual action. Therefore, we are not only responsible for words which we utter, and deeds that we perform, but also for the cherished secret thoughts — the in most breathings of our souls — from which are exhalations either pure or impure. It is said that the air is malarious where the upas grows. Webster says it is a fabulous report, that the atmosphere surrounding the upas is deleterious. However that may be, we would prefer the aroma of the rose and lily, emblems of love and purity, whose secretions are not poisonous like the upas. If we seek the companionship of the wise and pure, and strive to the best of our ability to help create healthful conditions, by watching and prayer, and repel every evil influence, and place ourselves as humble recipients of all that is good and true — live to our highest conviction of right, without fear or favor — then we shall be as trees of righteousness in the garden of the Lord. The following is a good illustration, given by one of our spirit guides: ' As blades of grass before a strong wind all bend in one direction, the weak in spirit bow before the force of public opinion, while they who are properly developed, and by use have strengthened the innate powers of their souls, are the marble pillars which stand erect, firm and unmoved when the wind and storm beat upon them; having a solid basis to rest upon, they tower toward heaven. Whether large or small, plain or ornamented, they are the same in quality — possess the same properties — and in the sunlight of truth show forth the same glittering beauty. ' In every department of life the strong should bear the infirmities of the weak, and not ' break the bruised reed.' Those who possess a high degree of vitality, and are capable of imparting strength to those who are weaker than themselves, they should give freely, and look to the angel world to have their strength renewed, till all their aspirations tending Godward may culminate in a perfect life.' I would not ask that the diversity of human character be abolished, but that all that is worthy should be improved, adjusted, reduced to order, and be brought into proper action and harmonious relation. Our earthly home should be like a primary school, to prepare our minds for higher spheres — a heavenly home. Our prayer is, Let thy will, 0 God, be done in thy kingdom which has come! If we labor to this end He will bless our efforts, and answer our prayers. Emeline Broadway, IT. Village, 0.