DUALITY Highly Esteemed Editress : I feel impressed to write my faith in the duality of Deity. As the positive and negative principles run through all the works of the universe, representing male and female elements, I am forced to the conclusion that God, the first Great Cause of mind and matter, must be dual — Father and Mother — the creative and bearing principles, the soul of all things, from whom proceeds life in all worlds. That we are created in their image and likeness, I have no doubt; and that all good things, temporal as well as spiritual, were produced, directly or i/idirectly, by them, as blessings and gifts to be used for the well-being and happiness of mankind, I firmly believe. The orderly arrangement in the mineral, vegetable and animal kingdoms, never were conceived and brought forth, except by the harmonious action of the Allwise Father and loving Mother, whose dwelling is in the high heavens, but whose watchful care and kindness extend to all the works of their hands. To them all honor is due whence genius, talent, art and science are derived. Through the mediatorial agency of Jesus the anointed and first born Son in the Christian era, and Ann Lee, who was also anointed to be the first born of many daughters, we have received a revelation of the duality of Deity— our Eternal Parents. By being baptized with the Holy Spirit, as they were, and walking in their footsteps, we also may become rightful heirs in the kingdom of peace and (in our degree) saviours to other souls. Only by obedience to truth can we possess this heritage with the chosen heirs of light in the completed order of male and female., whether we are led through the deep waters of affliction, or through fires of persecution, if our faith is in God, and our confidence in our spiritual guides, we shall be enabled to overcome seemingly insurmountable obstacles which may appear in the way ; and should we be left to cry in bitterness of spirit as was Jesus,' My God, why hast thou forsaken me ? ' we shall be sustained as he was, and finally find peace and rest to our souls. There is no rest like that which comes from G-od — our Eternal Parents. Saloma Davis, South Union, Ky.