Progression [part 2 of 6] A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS Charlotte: O, what were life, if Progression's hand Was riveted 'neath the bigot's command, Or made by the scorn of the stolid to stand Bereft of its noble possession ? The creeds and the dogmas that death contain Would still in their canting bondage remain, While the altars of old, where the faithful were slain, Would sink 'neath their weight of oppression. The pathway of virtue by martyrs once trod — The hearts in the conquest of self unto God — The truths that for victory our feet have well shod, Would still be unknown and unsought. The visions of hope from futurity's clime — The song and the anthem pure and sublime — The fiowings of mind In a musical chime Could not with our labors be fraught. The wisdom of life with Its interests and arts Would share with religion the same bitter part, While the toil of the student could never impart The weight of his realized aims. The glory of man, through the culture of thought, Would back to the past and its errors be brought, While the growth of to-day, with sorrow outwrought, Would yield to the priesthood its claims. Let the sons of the finances open their eyes, And the daughters of pride from their vanity rise, E'er the nation to error and ignorance hies, And earth of her freedom's bereft. For over the nation is brooding a power — Of priestly convention — a black plotting power That would rob from Columbia her God-given dower. Thus from Him the nation be cleft. Ann: Oppression's rule in church and state Must bow to nobler claims, Stern Bigotry and cruel Hate Be as forgotten names. In civil and in social life Shall justice yet be done, For man will aid the lawful strife That woman has begun. Her power for good shall find a place Where legislatures meet, And strength, with purity and grace, With wisdom be replete. Then monstrous frauds and crushing wrong From courts of law shall flee, And earth and heaven will sing the song Of priceless liberty. But it is ours here to begin This mighty toil at home, That to the standard against sin True noble hearts may come. For us are good foundations laid, For us the streams are cleared, By efforts which our Parents made The work of God is reared. Elvah: Those dear old saints could tell us, who've reached the shining shore, How, early consecrated, they plied the pilot's oar. Their hairs were white with honor, their aged forms were blest By rising generations e'er they had turned to rest. I heard our blessed father, good Elder Richard, tell Of days when cross and hardship most thickly round him fell. I think 'twould swell a volume could some historian pen The pages of his earth-life with pictures now and then. And some, here present with us, have oft conversed with those Who suffered with our Mother, who has long enjoyed repose. They hold full many incidents of penury and pain, Related by these first-born, whose impress will re main Long after we have passed away and their acquaintance made, Long after death has borne us where the wicked ne'er invade. And now it but remains for us to toil with just such zeal, To add unto their honest wealth and live for others' weal. We can but bless their labors here, for we can never know The many inconveniences they had to undergo. Margaret: Our home is graced with beauty, rare, • With trees, and plants, and flowers, And all that tends to ornament In nature's lovely bowers. Undreamed of new inventions Unto our hands have come, To till and cultivate the fields That lie around our home. It is the promised dwelling-place — The heaven begun below — Sustained by daily action, Whence wealth of blessings flow. It is not sordid greed or gain That makes our home so dear, But the consecrated labor Of kindred true and near.