EXPERIENCE Every person has an experience in life, which, to the individual, is somewhat eventful and important; but might not be interesting, or of much moment, to others. I would not wish to obtrude my individual experience upon the public; but have often felt, that could my friends in the outside Order, who knew some of my struggles in life to satisfy the demands of my conscience, and obtain peace of mind, also know that I have found a haven of rest, where the turbid waters caused by a sinful life, have in a large measure ceased to roll, it would give me great satisfaction. One of the Apostles of Jesus stated that ' the fashion of this world passeth away.' The fashions of the world at the present time may be classed under different heads; but they spring from one root. Pride of wealth, and caste, which finds expression in fashionable dress, is one form. Marriage is the ruling fashion among all-classes, high and low—a fashion that does not readily pass away, except by estrangement, or divorce, which oftentimes occurs for the sake of taking on conditions still more obnoxious. Now, in the nineteenth century, church-going and religious profession have become popular and fashionable ; but, practically, a nominal professor of religion has no more influence, as salt in the earth, to preserve souls and save from the lusts of the flesh and mind, than a Jew or Mahometan. I followed those fashions, and sought pleasure therein; but found disappointment and remorse. In early life, I, like many others, had an affectionate mother, who felt great anxiety for my spiritual welfare; and her intercessions in my behalf were strong and fervent. At times, I caught glimpses of the higher Christian life and character, and felt that Wisdom's ways must be peaceful and pleasant. Again, I felt that a worldly life would be more congenial to my feelings. I turned to fashion, and sought happiness in the marriage relation; but found I had sold myself into bondage, and my conscience accused me before God, day and night. I united with the Congregational Church— was very strict to attend meetings — and reached forth in vain to the professed ministers of the Gospel, for the bread of life; I felt that my soul was famishing for the want of it. I heard of Miller, who preached the Second Advent doctrine. I eagerly caught the idea and believed it possible. New hope sprang up in my heart. I felt that the Spirit was calling me to a more spiritual life, and, by the Second Advent of the Messiah, I hoped to attain it; and I strove sincerely to prepare myself for the event. It is needless to say that I, with many others who sought relief, was disappointed in my expectations. Some went to their farms, others to their merchandise — divided in opinion — troubled in mind. I was deeply impressed that it was my duty to come out from the world, and be separated from its sinful practices. Many beside myself, truth-lovers and truth-seekers, at that time, became weary of wrestling against spiritual principalities in the churches, and the power of evil in their own hearts, which continuously strove for the mastery, and to bring them into servitude to sinful passions. As there was no living testimony in the popular churches against the doleful works of darkness, I resolved, with about sixty other persons, who were like-minded, to leave the church, believing we could find more protecting power, and enjoy greater liberty of conscience, to be disconnected from it. My spiritual vision was opened, and I saw that, like Jesus and his Apostles, I must 'forsake all for the kingdom of heaven's sake — take up the cross and despise the shame.' I felt remorse of conscience, and my spirit was wounded; but the giving up of all for the Gospel — forsaking natural ties and relations, for the spiritual, seemed a hard requirement, and I knew not how to find strength to do it. I looked upon my husband and children, whom I loved tenderly, and felt a struggle. About that time I heard of the Shakers ; I visited them, and found them a self-denying, spiritual minded people — able to minister strength and comfort to my weary spirit; and I resolved to become like them. I had a large circle of friends, who were unwilling to part with me; trial and persecution awaited me. I realized my duty to my family, and desired to fulfill it. All I asked was permission to live according to the dictates of my conscience, for I had resolved to live a pure, virgin life. My husband made fair promises, but did not keep them. Finding that I could not enjoy freedom in that capacity, I resolved to break every earthly band that bound me, and no longer be a slave, morally speaking. I begged for my children to take with me to my new home and friends, unto whom I had resolved to flee for protection from the usages of society at large, which deprive a woman, in the marriage relation of the right to her own person. I have never ceased to be grateful for my liberation from the bondage of that relation, and that I have found a home, where the bread of life may be obtained, and spiritual waters flow freely to all who seek. And I heartily join in the invitation of the Spirit, through the Prophet Isa, ' Ho, every one that thirsteth; come, buy wine and milk, without money or price.' Eliza Dains, Hancock, Mass.