OSKINAWA; OR TEST OF TRUE MANHOOD AMONG THE NORTH AMERICAN INDIANS When a young man of the tribe arrives at manhood, his father speaks to him, on a day when they are alone together in the wigwam, after the following manner : ' My son, the time has come when you must lay aside your childish toys, together with the thoughts and manners of your childhood and become a man — a man in thought, and a man in feelings and in actions. You must mingle with the elders in council and listen to the words of wisdom spoken by the Ahkewainze (wise men) of the tribe. ' Bring all your childish playthings — your bows and arrows with which you amused yourself—and cast them into the fire of the wigwam as an offering to the Great Spirit. Then follow me to the forest. I will build you a wahkiegun (house of fasting) in which you must fast many days before the Great Spirit, with your face bowed to the earth. Your face will be painted black, as a token of your childish darkness and ignorance. A cup of water will be placed before you, which will be your only refreshment during your many days of fast. If you persevere, my son, the Great Spirit will surely look down upon you from the windows of his house in the sky, and you must listen to his voice. Do not reject the words of the Great Spirit! Open your ears to them! As the little birds in their nests lift up their heads and open their mouths to receive food from the parent bird, so do you, my son, open your ears to receive the words of the Great Spirit. He will teach you to be wise in speech, when you take your seat in the assembly of the elders. He will give you wisdom, so that even the ancient men of the tribe will bow their heads before you. He will also give you wisdom in hunting the wild beasts of the forest. He will show you the beast of prey that is to be your totame (family name, or badge), of which you will be a mighty hunter before Kejea Manito — the Great Spirit.' The son does as his father commands him. He follows him to the forest. His father constructs a wigwam for fasting. He places in it a cup of water, paints the face of his son black, lays him on his face on the floor of the wigwam, and leaves him to the direction of the Great Spirit. The son remains in this attitude fasting for many days, praying to the Great Spirit for wisdom and strength to endure to the end of his fast. Many days pass over — some have said they have fasted eight or nine days before the Great Spirit spoke to. them from his window toward the south. He tells him wherein he shall excel, gives him words of wisdom to speak by the council fire of the chiefs and elders, reveals to him his totame, and speaks to him words of strength and courage. The young man arises, returns to his father's wigwam, washes the black paint from his face, and paints it white — an emblem of purity and truth. His mother sets meat before him. He eats and refreshes himself from the effects of his fast. He then arises, goes into the forrest and cuts for himself a bow and arrows from a tree to which he has been directed, during his fast, by the Great Spirit. He returns to the wigwam, arms himself with his bow and quiver of arrows, and with his father's blessing, starts off in pursuit of the animal which has been shown him by the Great Spirit. He travels until he has found it. He may have trackless miles of wilderness to pass over, and cross broad rivers and streams, and climb steep precipices, and dig through tangled thickets — still he must not flinch. He must pursue his way until he has found and captured the animal that has been shown him in his dreams. He discovers it — his arrow does not miss — it is the gift of the SHA.KER Great Spirit; lie takes it on his back and bears it — a part or whole — to his father's wigwam. A feast is prepared, the old men of the tribe are called in, the victor's song is sung, and they worship in the dance before the Great Spirit. Prom that day he is no longer a boy, with childish thoughts and actions, but calm and sedate, with firm and steadfast step, he walks erect, with his face upward, for he has spoken and conversed with the Great Spirit. He forsakes all his former vain and frivolous companions, and mingles with the wise men of the tribe. He listens to their words of wisdom, treasures them in his heart and shapes his course by them, and so becomes a useful man in his tribe, and after death crosses the spirit prairie and the great river in safety, and finds repose in the Land of Souls. Granville T. Sproat, Canaan, N. Y.