HEALTH AND DISEASE There is no one thing that causes so much pain, poverty and distress as bad living and bad doctoring. Learned philanthropists are now consenting that health reform is the basis of all other reforms. We must insist that physicians should begin to preserve health rather than drug to restore it. It is strange that so many have an idea that they can do the latter, but not the former. They can make one well, but cannot keep one so, reversing the common sense maxim that ' an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.' Strange, that the skill which puts the body in order might not prevent the disorder. Is it not easier to keep the road, than to find it after losing it? Is it wise to let our children contract vices, that we may use our skill to return them to their lost virtues ? Is it not easier to keep ten men sober than to reform one drunkard ? So must it be as to health. Far easier and far safer for doctors to study, to practice, to teach hygiene— to have all their patrons live in accordance with the laws of health — than to dose them into health when sick ? Why not do as one of the kings of China — give the physician a certain sum for every day the family were kept in good health, but nothing for the days this inestimable blessing was lost ? Under such an engagement the physician should have control of the diet and other sanitary regulations, which would be far easier, happier and less expensive than his too often vain effort to kill disease with poisonous drugs. Besides, let it be well understood and never forgotten, that disease is the remedial effort of nature to right a wrong; the noble defense against a vile attack; the courageous, loyal rally to dislodge a dangerous foe. For instance, put snuff in the nose, which will be the foe, and the sneeze which follows to expel it is the disease ; put the same weed in the mouth, and the saliva flows to wash it out, and, if held in the mouth for the first time, nausea and vomiting are reinforcements to expel the enemy. Swallow indigestible food upon a weak stomach, and the disease of throwing it back comes as a relief. These instances, be assured, soundly illustrate the friendly action of our system against our injuries. The cause of the disease is a foe to be removed — the disease itself, a friend, never to be fought, but always favored. Happily, however, with ordinary caution, a man becomes his own physician. He has but to keep a careful watch over his desires, and restrain the promptings of passions always struggling to be free from the fetters imposed by common sense; to keep the system in a healthy condition, and conform to the hygienic laws which mark the boundaries of health and disease, and he has a certain immunity from pain and suffering.