POTENCY OF LOVE Perhaps there is no word in the English language more frequently used, or more loosely applied to persons and things, than Love. Abstractly, and scripturally speaking, ' God is Love ' ; and whatever emanates from, and leads to God, is Love. As there is a natural, and a spiritual world, so there are natural affections and loves pertaining to the material and natural, and also superior loves and affections, which belong to and are placed upon, the spiritual and heavenly. Leaving the perverted, impulsive and passional, that often pass under the false guise of love, we allow there are two distinct definitions of the word Love — Natural and Spiritual. The natural, which is first, if not distorted by wrong uses, is good in its place— a product of the great First Cause. The Spiritual, refined from earth's alloy — the highest and purest — is the only love that is imperishable; it is an eternal principle that can never fail. A human soul, devoid of love, is the most miserable, and the most unenviable of all known objects. We were created to love, and the heart is cold and sterile without it; we cannot be happy without the disposition and opportunity to impart and receive love — it is a priceless boon. It has been said, that ' Religion is the cement of society ;' and we say ' There can be no true religion without love.' A community cannot long exist, unless based upon the principle of love to God, and to humanity. All 88 8HAKEE SHA.KEREBS. the emanations of God's Spirit are unalloyed Love. No mortal being hath ever yet fathomed the depth of unselfish love, or tested its power; but, so far as our capacity extends, we have been made happy by contributing, and being the recipients of love. If a companion onthe journey of life becomes careworn and weary, and falls by the wayside, or strays from the path of duty, what is so potent to win him or her back to rectitude, and inspire with courage, confidence and hope, as a ministration of true Christian love ? Should the chastening rod fall upon the wayward, and their sinful actions meet with reproof, charity and mercy will mark the whole. Would it not be well for all who profess the Christian name, to consider how much we are actuated and controlled by the spirit of love in our intercourse with others ? Are we willing to lift up the lowly, and hold in our embrace the weak and erring, and help them to become strong in the true and good ? Are we untiring in our efforts, to reach and warm the hearts of inexperienced youth by the power of love, and thus give them an assurance of enduring friendship ? It is Christ-like to bind up the brokenhearted—comfort the mourner—to give bread to the hungry, and drink to the thirsty. That is practical love. And Jesus said, 'Inasmuch as ye have done it unto the least of these, ye have done it unto me.' Mary Ann Cummings, Enfield, N. H.