SHAKERESS On the first of September, the junior Order of Believers at Mt. Lebanon held their annual social gathering in a beautiful pine grove in Canaan. It was a lovely day, replete with social, intellectual and soul enjoyment. We present to the readers of our periodical an interlocutory discourse in verse, written for the occasion by Cecelia Devyr, Ann Offord, Martha J. Anderson, Charlotte Byrdsall, Melissa Soule, Margaret Cleveland, Catharine Allen, and Elvah Collins, and read from memory. We hope it will be accepted. On account of its length, we shall be under the necessity of dividing it between the November and December numbers of the Shakeress : Progression A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS Cecelia : I have a word which I would like to speak; But now I fear my accents may grow weak, And that you all may not distinctly hear ; However, I will try to make them clear. I once in vision sought this hallowed land, And here I found a happy sister band ; They held communion, serious, glad and free, But every sentence was in poetry. I really think they felt just like the Spring, When she has hid beneath her dewy wing A wondrous gift of perfume, buds and flowers, Which she assumes to scatter wide in showers. Their names are — Martha:—but I wont recall, If we find her I know we'll find them all; They gather round her like a flock of doves ; And she in turn each one with fervor loves. They are the daughters of a noble race ; Perhaps their record you would like to trace; But here they are, the mystic number seven : — Come, sisters, come and speak of earth and heaven. Martha : The subject in its vastness truly awes, And yet its contemplation gives delight, We see the workings of Progression's laws, And hear the voice that said ' Let there be light.' The fine and subtile laws of Alchemy A secret power of transmutation hold, Touch with refining sensibility, And bring to light each hidden grain of gold. Thus, from earth's basis to ethereal spheres, In pure atomic substance wisely planned, More sublimated each degree appears, That forms successive kingdoms, high and grand. Life's occult forces work with magic skill, To build anew, 'till earth and heaven shall blend, Eternal laws of progress to fulfill, In chain of being that shall never end. Mark the material forms that round us rise ! They reach their zenith, yield to blight and death; But spirit hath a growth that never dies! 'Tis life of all that lives, and ceaseless breath ; 'Tis spiritual force that guides the suns And worlds that fill immensity of space ! Electric fluid through each atom runs, That evolution gives a form and place. Man — crowning point of the created whole — The impress of his Maker's image wears ; This microcoism — body, spirit, soul — Resemblance to creation fully bears, Each special phase of being, here combined. The soul and sentiment of every thing, Is germinal — within the immortal mind — That yet shall blossom in eternal spring. By wisdom placed within this rudirnental sphere, To give his noble powers unfoldment free, His childhood state brings teachers, year by year, Who spread for him the chart of destiny; He reads and thinks, he learns and understands, Aspires still further with a yearning hope, And lo ! his God-like soul expands, And ever fruitful fields before him ope. 'Tis life progressive, ever on and on, A glorious resurrection day by day ; 'Tis step by step, and starry summits won, That mark our ever upward, onward way. Melissa: Ann has a thought — I read it in her eyes, For when I smile she looks so grave and wise — So, I insist, that she shall spread it out, And let us know just what it is about. Ann: My thoughts have turned with sympathy To Mother and her band ; I see them in their humble home In old Oppression's land. They had to keep a light within, Though all around was dark, To war with each Egyptian sin, To build and bear the Ark. They had their own strong human hearts To conquer and subdue, They had to find the way of life And prove the Gospel true. Although their numbers were but few, Their faith in God was strong, That He could carry on his work And lead their souls along. Though in a land where church and state Had ever been combined. Nor freedom to the liberalists As yet had been assigned, Still, on the God of truth they felt Their hearts could trusting lean ; This gave them courage to endure Each dark and adverse scene. Melissa : Yea, they were faithful to the power That will redemption work, They had no dread of clouds that lower, Or foes that hidden lurk. 'Tis thus, dispelling doubts and fears Progression finds her way, And pauses not mid wreck of years To count her glorious sway. But on, still on, new pathways ope Through meads and trackless wilds, Her magic touch inspires new hope, The earth with blessing smiles. She waves her sceptre — Science yields To the electric flow ; Knowledge o'erspreads the nations' fields, And they its glory know. Old superstitions fade away, Like wreaths of mist at eve, No more need dark'ning sophistry The human mind deceive. Like clouds of death before the sun, Fell ignorance takes her flight. For education's beams have won Their way through error's night. In vain has persecution sought To chain, with iron hand, The power that has so dearly bought The claims of freedom's land. It presses through the tide of thought, And stems the current wrong; Untold achievements it has wrought Where tyranny was strong. Elvah: In speaking of progression up through the ages past, Can we not some reflection upon home record cast? The trees, the rocks, the houses and all have passed through change, And in their latest beauty most happily we range. Margaret : Broad the field of thought and action, We must labor there to find Buried stores of useful knowledge, That would elevate the mind. O, I feel my soul is lifted By the work that is for me, From the trivial and the selfish [ would set my spirit free. If life's labors seem defeated — No success their efforts crown — Was it not the same with ancients ? Bear they not this story down ? Rising, falling — falling, rising — Marks the journey here below; But the end will be triumphant, And the vict'ry we will know. Charlotte : Stern repetition's stamped on history's page, Truth hidden but to brighter, brighter glow; Each generation finds anew the thorny age, And learns that life, in its mysterious flow, Gives strength unto the lowly and the sage. The scorn of world that hath but little charity, The desolations of the soul's retreat, The voice that cries, From sin I am not free, And hearts that tyranny of home must meet — Foreshadow dimly of eternal liberty. But, still expanding, there is joy and hope, And knowledge often doth unfold lur leaves, While science and religion ever to us ope The higher lesson that each one receives, E'er left in error's wilds to lonely grope. Thus, on and on, as poets oft have told, Progression has a place in every age; Her glories in the past and present hold Their rightful claims upon time's busy Stage, With strength unwavering that cannot grow old. And, from experience past, our spirits learn That self-denial is the only guide, And they, who fraily from this safeguard turn, Are like the wanderers with no place to hide, No welcome port where friendly beacons burn; For faith, that 'mid the tide and storm is strong, Is like the life-boat on the ocean cast That buoys and bears the traveller along, Unto a home that evermore will last, Where swells the chorus of the victor's song. Catharine : Over history's leaves we have backward glanced, And learned of primitive time, Hommaterial things through growth advanced, Till touched by the soul divine. How the pulse of Almighty Deity Hath throbbed through the glorious plan, And wrought, from chaotic elements, A home and a sphere for man We see how truth hath onward marched Through the elemental wars, 'Neath the dark sky of oppression arched, And through dungeons' heavy bars; How the prophets' hearts have been inspired To teach the higher law, And how their raptured souls were fired With the glory they foresaw. We see the witnesses of God All linked in a golden chain, We know the victor's path they trod Was paved through immortal gain. We know that the unseen arm of might Still bringeth the victory, And bears the promise, 'There shall be light,' Till the earth is glad and free. Margaret : 'Tis cheering to watch the waves of truth As they onward, onward roll, And feel that ever their strength will bring A victory unto the soul. We know that the ocean is broad and deep, And many are sailing thereon, Yet who of the many their course will keep, Till the journey of life is done? The changes and changes we undergo Have hidden, within their life, A glory and beauty not always known, A power that caimeth the strife. Through trial and blessing, through sorrow and pain, We learn of progression here, The greater the conquest, the nobler the gain, And brighter our efforts appear. Yet still doth the cry from the suffering arise; O, when will the struggle be o'er? For earth will be wrecked in the vapors of death, Till her people shall sin no more. Lo, voices come floating from regions away, Not always is sorrow with time, For forces are massing the earth to redeem By the light of the spiritual clime. Martha: This glorious light has dimly shone Through depths of human wrong, And souls have toiled through faith alone To bear the right along. Through hope and fear, like struggling breath, Good seeds have pressed their way, And life has triumphed over death. When forms have passed away. And souls progressed in every clime War for truth have waged, While prophecy of future time Gave light from age to age, Which showed that human hearts would rise Above base passion's sway, And lust of power fall sacrifice To the advancing day. A day when new and living thoughts From mind to mind would flow, While noble deeds, through them outwrought, Would aid life's toils below. And on the annals of the past We see this truth impressed. That nothing can defeat the law By which the race is blest. Meltssa : While to the natural world of mind Progression's truths unfold, The ideal with the real combined Her regal forces hold. How is it with the human heart, Makes she an impress there? Does she those hopes and joys impart Which come through faith and prayer ? For fiery streams of lust have swept The earth with dead'ning blast, While germs of good are latent kept By dregs of sin o'ercast, And life a mockery is made To shade discord and woe, To hide the heavy curse that's laid Upon the earth below. And must this be ? Is there no gift To reach the soul of man? Will nothing from him ever lift This dark corroding ban ? Yea, free the world of lust and hate, Those ruling demon twins, And, in each home and heart, create The love that virtue wins. We need reform in social life . To stay the plague of sin, A deep, a thorough, holy strife From living faith within; Till, in the place of crime and vice, The love of God shall reign; Then earth will bloom a paradise, Redeemed from blight and pain. Cecelia : Melissa, you would have Reform, Not tumults by that name, Not errors broken by the storm, Reversed, but still the same. Margaret: O, who can solve the problem Of life so grand and strange, Or who can see the power That guides the law of change? Our life flows out and then returns Unto the fountain's source, And still the question is, O, where Lies hid its motor force,? Ann: That is the question of the Past, His shriveled lips repeat it o'er, 'Tis heard upon the flying blast, And in the waves that beat the shore ; The Present asks it in her pride, And cannot brook the least delay, Yet its solution doth abide Within the Future's perfect day; For as we gain the power of good, The power of God our minds can trace; And mystery no more shall brood, When sin is conquered by the race. Cecelia: Now, Elvah,'does that meet your mind? In metaphysics does there lie A better system than you find In that concise reply? 86 SHAKEE Elvah: Nay, there does not. But when We think the spirit-land a mystery, And ponder o'er the problem unexplained, So, might we view the nightly stellar sky, Or deem the humblest soil on which we tread, For all is strange! We oft repeat the hope, We all shall comprehend these hidden things, When, like the rising perfume of the flowers, Our souls ascend to blend with spirits there, In that grand world, the theme for which we live; And, grander thought, the goal of progress here. To think is but the imagery of life; To Know, the living motor of the heart; But gather e'en the knowledge of the great, And we are humbler than the smallest thing. Catharine: God is Spirit; E'en the granite rocks declare that He is life. On each feature of His glorious Universe Indelibly is stamped the great eternal law. Which works redemptive change to every atom. 'Tis action, The unseen force that harmoniously controls The grand revealments of existence, That, with nature's funeral anthems of decay, Blends gladsome songs of new-born forms of life; And, in one vast extended chain, Links evolving strata of this mundane sphere With sublimated particles; And these, with finer, more interior realities, Converge toward the soul of all created power, The center of intelligence. Martha: God's Universe teems with harmonious action, In grandeur and beauty effectively swayed, Through order and law without mar or infraction, Have forces creative their wonders displayed. My being is thrilled with a cadence of motion As life in its majesty marches along, The music of heaven, of earth, and of ocean. Inspires my heart with a fullness of song. Cecelia : Then sing to us, sing to us that inspiration, Give us the melody, full, rich and clear ! Bound are our hearts to the work of salvation, To us its music is precious and dear.