CANDID INVESTIGATION We can easily comprehend how the infidel mind outside of Church organizations and professed belief in Bible history, may cavil and cry ' fraud and delusion,' when modern spiritual manifestations are presented to them for belief or even scientific investigation. But when we meet persons who say they believe the Bible records of great signs and wonders, wrought through Moses, as medium, and the so-called miracles of Jesus and the Apostles, unquestioned, because the Bible says thus and so ; and when the same or similar phenomena occur in our own time, to find them among the first to denounce and to demand a full explanation why there should be a suspension of natural law to bring about such results, we think that ' consistency,' when found, ' is a jewel ' of priceless worth. We rejoice to know that some scientists have set themselves to work fearlessly to investigate the subject of materialization; and regardless of sectarian prejudice or contumely that may be poured upon them, to give to the world a candid report of the conclusions reached by searching inquiry. We are a mystery unto ourselves. The atmosphere in which we live and move, while its weight and mechanical forces can be accurately estimated, is entirely imperceptible to our visual organs. We are forced to acknowledge the fact, that the mineral, vegetable and animal kingdoms increase and expand; because we do not see them grow, does not warrant the assertion that occult forces are not at work to accelerate growth, and perfect each according to its kind. That the world of matter is only an outward expression of the world of mind, we have no just cause to doubt. We call it the invisible world, because it is imperceptible to the external senses ; but when perceived by the interior, spiritual senses, the spirit world is the real world; the material part is the shell — the incrustation — while the spiritual part is the soul and substance of all things. The long-cherished idea that the spirit world was located far beyond the starry regions, and that they who traveled thence could never more return to earth, is now superseded by demonstrated facts, coming to us by tens of thousands of living witnesses. The spirit world is all around us. We are surrounded by an ocean of intelligences. This is evidenced in various ways — by rapping, moving ponderable matter, and by materialized forms appearing to many persons at the same moment; speaking audibly, and at times speaking with prophetic power concerning the great work to be accomplished through spirit agency in the not distant future— convincing many skeptical and infidel minds of the immortality of human souls — causing mysterious orthodox ideas of heaven and hell, together with the physical resurrection, to give place to reason and the sense of justice and mercy conjoined ; for God, who is infinitely good and wise, will never arbitrarily punish any soul because he possesses the power to do it. But He has fixed laws for all, irrespective of nationality, caste or color, and they who violate those laws mar their own being and make an impress which themselves must remove by compliance with and yielding fealty to those God-given laws. Spirits from interior worlds are doing a great work ! Have not those who have been baptized with power from the resurrection heavens a great duty resting upon them, to cooperate and work with those spirits, in helping to pull down the walls of Babylon, built up of churchal creeds and dogmas, and cemented together by priestcraft, until not one stone is left standing upon another — until people of all nations and languages are convinced that the power that is striving to bear rule is ordained of God ? There are many Spirits of various grades at the present time, good, bad and undeveloped, who run with tidings without authority, and who, by so doing, create confusion, and are in reality lying prophets But they who try the spirits and place themselves under the care and tuition of good angel guides, are nursed with their love and feel their sweet influences distilling upon them as the soft dews of the morning. Such are inspired to believe it is quite as possible to create heavenly spheres and circles here and to draw the bright and beautiful to us, while in mortal form, as for spirits in other spheres — the same in kind if not in degree. Anna White, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.