St. Louis, August 16, 1875 Elder. Evans — Dear Sir : Inclosed, please find accounts of materialization, through my mediumship. That night, on retiring, I beheld a great light in the center of the room. Out of the light, proceeded a voice, saying, ' We have chosen you, as a medium, through and by whom we may be permitted to do great and wonderful works ; we wish yoxi to go to Mount Lebanon, for thirty days, and sit with my people, for their development.' Thrice, this happened, that night. Next day, about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, while sitting in my room, pondering upon the events of the night, I made up my mind, that if, upon its next appearance, I could overcome the awe with which it inspired me, I would speak and question it. Immediately it was present, but it was long before I dared speak. At last I mustered courage to address it, saying, ¦' Are you a Spirit?' Answer — 'Yea.' 'Whose?' 'Mother Ann Lee, I am called by the faithful.' ' What, the Shakers ? ' ' Yea.' ' Last night you wished me to go to Mount Lebanon; I, being of the world, they would not be willing to have me sit with them.' ' Write my desire, and they will be more than anxious to have you in their midst.' ' You know I am engaged to be married shortly ? ' ' Yea.' ' Should I go, I would want to take my wife with me.' 'That is our intention; you would not be perfect, in this our intended development, without her.' ' Would it be wise, in me, to question what this wondrous work is to be, and how I am to proceed in the matter ?' ' When there, I will impress you whom to choose to form a Circle, sitting one hour each day.' ' Am I to Sit for manifestations, or materializations, while there ? ' ' Nay, we wish to draw a subtile force from you, to equalize the Circle, through and by whom we will be enabled, with others, to manifest ourselves to the world, and teach them the way of life.' ' By others, do you mean of the Shaker persuasion?' 'Yea,' ' Will this take place during my sitting with them ?' ' Nay.' ' How soon after ? ' ' You are not permitted to know ; it will be after the death of one or more members of the Circle.' ' Do I understand that you will be enabled to take on the form, and appear to the world, in such manner, that all, who behold you, will, of a surety, know you are a Spirit ? ' ' Yea.' ' Shall I let my friends know of your appearance to me, and your desires ? ' ' Nay ; none but the lady you are about to marry.' ' Whom, of the Shakers—a's I know none of them — shall I apply to?' 'Elder Evans.' ' Shall I write him and let him know of your communication with me ?' ' That is our desire.' I have delayed writing, until compelled by some unseen force. I now feel relieved. Please answer this communication, immediately. Address me at this city ; also Dubuque, Iowa, as I may be in that city in a few days. Respectfully yours, W. C. Clark