'THINGS NEW AND OLD.' External things are perpetually changing. In the universal laboratory, there are combinations and decompositions of elements constantly succeeding each other, all under the direction of the Supreme chemist, and all tending to one end — the production of the greatest good for the individual man, and the ultimate harmonizing of all minds with the Divine. Why, then, it may be asked, the need of bringing up any thing from the past, since the present must be so much superior to it, and what is to succeed the present, will so much surpass it? Why should the magnificent edifice of to-day be reminded of ' the rock from which it was hewn?' Because, the future can only stimulate hope, while the past and the present alone must be our instructors, and can alone prove what the future shall be. All that has been learned has been learned in the past and the present. ''Day uttereth speech unto day, and night showeth knowledge unto night.' The products of to-day show us how fertile the past has been. All human beings, whether existing upon the unnumbered spheres of the outward universe or in the spirit realms, differ from each other only as they contain within themselves more or less of the accumulated treasure of the past. 'Who hath despised the day of small things 1' or rather, who should despise it ? Without it, there never could be the day of great things. The new things of to-day are but the natural growth of what were planted yesterday. The rains of yesterday fertilized, and the rays of yesterday's sun warmed them; so that we owe to the growth of yesterday, the fruits we are enjoying to day. But are there not productions of the past that are to be avoided ? Most certainly. Not every combination of elements produces what will sustain life. On the contrary, much that is produced will destroy it. There is need, therefore, of discrimination. These are to be classed among the things that are behind which we are to forget, while we press toward the attainable things before us. Past experience is a lesson for to-day and a prophecy of the future. We know from the twig before us what the tree shall be. So we trace back, through centuries, the tree of today to the sapling and the twig of the past. From the ruins lying before us, we judge of the extent of the once existing city, the material of which its buildings were constructed, and, in some degree, of the character of those who once inhabited it, though no record of them remain. That which was once the Church of Christ, though now incumbered with heaps of rubbish, yet has enough to show, aside from the records handed down to us, what was its original foundation, and how much the present superstructure differs from the model exhibited by its Architect. But it is not enough that the past be restored. The second temple, though resembling the first, must surpass that in beauty and glory. The sciences of to-day resemble those of by-gone ages, yet how vastly superior to them! ' Truth is truth wherever found,' yet to-day we behold the flower in full bloom, where those of other times beheld only the closed bud, the growing stem, or the just expanding seed. Revelation is a perpetual unfolding, both in the individual soul, in the national life, and in the life of the entire race of man. Hence, it is a perpetual necessity. One of olden time has said,' There is nothing new under the sun.' Eyes he may have had, but the past was to them a sealed book, and the present shed insufficient light upon his vision. His great kinsman of after ages was far wiser than he—''a scribe perfectly instructed in respect to the Divine government.' What patience, what trust in the future he manifested! This was the lesson he had learned from the past, so that though the flesh shrunk from the trials before it, yet the spirit with unbounded confidence in the future, could say, ' Thy will be done.' The perfect lesson we have to learn from all our experience is, that the Divine Mind is unchangeable. It sees the past and the future with unerring certainty. We need intimate connection with that which cannot err, so as to be assisted in our judgments respecting the past and the present; and a perfect reliance upon him with whom is ' no variableness nor shadow of turning,' in order to possess that equanimity of soul which ail the changes of earth, whether in its physical elements or the moral condition of its occupants, cannot disturb. Wm. H. Bussell, Groveland, N. Y.