SOCIAL GATHERING A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS Cecelia : I know that you all would be pleased to hear A little acrostic, quaint and clear, That Martha whispered into my ear, About this day of reaping. Now, Martha, will you be so kind as to tell The words that Our Social Gathering spell? They sound to me like a silver bell, Their music my mind is keeping. Martha : Out of the growth of a hundred years, Union with ripened fruit appears ; Righteousness, sown in toil and tears Spreads, like the oak, its leaves, Over the hills and plains of earth. Change to the seeds of good gave birth Increasing harvests of priceless worth ; Angels garnered the sheaves. Light and knowledge, through human law, Gave, as the prophets of old foresaw, A safe retreat from oppression's war, That the ranks of the martyrs swelled. Here, in a land of liberty, Earth has proclaimed her children free ; Rights that they cherished sacredly, In lawful chains are held. Now we behold, while peace bears sway, dad omens of millennial day. Margaret: We bring to our annual gatherings The treasures of life and love, Ami gifts of our spirits mingle With those of the Heavenly Dove. They're a garner for thought, a garner for truth, Kept sacred by holy resolves, Made pure by the faith that unites us as one, The union that never dissolves. Incentives to action, to labor and prayer, We gather from year unto year, While a knowledge of life, its duties and care, Disrobes the dim future of fear. They are like a morning of beauty and light, A morning that never departs, But bears on its wings the promise of life, And the rest that true conquest imparts. And ever anon we hear the glad sound Of blessing from kindred afar, Who long for a share of the pleasure we reap, Which pleasure no evils will mar. With joy in our hearts, we await them each year; United together we say, O! let them continue, they are unto us A light to illumine our way. Ann : Among the peace gifts of my life, Is one that glitters bright; Its glory lingers in my heart Like everlasting light. The thought—I mingle on this spot With those I love most dear — Arises like the morning sun Unto my vision clear. SHAKER A.ND O! may the gift that here is won, Upon me rest in peace, And may a deeper sacrifice Bring to me truth's increase. And cherished in life's memory Shall be this hour of love, When gifts of holy pleasure come Prom Zion pure above. Er,vAH: When the shadows of evening are gathering 'round, And the breath of the rose is hidden or blown; When hushed is the sound of labor and care, And quietude seals the day that is flown,— Then cometh the hour that gladly I meet, The hour for angels to reign in our home, Who breathe o'er the souls my heart fondly loves, And whisper the joy of the future to come. 'Tis then I can view the fair Zion of God, Increasing in glory, in honor and light; 'Tis then I'm inspired to toil to the day When truth will be monarch and right will be might.