EDITORIAL CHANGE—SUMMARY The sixth volume of our paper will commence under the direction of its original editor, Q. A. Lomas. With much satisfaction, we vacate the chair3 in behalf of our worthy and able brother, believing he will continue to maintain sound doctrine, have no fellowship with unfruitful works of darkness, and by The Shaker, shake all, in Church and State, that can be shaken. The Shaker and Shakeress has been well sustained by its inside and outside friends. Thanks to all contributors, and to the press for its uniform courtesy. Extracts from its columns and kindly notices attest the urbanity of editors. Without an exception, they have been gentle toward our little waif. As the S. &amp; S. is the first dual paper on record, may we not assume this generous reception and treatment of it as a prophecy of unanimity in adopting the coming Dual Civil Government, to be formed in likeness of the Shaker Order, in which it will be understood that it is no more good for man to be alone, in framing and executing the laws of a government, for people of all nations, kindreds and tongues, holding to 1,000 different theologies, than it is for man to be alone in the construction of a family. As the Union has treed colored people from slavery, so will it free woman from semibondage, and endow her with a citizenship that Rome, in all her glory, never dreamed of. The Shaker is a little body with a great soul. Its means are small—its aims high— nothing less than the destruction of antichristian Babylon—confusion—and the construction of a true Christian order, from whence shall proceed an influence and a law, that will organize, out of the American government, a new millennial earth. It is in this manner that the kingdoms of this world will become the kingdom of our Lord and his Christ Such nations will learn war no more. The organic wrongs of the then existing governments of earth, and the primary, abstract truths, seen in'the light of the Christ-Spirits, by the Prophets of the Ages, caused them to be as pilgrims and strangers, seeking a city having the continued revelation of truth as its foundations. ' Cease to do evil' is now in order, for individuals, and for organizations. In the present light of the retiring editor, seven forms of evil are apparent, in individuals and in organizations. INDIVIDUAL EVILS. 1st. Superfine Flour, divested of its bran, causing general derangement of physical functions. 2d. Mesh Meat, necessitating the killing of dumb animals, who cannot plead their own rights. Its use, under the Darwinian law— ' struggle for existence and survival of the fittest'—is not spiritual, but muscular force and mental craft—practical deception. Aboriginal races, who fight with and feed upon wild beasts, themselves become wild. 3d. Spirituous Liquors. These madden the brain, leaving the man unmanned—the reason dethroned—the conscience seared. 4th. Narcotics. Opium, tobacco—types of a numerous class of nerve-destroyers, eagerly sought and recklessly used by a large proportion of mankind. 5th. Condiments. These help in the work of physical deterioration, directly and by inheritance, in destroying the natural taste of all articles to which they are applied, and also by creating unnatural appetites and tastes. Salt, pickles, pepper, mustard and vinegar can be applied to the land, without much damage to health. 6th. Teas and Coffee are types of a large class of plants that furnish drinks to the female portion of humanity. They may be vainly used, but are not used in vain. 7th. Foul Air. This is one of the curses that Moses said would cleave to his people, if disobedient to his laws and statutes. How universal this plague, and what dire results follow breathing impure air and drinking impure water are problems that the science of the world is now engaged in solving and devising means of avoiding. The people of God should be as clean in the air they breathe, as in the food they eat, the clothes they wear, or the houses in which they live. SOCIETY EVILS. 1st. Holding land, as property, forever. The accumulation of ' broad acres ' in the hands of persons holding it from general use. 2d. Poverty, resulting from people being cut off from their inheritance in the earth. The promise is, The saints shall possess the earth, each sitting under his and her own vines—No poor. 3d. Wars. Bread or blood is the cry of the landless always and in all times. The landholders give them both bread and blood. They cause them to earn their bread by. shedding the blood of each other. When the Romans had no national wars, they made the landless kill one another, as gladiators. 4th. Slavery of the conquered is a logical deduction from war. De#ath to the vanquished is its law, unless self finds use for the doomed wretch as a slave to minister to the lusts of the heroic conqueror. Slaves are the highest form of property known to Christian (t) law. 5th. Masculine Domination. This is an organic evil in all old creation organizations. The desire for women modifies the Darwinian law of brute force in man ; otherwise, under that force, man would kill all women. Her lord and master's passions balance each other. 6th. Usury. This eats, as does a canker, into the vitals of the producing classes. ' Thou shalt not kill; thou shalt not take usury of any,' was Jewish law. 7th. Spiritualism, the science of all sciences, being perverted under the operation of the above-named evils, creates a theology that stultifies reason, confounds logic, and attempts the regulation of conscience, by physical force, torturing the body for the benefit of the soul. Thus we have a union of generation and Christianity — Babylon—mixture—producing Church and State organizations, in all nations—except under the to be New Earth Government of these United States.