DO GOOD What we do is ours, together with the ultimate fruits of the same ; let whoever may receive its immediate effects. How many have been awakened to feel conviction for sin, that have afterward felt they had fallen from grace, or committed the unpardonable sin ! And have not many, through ignorance or false teaching, thrown away hope, and set darkness and the pit before them as their sure doom, and recklessly, plunged headlong into temptation and crime 1 This is either making work for many days of repentance, or heaping up fuel for the unquenchable fire. In all the revelation of God there is nothing to discourage doing good at any time or under any circumstances, even by those who may suppose themselves irredeemable, but who are quite the reverse. The following text of the prophet is sometimes misapplied : ' When I say to the righteous he shall surely live, if he trust to his own righteousness and commit iniquity, all his righteousness shall not be remembered, but for the iniquity that he hath committed he shall die for it.' The simple meaning of this is, his former righteousness shall not save him from punishment as the wages of iniquity, if he consent to practice it. In like manner, if an unrighteous man repent and turn to righteousness, correct his errors and right the wrongs he has committed, his former transgressions shall not prevent his reaping the fruits of his righteousness. Jesus testified that whosoever would give a cup of cold water only, to a little one who followed him, on account of his being a disciple, should in nowise lose his reward. In the judgment work of separating the good from the bad, those who have fed and clothed the least of Christ's brethren and sisters, or visited them in sickness or in prison, unwittingly did it to him, and are invited to an inheritance in the heavenly kingdom. While those who merely prophesied (i. e., taught) in his name, and in his name did many wonderful works, but omitted these deeds of mercy and charity, are commanded to depart. If to every one shall be given ' according as his works shall be, whether they be good or whether they be evil,' surely none can fail of a recompense for what unselfish good they do, even if they fall under the judgment of condemnation, to expiate their folly and guilt by suffering. But when they are sufficiently broken to acknowledge the justice of the hand that deals with them, they will realize that their deeds of selfsacrifice have mitigated their sufferings and made repentance easier; while every wicked deed, willfully committed, will aggravate their torture. This is according to reason and justice, and is confirmed by the testimony of some who have experienced a measure of the same. If ' every idle word' shall meet us in the judgment, or Balance of Justice, Mercy, Reason, Justice, and Revelation, all assure us that every positively good deed will be there also. Truth clearly affords all encouragement to do good, even to the last moment of probation. All discouragement proceeds from falsehood. ' Do good and lend (or give), hoping not to receive as much again, and thou shalt be recompensed at the resurrection of the just.' But those who are prompted by mercenary or selfish motives in all they do, may look in vain for any future recompense of righteousness. Let those who suppose themselves irretrievably lost set about doing good to their neighbor, whether stranger, friend, or enemy, hoping not for earthly reward, the only way souls can prove their love to God, and if they abstain from all willful and premeditated SHAKER A.1STD SHAKEEESS. 91 evil, who can say the good will not so far prevail in their day of reckoning, that they may fiaally secure a part in the first resurrection. Certainly such deeds, particularly those done for the household of Christ, will be of more value to the doer, whether saint or sinner, than all earthly pelf and pleasure. The Revelation of this Day teaches ' Never throw yourselves away—Though you be fallen never so low, it is not too late to cry to God—A soul in the belly of hell can do no better than cry to God.' But some will say ' The prayer of the wicked is abomination to God.' True! when they do not pray sincerely. Souls cannot pray to God while seeking to save their carnal lusts—or to be sanctified in their sins. Their prayers ascend not above carnal pleasure, and are answered by ' the Man of Sin,' who sitteth in their temple and showeth himself to such that he is god. Their eyes, blinded by impurity of heart, cannot see the real and living God. So of the proud, whom ' God resisteth,' and the selfish and self-willed, who pray to be saved in their own ways, and to have their own wills executed; God ' beholdeth them afar off.' But ' In our humiliation our judgment will be taken away, and in no other way.' Every honest, humble seeker is indeed blessed ; for the Holy One who inhabits eternity dwells with the humble and contrite heart, to revive the spirit of the contrite ones. ' I am come to seek and save that which was lost—the whole need not a physician,' is the language of the Good Shepherd. Alonzo Hollister, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.