JESUS According to historical accounts, Jesus was a man of symmetrical beauty, in body and mind. He was clothed with wisdom, in harmony with Nature's laws, in sympathy with suffering humanity, and ever ready to forgive the erring, especially his enemies and wicked or ignorant persecutors. He seemed to possess an intuitive knowledge of the ruling elements of the lower world, which bring misery, pain and sorrow upon mankind; also of the laws which rule the heavens, which, if kept unbroken, produce happiness and joy. He was physically and morally sound, well developed, qualified to comprehend the needs of the human family, and the causes of their misery, and was pre-eminently prepared to receive the Christ-Spirit, to show, by example, how to make an end of sin, finish the ' mystery of godliness,' and the misery which is the fruit of ungodly deeds. He occupied such an elevated position that he comprehended the proper sphere of all inferior creatures, their powers and imperfections. When I compare myself with the standard that Jesus raised, the contrast is great. As I understand, he was born of the best morally cultivated, religious Jewish parents. 1 have no such claims. I was of humble birth ; my parents were Gentile, and I was reared in inharmonious relations and irreligious surroundings. But I am what I am to-day, and hope, by the grace of God, and the aid of good Spirits, to be something more and better in the future, if I persevere in walking the path of purity and doing the works of righteousness. By engaging in the Christian warfare, and fighting all the lusts that war against the welfare of body and soul, I expect to find redemption from sickness and physical disease, as well as spiritual sins, and the effects flowing therefrom. I crave the power that Jesus possessed in body and soul. ' The truth made him free, and he was free indeed.' He was a pure medium through whom Divine inspiration flowed freely from the inner heaven of heavens. To attain unto the same knowledge and goodness, and in my measure to be as he was in this world, shall be my highest aim. Clark Hayden, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.