EXTRAORDINARY CURE AUSTRALIAN LETTER. Dear Friend and Brother: Like one snatched from the dead, I resume social and business relations with my brethren of humanity. You are aware that I have for upwards of two years been suffering from a chronic disease of the stomach, from which neither Spirits—Media nor Medical men seemed capable of relieving me. This disease culminated about a month ago, in one mass of ulceration from the tip of my tongue to the bottom of my stomach—and like Job of old I preferred death and the grave to the miserable existence I then had. My medical adviser told me my case was utterly hopeless— and the spirits attending me told me they were now waiting to take me home. Three days and nights I was in constant expectation of departing, my wife constantly remained with me; my family, and two or three select friends watched by me in turns. Upwards of a dozen spirits were in almost constant attendance, soothing and comforting me, assuring ms that they would not leave me in my distress and that they were there for the express purpose of mitigating my sufferings to the whole extent of their power, and rendering my passage to the Father's presence as easy as possible. These spirits including my father, mother, paternal and maternal grandfathers and mothers, a brother and sister, father-in-law, and five or six more of my near relatives in the spirit home, manifested day and night, not only to me, but to every person in the house. Copious instructions were given in spirit writing and by other means to every one what to do. When they should go to bed, when and whom to watch with me, whom to admit into the house, whom to invite, and whom to meet at the door without admitting them further. In fact the whole household arrangements were for three days and nights under spirit control. On the third and last night of my severe illness, my spirit friends summoned all my earth friends to bid me good-bye, and allowed only one besides my wife and children to see me die. My hands and face changed color, my feet grew numb —when all at once I was seized hold of by some extraordinary power, and shaken violently in bed, so violently that the bed shook also. I was shaken at the rate of more than two hundred vibrations per minute from side to side, for three or four minutes, the length of vibration across my bowels being about three inches. Somewhat alarmed, I asked the Spirits if this was death, and if it would be a painful struggle for me. The Spirits attending me told me they did not know what this was at all. In all previous death-bed scenes they had never seen any thing like it. They desired me to trust in God with perfect confidence ; I was undoubtedly under the control of a power superior to them at the time, with which it was impossible for them to interfere ; but God assuredly was with me, and I might with great certainty repose perfect confidence in him. Meanwhile they would not leave me till they saw what was determined respecting me, telling me at the same time that though they certainly expected to take me with them that night, yet no Spirit save only those in the immediate presence of the Father, to whom He communicated the intelligence, could absolutely fortell when death would happen to any one, their power of judging was superior to that of mortals, only in proportion to their greater experience and progression, nothing more. The result of this fearful shaking was, that an obstruction which all treatment had failed to disturb was removed, and since that time I have gradually but surely mended in health. The Spirit attendants have all left me but one, as their presence is required elsewhere ; but they assure me of being constantly watched by one attendant at least, who can instantly summon others when I really need their services. John Finlay