VICARIOUS ATONEMENT In the doctrine of vicarious atonement, God is represented, first, as inflexibly just; second, as changeable, his wrath being changed to love by the vicarious sacrifice. His justice and his mercy are arrayed in conflict. God's mercy pleads ' spare the culprit; ' j ustice is inexorable, and will not yield one iota to the pleadings of mercy. Punishment — vindictive punishment — must and shall be inflicted on the sinner, or on the substitute. God's children are required to imitate him. Here God is represented as having conflicting dispositions. Transfer this state of mind to a human being, and you have drawn the picture of a miserable, unhappy wretch. Again, justice and mercy are attributes of God, and, like him, are unchangeable in their relations one with another, whether they exist in or are exercised by God or man. The moral effect, then, of such a conception of God as this doctrine inculcates is the following, when exhibited in man : His servant, or subject, disobeys him ; the culprit must be vindictively punished. If there be any of the milk of human kin'dness in this lordling's nature — any mercy — it must be crushed out, annihilated. Inexorable justice overrides and quashes all mercy's pleadings. It might as well not exist; it can have no influence. '' There is no room for mercy, none for pardon left.' Thus man, in imitating his God, becomes a perfectly remorseless tyrant. If now he undertake to make the dodge attributed to God by this vicarious doctrine, and take his innocent son as a substitute for his erring servant, and pour out the rage of his wrath upon the innocent son in order to satisfy the vindictive demands of his justice, does not every one see that he still more outrages all the principles of eternal justice instead of satisfying them? The doctrine carried out frustrates its own professed end, and is a flagrant exhibition of gross injustice. There is not a civilized nation on earth which would not punish a man, capitally, for immolating his innocent son, because some of his servants had offended him. Yet all the orthodox and evangelical sects of nominal Christians do, in their creeds, charge the God of heaven with the commission of this diabolical crime. 9O A modern author, writing of Calvin and Calvinism, says: ' Hatred of sin was fixed upon the sinner. The burning indignation of his offended conscience was seldom tempered with mercy. Justice, dark and frowning justice, streaming with implacable vengeance ; justice omnipotent and impatient of execution ; justice, the divinest principle in the constitution of the mysterious trinity; justice, the unchangeable grandeur of God's intellectual character; JUSTICE, the support of heaven and hell; I may add justice, the frigid climate of kingdom come, the savage feature of the Calvinistic theology, the refractory attribute within the heart of destructive combativeness, is the pet principle, the central idea — the indestructible motive power of cruelty in mankind.' Again, the same author says: Millions have accepted Jesus, not as an elder brother and member of the human family, but, on the contrary, that Jesus has been apprehended and outrageously martyred as the sacrifice of an infinite mind, a lamb slain on the bloody altar for human benefit; a debt-payer of that which he did not owe, suffering for gigantic and innumerable sins lie never committed, transforming, to angels of heaven, great world-worn sinners, because they merely ' believed on Him and were baptized, and have accepted a mountainous mass of other absurdities and heathenish contradictions.' CONCLUSION OF A DREAM. A few days after writing the abo.ve, I dreamed of preaching a regular discourse to an audience on the subject of Vicarious Atonement, of which the following is the concluding part: According to this doctrine of imputed sin and vicarious atonement, Adam's original sin was imputed to the whole human race. This sin against God, thus attaching to the race of man, is so stupendous, so heinous, that God cannot extend mercy; cannot forgive without violating eternal justice. Man, thus lying under the guilt of this tremendous criminality, with the sword of offended and implacable justice lowering over him, nothing daunted, audaciously adds to his already unpardonable sin one still more horrible and sacrilegious. He commits Deicide! Seizes and murders God's own innocent Son! the second person in the trinity ! This additional and awful outrage, it is said, satisfied God's eternal justice, and opened his bowels of mercy to man. But really it would seem more as if the Omnipotent was intimidated, his eternal justice conquered, and his mercy extorted, than that he should, for this new offense, now become satisfied and reconciled to the human race. R. W. Pelham, Union Village, O.