WORLDS WITHOUT END Worlds ad infinitum. We like the idea. It opens a field for change ad infinitum — eternal progress. Advent into the first world is not inaptly symbolized by the entered apprentice's degree in masonry — we go it blind. Advent into the second world is like the follow craft degree — we are but half hoodwinked, not half satisfied with the wisdom or knowledge gained. No inconsiderable percentum of the vast amount of raw human material that takes the first degree in the scale of semi-conscious being, would, apparently, be semi-content to linger, and so of those who take the second degree. Not so with aspiring minds. Excelsior is the motto inscribed on their banner. They are not content with human moieties, nor with ill-assorted, vulgar fractions. They want to see humanity in its entireness — in whole numbers — integers. To attain the desideratum, a searching ordeal must be endured. We must be put through the land of shadows — the camera obscura. This is a lengthy process. The soul will be tried to the extent of human endurance. In this crucible we must continue, till no dross remains ; till the Son of Righteousness can shine through us, as clear as crystal, casting no shadow on the canvas. Now are we prepared for an advance movement ; a movement that is a movement. We enter a world where man is found in the likeness of God. A world where the brief Mosaic poetic epitome of the creation of man is, to some extent, actualized. We say, to some extent, for there is really no end to the worlds. Every world we press through will be accompanied with corresponding elevations. To the increase of glory there will be no end. World after world will appear in view,each, in turn, holding out inducements worthy of our loftiest ambition. The time Will come, the condition be reached, in which we can appreciate the justice and the wisdom of God, in conferring on us conscious existence. In the first, and in succeeding worlds, much may be accomplished by earnest minds, preparatory to an early advance movement. We have splendid opportunities here and now — opportunities not to be trifled with. No experience in scenes, no matter how trying, which may not be made available in coming worlds. This should reconcile us to endure the disagreeables of life in the present world, be that life long or short. Glory, honor, immortality, are before us as inducements to endure the cross and despise the shame of our juvenile ignorance. We are living for eternity, for God and humanity. Oliver Prentiss, Mount Lebanon, N. Y.