Progression [part 6 of 6] A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS Cecelia: I thought from Margaret's speaking, A little while ago, There was at least one place on earth Where Sharon's rose could grow ; Where hearts, by consecration, Could draw the angels near; And, since we heard that blessed song, I know that place is here. Margaret: There is no spot on earth so dear As this on which we stand, Made hallowed by the meeting here Of friends from spirit land. Could their material forms be seen, What joy it \yould create. Why not? 'tis just a step between This and the future state, A step that every one must take, For we must leave each earthly scene ; Then, let our faith unbar the gate, And love push back the screen. Charlotte : The great beyond ! 'Tis near our life, I long to see and hear Fulfillment of the promises By prophet and by seer. 'Tis not for sight of spirit forms, This yearning is within, But the uplifting of the race From sickness and from sin. I know that poverty will fall Beneath this mighty flow, And earth no longer reel and toss With her strong weight of woe. For yon bright souls can better find And melt the hearts of ire, Than dwellers here below, who ne'er Have doffed the earth's attire. When mortals know they're really seen By beings up above, The wrongs of life will yet be changed And hearts will grow in love. And, though from me that law is hid That governs this great power, I know 'tis true ! and so I wait The spirit's day and hour. Elvah: Who knows but what this world will blended be With that unseen above ? And hence eternity Will be as dwelling here upon the earth, From birth to death, and thence again to birth. For if, by passing on from sphere to sphere, We understand we die, yet live again, Our life with all creation will combine To show that vital forces will remain. How grand and e'en sublime we view to-day, With eyes of full belief, the spirit forms That come from that dim, vague and wond'rous land, In human shape that life-blood freely warms ! Melissa : There's nothing new, the sage hath said, And growth with this is rife ; The theme that fills the mind to-day, And throbs the pulse of life, Was regnant when the Nazarene Received the spirit birth, While the old corridors of life Portrayed its ancient worth. From Genesis to Revelation, From Revelation on through time, We see its phases, while its truth With our best thoughts can chime. Cecelia: As Catharine claims a long descent From those who dwelt in Israel's tent, It was but right to have her sent To search the book of Moses. The spirit powe^r that there is found Is like the giant race it crowned; It stands, the ages to confound, By all that it discloses. So, Catharine, tell us what you saw, And what the inference you draw, How far you probed the potent law That mystery incloses. Catharine : Adown the vista of the past We see through time's dim mists, That with the human race this soul Of science co-exists. The records of antiquity Are all agleam with stories Of how the spirit power wrought out Its wonders and its glories. The tutelary deity That anciently o'er-ruled ; That in the laws of mundane life The tribes of Israel schooled, With Moses many times communed, As clad in man's attire; And, sometimes, brilliantly appeared Within a bush of fire. 'I Am,' he simply called his name, When profferintr the mission Through which his chosen ones could find Deliverance and remission. When unto Moses he gave power King Pharaoh's heart to move, In visitations that he sent To punish and reprove, The magic rod, that Moses used, His wonders to perform, When struck upon the ground, received A serpent's life and form. The plagues of flies and frogs were sent, The waters turned to blood, And locusts swarmed upon the earth, Consuming all the food. O'er Egypt sable veils were drawn— Three days were as the nightWhile Israel's children all abode In dwellings filled with light. But Pharaoh's heart was still too hard To let the captives go, Until the Lord, by heavier hand, His judgment strong would show. But when he found in every house A flrst-born struck with death, That e'en his son upon the throne No more had life and breath, He rose in midnight's darksome hour, His servants to command, That Moses with all Israel Might quickly flee the land. All through their dreary exodus, To guide their feet aright, A pillar moved as cloud by day, That brightly glowed at night. They marched through trackless wilderness Until they heard the roar Of waves, that from the Red Sea rolled To wash its pebbly shore. And, then, they heard the marshal tread Of Pharaoh's host draw near; But Moses, filled with faith and hope, Delivered them from fear. The guiding angel, that was clothed In cloud and radiance bright, Cast darkness on the enemy, While giving Israel light; Then Moses stood, with outstretched arm, Commanding the great sea To rise in walls on right and left And clean divided be Till every child in Israel Had passed upon dry ground; But, when its might returned again, The enemy were drowned. Martha: By these great works the people knew Their Lord before them moved, His power to save in danger's hour Unto their hearts was proved. But, when encamped upon the land To which they had been led, Their hunger prompted murmurings For Egypt's meat and bread. The Lord, who always heard their cries, Replied with blessings free, Appearing to them in a cloud Whose glory all could see. With evening shade there fell soft due, Like hoar-frost on the ground. And in the morning everywhere Fresh manna could be found. 'Twas gathered from the atmosphere— We'll say, ' materialized '— And thus, for forty years, their bread Was daily improvised. Ann: When journeying o'er the desert waste They found no water-brooks, And bitter murmurings Moses felt Expressed in words and looks. He bade them wait until the Lord Could satisfy their thirst, Then with his rod smote Horeb's rock Till water from it burst. A living spring came bubbling out, A sparkling, flowing tide ; Its source was in the viewless power Which all their needs supplied. Catharine: From types and shadows in the past Comparison we draw To Zion fair, whose growth shall prove Fulfillment of the law. The little ark, before us placed, Brings to our vision clear The ark that was the cabinet Through which the Lord drew near. The principles of righteousness, And testimony pure. Were in the ark of covenant Held sacred and secure. On these, from precious metal wrought, Was placed the Mercy Seat, Whereon the Lord could speak His will, And with His chosen meet. The Cherubs, 'neath Shekinah's light, In beauty there express The dual life of Deity, The Altar of redress. Another type of ancient time In Zion is redeemed. The breast-plate by the high-priest worn, Through which the Lord convened. Its form was of a perfect square ; This meant equality, That all the tribes of Israel Might perfect justice see : Twelve precious stones composed this plate, Twelve tribes thereon were named, Through these, in time of counsel, God's answer was proclaimed. Shekinah's light the letters marked That spelt each needed word, When Prophet, Priest or Ruler, In duty sought the Lord. Ideals of the past give place To grand reality, The substance of those shadows dim, In brightness now we see. We feel and know, by inner sense, Their meaning deep and blest; For with the Lord's Anointed Ones The Ark and treasures rest. And Mfcy Seat, O sacred gift! Its wort I) is more than gold, More purely than could Cherubim Their wings our hearts enfold The breast-plates by their spirits worn Of judgment from above, Metes to our souls God's justice true, Clothed in parental love. In the Shekinah's light they dwell, And by it they can read— Not lettered symbols as of old— But life with all its need. Margaret: This growth of innate spirit power In beauty was displayed, When on the Altar of the Lord Their rods twelve princes laid ; When Aaron's chosen by the will Of overruling powers,—¦ Was caused to yield the bud and fruit Of fragrant almond flowers. Thus far these time-famed miracles, To which we have referred, Through Moses' gift of mediumship Have principally occurred; But, when his days of leadership Were drawing to a close, The mantle rested on the one Whom God in wisdom chose. And, thus, when Joshua led them forth To find the promised land, Like the Red Sea, were Jordan's waves, Divided, caused to stand. Milissa : Still further on, we read of those Who could materialize; Who, having left the earth, again Could wear the mortal guise. With Samuel this was the case; He through the witch of Endor came, Her powers secretly were sought, With safety promised in God's name. He showed himself unto King Saul, And openly conversed, While Saul, who asked his counsel wise His grievances rehearsed. Elvah: And have not all the story read Of Elijah by the ravens fed, And how the widow's oil increased When its supply had almost ceased, And meal that only once could feed Was multiplied as growth of seed? And when Elijah went his way Within the wilderness to stay, Requesting of the Lord to die And with his fathers dwell on high, He laid him 'neath a tree and slept, While angel guards their vigils kept. Their soft touch caused him to awake, And, lo ! beside him was a cake, And water pure within a cruise, Which they had brought there for his use. Charlotte : Those were pleasant incidents, And, though they seem but small, To me they're quite as wonderful As Honto with her shawl; And little yet, at Chittenden, Has been materialized, But that the past, in prototype, Has fully realized. The spirit friends and chariots, seen By all the Eddy brothers, Soon before they had to part With one of their grandmothers, Did not require higher law Or stronger spirit forces, Than those which caught Elijah up With chariot's fiery horses. Margaret: A strange event, of which we read, To us is now made clearer, By one who lived five hundred years Before the Christian era. She who appears as mountain witch, Whose home was in the East, Was present when Belshazzar, king, Held his ungodly feast. And through her influence there came The writing on the wall, Predicting that a judgment hand So soon on him would fall. To mountain clefts she had to flee From persecution's storm ; But now she often comes to earth, Her mission to perform. Ann: With spiritual phenomena The olden times were rife, In several oases written then The dead were raised to life. Daniel, in the lion's den, All night in safety dwelt; The Hebrew sons through fire walked, Its flames by them unfelt. The miracles that Jesus wrought We have not specified ; But that they were realities, I think we coincide. We know that all of them occurred By laws yet unrevealed ; Within the future's treasury, From us they are concealed. Charlotte : We've learned that death is not the end of man; There is an after-life we all must know; A spirit-world, where countless souls abound Who've learned the bearings of a life below. These bible records of the spirit power Confirm the truth within—we live and breathe With friends departed, who our pathway cheer, And joy amid our sorrows gladly wreathe. From fire and storm and fierce destructive powers A Saviour in a dream or warning oft they give : This dawning law will yet become our guide. The shadow with the substance now doth live ; We know that to the substance we are dim or dark, But grasp the shadow with an anxious fear; Our purblind vision can but dimly mark What in the spirit life is full and clear.