'BLOOD OF THE LAMB.' 'And they overcame him by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony.' Kev. xii, 11. There is a deep significance attached to these words, more so perhaps than the generality are aware of, especially those who expoct to be saved by the blood of the Lamb ; without living his life and overcoming the world in themselves, as he did, and adding to that life the word of their testimony. John, the forerunner, said, after baptizing Jesus, ' Behold the Lamb of God which taketh away the sin of the world.' John, i. 29. How did he ' take away the sin of the world ?' By bearing a daily cross, and overcoming the world in himself, i. e., all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye and the pride of life. A trinity, as the apostle Peter said, ' leaving us an example, that we should follow his steps.' Impossible! says one. Impracticable! says another. He was God, and no mere man, since the fall, can follow the example of a God, nor keep his commandments; but doth daily break them in thought, word and deed. This antichristian idea has long since been exploded. The blood of the Lamb here spoken of, is the life of Christ; the blood is what constitutes the life of every human being, physically, while in the form. ' The blood is the life thereof.' What constituted him the ' Lamb of God,' spiritually, was the purity and innocence of the life he lived, and the Baptism of the Holy Spirit, into the work of regeneration, being led by the Spirit of God. ' As many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God,' the same as he was. Nor did he take away the sin of the world by living a life of righteousness himself, and imputing that righteousness to others. In addressing his disciples, he said, ' except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the scribes and pharisees, ye shall in no case enter the kingdom of heaven.' If a dependence on the righteousness of Christ was sufficient for salvation, why did he not say to his disciples, never mind about your own righteousness, mine is sufficient for you in all cases ? It would be conflicting with God's attribute of justice, to punish the innocent and let the guilty go free. It is an immutable law, ' he that doeth wrong must suffer for the wrong he doeth,' whether it be moral or physical, and no blood of lambs or goats can make it otherwise. But ' he that doeth righteousness is righteous even as he is righteous.' But, says one, would it not do as well, to live the life and omit the testimony? We think not. Where the testimony is omitted the life is lived, only in part, as a general thing. They have to go together. ' 1 testify of it, that the works thereof are evil,' said Jesus ; i. e., the world. Let any try it, and see if they do not find, by experience, an increase of moral power over the world, the flesh, and the devil, if there be one, and I believe there is — not a black personal devil, but that old lying spirit — slanderer. ' The accuser of our brethren and sisters is cast down, which accused them falsely before our God day and night,' and they overcame him by the blood of the fLamb and by the word of their testimony.' Elder J. S. Prescott, North Union, 0.