COUNT THE COST I marvel, when I contemplate the condition of the present generation of men and women, to see in how many ways they seek happiness — regardless of the future — at the expense of the soul's welfare. How important it is that children and youth should have the right discipline in early life, that they may understand how to form correct habits. And those of mature age should bear in mind that it behooves all who take upon them the Christian name to 'depart from iniquity,' tor name signifies character. The followers of Christ must be like him; bear his cross, wear his yoke, and walk in his footsteps. For this reason all should count well the cost before they undertake the work ; for, although the land of the redeemed is full of blessing and ineffable joy, fallen humanity can never attain that state of blessedness, except through conflict and struggle. ' The kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the violent take it by force.' The true way to trust in Jesus is to have our life correspond with his life ; if his deeds were meritorious, let ours be meritorious also. If he was a son of God, — 'the first-born of many brethren'—'to as many as received him,' — in his true name — character—'to them gave he power,' also ' to become the sons and daughters of God.' We read of a large — representative — number of redeemed souls who stood ' with the Lamb on Mount Zion,' and were the ' first fruits unto God.' They had gained that redemption through great tribulation, and had washed their robes and made them white. It would appear by this rendering of scripture that they did not rely upon Jesus, or any other person, to wash their robes and do the work for them; but they worked out their own, salvation by following him in the work of selfdenial, and bearing the same cross that he bore. Does not the same power exist now that did then? and the same God who ruled the heavens and communed with mortals and sent mediators — messengers — to aid them in the work of redemption, and enable them to become his sons and daughters then, live to-day ? I believe there is a ' Mount Zion' at the present time ; and that the dual-Christ — male and female — the Lamb and Bride with a large company of virgin followers and co-workers ; and that they proclaim as with one voice, 'Now has come salvation and strength, the kingdom of our God and the power of his Christ;' the accuser of saints, in all past ages, is now cast out — slain.' Having been fully awakened to the truth of St. Paul's declaration, that ' The flesh lusteth against the spirit, and is contrary to it,' and that Christ's followers must walk in the spirit, and crucify the flesh with all its concomitants, this virgin band, by confession, have cast off the old deeds that were wrought in darkness; their deeds have gone beforehand to judgment, and they stand acquitted ; their consciences are at peace with God and all mankind. This is a treasure that no earthly power can give nor take from its possessor. I rejoice in spirit that I am called to this beautiful inheritance — that I have received the fulfillment of the promise of an hundredfold of fathers, mothers, brothers, sisters, and houses and lands, now in this world, and have felt the power of an endless life in my soul, with an assurance that it will continue and increase, while the ages roll, if I remain faithful. If some who are called into this work, and run well for a season, should turn again into sinful paths — to the weak and beggarly elements of a worldly life,— and thus their light be turned into great darkness, it need not discourage any faithful soul; but rather be a cause of rejoicing, that God sends his angels — messengers — to ' gather out of his kingdom all that offends.' The plan of salvation was laid in great wisdom ; but it is so plain, just and true, that the wayfarer of .small capacity, if honest, may understand it. ' Cease to do evil, and learn to do well' — do right. There is no promise given that any one would be saved from sin, and its consequent miseries while continuing in sin. Neither sin nor sinners belong in Christ's kingdom. Jacob S. Kulp, Pleasant Hill, Ky.