RESIST NOT EVIL How important to our spiritual welfare and progress, as Believers, that we seriously and carefully consider the true import of the words standing at the head of this article — the beautiful injunction of our Saviour—'Resist not evil, but rather overcome evil with good.' This will often give strength to curb and control the angry tide of passion that might otherwise mar the peace, and sever the bonds of gospel union. Though maligned and persecuted by others, we should ever cherish as sacred the blessed precept inculcated by the founder of Christianity, to ' return good for evil.' Nothing brings a greater cross upon the natural disposition, and costs a greater amount of self-denial, than a true application of this principle. By it we gain a conquest over the lower nature, but it is only accomplished by earnest and continued struggle. If amid the trials and temptations of communistic life, we allow a harsh or unkind word to escape our lips, how easily we may wound the sensitive feelings of a dear brother or sister, and mar the harmony of the social circle, where naught but Christian love, and the spirit of peace should reign. If this be done, much of the highest enjoyment of life would be sacrificed through want of proper and timely consideration, and the wisdom that is from above, that teaches the important lesson : ' first pure, then peaceable.' We have been called by the spirit of Christ to renounce a worldly life, and unceasingly to pray that we may possess true charity, to ' forgive as we would be forgiven,' to ' be kindly affectioned one toward another;' and to arm ourselves beforehand, that, when temptations assail, we may have the power of resistance, and faith to buoy us up and bear our little bark safely above the waves of discord and strife, where the turbid waters of passion never roll. We shall all prove our sincerity, and evidence, by our daily life-practice, whether our professed, faith and works agree. If we cultivate and grow all the lovely spiritual graces of the gospel, we shall be shining lights to the world, and beautify the fold of Zion. Thus by nobly striving to attain unto the highest perfection of human character, possible in earth life, many will bless our efforts, and we hopefully trust, will be induced to do likewise. What is so beautiful as to see brethren and sisters dwelling and toiling together in bonds of unity, cemented by holy angelic love and affection, striving to promote each other's happiness and welfare in all things temporal and spiritual. I thank God for the priceless knowledge of the way of life and salvation through the medium of Divine revelation, enabling all who will strictly follow the light that shines, to gain power and victory over every vile passion, and bring them into reconciliation with God and his angels, and with their brethren and sisters. Such, whether on earth or in spirit-spheres, will be numbered with those ' who have come up through great tribulation, and having washed their robes and made them white in the blood,' or by living the life of the Lamb, their names will be exalted, and enrolled in the book of life. Orrin Beaver, Watervliet, N. Y.