SHAKERESS DEFINED THOUGHT A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS Thoughts are the parents of actions. Action, without profound consideration, is often disastrous in results. Speculative ideas and theories, however good they may be, unsupported by actual works, are like spectral objects, floating in the air, ever eluding the grasp — mere phantasy resembling the fairyland, and at best, a dream life. Good works are the product of ripened thought — the fruit of true desires. If we reason, as God has given us the power to do, our deductions are, that Sin is the cause of all the misery and suffering in the human family. Disease of every kind, pertaining to body or mind, whether inherited, or created through our own volition, is a distinctive mark of violated law! Instead of a beautiful earthly home, where Truth and Justice bear rule, we are now forced to open our vision upon a pandemonium — a stronghold of unclean birds — rapacious vultures—the legitimate progeny of Sin in its varied forms and degrees, and we see through a murky atmosphere, dark specters, casting gloomy shadows over the pathway of life. If we enter into the palaces of kings, the domiciles of the venerated priesthood, the cottages of the lowly, or the huts of savages, we find everywhere the same law existing. The foul breath of sin produces physical disease, moral deformity, and spiritual death. ' Wasting and destruction are in the land.' Thorns and briars spring up to pierce the feet of those who travel the highway of life, metaphorically speaking, and in the soil from which we derive physical sustenance, they choke the good seed, while the mildew, the locust and the caterpillar, blight and destroy, often causing a stinted harvest of food, inadequate to the needful demands of life. How shall this be remedied 1 The dignitaries, in the popular churches, say, Ignorance is the root of degenerate plants, and point to savage tribes as proof. Again, they direct attention to, and bemoan what they call heathenism in pagan lands, where Christ has not been preached. The apostle Paul, speaking of the worshipers of idols of gold, silver and precious stones, said : ' The times of this ignorance God winked at.' By this we may judge of the difference between the sin of ignorance and willful transgression. Jesus said : ' This is the condemnation, that light has come into the world.' Will a salaried priesthood, who eat the fat of the land through the labors of others, ever be found ready and willing to ' cry aloud, and spare not the transgressions of the people ? ' and to tell them that ' there is no peace for the wicked, and that every one will be rewarded according to their works 1 ' Let the professed spiritual leaders of the people come forth in the spirit of the Divine Teacher, and, firstly, by example, then by precept, admonish and instruct their flocks, that God will not accept any thing short of honesty, justice and equity ; that all who worship Him to His acceptance must do it in the spirit of sincerity and in the truth ; that all the passions of body and mind, and the individual will must be brought into subjection to the law of right — the law of Christ. Let him or her who has been accustomed to steal, do so no more. Let the incontinent man or woman become chaste in habitude and thought, and the lying tongue and deceitful lips be made to speak truth in lieu of falsehood, and the speculator, who lives upon unjust gains, put his own hands to work, and prove that honest, faithful labor is a blessing — God's boon to humanity — a moral elevator. As a. rule, they who live in idleness upon the labors of others are voluptuous and sensual, spending their time in riotous living, wasting their energies upon perverted appetites, and watching an opportunity to despoil the unwary, and add fuel to the smoldering embers which lurk in the bosoms of the physically and morally degenerate beings, whose spirits, when freed from the shattered clay tenement, will appear like smutty chimneysweeps. Will not waters as effective as those of Damascus and Jordan be requisite to cleanse and fit them for the society of the good and pure ? The good Master said : ' Go work in my vineyard.' We may weep over the fallen, and strive to alleviate by kind words; we may pity the poor, in word, and bestow charity from our abundant stores, but there are stronger claims, sterner duties resting upon those who occupy the position of advance guards of the public weal. If the sin and disease of the human heart have not gained full dominion, and there is hope yet for humanity, by emancipation from the serfdom of sin and wrong-doing, is it not high time for the loquacious rhetoric of pulpit orators, to give place to sound doctrine ? Educate the masses to know that they will have to atone for their own sins, by repenting and forsaking. Teach them that the virtue which will adorn the chambers of the heart and make it a fit receptacle for angel visitants, is true wealth. Turn the tide of thought, that gold and silver is the wealth that bears upon its breast the strongest power to sway the destinies of nations or individuals. The clergy, who pass through colleges and seminaries of learning, to fit them for the work of the ministry, instead of seeking until they find the baptism of the Holy Spirit — the unction of Divine Power — until the words which they speak really convey spirit and life to the hearers, are fast losing their hold upon the confidence of the people, and will be displaced by the rising spiritual prophets of the present age, who are coming up, all over the land, outside of the churches. True inspirational power will carry an unmistakable force with it, and be its own witness. The lo here's and lo there's will avail little in the sequel. By their fruits — not words — will all spiritual media be known There will not be much doubt in the minds of truthseekers and truth-doers, where the Christ of God is found. Those who are truly inspired — sent of God— will not turn aside from their purpose with fear, lest the leaf shall fade, the fig tree refuse to yield her fruit, and there be no grapes on the vine, knowing, full well, that the same hand that feeds the raven will supply the needs of those who trustingly work, watch and pray. God is the just rewarder of those who diligently seek and serve Him. 'IF I BE LIFTED DP I WILL DRAW ALL MEN UNTO ME.'—JESUS To our spiritual understanding, there are three clear, inferential statements in this remarkable and peculiar expression : Firstly, That there was a time when Jesus was not lifted up, or the thoroughly redeemed man he afterward became, else why the 'Jf I be lifted up?' Secondly, That by ' lifting up ' he meant something immeasurably more significant than the manner by which his spirit was to be released from the clay it was sojourning in. Thirdly, The immense magnetic power derived from a life lifted up above the ordinary conditions of materiality, and which induced him to believe, with the eye of faith, that he would eventually ' draw all men unto him.' That he was ' tempted on all points like as we are ' we believe, though the high Jewish discipline he had been subjected to had kept him, like Paul, ' blameless concerning the law,' still we can scarcely find any who have been more severely and continuously tempted. The apostle says a man ' is tempted when he is drawn aside by his own lust and enticed.' But as Jesus came off conqueror, he knows how to feel for, and ' succor those who are tempted, and with the temptation make a way for their escape.' The only Archimedian lever which can move the world of mankind, spiritually, and lift them up to the heights where they too may win souls to right doing, is the cross of selfdenial Jesus practiced and taught, and which yields by destroying self-love, disinterested love to God and man. E. H. Webster, Harvard, Mass. LOYE TOKEN Dear Eldress Antoinette : I would proffer love to you, and grateful acknowledgments for the benefit that I have derived from the perusal of the S. and S. It has been filled with mental instruction and soul-food, which to me have been like sweet manna. I am mindful that it has caused many hours of weariness and toil on your part to make it so good and acceptable. My thanks are due to all who aid the cause By pen, or works, and keeping laws, In building up the good and true In this our Zion home below. I would encourage those who are young to ever bear in mind while they are forming habits of life, that self-denial in the mind is the first requisite for the formation of a true and substantial character; always let pleasureseeding be subservient to duty and principle. Curb vain thoughts, and restrain sinful desires, then it will be easy to bridle the tongue and sow seeds of peace and love, instead of discord and strife. How beautiful it is to see those who are full of youthful vigor arid activity, turning the strength of their minds to self-culture — training themselves to become useful — to honor God, and to bless the race by their existence. To do this, the voice of conscience must be regarded in small things which will lead to the observance of counsels, rules and regulations which are constructed for the wellbeing and protection of society at large, and are way-marks in our consecrated Zion home. In this way, the evils of the human heart are subdued — character is made brilliant and beautiful, and the soul is happified and filled with peace and joy. All such souls are an ornament and strength in Zion, and a blessing to humanity ; their influence is healthful and saving wherever they are. Eliza R. Avery, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. SOCIAL GATHERING A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS Cecelia : I know that you all would be pleased to hear A little acrostic, quaint and clear, That Martha whispered into my ear, About this day of reaping. Now, Martha, will you be so kind as to tell The words that Our Social Gathering spell? They sound to me like a silver bell, Their music my mind is keeping. Martha : Out of the growth of a hundred years, Union with ripened fruit appears ; Righteousness, sown in toil and tears Spreads, like the oak, its leaves, Over the hills and plains of earth. Change to the seeds of good gave birth Increasing harvests of priceless worth ; Angels garnered the sheaves. Light and knowledge, through human law, Gave, as the prophets of old foresaw, A safe retreat from oppression's war, That the ranks of the martyrs swelled. Here, in a land of liberty, Earth has proclaimed her children free ; Rights that they cherished sacredly, In lawful chains are held. Now we behold, while peace bears sway, dad omens of millennial day. Margaret: We bring to our annual gatherings The treasures of life and love, Ami gifts of our spirits mingle With those of the Heavenly Dove. They're a garner for thought, a garner for truth, Kept sacred by holy resolves, Made pure by the faith that unites us as one, The union that never dissolves. Incentives to action, to labor and prayer, We gather from year unto year, While a knowledge of life, its duties and care, Disrobes the dim future of fear. They are like a morning of beauty and light, A morning that never departs, But bears on its wings the promise of life, And the rest that true conquest imparts. And ever anon we hear the glad sound Of blessing from kindred afar, Who long for a share of the pleasure we reap, Which pleasure no evils will mar. With joy in our hearts, we await them each year; United together we say, O! let them continue, they are unto us A light to illumine our way. Ann : Among the peace gifts of my life, Is one that glitters bright; Its glory lingers in my heart Like everlasting light. The thought—I mingle on this spot With those I love most dear — Arises like the morning sun Unto my vision clear. SHAKER A.ND O! may the gift that here is won, Upon me rest in peace, And may a deeper sacrifice Bring to me truth's increase. And cherished in life's memory Shall be this hour of love, When gifts of holy pleasure come Prom Zion pure above. Er,vAH: When the shadows of evening are gathering 'round, And the breath of the rose is hidden or blown; When hushed is the sound of labor and care, And quietude seals the day that is flown,— Then cometh the hour that gladly I meet, The hour for angels to reign in our home, Who breathe o'er the souls my heart fondly loves, And whisper the joy of the future to come. 'Tis then I can view the fair Zion of God, Increasing in glory, in honor and light; 'Tis then I'm inspired to toil to the day When truth will be monarch and right will be might. We will sing of eternal progression... VlGOROSO. echo, four voices. We will sing of eternal progression, Till its joy the whole earth can fill, earth can fill, We know the gift of our parents, And its virtues our spirits thrill, spirits thrill. Over mountains and wide rolling rivers The sound of its glory will roll, glory will roll, The wings of freedom will bear it onward To meet a response in each soul, in each soul. Till the nations re-echo the echo. echo. music, Sweet peace and love will reign, will reign, Pure love to welcome the increase, And peace to hallow its gain, hallow its gain. Progression [part 6 of 6] A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS Cecelia: I thought from Margaret's speaking, A little while ago, There was at least one place on earth Where Sharon's rose could grow ; Where hearts, by consecration, Could draw the angels near; And, since we heard that blessed song, I know that place is here. Margaret: There is no spot on earth so dear As this on which we stand, Made hallowed by the meeting here Of friends from spirit land. Could their material forms be seen, What joy it \yould create. Why not? 'tis just a step between This and the future state, A step that every one must take, For we must leave each earthly scene ; Then, let our faith unbar the gate, And love push back the screen. Charlotte : The great beyond ! 'Tis near our life, I long to see and hear Fulfillment of the promises By prophet and by seer. 'Tis not for sight of spirit forms, This yearning is within, But the uplifting of the race From sickness and from sin. I know that poverty will fall Beneath this mighty flow, And earth no longer reel and toss With her strong weight of woe. For yon bright souls can better find And melt the hearts of ire, Than dwellers here below, who ne'er Have doffed the earth's attire. When mortals know they're really seen By beings up above, The wrongs of life will yet be changed And hearts will grow in love. And, though from me that law is hid That governs this great power, I know 'tis true ! and so I wait The spirit's day and hour. Elvah: Who knows but what this world will blended be With that unseen above ? And hence eternity Will be as dwelling here upon the earth, From birth to death, and thence again to birth. For if, by passing on from sphere to sphere, We understand we die, yet live again, Our life with all creation will combine To show that vital forces will remain. How grand and e'en sublime we view to-day, With eyes of full belief, the spirit forms That come from that dim, vague and wond'rous land, In human shape that life-blood freely warms ! Melissa : There's nothing new, the sage hath said, And growth with this is rife ; The theme that fills the mind to-day, And throbs the pulse of life, Was regnant when the Nazarene Received the spirit birth, While the old corridors of life Portrayed its ancient worth. From Genesis to Revelation, From Revelation on through time, We see its phases, while its truth With our best thoughts can chime. Cecelia: As Catharine claims a long descent From those who dwelt in Israel's tent, It was but right to have her sent To search the book of Moses. The spirit powe^r that there is found Is like the giant race it crowned; It stands, the ages to confound, By all that it discloses. So, Catharine, tell us what you saw, And what the inference you draw, How far you probed the potent law That mystery incloses. Catharine : Adown the vista of the past We see through time's dim mists, That with the human race this soul Of science co-exists. The records of antiquity Are all agleam with stories Of how the spirit power wrought out Its wonders and its glories. The tutelary deity That anciently o'er-ruled ; That in the laws of mundane life The tribes of Israel schooled, With Moses many times communed, As clad in man's attire; And, sometimes, brilliantly appeared Within a bush of fire. 'I Am,' he simply called his name, When profferintr the mission Through which his chosen ones could find Deliverance and remission. When unto Moses he gave power King Pharaoh's heart to move, In visitations that he sent To punish and reprove, The magic rod, that Moses used, His wonders to perform, When struck upon the ground, received A serpent's life and form. The plagues of flies and frogs were sent, The waters turned to blood, And locusts swarmed upon the earth, Consuming all the food. O'er Egypt sable veils were drawn— Three days were as the nightWhile Israel's children all abode In dwellings filled with light. But Pharaoh's heart was still too hard To let the captives go, Until the Lord, by heavier hand, His judgment strong would show. But when he found in every house A flrst-born struck with death, That e'en his son upon the throne No more had life and breath, He rose in midnight's darksome hour, His servants to command, That Moses with all Israel Might quickly flee the land. All through their dreary exodus, To guide their feet aright, A pillar moved as cloud by day, That brightly glowed at night. They marched through trackless wilderness Until they heard the roar Of waves, that from the Red Sea rolled To wash its pebbly shore. And, then, they heard the marshal tread Of Pharaoh's host draw near; But Moses, filled with faith and hope, Delivered them from fear. The guiding angel, that was clothed In cloud and radiance bright, Cast darkness on the enemy, While giving Israel light; Then Moses stood, with outstretched arm, Commanding the great sea To rise in walls on right and left And clean divided be Till every child in Israel Had passed upon dry ground; But, when its might returned again, The enemy were drowned. Martha: By these great works the people knew Their Lord before them moved, His power to save in danger's hour Unto their hearts was proved. But, when encamped upon the land To which they had been led, Their hunger prompted murmurings For Egypt's meat and bread. The Lord, who always heard their cries, Replied with blessings free, Appearing to them in a cloud Whose glory all could see. With evening shade there fell soft due, Like hoar-frost on the ground. And in the morning everywhere Fresh manna could be found. 'Twas gathered from the atmosphere— We'll say, ' materialized '— And thus, for forty years, their bread Was daily improvised. Ann: When journeying o'er the desert waste They found no water-brooks, And bitter murmurings Moses felt Expressed in words and looks. He bade them wait until the Lord Could satisfy their thirst, Then with his rod smote Horeb's rock Till water from it burst. A living spring came bubbling out, A sparkling, flowing tide ; Its source was in the viewless power Which all their needs supplied. Catharine: From types and shadows in the past Comparison we draw To Zion fair, whose growth shall prove Fulfillment of the law. The little ark, before us placed, Brings to our vision clear The ark that was the cabinet Through which the Lord drew near. The principles of righteousness, And testimony pure. Were in the ark of covenant Held sacred and secure. On these, from precious metal wrought, Was placed the Mercy Seat, Whereon the Lord could speak His will, And with His chosen meet. The Cherubs, 'neath Shekinah's light, In beauty there express The dual life of Deity, The Altar of redress. Another type of ancient time In Zion is redeemed. The breast-plate by the high-priest worn, Through which the Lord convened. Its form was of a perfect square ; This meant equality, That all the tribes of Israel Might perfect justice see : Twelve precious stones composed this plate, Twelve tribes thereon were named, Through these, in time of counsel, God's answer was proclaimed. Shekinah's light the letters marked That spelt each needed word, When Prophet, Priest or Ruler, In duty sought the Lord. Ideals of the past give place To grand reality, The substance of those shadows dim, In brightness now we see. We feel and know, by inner sense, Their meaning deep and blest; For with the Lord's Anointed Ones The Ark and treasures rest. And Mfcy Seat, O sacred gift! Its wort I) is more than gold, More purely than could Cherubim Their wings our hearts enfold The breast-plates by their spirits worn Of judgment from above, Metes to our souls God's justice true, Clothed in parental love. In the Shekinah's light they dwell, And by it they can read— Not lettered symbols as of old— But life with all its need. Margaret: This growth of innate spirit power In beauty was displayed, When on the Altar of the Lord Their rods twelve princes laid ; When Aaron's chosen by the will Of overruling powers,—¦ Was caused to yield the bud and fruit Of fragrant almond flowers. Thus far these time-famed miracles, To which we have referred, Through Moses' gift of mediumship Have principally occurred; But, when his days of leadership Were drawing to a close, The mantle rested on the one Whom God in wisdom chose. And, thus, when Joshua led them forth To find the promised land, Like the Red Sea, were Jordan's waves, Divided, caused to stand. Milissa : Still further on, we read of those Who could materialize; Who, having left the earth, again Could wear the mortal guise. With Samuel this was the case; He through the witch of Endor came, Her powers secretly were sought, With safety promised in God's name. He showed himself unto King Saul, And openly conversed, While Saul, who asked his counsel wise His grievances rehearsed. Elvah: And have not all the story read Of Elijah by the ravens fed, And how the widow's oil increased When its supply had almost ceased, And meal that only once could feed Was multiplied as growth of seed? And when Elijah went his way Within the wilderness to stay, Requesting of the Lord to die And with his fathers dwell on high, He laid him 'neath a tree and slept, While angel guards their vigils kept. Their soft touch caused him to awake, And, lo ! beside him was a cake, And water pure within a cruise, Which they had brought there for his use. Charlotte : Those were pleasant incidents, And, though they seem but small, To me they're quite as wonderful As Honto with her shawl; And little yet, at Chittenden, Has been materialized, But that the past, in prototype, Has fully realized. The spirit friends and chariots, seen By all the Eddy brothers, Soon before they had to part With one of their grandmothers, Did not require higher law Or stronger spirit forces, Than those which caught Elijah up With chariot's fiery horses. Margaret: A strange event, of which we read, To us is now made clearer, By one who lived five hundred years Before the Christian era. She who appears as mountain witch, Whose home was in the East, Was present when Belshazzar, king, Held his ungodly feast. And through her influence there came The writing on the wall, Predicting that a judgment hand So soon on him would fall. To mountain clefts she had to flee From persecution's storm ; But now she often comes to earth, Her mission to perform. Ann: With spiritual phenomena The olden times were rife, In several oases written then The dead were raised to life. Daniel, in the lion's den, All night in safety dwelt; The Hebrew sons through fire walked, Its flames by them unfelt. The miracles that Jesus wrought We have not specified ; But that they were realities, I think we coincide. We know that all of them occurred By laws yet unrevealed ; Within the future's treasury, From us they are concealed. Charlotte : We've learned that death is not the end of man; There is an after-life we all must know; A spirit-world, where countless souls abound Who've learned the bearings of a life below. These bible records of the spirit power Confirm the truth within—we live and breathe With friends departed, who our pathway cheer, And joy amid our sorrows gladly wreathe. From fire and storm and fierce destructive powers A Saviour in a dream or warning oft they give : This dawning law will yet become our guide. The shadow with the substance now doth live ; We know that to the substance we are dim or dark, But grasp the shadow with an anxious fear; Our purblind vision can but dimly mark What in the spirit life is full and clear. CHANGE While earthly charms surround us, And all is bright and fair, That beautlfles our dwelling In this terrestrial sphere, For spirit is the power, And each material thing Is subject to the changes That hidden forces bring. Mayhap to search the future, Untraversed fields to roam, Or led by angel guardians, Revisit our earth home. 'We know these are but shadows, So, are our mortal dwellings, To mingle with our kindred, That, in the grand beyond, The substance without shadow Will to the soul respond. By spirit here controlled, 'Till silently we leave them For mysteries yet untold, Appear before their eyes, As, when we with them journeyed In earth's material guise. RESPECTFUL MANNERS To young persons, and to some, not so very young, a correspondent offers the following : In speaking to many, or to few, let your words be chaste, respectful, and distinctly articulated. Common justice requires this — self-respect requires it. As to coming in, salutation, being seated, rising and taking leave, we deem no instructions needful. Well-disposed persons will, intuitively, be well behaved. With such as are so deficient in self-respect as not to be well disposed, we have, at present, no vocation. To correspondents — to contributors — to all, who write, expecting others to read, we respectfully suggest, that you wait till you are quite sure you have an idea— an idea that will interest some body besides your own dear self. When sure you have an idea, put that idea in the fewest possible words. Put the words together mechanically, in pursuance of the laws of language. Let your sentences be short. Don't send your readers away back to hunt for your nominative case, or antecedent. In this fast age, such is the deluge of would be reading matter, that writers, if they would have readers, must write, not wholly for their own edification — Ed. Parsees 'As a race, the Parsees are intelligent, active and energetic ; with business capacities far above the average, they are usually successful in amassing wealth, while they are extremly benevolent in dispensing their gains for both public and private charities. For private benefaction they have, however, but little call among themselves, since a Parsee pauper would be an unheard-of anomaly. They burn upon their sacred altars fire which they brought from Persia, and which has never been extinguished since it was kindled by Zoroaster from the sun 4000 years ago. They think it can never go out till it has consumed all evil from the earth and the good has become universally triumphant. * * * Memory fails to recall the case of a single fire worshipper who was not strictly upright in his dealings. * * * Commencing with the worship of the sun and of fire as his emblem, the Parsee grew into a sort of reverence for the elements of air, earth and water. The air must not be contaminated by foul odors, and of necessity no filth could be tolerated anywhere, in houses, street or suburb, and to this reverence for the purity of the atmosphere may be traced the absolute cleanliness for which fire worshippers are everywhere noted.' Investigator