SHAKERESS DEFINED THOUGHT A. DOOLITTLE, EDITRESS Thoughts are the parents of actions. Action, without profound consideration, is often disastrous in results. Speculative ideas and theories, however good they may be, unsupported by actual works, are like spectral objects, floating in the air, ever eluding the grasp — mere phantasy resembling the fairyland, and at best, a dream life. Good works are the product of ripened thought — the fruit of true desires. If we reason, as God has given us the power to do, our deductions are, that Sin is the cause of all the misery and suffering in the human family. Disease of every kind, pertaining to body or mind, whether inherited, or created through our own volition, is a distinctive mark of violated law! Instead of a beautiful earthly home, where Truth and Justice bear rule, we are now forced to open our vision upon a pandemonium — a stronghold of unclean birds — rapacious vultures—the legitimate progeny of Sin in its varied forms and degrees, and we see through a murky atmosphere, dark specters, casting gloomy shadows over the pathway of life. If we enter into the palaces of kings, the domiciles of the venerated priesthood, the cottages of the lowly, or the huts of savages, we find everywhere the same law existing. The foul breath of sin produces physical disease, moral deformity, and spiritual death. ' Wasting and destruction are in the land.' Thorns and briars spring up to pierce the feet of those who travel the highway of life, metaphorically speaking, and in the soil from which we derive physical sustenance, they choke the good seed, while the mildew, the locust and the caterpillar, blight and destroy, often causing a stinted harvest of food, inadequate to the needful demands of life. How shall this be remedied 1 The dignitaries, in the popular churches, say, Ignorance is the root of degenerate plants, and point to savage tribes as proof. Again, they direct attention to, and bemoan what they call heathenism in pagan lands, where Christ has not been preached. The apostle Paul, speaking of the worshipers of idols of gold, silver and precious stones, said : ' The times of this ignorance God winked at.' By this we may judge of the difference between the sin of ignorance and willful transgression. Jesus said : ' This is the condemnation, that light has come into the world.' Will a salaried priesthood, who eat the fat of the land through the labors of others, ever be found ready and willing to ' cry aloud, and spare not the transgressions of the people ? ' and to tell them that ' there is no peace for the wicked, and that every one will be rewarded according to their works 1 ' Let the professed spiritual leaders of the people come forth in the spirit of the Divine Teacher, and, firstly, by example, then by precept, admonish and instruct their flocks, that God will not accept any thing short of honesty, justice and equity ; that all who worship Him to His acceptance must do it in the spirit of sincerity and in the truth ; that all the passions of body and mind, and the individual will must be brought into subjection to the law of right — the law of Christ. Let him or her who has been accustomed to steal, do so no more. Let the incontinent man or woman become chaste in habitude and thought, and the lying tongue and deceitful lips be made to speak truth in lieu of falsehood, and the speculator, who lives upon unjust gains, put his own hands to work, and prove that honest, faithful labor is a blessing — God's boon to humanity — a moral elevator. As a. rule, they who live in idleness upon the labors of others are voluptuous and sensual, spending their time in riotous living, wasting their energies upon perverted appetites, and watching an opportunity to despoil the unwary, and add fuel to the smoldering embers which lurk in the bosoms of the physically and morally degenerate beings, whose spirits, when freed from the shattered clay tenement, will appear like smutty chimneysweeps. Will not waters as effective as those of Damascus and Jordan be requisite to cleanse and fit them for the society of the good and pure ? The good Master said : ' Go work in my vineyard.' We may weep over the fallen, and strive to alleviate by kind words; we may pity the poor, in word, and bestow charity from our abundant stores, but there are stronger claims, sterner duties resting upon those who occupy the position of advance guards of the public weal. If the sin and disease of the human heart have not gained full dominion, and there is hope yet for humanity, by emancipation from the serfdom of sin and wrong-doing, is it not high time for the loquacious rhetoric of pulpit orators, to give place to sound doctrine ? Educate the masses to know that they will have to atone for their own sins, by repenting and forsaking. Teach them that the virtue which will adorn the chambers of the heart and make it a fit receptacle for angel visitants, is true wealth. Turn the tide of thought, that gold and silver is the wealth that bears upon its breast the strongest power to sway the destinies of nations or individuals. The clergy, who pass through colleges and seminaries of learning, to fit them for the work of the ministry, instead of seeking until they find the baptism of the Holy Spirit — the unction of Divine Power — until the words which they speak really convey spirit and life to the hearers, are fast losing their hold upon the confidence of the people, and will be displaced by the rising spiritual prophets of the present age, who are coming up, all over the land, outside of the churches. True inspirational power will carry an unmistakable force with it, and be its own witness. The lo here's and lo there's will avail little in the sequel. By their fruits — not words — will all spiritual media be known There will not be much doubt in the minds of truthseekers and truth-doers, where the Christ of God is found. Those who are truly inspired — sent of God— will not turn aside from their purpose with fear, lest the leaf shall fade, the fig tree refuse to yield her fruit, and there be no grapes on the vine, knowing, full well, that the same hand that feeds the raven will supply the needs of those who trustingly work, watch and pray. God is the just rewarder of those who diligently seek and serve Him. 'IF I BE LIFTED DP I WILL DRAW ALL MEN UNTO ME.'—JESUS To our spiritual understanding, there are three clear, inferential statements in this remarkable and peculiar expression : Firstly, That there was a time when Jesus was not lifted up, or the thoroughly redeemed man he afterward became, else why the 'Jf I be lifted up?' Secondly, That by ' lifting up ' he meant something immeasurably more significant than the manner by which his spirit was to be released from the clay it was sojourning in. Thirdly, The immense magnetic power derived from a life lifted up above the ordinary conditions of materiality, and which induced him to believe, with the eye of faith, that he would eventually ' draw all men unto him.' That he was ' tempted on all points like as we are ' we believe, though the high Jewish discipline he had been subjected to had kept him, like Paul, ' blameless concerning the law,' still we can scarcely find any who have been more severely and continuously tempted. The apostle says a man ' is tempted when he is drawn aside by his own lust and enticed.' But as Jesus came off conqueror, he knows how to feel for, and ' succor those who are tempted, and with the temptation make a way for their escape.' The only Archimedian lever which can move the world of mankind, spiritually, and lift them up to the heights where they too may win souls to right doing, is the cross of selfdenial Jesus practiced and taught, and which yields by destroying self-love, disinterested love to God and man. E. H. Webster, Harvard, Mass. LOYE TOKEN Dear Eldress Antoinette : I would proffer love to you, and grateful acknowledgments for the benefit that I have derived from the perusal of the S. and S. It has been filled with mental instruction and soul-food, which to me have been like sweet manna. I am mindful that it has caused many hours of weariness and toil on your part to make it so good and acceptable. My thanks are due to all who aid the cause By pen, or works, and keeping laws, In building up the good and true In this our Zion home below. I would encourage those who are young to ever bear in mind while they are forming habits of life, that self-denial in the mind is the first requisite for the formation of a true and substantial character; always let pleasureseeding be subservient to duty and principle. Curb vain thoughts, and restrain sinful desires, then it will be easy to bridle the tongue and sow seeds of peace and love, instead of discord and strife. How beautiful it is to see those who are full of youthful vigor arid activity, turning the strength of their minds to self-culture — training themselves to become useful — to honor God, and to bless the race by their existence. To do this, the voice of conscience must be regarded in small things which will lead to the observance of counsels, rules and regulations which are constructed for the wellbeing and protection of society at large, and are way-marks in our consecrated Zion home. In this way, the evils of the human heart are subdued — character is made brilliant and beautiful, and the soul is happified and filled with peace and joy. All such souls are an ornament and strength in Zion, and a blessing to humanity ; their influence is healthful and saving wherever they are. Eliza R. Avery, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.