SPIRIT OF THE FARM Experiments in milking cows, twice and thrice a day, were sufficiently in favor of the third milking to more than double the value, over the extra cost. An analysis of the milk in summer, also proved the third milking favorable to health. __ From careful experiments, made under the supervision of Lord Kincaid, of Scotland, we have most valuable conclusions concerning manures* covered, or lying in open yards: Potatoes treated with barnyard manure: One acre produced 272 bushels. One acre produced 292 bushels. Potatoes manured from the covered sheds: One acre produced 442 bushels. One acre produced 471 bushels. The next year the land was sown with wheat, when the crop was as follows: Wheat on land treated with barnyard manure: One acre produced 41 bushels, 18 pounds (of 61 pounds per bushel). One acre produced 42 bushels, 38 pounds (of 61 pounds per bushel). Wheat on land manured from covered sheds: One acre produced 55 bushels, 5 pounds (of 61 pounds per bushel). One acre produced 58 bushels, 47 pounds (of 61 pounds per bushel). The straw also yielded one-third more upon the land fertilized with the manure from the covered stalls than upon that to which the ordinary manure was applied. ... A western farmer, raising and keeping on his estate, a stock of three thousand kine, testifies that his experience proves that cornstalks, cut into pieces, similar to chaff, and made into slop, produce more milk, and keep the stock in better condition than the best of hay. Sheep, also, thrive better on stalks, of sweet variety, when cut very fine, than on clover! Is not this why milkmen use so many? __Farmers growing onions may be assured, that hen manure and ashes, thoroughly mixed, and freely sown when onions begin to 'bottom,' will insure a finer crop than aught else 'in the world.' .... Coal ashes, though pronounced useless by ' studied ' scientists, are found to be very valuable by practical gardeners, when used freely on potatoes, tomatoes, cabbages and vegetables generally. .... An intelligent farming insect — the spelling beel __'I thought agricultural editors were intellectual beings, said a Missouri hotel-keeper, 'but — but—,' and then he stood back and surveyed the immense pile of bones he had left. __To test the quality of a pear, take pen and ink; if it will bear writing well, it is a good pear, so says the best pomological authority, the Revue de V Horticulture Beige. __The less salt you feed any kind of stock, including human, the better. Salt, in abundance, will soon dry a good milch cow! __ The cheapest and best manure combined is found to be clover, sown with oats. Plough in, first of June, the following year, and plant roots for first crop. Sow clover seed liberally. __Ticonderoga farmers have converted their church into a cheese factory, and their race course into a cow pasture. ----To ripen cream best, set the milk at 64°, and skim in 36 hours; this is the best; next best, keep at a temperature of 60°, and skim in 48 hours. Milk, set deep, is most approved. __It is not generally known that the famous ' Mother ' apple was named by A. J. Downing, after Mother Ann Lee, and presented to the Shakers by him. .... Instead of rowing contests for the Centennial, we propose that collegians try which College can raise the most corn or potatoes on a given number of acres. ----Weak soft-soapsuds have 'fixed' the green worm on cabbage the past season.