LOST OPPORTUNITIES That the first mission of the Christ was of an entirely missionary character, while the second was to be solely devoted to organisation, are ideas of too general acceptation by believers, but they are incorrect. They have been the causes of many lost opportunities for human salvation. We are living illustrations of the fact, that the sexes can live on earth in all purity, reflecting the type of the heavenly model; we have evidenced to the world the possibility and Christian necessity of establishing, on a durable basis, a pentecostal commune, wherein we can realize how good it is for Christians to dwell together in unity; and are led by the spirit to confess our sins, and to urge our souls into a living repentance therefrom. We realize, through our temporal and spiritual blessings, that the gospel is very good to us; and we may be, through this realization, fostering a selfishness that loses to us opportunities of telling the good news: 'Whosoever WILL, LET THEM COME! ' The second advent of Christ teaches evangelism, even at much expense to us; for, if the gospel is so good to us, is it not our duty to use and to make every opportunity serviceable in spreading the gospel? We have been 'watching, and waiting, and praying in earnest,' that the heavens would do something for us, and without any further expense to us; and we have found that the evangelism that lias cost so little, true to the philosophy of cause and effect, has been equally valuable in its results. The heavens are undoubtedly ' waiting in earnest ' for us to lose no more opportunities for saving souls and blessing the Cause. One of 'the wise men of the East'r sends us a timely warning, in this number of The Shaker, to be on the alert during the season of revivals which is apparently approaching, and to cast in our nets. Bear in mind that a people possessing so many waves of pentecostal influence to baptize souls with, we, as Shakers, have been to the least expense in evangelism of any church in our own or any other land. We know of a people less than one-tenth our number and ability, who, in one line of evangelization, as seems to them good, spend annually more than double the cost of our Monthly for a twelve-month', and for which they desire and receive only spiritual returns. One family of our Order, which has expended most in the diffusion of our gospel principles, testifies that every dollar and exertion have been more than returned. Others, individuals, assert their willingness to give one meal daily; to do with less in several respects, if necessity requires, so that the gospel eagle may continue to fly. Our time and ability, that may be requisite, are given; nevertheless, relying on the generosity of brethren at home, abroad, and ''those not of our fold as yet,' we believe we shall be substantially paid. Let us all have sufficient faith in God, and love for humanity, to spend and be spent for the Cause. We will, undoubtedly, receive help from those ' without,' who would be numbered with those 'within.' But let us first show all humanitarians that we have a confidence in the truths we preach, equal to our last dollar and exertion, and as God liveth there wilkoe no more lost opportunities, and the returns from every effort will he manifold.