REVIVALS HENRY C. BLINN 'Get the revival down,' seems to be a very appropriate form of advice, for those who are looking forward for a renewal of the pentecostal spirit, which is said to be so greatly needed in our favored land of civil and religious liberty. Get the revival down into the heart, that it may work for the purification of both body and soul. A general impression pervades the community, that the coming winter is to be peculiarly propitious in aiding the preparatory work, or, may be, in blessing us with the outpouring of a wonderful spiritual ministration. Some of the teachers even in our own church have been anticipating, for some time past, the consummation of a revival that would equal, if not exceed, in the area of its operations, a larger section of country than did the revival of the war spirit during the 'great rebellion.' Very few would presume to say that the renewal of promises and pledges, that the awakening .into a deeper conviction for truthfulness and honesty, was not needed, and certainly these should be the fruits of a religious revival. Get the revival down into the very springs of life, and help to baptize ourselves into an element that will not only wash externally, but will, as well, burn up all filthiness of the flesh and of the mind. The good old prophet has said that 'the knowledge of the Lord will cover the land as the waters cover the sea.' All hail to the dawn of this glorious day, when a revival of intelligence, of reason, of faith and good works shall be among us, and all in harmony with the government of Christ's kingdom, to which there is to be no end. God makes the revival. Through His grace and the powerful operations of His spirit .only, will any good be accomplished; but, with all this, God depends upon living active and earnest agents to vivify his work among men. To the people of God —¦ spiritually dead or dying — a revival has a deep significance. Indeed, a revival of the spirit of religious interest should be hailed with more joy than a revival in trade, or a gala day of enjoyments. It is the life element of any order of people, professors or non-professors, and is essential, even, to the happiness of the individual. Our Shaker order dates its origin to the outpouring of the spirit of God; and for its establishment and its continuance in this country, we are indebted to those peculiar seasons which are termed religious revivals.