SOCIETY RECORD Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Mt. Lebanon : The new ' Zion's ' House is still an all-absorbing theme of the Church Family. They purpose finishing only the Sanctuary this winter, which will be ready for use by the early part of the new year, at least—warmed by steam, lighted by gas. Some minor, but necessary, buildings are now being built. The North Family have been doing a wonder. A large reservoir capable of holding more than 7,582 hogsheads, or nearly a half million gallons of water, has been built about 600 feet from the dwellings, and at a hight sufficient to throw, by its own weight, over the highest of their buildings. The reservoir is fed from a pond a quarter of a mile distant, and conveyed from the reservoir through iron pipes five and six inches in diameter. Watervliet, N. Y. Watervliet, N. Y.: It is ever pleasant to record a free use of paint. The Church Family of this place looks almost new, some seven or eight large buildings having been re-covered with paint. An external observer remarked : ' They are making Zion shine 1' Jesse Wells, nearly a hundred years old, the last of the famous family of that name, is the oldest man in Albany county. Hancock, Mass. Hancock : 300 rods of stone wall, and halfstone wall, have been built recently; several new buildings erected, and much painting done. Several roofs of slate and tin have been applied. A pamphlet on ' The Origin of Life and Species' has just been published here. Few places can report znore enterprise than Hancock. Enfield, N. H. Enfield, N. H.: The most noted feature we learn from here is the departure for superior heaven of Mother Abigail Bowdoin, whose death will be found in our obituary section. She was sixteen months old when Believers first opened their testimony in N. H., 02 years and 9 months previous to her death. Shirley, Mass. SniRLEY Village : A large reservoir is being erected here also. Water is brought from a never-failing spring three-fourths of a mile. After removing about 2,000 loads of muck for the bed of the immense cistern, a kind of clay was reached, which, when burnt, sur- passes the famous Bath brick, commonly used for cleaning cutlery.