EVERYDAY RELIGION ASCENATH C. STICKNEY This is the great necessity of the present age — the one thing needful to develop the Christian man or woman into that noble type of godliness, which characterized our Lord and Savior. Christianity, in its perfection, is unlimited in character, and can never be confined to theories, creeds, nor cramped within the precincts of costly churches. The present state of society demands that now, more than ever, religion be available on every day of the week; that it enter every avenue of intelligence, and penetrate every by-way of civilized life every day. The 'Divine' needs it outside of the pulpit; the editor requires it in his sanctum, that, by its influence, his sentiments may go forth to the public, imbued with those elements of divine wisdom which tend to elevate as well as enlighten. The merchant wants it to preside in his 'counting-room ' over his gains and losses. The teacher should seek it for a monitor in his school, where a pacific influence is so requisite for harmonizing those restless, miniature worlds called pupils. The doctor, the farmer, the parent, the citizen, all need this universal panacea, for the varied ills emanating from low unspiritual conditions. The Shakers, as individuals and as a body, need it, and should have it, regardless of an inherent love of ease, of selfish gain, or any worldly considerations. Finally, the whole world suffers for a religious life and education, broad enough to mantle every day of the week, as completely as the new-fallen snow mantles the hills and dales of our own country in winter. As the new year advances, then, my friends, let us make individual efforts to secure this blessing to our various homes. 'Every-day religion ' can be truthfully recommended as a ' new thing under the sun,' and worth more than many inventions for getting gain. It aids labor, increases soul-wealth, and promotes health of body and mind. Therefore, let us resolve that religion, as a mere fact, shall no longer reside alone in church, nor find expression only in pulpit oratory; but that, henceforth, its theories be reduced to practice, and its most difficult problems illustrated by faithfulness in performing the varied duties of life, whether domestic, social or religious. In conclusion, let us endeavor to buy and sell, speak and act, think and live, according to its dictates for one year; and we may anticipate a near millennium for this crimeladen, sin-stricken world, and a rapid advance toward that one condition so much desired, namely, happiness.