STARTING AN APPLE NURSERY NICHOLAS A. BRIGGS Select a good, rich soil and well drained. If not already rich, make it so by a generous application of well-decomposed barnyard manure; none of your patent fertilizers. Late in autumn sow pomace from selected apples, in drills three feet apart, and cover with one inch of earth. But a small portion of the ground intended for the nursery will be required the first year. When the young trees appear in the spring, thin them out, leaving them one inch apart. A few wTeeks later thin to four inches, taking care to reserve the largest and healthiest plants; for the superior thriftiness manifest at this stage of growth wrill be likely to continue with the growth of the trees. Hoe frequently during the season. As winter again approaches, dig up the young trees; pack them with sand in small boxes, place them in a cellar, and occasionally sprinkle the sand to keep it moderately moist. At any time during the winter the trees may be engrafted as follows: Obtain good, thrifty cions of the previous season's growth from trees of the desired variety, cutting them into pieces of two or three buds each. Make a cement of pitch or resin and tallow, sufficiently soft to spread with a brush while warm. Spread a thin coat of this material on tough paper, and cut into strips of about one-fourth of an inch in width. Now take from the sand one of the little trees, and with a sharp knife cut it squarely off above the root, at the place indicating the surface of the ground while growing. Make a transverse incision in the root portion an inch below the first cut, inclining the knife slightly downward. Split the stock lengthwdse, so as to remove one-half. Select a cion of corresponding size, and prepare it in the same manner, so that when the twTo pieces are joined they will nicely fit each other. Now take a strip of the prepared paper, and, commencing below the incision, wind it spirally, so as to completely cover the joined parts and hold them firmly in place. Replace the trees in the sand, cover fully the spliced section, and in the spring the pieces will be found to have adhered, ready to growT, when again placed in the sand. Care should be taken, particularly during the first season after engrafting, to keep the splice covered with earth.