OUR STANDARD BEARER Friends, of whatever name, sect, sex, color or condition, 'lend us a hearing:' Christ having laid the grandest of foundations, we purpose standing thereon; thence we will move more heavenward, less earthward, and thence lift our Standard upon whose folds is inscribed an undying opposition to the popular inclination — secession from Christ-practices for selfish purposes — against which inclination the Christlife enters a continual and righteous protest. On our Standard we would represent the principles of Jesus '' lifted up,' hoping to draw the attention, at least, of 'all men and women unto them.' Nor would we be chargeable with faults of commission nor omission. If our Standard invites to any thing which, finds no relation to the Christlife, we will reject it as soon as discovered; and if we fail to append sufficient cross, self-denial, or progress unto increasing salvation, we are open to such conviction, and will immediately make the addenda. We have risen in love with the life of Christ — it is our criterion — and The Shaker is our bearer of ' glad tidings of great joy.' In all our theological reasoning we shall urge the beauties of the Christ-life; and the power that proceeds from true holiness will be the force with which we will attract, invite and convert the world ! It will readily be admitted that The Shaker is pre-eminent as a periodical in its peculiar field, towering '' above all the surrounding hills ' of journalism, in its testimony of radical Christianity. This testimony condemns no good thing of nature, but presents, as superlatively spiritual and Christ-like, the following general principles: A Virgin Like, as opposed to all fleshly lusts. It accepts the whole Communal system of the church of pentecost — the model church — adding thereto the grand feature of organization for both sexes. Peace of household and nation is equally advocated by it. It teaches the efficacy of Confession, and the eternal relinquishment of error, and to keep unspotted from the world, by a clean separation of its Church from all State politics and governmental ptlicy. Until there shall appear a publication demanding a purer life than The Shaker advocates, more peace, more 'all things in common,' less rich and less poor, and a higher degree of unspottedness from all worldly lusts, Brethren, Sisters, be proud of and work for our Standard Bearer. Send it your best thoughts on religion and sci- ence generally, on philosophy, physiology, on cooking and all domestic duties; on farming, gardening, building, mechanical improvements and moral truisms. Illustrate more fully our social life as it is, or should be ; sing blessed songs, and proclaim our terrestrial and eternal advantages in gospel life. Let us tell the whole world from what we are saved, and how ardent we are to save others. Criticise us keenly and as kindly. We believe in the ushering in of a brighter day. We knoiv the gospel in its full presentation ' is sure recompense for all we've left behind,' and we mean to use it in endeavoring to answer ' What is Truth? ' Gospel friends, take heart! 'There's a light about to beam, 'There's a midnight darkness changing into gray ; 'Aid its dawning, tongue and pen ; ' Aid it, hopes of honest men (and women), 'Aid it paper, aid it type, ' Aid it for the hour is ripe, ' And our earnest must not slacken into play.'