THE QUESTION AND THE ANSWER AMANDA M. KENISTONE When strangers to our faith and life Within our home appear, In answer to their questionings, The truth we would make clear. They ask, ' what unseen power attracts And holds in its embrace, So many young, aspiring minds, In this secluded place?' 'Is it a cherished love of home — The strength of friendship's chain? The wreath that true affection weaves, For which you here remain? Or have the teachings of your friends So closely twined your heart, That conscience-smitten you would be, Should you from them depart?' 'And do you never turn, to seek A part in pleasure's strife? Aspire you not to joys, and loves Unknown to Shaker life? As veiled in mystery you seem, Quite happy, yet at rest; Can you unfold the faith and power Which mind and soul have blest? ' A reason of the faith and hope By'which we daily live, We render cheerfully to those Who listening ear will give. Not bound by dogma—barred by creed — Nor held by force of law; The truth hath met our spirit's need, From its pure fount we draw. Surroundings of external caste, However grand or high, The longings of the inner soul, Can never satisfy. 'Tis true, that love of home and friends, Has power the heart to bind; But what can meet the Sowings Of active, reasoning minds ? 'Tis truth in its simplicity, Exemplified on earth, And purity of life, unfolds The germs of angel birth. When these are quickened in the soul, That ' ever aching void,' Which worldly pleasure never fills, Finds blessings unalloyed. Then faith, with reason is combined Cause and effect to trace: To learn the laws that God designed, Should happify the race. We see that earthly wealth amassed, And learning's garnered sheaves, Unless by wisdom's hand dispensed, The soul still yearning, leaves. True happiness is what we seek; This virtue only yields; We tread the shining way she marks, And love her verdant fields. Gay fashion's giddy throng we leave — Who trifle life away; For hours of bliss, an age of pain Her forfeiture repay. The Christian's part we nobly take, And with the ransomed few, We boldly vindicate, the truth That forms all things anew — The virgin principle uphold That Jesus Christ revealed; This basis of a perfect life, His glorious mission sealed. Though many sects that fill the land, The Christian title claim, And rear their gorgeous temples high, In honor of the name; Yet cant, and mockery within, And loftiness of mien, Fail to express the life, that crowned, The lowly Nazarene. From purity, true pleasure springs; And peace, with love combined, Have power to captivate the soul, And earthly passions bind. Where living faith and works agree, And souls in good abound — A home, from strife and discord free, With truest friends we've found. We hold our union to this band, By deeds of righteousness; And as our spirit powers expand, In light and truth progress. Though many fail to comprehend The truth that makes us free, We claim the boon of lasting peace, And heavenly liberty.