PHILOSOPHER'S BRANCH What is the Sun? Professor Rudolph, in a lengthy paper on the sun, says: A molten or white hot mass, 856,000 miles in diameter, equaling in bulk 1,260,000 worlds like our own, having a surrounding ocean of gas on fire, 50,000 miles deep, tongues of flame darting upward more than 50,000 miles, volcanic forces that hurl into the solar atmosphere luminous matter to the height of 160,000 miles; drawing to itself all the worlds belonging to our family of planets, and holding them all in their proper places; attracting with such superior force the millions of solid and stray masses that are wandering in the fathomless abyss, that they rush helplessly toward him, and fall into his fiery embrace. And thus he continues his sublime and restless march through his mighty orbit having a period of more than 18,000,000 of years. ... Prof .Walker, a Cincinnati scientist, has allowed himself to be stung once a day for three weeks by bees to ascertain the effect He says that after about the tenth time the pain and swelling were slight, the body seeming to become inoculated with the poison. ... A new process of refrigeration, by the use of ammonia brought by great pressure to a low temperature, has been introduced in New York from Paris. It is applicable to cellars, packing-rooms, compartments in ships, etc., and is intended to keep the air in the rooms pure, dry and very cold, without the use of ice. __An inch of rain is of more consequence than would be generally supposed. On an acre of ground it amounts to 6,272,640 cubic inches. This gives 22,622.5 gallons of water, which would fill a cistern capable of holding 360 hogsheads. Reducing it to weight, it would amount to over 113 tons. A trough 121 feet long, 10 feet high, and 3 feet wide, inside measurement, would just contain an inch of rain from an acre of ground. __How to count interest: Four per cent— Multiply the principal by the number of days, separate the right-hand figure from the product and divide by nine. Five per cent — Multiply by number of days and divide by seventy-two. Six per cent — Multiply by number of days, separate right-hand figure and divide by six. Eight per cent — Multiply by number of days, and divide by forty-five. Nine per cent — Multiply by number of days, sepa- rate right-hand figure and divide by four. Ten per cent — Multiply by number of days and divide by thirty-six. Twelve per cent — Multiply by number of days, separate right-hand figure and divide by three. Fifteen per cent — Multiply by number of days and divide by twenty-four. Eighteen per cent — Multiply by number of days separate right-hand figure and divide by two. Twenty per cent — Multiply number of days and divide by eighteen. __How to make glass that is not brittle, recently discovered for the second time, was discovered for the first time when Tiberius was Roman Emperor, as recSrded by Pliny; but Tiberius feared the invention would deprive gold and silver of their value, and, having learned that the inventor was the sole depository of the secret, he caused him to be decapitated. .. A French machinist has discovered that, by keeping his turning tools constantly wetted with petroleum, he was able to cut metals and alloys with them, although when the tools were used without the oil, their edges were soon turned and dulled. The hardest steel can be turned easily if the tools be thus wet with a mixture of two parts of petroleum with one part of turpentine. .. .A useful composition is made by dissolving old rubber with benzine; this will effectually mend rubber shoes, by using the composition to paste patches. __It is a fact, that can be learned.by investigation and visit, that the first buzz, or circular saw ever made, was manufactured at Mt. Lebanon Shakers, and the original deposited in the Museum of the State Geological and Agricultural Society, at Albany, N. Y., by Bro. George Wickersham. We were present at the presentation. __The 'wonderful liquid glue' is common glue dissolved in strong vinegar. A good and non-moulding paste is made with rye flour and strong vinegar. ... Scientists have at last found out what tobacco smoke is—a mixture of cyanhydric, sulphuretted hydrogen, formic, acetic, propionic, butyric, valerianic and carbolic acids, half a dozen kinds of alkaloids and creosote. We don't wonder the humani- tarians declare that it is killing people.