TRIBUTE AND CRITICISM T. L. Harris says : 'The dear and worthy Shakers have seen it (1); they have taken into their hearts the fact that scortation is a serpent that stings even to the second death, and that social antagonism is the result of disorderly sex-relation. They have based a system on the negation of sex (2), and the annihilation of individual interest. Their chastity has been denied by the vile, and their sincerity and honesty doubted by religionists; but upon a ground hedged in by the necessary limitations of their theory, who shall dare say that their work has not (3) been faithful and praiseworthy? Yet starved hearts and lonely lives, affectional want in the midst of material plenty, stamp their system on the positive ground, a failure (4) ! ' (1) The author of the above refers, first, to solidarity—a consolidation of interests— and we have seen it and practiced it, moderately successful, for a century! and we believe 'scortation'—lewdness — to be fully as effective as he strongly puts it. (2) ' Negation of sex! ' Never. We fully acknowledge the order and rights of sex. We make one pay tribute to the other in all that concerns Christian life. There are those yet living who believe the Shakers hate each other as sexes; never speak to one another, eat apart and sleep in separate houses. We have yet to see, outside of Shakerdom, the manifestation of Christian love among the sexes, free from scortation, as may be daily witnessed in Shaker societies, where the gospel is kept alive in the soul. A greater free- dom in love, and with equal purity, we challenge the whole world to present. The perfect tense (3) uhas,' might, with equal propriety, be supplanted by the present tense 'is.' There may be '' starved hearts, lonely lives and affectional want,' but neither of these are found in a living Shaker. Neither spiritual nor material poverty come in at our doors, while we are exercised in the simplest Shakerism; and, hence, no love needs fly from our windows. We admit that our system is not yet perfectly practiced, neither socially nor in the 'annihilation of individual interests,' etc.; but, while 'w^e will not tarry by the way,' we wish T. L. Harris, who has been trying so many years, or some one else, would succeed in establishing an improvement on Shaker societies, where there wyere less ' starved hearts ' and just as little or less 'scortation;' less ' lonely lives ' and more spiritual protection; much less '' affectional want' and more 'material abundance,' accompanied by as many or more angel brethren and sisters! Truly, we feel our leanness, but not by comparison with any thing on the earth as yet; and until some better way is established that will make 'better Christians of carnal men and women than our system proposes, we should be permitted — knowing no such word as (4) 'failure'—to rejoice that 'the gospel is full recompense for all we've left behind.''