SCIENCE AND RELIGION WM. H. BUSSELL Science, in its completest sense, is the knowledge possessed by the Divine Being, which, of course, must be universal. As applied to human beings, it is that which leads to an acquaintance with Deity. What are the various classifications of so-called natural science ? Geology, mineralogy, chemistry, botany, astronomy and zoology, but so many different fields in which God displays his own handiwork. One cannot intelligently and thoroughly study these, without attaining the conviction that they give evidence of an intelligence, power and skill immeasurably surpassing those of man; and whether, like Tyndall, he supposes the power and intelligence to reside within what he calls nature, or, with others, to be outside of it, yet to him there is a marvelous revelation of the supreme life. Chemical analysis discloses to him the processes of creation to a certain extent; geology and mineralogy exhibit the creative power combining the elements, on a far grander scale; botany, displaying varied forms of beauty and splendor, evinces a yet higher degree of intelligence; astronomy, if it does not exhibit infinity itself in the countless worlds it brings to view, yet, like that, gives to the soul the most exalted sensations as it contemplates the scene before it; zoology brings him a step, and a long step farther toward the Divine existence. What multitudes of living beings does he behold in air, earth and ocean! How they confirm, by their ceaseless activity, the words of Jesus: 'My Father works hitherto!' It is not a presumptuous conjecture to say of the infinite life, that it never rests. It goes on forever in its work, producing grade after grade of varied existence, from that which requires the aid of the microscope to discover it, up through the creeping, walking, swimming, flying beings to man, savage, barbarous, intellectual and spiritual of the material spheres, and hence on to man immortal and angelic in the celestial worlds. THE SHCA.KER. Science, in its most comprehensive sense, lays open, by degrees, all truths to the human mind; but these all, even the minutest, center in the Divine existence. They reveal him to us, not each to the same extent, but yet the revelation is genuine and divine. Why, then, the useless and absurd distinction of sacred and profane, applied to different things that lead us to the knowledge of God? Is any thing profane but that which is perverted from its original purpose by human beings? 'God is in history' is language used by the celebrated historian, D'Aubigne, and justly so. God has led the whole human family all the way from the commencement of its existence, just as carefully, and by means of as many of his attending angels as he did the Israelites from Egypt to the promised land. All history, whether that commonly called profane, or that of the Bible — to which we are accustomed to apply the term sacred — shows the divinelyguiding hand. All that is worthy the name of science is sacred, and should be so regarded. That which treats of the Divine life, as manifested in the insect world, may be of a different grade, from that which dis- courses of suns and planets, or treats of the human mind in its intellectual, moral and spiritual aspects, yet really they are all one. When we attain to any degree of the knowl- edge of God, by means of what is commonly called natural science, or by intellectual and moral science, there is as really a revelation as though an angel from the highest heaven conveyed to us the information, or the infinite spirit had imparted it to us. The dif- ference is only in the manner of obtaining it. The inspirations that diffuse through the human soul the life of divine love, may come to it through various mediums, yet are they all divine inspirations, communicating to it the knowledge of the divine life, and preparing it for its upward course to the realms of immortality.