MUSIC (No. 1) James G. Russell To the Editor of The Shaker : As a sincere lover of the beautiful gift of singing, which forms such a conspicuous part of religious services throughout almost the entire Christian world, the humble writer would seek to portray his feelings upon this interesting topic through the medium of the pen. Doubtless, other minds more active and talented would do far greater j ustice to the subject, still this article may do no less than to enter, as a befitting contribution to our little missionary paper, bespeaking the feelings and views of an honest advocate of musical truths. First, music, according to the general acceptation of the term, may be defined as ' instrumental or vocal harmony'—a combination of sounds agreeable to the ear. But the question arises, how are these sounds to be made agreeable to the ear ? Are they the productions of an unqualified or untutored performer? Admitting the fact that within the human organism are found the germs of this beautiful talent, it is only through culture that we attain to that degree of development, that the rendering becomes agreeable and pleasing to the listener, or easy and unaffected to the performer. Hence, it is evident that, for the accomplishment of this end, scientific appliances must be brought to our aid. The laws of one of the primary divisions of the musical department known by the term melody, require that the various sounds entering into a musical performance, be recognized as bearing a certain relation to each other. This relation or arrangement called the scale, or gamut, discloses the proper intervals that must be given in music. These intervals are known by the general terms. Major seconds and minor seconds require, on the part of the singer, a great deal of care to be given correctly, and thereby sustain the proper pitch of tone. If, for example, in attempting to give the tones designated as the fourth and fifth from the first note of the gamut, the voice should disclose an imperfect major second ; the effect must, of necessity, be very unsatisfactory to a sensitive and well cultivated ear, and the same may be said of any interval throughout the entire range of the musical gamut. This defect, when apparent either in harmonious or simple melodies, results in what is generally termed 'flatting from the key.' In order to remedy this defect so generally prevalent among the untutored songsters of our day, many facts must be considered and taken into account. First, the voice must be correctly and thoroughly trained to the proper intonations of the scale, which may be accomplished best by a thoroughly qualified teacher — a living, practical example in vocal music. It is an established fact in the minds of many musicians, that the ear may become so accustomed to imperfect intonations, that false tones may be taken for true ones, and vice versa. An apt illustration of this fact recently came under the writer's observation. It was related to him by a prominent musician, who was also officiating quite extensively in the tuning of instruments, that on going his rounds for that purpose, he observed a certain piano to be quite out of tune. The player, who was first troubled with its imperfections, but at last became accustomed to them, remarked that ' it had been out of tune, but had got again all right of itself!' Is this not too customary? Such seems to be the case with many untutored singers. From a neglect of proper training, the tone is given quite below its proper posi- tion, and the ear having become accustomed to the imperfection, fails in its responsible office and takes the false tone for the true one. Another important fact to be taken into account is, the difference in the extension or compass of human voices. While some are capacitated to reach an exceedingly high point, but unable to go very low, others are able to go very low but unable to go very high Still another class of voices finds its great field of effect between the two extremes, unable to go very high, and equally unable to go very low, yet having a greater compass than either of the other classes, as its compass embraces all the intermediate portion between the two extremes. From this fact, arises the necessity of arranging music, in a style that will meet best the capacity of these different classes of voices, and when the means are neglected to accomplish this, we find each class of voices in its turn striving beyond its proper limits, and by so doing we experience the dissatisfactory result of flatting from the key. It is just as unreasonable to suppose that a low, bass voice is to do justice to a musical performance, or to itself, even, while lamely groping up in the chambers of a treble or tenor part of music, as to suppose that a voice naturally light and high should be able to find its desirable effect down in the cellars of an alto or bass, and yet all of this is presupposed, whenever a piece of melody is congregationally attempted. And furthermore, in connection with this all-important point of voice training, there is a physiological side to be viewed and considered, which must find its place for commentation in a future chapter upon the subject of music.