SOCIOLOGY OLIVER C. HAMPTON Man is evidently built on a sliding scale of relative perfections. His lower conditions, contrasted with those higher, of which he is capable, may be called evil for want of a better term. Experience and observation, as well as his past history, prove him capable of progression and gradual but constant improvement, both when viewed in vast proportions as nations, peoples, or our entire world, in its movement in cycles of immense duration; also in regard to individual men, through the experience of a few fugitive years. Man's loves, in his lower rudimental conditions, are largely lusts, having for their object his individual selfish gratification. Yet the law of eternal progression which runs through the universe, gradually improves his conditions, making man less sinister and more generous and benevolent, pure and sincere, until he occupies a serene home among the archangels. At least this is inevitably inferred from the fertile span of ex2 THE 3 istence furnished us for observation here on the earth. This law of eternal progression is God-given, for man cannot revoke it by any act or incantation, though he may oppose his motion skyward, and even delay his sublime apotheosis for many long years. The more he expands toward higher regions of perfection, the nearer he approaches his fellow man in love and sympathy, until so far developed as to be prepared for a community life. Indeed, along the whole, otherwise gloomy path of human experience, or as far back as we have any history, a few specimens of highly progressed humanity have appeared from age to age, to light the gloom of the dead centuries, and point to higher glories and sublimer possibilities. These have apprehended and practically developed, in a gradual manner, some of the more palpable facts, principles and truths of sociology. But what an immense field of discovery yet remains to be explored in this direction. One curious coincidence connected with sociology is the fact that, so far as we know, every system of society or community which has had any practical success, has had to accept of celibacy as one of the most important, if not the most important, plank in its platform of primal principles. My subject might receive a.curious and ingenious as well as true and valuable exegesis right here, highly'favorable to the doctrine of celibacy and sexual purity, but, having caught but a glimpse of this bright and magnificent thought, I will leave it to the elaboration of those who have traced its logical sequences farther than I have. In reflecting upon man's nature in connection with the subject of sociology, I am of opinion that all men have, or ought to have, perfect, unrestrained freedom of will and choice as to what kind of life they shall live, so long as such freedom and exercise thereof does not interfere with the enjoyment of the same freedom of choice, rights and privileges of others. That all men are positively equal, under precisely the same circumstances, in rights and privileges, to all intents and purposes, until they infringe on those of others; and even then, so soon as by warrantable restraint they can be induced always to respect the rights and immunities of their fellow men and women, they should come into possession of inherent rights. If the above postulates are true, the next inquiry would naturally be, what is the best mode of conducting the polity of a community? that is, the several details of its different departments? In the first place it appears self-evident to me, that just so much dictation and government should be resorted to as to secure the above-named immunities, etc., and positively no more. Any thing more than this does not deserve the name of legitimate and proper government, but of usurpation, which is itself an infringement vipon the rights of others, and no more justifiable in an executive officer than in any other individual. Then if executive administrators of the government of a community can so economize the details of administration as never to transcend the limits here prescribed, it would appear, surely, to shut off all the friction among the elements of community that could come in through the avenue of its administration, and this will be very noticeable and important if it should happily ever be reached; for men, being under the same circumstances, equal in rights and privileges, though not in talents, powers and abilities, feel very keenly any infringement of this law of equality, and can never do otherwise. This unwillingness to be unright- eously and unjustly treated can never be overcome. It is an irresistible, eternal law, inexorable in its demands, the failure to satisfy which, must inevitably produce eternal antagonism. Again, for the stability and smooth running of a community, it seems to me that some method must be pursued in its modus operandi by which every individual must stand, not indirectly, by implication, but directly by immediate affirmation, self-committed to its general interests and behests, and to all of its important movements and business. Without this desideratum, in vain shall we try to secure the hearty cooperation of the members in any enterprise small or great we may undertake. I have here written my views on the subject of sociology, as applicable to a successful community, and I am absolutely sure this subject needs ventilation. I would like to see The Shaker become a medium for the transmission of all kinds of useful knowledge adapted to its field, in all directions calculated to benefit humanity, mentally, physiologically, spiritually, scientifically, temporally and eternally.