THE BRIGHT SIDE OF SORROW SARAH ANN NEAL It is a fact, however strange, that in nearly all human life there is an inclination to look on the darker side of the human heart, brood over its trials, and to live in realms where despondency is germinated, permitted to grow and thrive, at the expense of the higher, brighter and most cultivated elements of our organization. But those whose interior beings have been lighted by the teachings of Christ's life have no occasion to despond, but are led to ' look up through the clouds ' and behold the 'far brighter day,' replete with beams of a heavenly light, that are never succeeded by darkening night. It has been wisely said, ' every Christian sorrow is the harbinger of a new-bom joy,' and truly so; for sorrow, born of earnest endeavors for the right, is soul-elevating, and to be enjoyed, rather than endured, for its beneficent gains; but to obtain and enjoy these gains necessitates the practical exercise of Christ-principles — a sorrowing unto participation of joy in the heavenly. Christ suffered, sorrowed, and those who would be his disciples and follow him 'whithersoever he goeth,' will joyfully sorrow too. Liberty waved her gilded pinions over him who was 'tempted in all points, yet without sin; ' and this same signal victory and freedom from the erring nature of humanity await all, who, like our Christian pattern, earnestly, patiently, hopefully work. Such souls are the embodiment of a hope which creates holier aspirations, wakens nobler activity, and causes the soul to rise above the land of shadows into that world of radiant beauty, where all life is inspired by heavenly light and love. Despondency is very unlike Christian sorrow; is the fruit of spiritual indolence, whose tendency is to detract to greater gloom, and all for the want of development in spiritual refinement, through angel purity. While we would eradicate from society all despondency, we would cherish godly sorrow as the harbinger of soul-progress; for the truest feelings of the heart are borne upward — homeward — through the corridors of sorrow to the home of the eternal; and thence, with energies renewed, returning to the pilgrim, who is thereby better fitted for the sterner, fiercer conflicts. But the joy of the real Christian is in that beacon-light of hope, pointing to the end of life's turmoils, and revealing eternal day replete with sweet soul-rest, and the wreath, made of the laurels of victory, achieved through the sorrowful labors of Christian pilgrimage. Life is a labor, and nothing conduces more to health, happiness and real spiritual growth than exercise of both body and soul in all innocent activity. Creation never rests, only as continual growth and change produce rest. Beautiful humanity, like the luscious fruits and brilliant flowers, is one of the higher productions of this ever-creating fountain. Let us remember that our humanity is capable of large development, increasing use and beauty, earthly and heavenly; and those whose lives have felt the baptism of Christ, realize that, while they live, work, and sorrow for the good, the better and best are just beyond.