PHYSIOLOGICAL DANIEL FRASER HUMAN SOCIETY, No 1. Looking over the surface of modern civilization, we see that almost every thing is in motion, and that which will not move is left behind, and speedily becomes obsolete. In mechanical matters the displays of adaptations are wonderful. On the one hand there are manifestations of herculean power; on the other, microscopical delicacy of exe- cution. Astronomy, soaring aloft, outstrips her old friend astrology, and actually fore- tells future events. Chemistry no longer confines herself to inorganic matter, but has taken possession of a whole kingdom of vital forces, and has already advanced to, and is now ready, to introduce us to a world of invisible, and, I may almost say, omnipotent forces. Physiology, akin to chemistry, treads also on the confines of spirit life, teaching that obedience to her laws, forms, or mal-forms, civilizations; and that our social standing, intellectual progress, our religious conditions and elevation, must be predicated upon her. Disobedience to physiological law brings upon us bodily disease, early death, distress of mind, domestic distractions, social broils and national convulsions, and associates us with Egypt-loving Jews and with the giant sinners of the antediluvian world. History informs us of the rise of nations and the fall of empires. The rise of a people and their ruin, is but a chapter in physiology. One of the caliphs remarked: 'As long as you stick to your plain way of living, you will prosper.' In other words, obedience to physiological law is inseparably connected with individual integrity, moral and national power. His people did not stick to their plain way of living; the consequence is, that, at this hour, they are a contemptible? nation, and, had it not been for the interference of two powerful neigh- bors, history would have written ere now, ' The Saracenic empire is no more.' The foundations of morals, social life, peace, health and heaven, must ever rest upon physiology. It is the ground on which Jacob's ladder stands — the medium by which pure intelligences can reach us with heavenly gifts, and bear joyful tidings back to spirit friends. Turning to sacred history, we find that the first sin was an act of sensuality. Tracing the consequences down through antediluvian times, we read that it was disobedi- ence, first, to physiological law, and then to moral law, which brought the flood, a catas- trophe second only to the entire destruction of our planet. Again, we read that it was obedience to physiological law which saved Noah and his family. It was said of him, '' that he was perfect' in generating Shem, Ham and Japheth, while those around him were disorderly. After the flood, for what reason was the father of the faithful called to leave his pagan home? Was it not that physiological law, and those that rest upon THE SH^KEH. 5 6 THE SHA.KER. it, might be observed? For what end wTere all the wonders in Egypt performed, and why did Sinai shake, but that physiological and moral law might be unshaken? Why did the Israelites forsake the worship of the true and living God for gods of wood and stone; was it not that they might give license to their appetites, and eat, drink and procreate without restraint? Why was it that the God of their fathers threw them off, and left them a reproach before all nations? Because they first violated physiological law, and then they violated every other law. Why are heathens, heathens? Because they have no respect for physiological law. Are there any heathens in Christian countries, so called? Those who have no respect for physiological law, whatever guise they may assume, are heathens; and, being wrong in their outer life, how can they be right in their inner? Why did the Divine man Jesus — the father of the new creation, the captain and pattern of the higher life — solemnly declare that the physiological, the moral, the Sabbatical, the financial, the sanitary, and the other laws given through Moses, should not pass till all should be fulfilled? Because he knew that'the people of the better day, who would live his life, would keep them every jot, not by constraint, but willingly.