HOPE ANNA ERVING As the earth, when parched by drought, suffers for want of the refreshing showers, so does the agonized spirit mourn the loss of hope. But, when our spirits have been depressed by sorrow, is there one of us but has felt and received courage from some kindly friend that has bid us to hope ? Have not breezes of fragrant thoughts been wafted over us, as if an angel had shaken from his wings the odors of paradise ? Hope is one expression of God's enduring love for man, and ever encircles him as the light of day to guide and strengthen him while on his earthly pilgrimage. But, not alone from sources above and around, does he receive this soul-lifting boon ; for within the human heart is a hopeful fountain, ever welling up fresh and pure, when not exhausted by neglect, nor hidden by despair. Hope is the connecting link between the past and future ; the cheering ray that ever brightens the present; it blooms in every season of existence, and, like the evergreen, preserves its verdure throughout the year. Oh, how bright and beautiful is hope ! when I feel its magic influence within me, my courage is restored; my drooping energies are renewed, and my heart goes out in thanks to thee, my God ! I thank thee for the daily blessings I enjoy, while I have faith to believe I shall merit the fulness of thy goodness in the future, when my spirit shall have passed the narrow confines of mortality, and have entered the realm of eternal life and heavenly felicity. God hath provided the balm of hope, to cheer and soothe the sufferer. Oftentimes as the poor prisoner weeps in hopeless agony of spirit, a gentle voice whispers ' hope;' he feels he is an outcast from God and man. Again the voice whispers, ' God loveth all;' he trembles as though in the presence of a superior, yet unknown power. Hope, at length, penetrates the suffering spirit, and inspires the degraded one with new life; with a zeal to work for the redemption of his blemished character. Oh, how thankful he feels, what joy elates him 1 what inexpressible happiness fills his being; he longs to impart his simple experience to every guilty brother on earth; he is now happy under the influence of hope; it has helped him to better his condition! How good is God, how precious is hope!