HUMAN SOCIETY. NO. 2 DANIEL FRASER Referring to the advances of science, and to all the progress of our day, may we ask, what are the moral, the religious and physiological manifestations of Christendom ? Do we not find that four millions of persons in Ireland have died from want of food through land monopoly? And that four millions more of British subjects, in India, have perished in a similar manner, and from the same cause ? We are all aware that one of the most destructive wars of modern times was begun and carried on for years, simply that four millions of persons — the docile, the loving, the devotional African — might be held in perpetual vassalage. Do we not see the red man of the American continent, the worshiper of the Great Spirit, driven from his forest home, and withering under the influence of what is called Christian civilization? Are not these enormities but the crests of the great waves of the deep and wide current of 'man's inhumanity to man ? ' Do we not see, at this very hour, Europe bristling with bayonets? its best blood abstracted from useful labor, and trained to the art of war — the art of destroying life and property? Has the reign of the Prince of Peace yet reached us? is there for him a quiet resting place amid such ungodly turmoil? Are not the so-called Christian governnients based on fraud and sustained by violence ? Instead of protecting the laboring poor, do they not rob them and crush their spirits? When we turn to the domestic life of men and women, what do we behold? Do we find physiological and moral law reigning supremely, or do not the effects of violations of the procreative and nutritive functions fill the land with feebleness, disease and death? Is there one person in a hundred who dies a natural death? Is not the long catalogue of their diseases a testimony against their individual habits? Again, is there a single article of food or medicine a. a. lomas, ) mwn editok. f onAKJiiio, 1O THE SHAKER. capable of being manipulated, which is not adxxlterated? Of clothing, is it not half sham and shoddy? It is far from being pleasant to notice such a state of things; we being members of the human family, are we not all representatives of that family? Can any one of us say, 'stand off, I am organically holier than thou?' 'To see ourselves as others see us,' is well, but to see ourselves in others, is a humbling gift; it is being touched as Jesus was with a feeling of human infirmity, teaching to remember, as we rise and journey upward, '' the hole of the pit from whence we have been dug,' and that pride and self-importance were not made for any one of us. To conserve the good remaining in humanity, a religion based on physiological, and every other God-instituted law, is needed; a religion which worketh by love? purifies the heart and the body also — a religion in which all the bickerings of '' me and mine ' are eternally hushed — a religion in which the art of war is learned no more — a religion of peace, which presents a diet involving no cruelty to animals, nor violates any of the higher instincts of humanity. A finance that lendeth, but taketh no increase. An agriculture which leaveth the land bettered, and covereth up every unclean thing. A religion in perfect accord with the spirit of life, as manifested in Christ, a germ of which life inheres in every human^ being, which, when operative, will bring forth manifesta. tions of God the Father, as did the wellbeloved Son. A religion that accepts the human family as a unit, knows no personal distinction but that which virtue creates, and blesses all nations with an example of purity and peace.