CONFESSION JAMES S. PRESCOTT In the revival movement of Moody and Sankey, we hear but little said about confession of sin. Why is this? Can there be any thing lasting or radical in such revivals, without a thorough cleansing of the heart, by an honest confession? Will not those who build their hopes of heaven on such transient excitements be disappointed when they come to enter the spirit world and see the record of their lives? Judging from past history, viz.: the days of ' Pentecost,' and the ' Kentucky Revival,' the angels of conviction are not yet sent forth, but they are coming — the way is preparing — and when they come we shall know it. Under a former dispensation, when one wanted to know what good thing he should do to inherit eternal life, the word was ' Keep the law.' What law? If he wanted to be a good Jew, keep the law of Moses — physiological law; but if he wanted to be a good Christian, the law of Christ, and then go on unto perfection. Water baptism is good as far as it goes to the cleansing of the body, but as the baptism of the spirit is to the soul, so is the baptism of water to the body, and it will take these elements combined, to regenerate the whole man and woman. '' Verily I say unto you, except a man be born of water, and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.' To show the condition of souls when they enter into the 'spirit world,' who vainly imagine they are going right to Jesus, when they die, because they belong to some ortho8HAKEE. THE SHAKER. dox church, we make the following extracts of a communication from Margaret Bush, who died in England, many years ago, a Methodist; in answer to inquiries made by one Thomas Bush, who had been a Methodist preacher, and who was, at that time, a member of the Society at North Union: uJuly6, 1841. '' My Dear Brother : ' You wished to know where I am. I will tell you. I have lived among the children of God, about six years, and that is all. I hope you will never have to suffer as much as I have, before you enter into happiness. Perhaps you would like to know what caused my sufferings. It was my righteousness founded on selfishness. I thought I was very good. Yea, I thought there were not many so good as myself. '' Although I did not tell the people I was good, yet I thought within myself that I was; so you see it was not righteousness, but it was self-righteousness, and that you know will never stand the test. I built upon a sandy foundation. I thought that I should surely go to heaven when I left the world. Yea, I thought that the Saviour as I used to call him, would say unto me, ' Well done thou good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.' 'But ah! what a sad mistake. I found that I had all my sins to confess, every one of them, and this I was too proud to do. What, said I, after living in such a manner as I have, and being so highly esteemed among general mankind, now to become so mean, I thought, as to confess my sins, to relate them, just as I had committed them, I said I had confessed my sins! ''The question was asked me, how did you confess your sins? I answered and said, ' O Lord thou knowest I am a sinner. O merciful God wilt thou pardon all my sins. O heavenly Father, wilt thou save this poor wretched worm of the dust, from thy burning wrath ?' Yea, this is the way in which I confessed my sins. I confessed that I was a sinner, and I thought it was all that could be required of me. I suffered, and suffered, until I was willing to confess every thought, word or action, that was not acceptable to God. '' I tell you, I had all to confess before three thousand faithful witnesses. Yea, I was thankful indeed for that privilege. I did confess my wicked deeds before them all, upon my bended knees. * * * Oh, my crown is not bright, and my robe is not white compared with those who have borne a faithful cross against the carnal mind; and this is the cry of every unfaithful soul. Now what I have written to you is truth, and nothing but the truth.'