PAUL. First Paper It is not a question in my mind, but an established fact, that the writings of Paul have done more harm than good. Still we have in Paul the curious anomaly of a man, whose life is far better than his theology. It is common with most people to let their faith precede their works; but, with Paul, his life is to be admired of all, as are also many of his epistles that are consonant with his life. But his '' becoming all things to all men,' gained none to his life nor to Christ, but gave ambush and defense to every theological stream with which the world has since been sorrowfully flooded. We admit Paul's unusual ability; we give credit to an exceeding humility, a consecration in his works with the people, and an overpowering mastery of other minds that made him the acknowledged head of the so-called Christian church. But it is useless to deny that Paul was a revolutionist among the disciples, '' withstood them to the face,' and charged them with hypocrisy (Gal. ii. 11, 14), and variously compromised the faith of the gospel first delivered to the apostles. That Paul aimed more at the building up of a populous church, rather than demanding that all should 'follow' Jesus in the life of the New Creation, is apparent to all New Testament readers; and the consequent fulfillment of the '' falling away' prophecy may be directly attributed to Paul, rather than to any and all others who professed Christ in early days. It is a matter of exceeding moment, whether we are ' following Christ,' or being led by Paulism, into 'by and forbidden paths,' in the service of ourselves. If Paul wanted or wants applause, he gets it from those who do not ' follow Christ' as he lived, but by those whom he permitted, to live as Christ did not. I accuse Paul of being an apologist for the flesh, having an insane idea that he would ' gain souls unto Christ' by and by ; of permitting the practice of indulgences, which he knew, neither he nor others could practice any longer, and be Christians; and I arraign Paul most seriously, for the elaboration of Habakkuk's digest of Moses, 613 precepts — reduced by David to eleven, subsequently by Isaiah to six, later still by Micah to three, and then almost lost to humanity by Habakkuk — • The just shall live by faith,' — an elaboration that frankly enjoins, among other things, faith without works.' (See Galatians.) If Paulism would save humanity from their sins to-day, as does and will the life of Jesus, the Christ, I should have naught to say, and then would there have been thousands saved who will not know what salvation is, until they drop Paul, and follow Jesus. Strauss has labored earnestly in ' The old Faith and the New,' to harmonize the various and numerous sects; but ' there is no peace' this side nor the other side of Christ's life. And when we conclude that the salvation of Christ is worth all and more than it costs, we will take Christ's life for our guide, and say to Paul, or any other apologist for the flesh or intervening human THE 13 perversion, 'Get thee behind me.' As a Christian(?) after PauVs permissions, I could engage in 'the lusts of the flesh, the lusts of the eyes, and the pride of life,' and find apologies in his writings, as the immense majority of so-called Christians do; but as a genuine 'follower' of Christ, I find my greatest opponent in Paul; and can see no hope of salvation for the world, until Christ's life shall take precedence of Paul's permissions. Of Paul's coup d'etat among the apostles; we must leave to our next paper, asking a patient kindly hearing. *