THE POTATO We do not know what we could substitute for the potato. We are not anxious to have any thing replace it; for while our Peachblows and Rose are greeted three times a day by untired appetites, they shall continue to be most welcome on our tables. We change the complexion and flavor of our bread for palate's sake; and the common white is made to give way to graham, biscuits, buns, cake and variously. Bread, in some form, is ever agreeable ; but its form must change, to be as agreeable as it is. But the potato is never really better, than when coming to our tables in its simplest and original form, boiled, immediately after paring. The too common practice of paring potatoes, and leaving them to stand in water for hours, is wasteful and detrimental. The water that has surrounded pared potatoes for a given number of hours, contains more gluten, which goes to replenish the wasted tissue, than do the potatoes. The water is, of course, thrown away, while the potatoes, much less substantial than before, are placed on the table; and if they do not repair mortal waste only a little more than would saw-dust, the cause is plain. Leckey, the famous historian, opposes their extensive use by any people ; ascribing the degeneracy of the Irish race to this cause. We are strongly inclined to dispute the testimony of this eminent authority; and to seek for the real cause of their degeneracy, in the direction of another very prominent excess of the Irish, where, perhaps, their exclusive potato diet is insufficient to repair their wasted human tissues. But we are confronted by too many scientists upon this question, to doubt that it has received abundant consideration. Quite a number of German savants have also been very disagreeably impressed by the potato from late analysis; considering its extensive use as weakening, both mentally and physically. Carl Vogt speaks of it in very inferior terms. Mulder, the Dutch physiologist, attributes the indolence of nations to* potatoes among the poor, and tea and coffee with the wealthy. And O. S. Fowler's only apparent recommendation of the potato seems to be that it fills up a vacuum that might or would be occupied by something worse. We are really sorry that this humble and abundant esculent should fare so unkindly at scientific hands. We are loth to look on the potato rot as a blessing in disguise; and we are quite unwilling to part with a long-tried, every-day friend, because it is discovered to be less valuable than some of its nobler relations. Nor are we persuaded that an exclusively potato diet is any more detrimental, nor as much so, as an exclusively meat diet; and the potato, being of coarser and milder material than meats, may haps have saved stronger nations than the Irish, from greater degeneracy and worse, by its being so usual an accompaniment of meats, excepting with the Indians, and they are barbarous, and as savage as the beasts which they eat. *