PRIVATE PROPERTY POSITIVELY UNCHRISTIAN [ Elder George R. Runyon has been speaking his mind pretty plainly to the people of Nicholasville, Ky. From the appended extracts of his address, we conclude that the Elder has lost all embarrassment when speaking the truth, if he ever had any, and forgot to sugar-coat his potion, if he intended doing so. Listen to his plain, blunt, wholesome, southern testimony *]: ' The first Christian that ever lived, died, and went to heaven from earth, who taught all men how they might gain salvation and heaven by the merits of their own working, or their death and hell by their own demerits, was Jesus. He, the Father chose, prepared and anointed, a leading example in all holy conversation and godliness, but gave him no private property real nor personal—' not even where to lay his head.' * * * ' Jesus and his immediate disciples formed the first Christian Association that ever blessed the earth, and they held their property in common, regardless of any previous property conditions. They ceased to walk as men, and associated with angels and angelic conditions; then followed the grand outpouring of the spirit at Pentecost, when was realized by many the divine baptism, from which property distinctions were lost forever from among God's people. Hence no member of the body of Christ has any right to the tree of life, nor to walk with angels, while holding any claims to real or personal possessions. ' From that date there has never been a genuine Christian church nor association, having rich and poor members. If individuals do not love Jesus well enough to divide their property with him, they do not sufficiently love him to keep his commandments. And, from the time of the first advent, through the time of the second, down to the present time, we know of no such thing as private-property Christians; and only acknowledge such to be Christians as sell their possessions and share with their Christian brethren as each has need; for ' inasmuch as ye have done it unto the least of the brethren, ye have done it unto me!' Blessed change to all! the rich, who had gathered much, gave until the poor had no lack, and they had nothing more than the formerly poor; and as they treated one another, Jesus taught, they treated him. * * * ' If the love we have for Jesus is to be measured by the love we bear one another — and by this we are to prove our discipleship — then how many friends has Jesus in all Christendom, after all that has been said and suf. fered 1 Very few. The church of Jesus never was nor ever will be, disgraced by either rich or poor members, and let all the people say amen. As Jesus, through his godly life, became the anointed — Christ — so let all aim, by a life consecrated to God, to become anointed, until the whole body will be Christ, and every member a self-denying oneness with Christ and the Father.' * * *