BREAD Custom and habits too frequently make havoc with health. While this assertion applies, with much propriety, to very many customs, we would ask attention to its bearing upon the use of bread, made of superfine flour. We say, ' we like it'; but it is because our appetites are perverted, even the same as those who 'like tobacco.' We really mean, that we have learned to love its use, through the almost innumerable 'ills that flesh is heir to ' — becoming such an heir to the whole catalogue of headaches, costiveness, fevers, chronic diseases and sweeping calamities, more through the use of superfine flour than we wot of. We take the best wheat, hull it, and grind it as fine as we can; separating the hull and the coarser particles of the berry by a bolt, we get the fine flour. This we mix with water, and add thereto a mess of living putridity, knead it, bake it, eat it, are sick by it, and by the bye, die of it! That which we should use as the 'staff of life,' we turn into a slow, but sure poison. With the bran we act with greater humanity, when feeding it to our horses and kine. We grind them oats, corn on the cob, and, knowing we should kill them if we bolted this flour, conscience and exchequer both forbid. We mind, and our stock is healthy from youth to old age. Let us reverse the rule, so far as feeding them the flour we eat, and soon the sleek animal becomes the poor beast, that in a few weeks cannot get up in its stable. Again, if sufficient constitution remains, feed it the Jbran we refuse, and it soon becomes the titan of yore. Who is there but knows that fine flour leads directly to costiveness, headache and other incipient ills ? Who is there that will refuse to know that coarse-ground wheat bread, with the bran in, will not only relieve these but prevent them, and all those ills that supplement them? As presenting a truthful but unhappy experiment, let any one attempt living on superfine flour only, for a week or more — they will learn much by such experiment — of suffering. Again, let any try cracked wheat, graham pudding, or coarse-ground wheat in its various forms, for any length of time, and a happy experience will be theirs; not only through the expurgatorious of quondam diseases, but in the new life, of ruddy strength, and a corresponding health of spirit. If there is any thing that truly represents food and medicine, it is good bread — and good bread means something more, than material made of flour that has been killed by grinding, and poisoned by living animalculse. The time is coming, and soon, when a person's religion may be estimated by the quality of bread which they eat. Let us reflect upon and move in the matter. And when we shall have less poor theology in the pulpit, and more genuine theology in the bread, it will be more than well. *