SCIENCE AND RELIGION. NO. 2 Science, as the term imports, is absolute knowledge. Religion, in its entirety, is the fulfillment of all the obligations of human life. ' This is pure and undefiled religion before God the Father, to assist' — not merely to visit — '' orphans and widows in their affliction, and to keep one's self unspotted from the world; ' that is, this is a very essential part of pure religion, not the whole. Religion implies the utmost activity in the subject. ' Whatsoever thy hands find to do, do with thy might; for in the grave ' of indolence, '' there is neither work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom;' — no work to preserve the bodily and mental powers in vigor; no device to create a substitute for activity; no knowledge of the Divine Life with its unlimited sources of mental, moral and spiritual supplies; and no wisdom for self-guidance along life's devious way. It implies openness of mind to receive all the truths of God from whatever intermediate source they are derived. Bigotry forms no part of religion pure and undefiled. The divine inspirations flow into every soul that is ready to receive them. '' When wisdom enters into the heart, and knowledge is pleasant to the soul,' they mould it into the divine image, removing by degrees the prejudices which may have accumulated there when ignorance held sway. When they are allowed to take the full control of the soul, they modify, strengthen and refine every faculty, gradually unfolding them till the merely sensual man becomes the spiritual man, and the whole is under the guidance of divine love. This is the science of the Christian life, which every one who acquaints himself with it, finds to be as clearly demonstrated to his internal consciousness, as the most precise of the exact sciences is proved to the intellectual perceptions. Religious experience, as a science, is as widely extended as the whole human race; for it includes the experience of every one whom the divine light has awakened to a consciousness of the relations he sustains to eternal life. It embraces a knowledge of the individual self as affected by perverted tastes, appetites, affections and passions, and a knowledge of the divine power which restores these to their normal condition, purifies them from their naturally gross and sensual state, and elevates them finally to that which constitutes the life of God himself. Religious experience includes association and conscious communion with those who partake of this life in its fullest extent. The language of Jesus and Paul in reference to this experience was not used for mere rhetorical effect,— '' Ye shall see heaven opened and the angels of God ascending and descending ;' and, '' Ye are come to an innumerable company of angels, and to the spirits of just men made perfect.' Their own experience corroborated the literal truth of their words. All the sciences, whether natural, intellectual, or religious, have had various theories connected with them, which have been disproved by the accumulation of facts. The probability is that there are yet many which will finally be discarded. Dogma is not necessarily truth, fancy is not fact. This is, because man is a mere learner, with the power to ascertain truth unfolding by degrees. On this score, one science has not much to boast of over another. It is not therefore becoming in any one class to exalt their favorite science, whatever that may be, as worthy of supreme devotion. Religious science has enough in it of the really grand and beautiful to captivate every heart; and so has every other. But it is often the case that the devotee of one class of the sciences disparages others, because, in his estimation, they are of little importance. But the reason of this disparagement is his own comparative or utter ignorance of them. In reality— '' Nothing useless is or low, Each thing in its place is best; And what seems but idle show Strengthens and supports the rest.' There is needed on all sides, courage to look every one of God's truths squarely in the face. Above all there is needed that candor which will induce every one to study carefully that error, in his own mind at least, shall not usurp the place of truth. At some time in the future there will be a oneness in the perception of truth, but not until every possible means is used to eliminate error from whatever bears the name of science. Then divine principles will bear the completest sway in the soul, producing harmony throughout. The thoughts, taking their coloring from the internal harmony, will be orderly and consistent, and actions, as streams from their fountains, will accord with the internal condition. This alone can constitute the heaven to which Divine Wisdom points.