THE CINCINNATI CONVENTION [The following letters explain themselves. Those who have read of Elder F. W. Evans' masterly address, at the above Convention, will be interested with the supplement he adds, at the close of Dr. Miller's indorsement of nearly all therein contained.*] Dear Father Evans : You have got at the fundamental principles of some of the most important reforms the world has ever known. On the subjects of air, water and land, no one can dispute the fact, that these should be free to all the inhabitants of the world. Every person born has a right to food, to water, and a place to live. The very fact of existence ought to establish this in the minds of all thinking people. That water and air are free, all are ready to admit, but people seem to have an idea that the land is a subject of monopoly, and that those who happen to have money, have a right to control large tracts of land, and prevent others from THE S BE A. K E 11 occupying it. Laws should be enacted prohibiting any man from claiming possession of any more land than he can occupy and improve, and he should have no further claim to the soil on which he lives than that which comes from the products of the labor which he has placed upon that soil. Every one should have the privilege of taking possession of a certain portion of land, and making such improvements upon it as he desired. Improvements should constitute our right to the special spot which we have selected, and no person should be allowed to deprive us of it, unless we are paid for our improvements. If laws based upon this principle were enacted, what a wonderful impetus would be given to the improvements of every civilized country. On the subject of public debt, my mind is not so well established. To illustrate: Suppose some work of great public importance is required, which the people of this generation will be compelled to make, like completing a canal or railroad, or any other vast national work, the benefits of which are to be reaped more by future generations, than by the present. In such case, I think there can be nothing objectionable in requiring succeeding generations to pay a portion of the cost. The Erie canal, I think, has been a great benefit to the people of this State. It would have imposed a very hard task on our predecessors to saddle all the cost of that canal on them, when we enjoy the benefits of it. On the same principle future generations will reap the benefits of the preservation of the Union ; and it would, I think, have been clearly unfair to impose on this generation the entire expenses of the war. Yours, E. P. MILLER