SPIRIT OF THE FARM It is said that corn loses one-fifth... __It is said that corn loses one-fifth by drying, and wheat one-fourteenth. From this the estimate is made that it is more profitable for the farmer to sell imshelled corn in the fall at seventy-five cents, than at one dollar a bushel in the following summer, and that wheat at $1.25 in December, is equal to $1.50 in the succeeding June. In cases of potatoes, taking those that rot and are otherwise lost, together with the shrinkage, there is little doubt that between October and June, the loss to the owner who holds them is not less than thirty-three per cent.—New York Bulletin. Earth worms __Earth worms. These insignificant and unattractive creatures are of the greatest benefit to the fields which they inhabit, though many have supposed to the contrary. They are very humble but efficient servants of the agriculturist; and far from injuring his meadow and his garden, they devote themselves with praiseworthy assiduity to turning over the soil to a greater depth and more thoroughly than can be done with the best appliances known to science. These animals (for so they are classified by the naturalists) are scarcely more than animated tubes. They seem to live by taking earth and earthly substances in at one end and passing them out at the other. This simple process of digestion is aided, however, by a mucous secretion; and the worm has a habit, when he has filled himself with earth, of ascending to the surface, turning around and working himself back again into the ground. This operation unloads him; and the process repeated by millions of his fellows cannot but have a highly beneficial effect upon the quality of land. It is said by Mr. Darwin that these worms have been known to cover a field to the depth of thirteen inches in the course of eighty years. A slow process, to be sure, but so are all the processes of Nature. This, however, is not all that they do. They carry their shafts and galleries to a depth of several feet, and cross and intersect in all directions, loosening the soil, opening it to the air and water, and, in short, doing all that they can to help vegetation, without preying upon it or injuring its roots in the slightest degree. Ten rules for farmers __Ten rules for farmers. 1. Take good papers, and read them. 2. Keep an account of farm operations. 3. Do not leave implements scattered over the farm, exposed to snow, rain, and heat. 4. Repair tools and buildings at a proper time, and do not suffer subsequently threefold expenditure of time and money. 5. Use money judiciously, and do not attend auction sales to purchase all kinds of trumpery because it is cheap. 6. See that fences are well repaired, and cattle not grazing in the meadows or grain fields or orchards. 7. Do not refuse to make correct experiments, in a small way, of many new things. 8. Plant fruit-trees well, care for them, and of course get good crops. 9. Practice economy by giving stock shelter during the winter; also good food, taking out all that is unsound, half rotten, or mouldy. 10. Do not keep tribes of cats and snarling dogs around the premises, which eat more in a month than they are worth in a life-time. Journal of Chemistry. Oriental economy __Oriental economy. England washes most of the manure made by her people into the ocean, and then hunts over the globe from Egypt to Peru for more to waste. The United States does no better. But the natives of Japan and China maintain the fertility of their soil by saving what those who pretend to be civilized throw away. They have no worn-out, abandoned fields. Nine quarts of milk, on the average... __Nine quarts of milk, on the average, are required to make a pound of butter. Since 1860 the wool-clip of the United States... __Since 1860 the wool-clip of the United States has more than trebled; or doubled in less than ten years. The fact that England is exporting humblebees... .. . The fact that England is exporting humblebees to some of her eastern domains, for the valuable purpose of fertilizing red clover, calls to our mind that in one of the earlier works of Darwin, this keen observer treated on the subject of cats and clover. In said work, he estimated the number of mice hi the fields from the number of cats in the vicinity; and the number of bees by the number of mice nests remaining for the bees' households. He summed up thus: The more cats, the less mice; consequently the less humblebees; and with these wanting to fertilize the clover, the Isss clover. England, in transporting bees to New Zealand, is paying a grand tribute to the wisdom of Darwin. *