PHILOSOPHICAL BRANCH Warts may be removed... ... .Warts may be removed, says a celebrated physician, by rubbing them night and morning with a moistened piece of muriate of ammonia. They soften and dwindle away, leaving no such mark as follows their dispersion with lunar caustic. Glue frequently cracks... . .. Glue frequently cracks because of the dryness of the air in rooms warmed by stoves. An Austrian contemporary recommends the addition of a little chloride of calcium to glue to prevent this disagreeable property of cracking. Chloride of calcium is such a deliquescent salt that it attracts enough moisture to prevent the glue from cracking. Glue thus prepared will adhere to glass, metal, etc., and can be used for putting on labels without danger of their dropping off. A Dane has invented an arrangement... __A Dane has invented an arrangement to take the place of crutches, by which the cripple can go fast or slow, and up or down stairs without touching his feet to the ground or working but one arm. A cubic inch of gold... __A cubic inch of gold is worth $146, a cubic foot $252,288. The quantity of gold now in existence is estimated to be $3,000,000,000, which, welded in one mass, could be contained in a cube of 23 feet. Recent investigations with new apparatus... __Recent investigations with new apparatus, made by Professor Cornu, at Paris, show the velocity of light to be 300,400 kilometres or 186,660 miles per second. This was the mean of 508 observations. The signal recently erected on the summit... __The signal recently erected on the summit of Mt. Shasta, Cal., by the coast survey, is a hollow cylinder of galvanized iron, twelve feet high, and two and a half in diameter, surmounted by a cone of nickelplated copper. The reflection from this cone is so strong that it is believed the signal can be used for observations at a distance of 100 miles. A singular mathematical fact __A singular mathematical fact. Any number of figures you may wish to multiply by 5 will give the same result if divided by 2 — a much quicker operation ; but you must remember to annex a cipher to the answer, whenever there is no remainder, and when there is a remainder, whatever it may be, annex a 5 in the answer. Multiply 464 by 5, and the answer will be 2,320; dividing the same number by 2 and you will have 232, and as there is no remainder, add a cipher. Now take 357, and multiply by 5; there is 1,785. Divide the same number by 2, and you have 178 and a remainder; you therefore place a 5 at the end of the line, and the result is again 1,785.