THE ESSENTIAL SACRIFICE JOS. T. CURRY 'The Mighty God hath spoken — ' Gather my zealous ones together unto me, those that have made a covenant with me by sacrifice.' These words of the Hebrew singer are better met by the Shakers than by any other order now existing. Their great principle of sexual purity is the very thing implied by the word •' sacrifice'. The idea came from the Mosaic tabernacle, which typified the perfect church or temple of the Living God, in which shall congregate the 144,000 sealed ones, ' the first fruits unto God and the Lamb' Before the door of the tabernacle stood an altar on which was sacrificed each morning and evening a lamb —a whole burnt offering. The first one to fulfill this type was Jesus of Nazareth, of whom John the Baptist said: ' Behold the Lamb of God.' Jesus was a virgin, a eunuch, sacrificing, in obedience to the Father's command, the sexual propensity. He was an example of the kind of men that shall compose the temple on earth. He knew that eighteen centuries would elapse before his action and teaching would be fully appreciated, yet he announced the doctrine plainly : ' There are they that have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven's sake: he that is able to receive it, let him receive it.' Here is a plain, positive commandment to those who are ' able.' All who believe, as the Adventists, that the kingdom of heaven is ' near, even at the doors,' are called by the logic' of their faith to '' stand with the Lamb ' — ' follow the Lamb ' — make the sacrifice prefigured by the Lamb. No one can enter the Holy Sanctuary of Life Eternal without passing the altar at the door. They must worship at the altar, or ' the door ' will be ' shut ' against them. This altar has been erected by the Shakers, and they do right to call all of God's people to unite with them in this work. They are certainly liberal enough ; saying in effect, ' Believe what you please, only make the sacrifice.' Having very recently become acquainted with this Society, and feeling it a duty to work with them in their inspired action, I announce myself a Shaker, giving my own construction to the word. God is a Shaker; declaring that he will ' shake the heavens and the earth, and the sea, and the dry land.' He ' will shake all nations, and the desirable things of all nations shall come *' into the House of God, and it shall be filled ' with glory, saith the God of hosts.' We must either be Shakers or be shaken. If we belong to God's army, we shall agree with him when he shakes, and will be able to stand among the ' things which cannot be shaken.' Enfield, Conn.