GOLDEN SAYINGS Kind words are among the brightest flowers... Kind words are among the brightest flowers of earth; they help to convert the humblest home into a paradise. It is said that President Lincoln once said to Senator Fessenden... It is said that President Lincoln once said to Senator Fessenden: 'What is your religion?' 'Not much to boast of, but I suppose I am as much a Unitarian as any thing.' Oh, a Unitarian,' said Lincoln, ' I thought you might be an Episcopalian. Seward is Episcopal, and I notice you swear about the same as he does.' Every true hero grows by patience... Every true hero grows by patience. People who have always been prosperous are seldom the most worthy, and never in moral excellence the most strong. He who has not been compelled to suffer, has probably not begun to learn how to be magnanimous; as it is only by patience and fortitude that we can know what it is to overcome evils, or feel the pleasure of forgiving them. After the death of Abdermen, calif of Cordova, the following paper was found After the death of Abdermen, calif of Cordova, the following paper was found in his own handwriting: 'Fifty years have elapsed since I became calif. I have possessed riches, honors, pleasures, friends, in short every thing that man can desire in this world. I have reckoned up the days in which I could say that I was really happy, and they amount to fourteen.' Oh, the consummate vanity of worldly fame and greatness! Education does not commence with the alphabet... Education does not commence with the alphabet. It begins with a mother's look, with a father's nod of approbation, or his sign of reproof; with a sister's gentle pressure of the hand, or a brother's noble act of forbearance; with a handful of flowers in green and daisy meadows; with a bird's nest admired but not touched; with pleasant walks in shady lanes; and with thoughts directed, in sweet and kindly tones and words, to nature, to beauty, to acts of benevolence, to deeds of virtue, and to the source of all good — to God himself! Blackwood It is a libel on the holy and useful sacrament of work to call anxiety by its name... It is a libel on the holy and useful sacrament of work to call anxiety by its name; for work, real, honest work, is of all influences the most quieting, the most serious and consoling, a genuine happiness in disguise. Thank God for daily work! it is daily blessing, for God reaches us good things with our own hands. There is dignity as well as necessity in labor. The angels know no higher joy than service; 'the silent heavens have goings on, the stars have tasks;' and to the true worker, his labor is not altogether a question of profit and loss. Albany Express Can true piety exist without honesty... Can true piety exist without honesty? We apprehend there are some persons who think it can, but if so they are mistaken. The consistent Christian is a man of his word, a man of integrity, an upright man in all his business transactions. There may be honesty where there is no piety, but where there is piety there will be found honesty. Says Longfellow: 'Morality without religion is only a kind of dead 14 THE SHAKER. 15 reckoning, an endeavor to find our place on a cloudy sea by measuring the distance we have to run, but without any observation of the heavenly bodies.'