THE GREATEST HUMAN FOE Whest Ann Lee laid the corner-stone of the Shaker Church, she asserted that the lust of the flesh was the root of all evil.' Our subsequent efforts to keep Christian practice unspotted from the world, and above the mire of perverted human lives, attest her statement to be most righteous. Whatever controversy we have with the world, is mainly based on this issue. Humanity will renounce every thing else — riches, poverty, power and worldly honor — before it will yield for Christ, the pleasures of the lust of the flesh. We are charged with being narrow in our religious views; yet we know the need of our concentration, and cannot afford to leave this truth in obscurity, to enter upon any side issues of whatever name or nature. The gift of God most needed by the whole people to-day, is a positive, and working conviction, that those who engage in the lusts of the flesh, 'shall not enter the kingdom of G-od.' All Christianity turns on the base of an exceedingly pure life. Jesus, the Christ, never did nor could promise salvation nor heaven on any other principle, but 'following him' in the excellence of his purity. All other promises, of subsequent teachers, are counterfeits, and will not pass the scrutiny of the Omniscient. Our hopes of humanity rest on the belief, that its members will be honestly bold enough to lay aside all subterfuges, and deal their whole violence to the lusts of the flesh — the giant devil of humanity — which will not down afc the bidding of any, excepting those whose lives are rich in the identical self-denials of Christ. Striking thus boldly at the root of evil, all the future will be better and happier life; and those who will engage in the work of overcoming the lusts of the flesh, will never be justly chargeable with being circumscribed in their religious endeavors. There are many truths being evolved for our acceptance at the 'present hour — of spirit philosophy and physical necessity — and while not discarding these, we cannot forget that our mission is the salvation of souls from the lusts of the flesh and mind; and that an 'eternal vigilance is the price of such liberty.' We will accept all there is of truth in materialization by the spirits; and the testimony that meets our needs of stricter physical hygiene; and from these, if possible, draw aids in demonstration of the great central fact, that the heavenly life discards all lusts of the flesh. There are millions who believe in Shaker heavens hereafter; who hope to be transferred thither by a process, which is an hallucination, knowing no self-denial against secret, giant evils. While we promise such the bitterest disappointments, we exhort all to seek rewards, that result from the purity of practical Christianity. Brethren, the world is the better for our testimony; and although it feigns to doubt the possibility or probability of our cross-bearing lives, it pays us a silent, but just tribute, which is severely condemnatory of its own fleshly career. Let us continue. Let not the salt of our testimony lose its savor. We are truly aware of the immense gratitude that rises from honest hearts, who derive strength for their battles in fighting their monster evil. Let us preach and live courage for the world, by precept and example. And while the thoughtless sneer, and the grossly wicked ridicule, let us give assurance of the correctness of our faith, through the exceeding righteousness and purity of our lives; than which, no more powerful testimony can be delivered. Let the thoughtful be honest; let the preachers speak heaven's truth unbiased by manmade creeds; let physicians do their whole duty, and reformers strike deeply at humanity's greatest foe; and the lusts of the flesh will meet. with a check — the world will quickly approach the millennium, and these triumphs will only be excelled by the precious beatitude : Most blessed are they who overcome the lusts of the flesh !