RELIGION: WHAT IS IT? The religious world must yet be taught to see, that if a man's religious experiences, belief, or observances do not make him better, his religion is utterly worthless, and he might just as well be destitute of any. In fact, in such a case, destitution would be an advantage: for we have met persons, of whom, on personal acquaintance, we were sure that the worst things in their disposition and impulses were those they had borrowed of their religion; that they would have been more amiable, just, and loving, had their better instincts and affections not been blunted and stifled by the bigotry or the superstition they had received with their religious education. The necessity of being outspoken on this point is seen in the fact that the religious multitudes do not seem to be conscious of the wide chasm there is between the gospel they profess to follow and the doctrines and usages of any of the Christian churches. If we assume, even nominally, to be disciples of Jesus, there is no way but to study his ideas, principles, and methods: if we leave him to follow Moses, David, or Paul, so much do they differ from him that we are in sad danger of disregarding his words. Yet Jesus is almost entirely forgotten and neglected in Christian teaching, that Moses, David, and Paul may be heard, and heard, too, on points on which they are least in sympathy with him. Of all the sermons preached in this country in the last twenty-five years, we venture the estimate that the words of Jesus have not furnished the text for more than one in five hundred; and when any of his words are used, they often consist of some disjointed phrase, that means nothing out of its place : as, for example, when the simple words ' follow me,' used by Jesus merely as an invitation to personal association while he lived, are ' spiritualized' into some impossible meaning, and made to signify ' conversion,' or something else, of which he never dreamed. If Jesus were to reappear on earth, as has sometimes been suggested, it might be a question whether his indignation at the notions for which in Christian pulpits his name was made responsible, would not after all be less than his astonishment that this should be called a Christian land. He would £nd churches costly enough, and services of worship in preparing which no expense was spared; but that the only thing for which no provision was made, was that of making religious worship a power by which human life may be purified and human character ennobled. We do not expect that our religious observances will be of much practical use to us, until, at least, the conviction that such is their only true end shall be firmly lodged in the popular consciousness. This is now so far from being recognized, that the statement that religion is essentially goodness, is sometimes mentioned with something like a sneer in our best religious journals. It is time there should be a fair understanding on this point. Something of a conflict has recently sprung up as to the use of the name Christian. We care but little for names — qualities are fundamental. We see no objection to call goodness by the name of Christianity: but if Christianity in its essential elements be not goodness, that venerated name no longer has any charms for us. The New Age