THE CLARION We have been plain in giving our testimony against any admixture of Church and State, because we know, therein is a wedge, which, in the hands of either protestants or catholics, would split any constitution, and reintroduce the Inquisition with increased horrors. We again sound the clarion of warning. Councils, secret and open, are being frequently held, the whole tone of which is inimical to the perpetuity of the rights of conscience. As we prize our religious freedom, let us say to the whole clergical force, 'Hands off from the Constitution!' Let us enter protests against the presence of Bibles in the public schools, the opening of political bodies with prayer; against the name of God on any coin, and an eternal protest against the introduction of any religious term in the Constitution of the United States. 'Bender unto Caesar' (the State), what belongs to him,' 'and unto God' (the Church), what is his — and this will maintain an eternal separation. Let the Nation be awake on this subject. Our State (N. Y.), in its last election, gave a most telling rebuke to a professional clergyman, anxiously aspiring to political preferment. First read this: * * * The Hon. Felix R. Brunot, of Pittsburgh, president of the association, occupied the chair. Steps were taken to secure articles of incorporation, under the name of the National Reform Association. The maintenance of Sunday laws, the retention of the Bible in the common schools, the defense of the judicial oath and other Christian(l) features of the government, and the securing of suitable religious acknowledgments in all state constitutions, were expressly recognized as among the objects of the society. Then find in the following, a feeling of relief that the pulse of the nation beats healthily as yet: The State deals only with temporal affairs, and does not... The State deals only with temporal affairs, and does not attempt to usurp spiritual functions. Therefore the objects and methods of public education are wholly secular, but by no means necessarily, or at all immoral or irreligious. On the contrary, they are decidedly favorable to piety and morality. But, composed denominationally as the American people is, the State ought not to impart religious education. The moment such an attempt should be made the community would be in conflict as to what form it should take. It may be conceded, without danger perhaps, that the State should not teach ethics, except so far as the great fundamental principle of morals and politics as to which all Americans are agreed are concerned. The religious educationshood may and should be remitted to the family, the Sabbath-school, and the Church — the natural and divinely-appointed guardians of religion and ethics. Zion's Herald. But the question is fairly up and will not go down at the bidding of the politicians... But the question is fairly up and will not go down at the bidding of the politicians. The American people are, as a whole, terribly in earnest in their devotion to their system of free secular schools for all the people; and they are justly and decidedly jealous of any and all priestly or ecclesiastical interference with them. Christian Advocate. Not as Protestants alone, but as American citizens... Not as Protestants alone, but as American citizens, sincerely desiring the preservation of our institutions under the protection of an advancing intelligence, and with no regard to any sectarian ends, we are to day called upon to settle the vital question of the perpetuity of our free school system, and to ' denounce as a crime against liberty and Republican institutions, any project for a sectarian division or perversion of the school fund of the State.' Let it be done. Baptist Weekly.