MUSIC NO. 2 J. G. RUSSELL A certain eminent musician very aptly remarks, that ' the voice may be regarded as a musical instrument, and at least, as much care should be taken to avoid injury to it, as is taken with other musical instruments.' Under this consideration we resume the subject of music under the head of physiological voice-training. As vocal melody becomes impaired when carried beyond the proper limits of the voice, so likewise, the voice itself becomes impaired when carried beyond its proper limits; thus making a two-fold objection to this violation. But to arrive at conclusive evidence of the point at issue, we must carefully consider the origin of the voice, and every part that has to do in the production of musical tone. First, the Lungs — those great organs of the human body, whose active service is so indispensable to life and health,—how are they to be rendered fit for continued service, unless properly supplied with pure air, that all essential, vitalizing, and life-giving element ? And yet, how often, and to what an alarming extent is this negligence carried by many of the would-beproficient songsters of our day. An interesting incident of this neglect occurs to mind, and may not be out of place for record here. A short time since, as the writer was officiating as singing teacher, the choir was being exercised in that peculiar part of music drill, called breathing. The command was given for each singer to inflate the lungs, when an exasperated young songstress quaintly remarked that she would gladly do so, had she any thing to fill them with. This timely hint was not without its desired effect, for the doors were immediately thrown open, and the proper means of ventilation attended to, as far as consistent, and the command again given to inflate, was promptly obeyed, with satisfactory results. It is an observation of quite frequent occurrence that an ill-ventilated singing apartment will have such a serious effect on the choir, that with all the powers at command, the singers are utterly unable to sustain the key. But at such a crisis, the simple opening of a door or window will affect a wonderful change for the better. Elder Frederick W. Evans, one of our most worthy veterans in the great physiological reform movement, once suggested to the writer that ' in every church, music hall, or wherever a mass of human bodies were assembled, there should be one or more individuals officiating in the ventilating department : — stepping into the crowded room every few minutes, and marking the exact condition there.' If human life depends so much upon the invigorating draughts of pure air, why should not the above suggestion be regarded of as much necessity as that of a body of police at a camp meeting ? With the rapid march of progress it is to be trusted that this fact will become acknowledged generally, and that our musical assemblies will soon be ornamented with the presence of a physiological police. Again, surprising as it may seem, it is nevertheless true, that many singers are very deficient in the practical art of breathing! Whether this defect is occasioned by the protracted habit of inhaling impure air, back, even, to the earliest days of infancy, or from some other personal defect best known to the individual, remains a problem to be solved. But the facts are apparent, that in breathing, but a very small amount of air is taken into the lungs in proportion to the amount which the lungs are capable of retaining. To prove this assertion would require no very extensive investigation into scientific physiology further than individuals are capable of experimenting for themselves. However, a few brief extracts from physiological authority may subserve the purpose of bringing the subject to clearer light: but this we will leave for the coming number.