THE GRAND SEAL OF CHRISTIAN HUMANITY When the millennium shall have dawned — when '' the fulfillment of the law ' is established — when the Seal, by which '' men shall know the disciples ' of Christ is ever apparent, then shall we realize that Love rules all creation. The golden rule of Confucius, adopted and extended by Jesus, means more than it says. '' All mine are thine — and thine are mine' — fall with crushing weight on the great sin of the world — unchristian selfishness. 'Brotherly love' means something more than poesy — Christian fraternity, more than cooperative partnerships. To love others who love us is an easy matter; the drift of all humanity, good and bad alike, agreeably acknowledges this. To love those who please us — who do just as we direct— is an affection as noted in the devils, as in exalted saints. The comparative remark of Jesus: ' Greater love than this, hath no man, that he lay down his life for his friend,'1'1 is superlatively surpassed by love for those inimical — for those who do not love us. This love is something more than airy substance, which breaths unmake or make at pleasure — more than rythmic poetry implies, and sterner prose in action, than found in paragraphs. Its name has been usurped by passion, and profaned to unholy uses through all time past, still its eternal principles are pure. The law of heaven is love; — in heaven on earth, no less than elsewhere. To know that God loves us, in our obedience and waywardness alike, every day's blessings bring us to quick conclusions. To know that we love one another, is knowledge unattained, and made impossible, by every exception we actually present, or mentally reserve. No sentiment is more prevalent in Shaker song than Love. It is well. Turn we often from the sentiment, to know that love lives not in song alone ? Do we realize, as we should, that love has head and heart, hands and feet, voice and prayer, and unreserved consecration to every unselfish conclusion ? Do we think, that all barrenness of prayerful offerings — all failures in spiritual struggles— all 'aching void,' and want of life and zeal, of courage and confidence, have been and may be predicated upon '' remembering thou has aught against thy brother,' sister, friend or enemy ? How truly the song : 'The wayward and erring most need our affection— ' Withhold not this boon.' • * • Again : ' If we love not each other as sister and brother, ' How can we love God ? ' And again : 11 My life I'll square, roy habits change, ' 'Til love I am possessing.' And listen: 'Love,love, practical lovk, that will appear in my words and my ways,— ' Love that will clothe me, and cause me to speak, kind to the strong and wise to the weak! ' And how faithfully do we comply with: ' Not alone for those who love you, are you called to do good— 'Nor for those who seek your comfort, giving honor to your word— 'But bless ye those who curse you — for those who hate you pray, ' For if you only give, where much is given to you, why is reward expected ? ' Or why the kingdom due ? Love ye your enemies, ' Do good, to those who love you not I ' And yet, it is so common, the world over, to make ' the weak bear their own burdens ;' to fail the helping hand to rise; and oftener give the gibe and kick to those who've stumbled! 'The milk of human kindness,' and Christian affection, are too seldom seen expressing themselves in reclamation of the erring; while oftener the cold chill of unchristian indifference and sectarian slight replace them! How true it is, where one is found in error, loving souls can only magnify the gospel by helping the sufferer up! Whose value is enhanced, by any unchristian or ignominious action ? Love, not only ' worketh no ill,' but tcorketh all, and every good. Community Life, like every gift of God, is intended to circumvent selfishness. Brethren, Friends! We are blest with unusual facilities for the outworking of Christian love — as opposed to the me-and-mine principle of the common marital relation. Like every other gift, Communism may be equally perverted, to its selfish opposite — its accumulated force, and genuine aims, be made to contribute to the selfish area of me and those icho oest love me ! but, as standing before high heaven, holding a sacred trust, let us acquit ourselves as men and women of God! If Communism fails, selfishness, and those who practice it, shall bear the responsibility. THE SHA.KER. But it must not fail. Let those charged with the treasury of millennial hope, life, energy and human redemption, so unselfishly live that it may be well said: 'Behold, how these Christians love one another!' and, as those 'passing from death unto life,' let us each work and pray with Abou Ben Adhem: ' I pray thee, then, Write me as one who loves my fellow men I ' *