MUSIC, NUMBER THREE. J. G. RUSSELL Physiologists reveal to us the startling fact that,the human lungs are composed, in part, of little air-cells, numbering nearly or quite six hundred millions; — all of which nature lias designed to be kept thoroughly and constantly active, by the involuntary process of respiration. At this point a few short extracts from reliable authority will best convey the needful information intended by this article. ' 1st. The volume of air ordinarily present in the lungs is about twelve pints. 2nd. The volume of air received by the lungs at an ordinary inspiration is one pint. 3rd. The volume of air expelled from the lungs at an ordinary expiration is a little less than one pint.' [Dr. Southwood Smith.] Again — 'In health, the smallest number of respirations in a minute by an adult, is not less than fourteen, and they rarely exceed twenty-five. Eighteen may be considered an average number.' [Gutter.] From the foregoing quotations, the evidence should be sufficiently clear, to prove that a far greater portion of air received into the lungs, is that which has been breathed over a number of times — as for instance — 'a school-room thirty feet square and eight feet high contains 7,200 cubic feet of air. This room will seat sixty pupils, and allowing ten cubic feet of air to each pupil per minute, all the air in the room will be vitiated in twelve minutes.' [Cutter.] And yet how frequent is this occurrence manifest, in many of our music halls, where music is the all-absorbing theme of the hour! The writer is here reminded of a somewhat pleasing interchange of musical ideas between a couple of members of a singing school. The interesting question arose whether the human voice was a wind instrument, musically, or a stringed one. The debate was not long continued, before both parties arrived at a permanent conclusion that the voice was a wind instrument, as otherwise it would have continued its sonorous effects, even when the atmospheric element was in a state of unendurable stagnation. Now, in the effort to remedy this prevailing evil of illventilation, a two-fold barrier presents itself; for while we are striving to remove the vitiated air from our suffering lungs on the one hand, we become exposed to chilly, atmospheric currents on the other. A wide field is here open for architectural improvements in ventilation, which, it is hoped, will be thoroughly investigated, and active measures taken to remedy this physiological evil, throughout the entire length and breadth of our land. It does not seem essential to swell this article with scientific explanations or illustrations, to prove that which is known already — that pure atmospheric air is needful to produce pure and healthy blood. Suffice it to say that the culture of vocal music finds its ground work, as really in the proper development of the respiratory process, as music itself finds its groundwork in the proper arrangement and modulation of tones.