THE LAW AND THE GOSPEL ALONZO HOLLISTER ' The Law was a shadow of good things to come ;' for though the substance to which the law pointed, existed, it could not come to man, until he was prepared, by growth, to comprehend it. So also the natural creation was formed to typify eternal things to which man was made heir, and destined to enter into possession, when sufficiently disciplined in temporal things, that he make no mistakes while dealing with eternal substances ; and sufficiently unfolded to apprehend those substances, from the manifestation of figures representing them to his outward senses ; as children learn from signs, called letters, to comprehend what is contained in books. The reflection of this eternal substance upon man's consciousness, causes some sagacious minds to the opinion, that there can be no such things as miracles, or special providences ; because God operates by unchangeable laws. And so he does, where those laws are not violated ; for, where all is perfect order, harmonious adaptation of means to ends, there is probably no need of specials. Laws are not self-operators, but principles through which intelligent agency is manifested. In the rudhnental stage of signs, shadows, types and figures, the confusion caused by a wide departure from primitive law, man created needs that would not otherwise have existed ; and these necessities increase in proportion to the extent of departure. Accordingly as we near the eternal substance, by obedience to the law of eternal life, revealed in Christ, through whom the substance is manifested, the need of special providences is much diminished — in consequence of that uniform action, and adaptation of means to ends, which characterize all works of creation, over which the will of Infinite Wisdom exercises supreme control. The intimate connection of the visible and invisible worlds, was first interrupted by man's fall from moral rectitude. God, in compassion for man's frailty, then promised, to all who would repent, a restoration of relationship to the higher order. That is, where the purpose of the natural order was so far accomplished, that the work designed to supersede it, would begin in those sufficiently unfolded to accept it. Though a large portion of mankind, presuming upon the goodness, and emboldened by the forbearance of God, continued adding sin to sin — and many hardened their hearts against all entreaty — despised the law of God, and trampled under foot his offers of mercy, yet there remained a resolute few, who chose to keep God's commandments, at whatever cost of selfish ease and carnal pleasure ; and through these the restitution began, according to the promise of God. By them, the way of the tree of life has been held in trust for the race — in them, the kingdom of heaven, comprising the substance of all previous signs, types, and shadows, continues to be revealed; whereby a restitution of peace, order and union will be effected in all who will obey its laws, to the sacrifice of selfish life, and the things that pertain thereto. Without this sacrifice the works of death cannot be destroyed from the soul, nor the sting of death be taken away. But by this sacrifice, the soul is liberated from the power of temptation, and restored to union with its creator, from whom all good gifts flow, to perfect the soul in works of righteousness, which bring contentment and everlasting peace.