WE ARE NOT YET A FREE PEOPLE. AN OPEN LETTER Shaker Village, Shirley, Mass., February 1, 1876. Honored Friend, G. T. Angell, Boston : Allow me to thank you for your many labors of love. In so much as you have done good to any one, you have done it unto me. A presentation of the facts from time to time in the future, which you have already brought before the public, showing, that crime is on the increase in this highly favored State, cannot but do good. As citizens of this republic, we have several grave problems to solve in reference to its perpetuity. The effect of our system of finance, including usury, (one per cent is usury), on the creation of crime, requires serious attention. When the farmers as a body, invest elsewhere than in their farms, trouble is not far off. The existence, and the rapid rise of so many millionaires in our midst, is anomalous with the logic of a republic ; in the nature of things they are the offspring of wrong conditions, and are clothed with power not compatible with the general good. At their will, they can vitiate the sources of law and justice ; and when it suits their interests, can change commercial values, and tax consumers, as the monarchs of the old world do their subjects. The relation of the employer and the employed, increasingly presses itself on public notice. The late existence of slavery was only a labor question. The idea that moral agents, citizens of a republic, should be left by thousands, or even a single citizen, in the hands of millionaires, or companies of capitalists, the latter parties being in possession of the enormous productive energies of our times, and the former to do their will — glut the markets to repletion ; and then suffer destitution from the very abundance they have created — thrown out of employment, on to the labor market as a commodity ! is an astounding crime against the republic. That a moral agent, responsible to his own knowledge of right, to the Supreme Being, to his fellow citizens, and to all the demands of the republic, should be left to compete with iron, steam, and steel, in the hands of these parties, is atrocious — is the hugest crime of the nineteenth century. Just as sure as the labor question at the South was met, so surely will the labor question at the North, press to be adjusted. If not adjusted, then the great republic — the hope of humanity — will prove a failure ; which I think cannot be. Our brethren of the late slave States would not listen to words of wisdom. Their persistence in wrong culminated; then He, who governs the moral universe by law, as He does the material one, met them in their own paths, broke the yoke of bondage, and buried that form of human vassalage, beneath the dead bodies of the oppressor, and with the havoc of war, destroyed their ill-gotten property. Is there not a lesson here for us at the North ? This ever-pressing and momentous subject, if not settled in wisdom, may be solved as was that of slave labor, in awful convulsions, dire calamities, and fearful destruction. With me, it is a matter of deep concern, that the conditions of all the citizens of our loved republic, should be favorable to its perpetuity. Would it not be well for those who have statesmen's hearts, who feel the approaching future, to take steps in gentle ways and manners, and teach us how to secure a healthful distribution of all the products of labor, and thus avert impending evil ? Have we not one common Father? Why should not the blessings of civilization be as equally distributed as the rain which falls alike on all ? Are not the accumulations of wealth the fruits of modern civilization ? If so, is it morally wholesome that it should be left to accumulate at some points to fester into extravagance, and be withdrawn from others, causing want, discontent, degradation and crime ? Would it not be well for every producer to have an interest in the fruit of his labor as has the employer, and so cease to be virtually a slave ? Is it ever taken into consideration, that the domestic surroundings of men of wealth today, exceed those of princes of the fifteenth century ? while in this day, the surroundings of the poor are in many, very many cases destructive of health and life, and the means of living as limited nearly, and more uncertain than of that century ? Again, the wealth alluded to, is the outcome of the intellectual labor, not of a class, but of society. Therefore, the enormously productive energies of mechanical and chemical appliances belong of right to all. They should be assistants, not competitors with moral agents as is now the case. The ancients founded their republics under the light of other ideas than those of our day. The peculiar relation of families to one another, and the existence of a lower stratum of families in their societies, who had neither a hearth, altar nor priest; and of course, had no religious nor political position, necessarily caused great difficulties. When these occurred, there was no way to settle them but by overpowering the ruling families. Hence to maintain social equilibrium, from time to time, those who had amassed much land, were either killed, or driven off, and the land divided. In the histories of these republics, when favorable aspects presented themselves, no doubt their profoundest thinkers favored a somewhat just distribution of the land — an approximation toward Jewish equality. Land being the source of human sustenance, of social and judicial equality; and a regulator of the exchange, and values of commercial equivalents ; to insure perpetuity to modern republics every citizen should be a landholder, or have access to land at all times. To buy and sell, as we do a manufactured commodity, is to make those who cannot buy it, a commodity also ; and is the veriest opposite of the idea of loving the neighbor as we do self. The Jewish idea was an approximation to Christianity — ' the land could not be sold for ever;' only to the Jubilee. Under Christian ideas, land can neither be bought nor sold. To do so, is to make servants — slaves of our brethren. Kossuth remarked, ' The Christian nation is not yet.' Therefore we have troubles enough, and more, and worse in prospect. The earth is the Lord's, not man's. The mission of this republic is justice to all; and is identical with Christian ideas and sentiments. Were the sages of antiquity to appear now, would they not congratulate us, ' that we were free from the demoralizing influences which bound them as with iron bands? With them, families with their gods and priests, were little worlds in themselves. Each family and its gods, were isolated from, if not antagonistic to, all other families and their gods ; and in their wars sought the destruction of both. That now, we had the glorious opportunity to accept the human family as a unit, and to have no god but our Father who is in Heaven — who has given to all his children alike, the surface of this planet for their sustenance, as he has given the air we so freely breathe.' And further, they could say, ' That to lend upon interest, is to tax poverty ; creates false conditions in society ; is contrary to the feeling of benevolence, and to all the higher attributes of our being ; and repellent of the injunction of Him whom we profess to pattern after — lend, hoping for nothing again.' Can it be said that the foregoing is impracticable ? Did not the founders of this republic, through many sufferings, bequeath to us a social compact organically just ? Having such magnificent opportunities, shall we fail to render it so? Nay, let us advance a step, be more than just — be beneficent; then it will be easy to be just. The time has indeed arriven for nations and individuals to manifest to each other a divine humanity — to breathe forth into practicability the inspiration of our loved neighbor Emerson : ' And each shall care for other. And each to each shall bend, To the poor a noble brother, To the good an equal friend' I have written from the midst of a Shaker Community. Your form of government is organically just. Ours, is organically divine. Carry out your ideas into practice, and permanence, peace, prosperity are yours. Carrying out ours, a stability, peace, and prosperity which has never been exceeded, is ours now. Those who have an inward feeling — a craving to live the higher life —to realize in themselves, in their every day life, the inspiration of the poet we have quoted, may visit us. With sentiments of deep respect, I have the happiness to be your friend. Daniel Fraser