THE RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE RICH The recent deaths of several millionaires — Singer, Astor, Rothschild and others—having quickened the pulse of the people, call into consideration the words of Jesus: 'How hardly shall they who have riches enter the kingdom of God.' There is an unreasonable antagonism between the poor and rich, caused by the fact that they are so. The mere fact of one person being capable of accumulating millions, while another is not, is an insufficient cause for either self-exaltation or envy. But it is a fact that the great disparity in the ability of individuals to accumulate gold, occasions more inimical feelings, than an excessive ability to accumulate any thing else. The reason of this is patent to everybody—that the power which ever accompanies the accumulation of wealth, is so invariably used to promote excessive selfishness; and not for the ends of philanthropy. For the rich man to feel, that he is in no way responsible for the comfort of his poorer neighbors, is one of the most prominent of human mistakes. There is, no doubt, wealth enough in the world, to make all very comfortable. With those having superior ability to make fortunes, rests the responsibility of being 'my brothers' keeper,' to an extent equaling their excess of ability to get rich. But while this responsibility is accepted and exercised scarcely anywhere — (probably nowhere, with unreserved, unselfish consecration to philanthropy) — yet we find the best illustrations of this, in the introductory exercises of the early Pentecostal Church, and in Communities, where individuals composing such, have solemnly promised God and each other, to devote their all — wealth, strength, time and talents — for the general good; and to fare and share alike, in all the comforts and misfortunes that may follow. And where this excellent system is honestly practiced, there is neither rich nor poor, master nor slave; neither aristocratic dominancy nor servile mendicancy; but '' we are brethren,'1'' is the happy, general feeling. Has the story of Dives and Lazarus no worthy application in our days? Tell us, you who can, wherein Wni. B. Astor differed from him called Dives, in olden times? Was he not grasping for gold, and most active in 'laying up treasurers on earth,' until sickness and death seized him? While he rioted in uncounted millions, did the poor find in him a friend? Would the paltry sums bequeathed by his will, favorably compare with the value of a dime, which some men give to a passing beggar? Holding, the wherewithal to relieve the untold miseries of the thousands on every side of him, did he prove himself the value of a smile, a sunbeam, or a loaf of bread to a single household, other than his own? He died, forced to leave, what he would gladly have held through all eternity. What treasure has he now? ' That is the question.' With the simplest power to reason upon causes and their effects, who would have lived and died as did he? Instead of being an object of envy and enmity, does he not excite our pity? and his ill-gotten, useless pile of gold, and pyramid of selfish sordidity of character — are not these to be fled from, as from the devil? 'It is easier for a camel to pass the ' Needle's Eye,' than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven.' Rev. Newman Hall, visiting Jerusalem, writes: ' At a certain hour of the night, the gates to the main entrances of the city are closed, and there is no ingress excepting through the ' Needle's Eye '—agate so small and low, that men and women must stoop to pass it; and a camel to pass it, must be unloaded, and crawl through on his knees.'1'' Here's Astor's chance of getting in, and those of like ilk. Rich men and women: Make your wealth an honor and a blessing,— study your eternal interests by devoting it '' to charitable and religious (not sectarian) purposes ; ' and let it not bar your entrance to happiness in the eternal world. The subjoined paragraphs may, or may not have been delivered in propria persona, but they are true in principle, agreeably with our instructions. We copy from the Banner of Light: 'Gardner Brewer, a wealthy gentleman of Boston, recently deceased, reported himself as follows: ' I am strangely bound to the things I called my own, and if I have wings of aspiration, I cannot use them in consequence of this binding. I am absolutely dissatisfied with myself and every thing else, but suppose I shall outlive it, as people who seem to be good in this spirit-world tell me, but how soon God alone knows! I could wish that I had gone out of this life without owning so much as a foot of ground whereon to stand, but I cannot change matters now, so I must take the consequences. I called Boston my home. It was; but I cannot tell now whether I have one or not; but am assured by kind, benevolent spirits who are attendant upon me that I shall gain a better condition by coming here, and taking a new start.' *