For The Shaker. A VISION HENRY T. CHILD, M. D. 'Behold I set before thee an open door, and no man can shut it.'—Rev. 3, viii. As I was musing upon this text I beheld a vision. I saw a great multitude of people going up a very steep hill, the paths were exceedingly rough and thorny, and sometimes great rocks were in the way which it seemed almost impossible to get over. There were all sorts of wild beasts in the road, among them I saw lizards and serpents of various kinds, and other slimy, creeping things. Many of the people had some of these animals traveling with them. Most persons seemed to be troubled and were glad to make companions of the animals, for they were nearer to them, and did not seem inclined to help one another, but generally they were taking advantage of each other. I saw women, who were wearied with their journey, and they sat down by the way-side, and as the men came along they did not take any notice of them, but would step on them and walk over them, not heeding in the least their cries. All along this road I could see open places in the form of crosses, and I heard a voice saying: ' Behold I set before thee an open door, and no man can shut it.' I watched them closely, and after a time I saw one who was about to enter in, having become very weary of the journey of life. I stood near to him and there came two shining angels, who said unto him : ' Thou must strip thyself of every thing, even thy garments, and go in without any covering, for behold there are robes of righteousness for all who enter.' He began to strip himself, but there were some little things that he desired to take with him, and the angel said in a very firm, but kind voice : ' No ! thou must confess, and lay aside every thing, or thou canst not enter in.' But he replied: ' Oh I cannot do this.' So he went on his way, hoping for a more convenient season, and these angels left him. Others came and said to him : ' Foolish man that thou art, put on thy clothes and take thy treasures with thee for the road will soon be smoother.' Then a little angel, pure and white, whispered in his ear: 'See that thou do it not.' And strength came to him for he had overcome temptation, and he said: ' I will, by the help of God and holy angels, confess and strip off every thing and enter in.' Then I saw him take off many things that had been concealed from my vision, and throw them away, and as he passed through the narrow door there was not a hairs' breadth of room for any thing but himself. I watched many others who looked toward the opening, but they were going along with the animals. Some leading these, and others being led by them. I asked one of the spirits that was there if I might look in at one of these cross doors ? He replied, ' Yes,' and I did so. There I saw a beautiful road, there were green pastures and still waters, but no wild and ferocious animals. The people were all helping each other along, and were very happy, singing songs of praise as they went along.