CHRISTIAN DUTY MEASURED BY KNOWLEDGE ELDER A. PERKINS In consideration of doctrines so palpable as those given by the immediate apostles in confirmation of the teachings of Jesus, in reference to real Christian life and character, that, with intelligent minds, there should exist such extreme ignorance, I am exceedingly puzzled. Listen: 1st John 2: 16. 'All that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the Father, but is of the world.' The spirit arising from these three branches, which constitute the world, is almost universally the ruling element in man — professor and profane. Paul tells the Galatians that '' He that soweth to his flesh, shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the spirit, shall of the spirit reap life everlasting.' Also, that ' The flesh lusteth against the spirit and the spirit against the flesh, and these are contrary, the one to the other. The works of the flesh are manifest, which are these: adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies, envyings, murders, drunkenness, revilings and such like.' Can language be clearer and more to the point, showing the tree which bears such fruit? Such testimony, with the example of Jesus before us, together with a thorough knowledge of ourselves, gives unequivocal evidence of this fact — that in this world is to be found only a shadow of genuine Christianity. The fruits of the tree we cultivate will crop out, no matter what the profession; our works follow us, declaring our condition ; we are known by our fruits. Verily, we see an extensive field open for labor; the marvel being that conviction seems so withdrawn from the earth; it is so limited in its operations, that with all that has been done to christianize man, so little manifestly exists, of real, genuine Christianity; that in man and in the fruit of his work, there is to be found such a destitution of the character and spirit of the gospel of Christ. And while we would recognize the good we realize exists in the earth — while we would defend and preserve it, we should also feel bound to be severe upon error and in our condemnation of evil. Not because of custom or popular feeling should we uphold a wrong, bless it, or give it any other than its true and legitimate name; not because our fathers had not received a clear vision and perfect sight of science or religion, and thus through ignorance were in any degree led by false faith, should we shut out the light and continue to walk in darkness, allowing no growth, unfoldment or progression ; but as patience will give a perfect work, so let wisdom render hers. By promise indubitable, the earth is to be full of the knowledge of the Lord, and a highway is to be cast up, which will give souls a privilege to travel in and find an increase of righteousness, which will extend unto and beyond the confines of earth. Otherwise, why the mission of the Saviour to preach to the spirits in prison which were disobedient in the days of Noah! Jesus was commissioned to perform no foolish errand. In his mission, he evidently did a work of mercy, whose result gave not only knowledge to those ignorant transgressors, but power by which they could improve. Progress is eternal: Tell us no more that it ends with earthly life. This is a contradiction of the declaration of the Saviour of the world, in that he was the only door of hope to lost humanity; a denial of the justice of God. No soul is deprived of mercy and cut off from God, without a knowledge of the revelation of this plan of salvation. There is no condemnation without disobedience to known light; the destiny of no man is fixed, so long as he is ignorant of truth; and equally inconsistent is the doctrine, that man is saved and reigns with Christ, without a knowledge of him and his requirements, and a baptism into his holy spirit. What then? The answer is clear; if man receives not the full revelation of his duty to God, to his fellow-man and to himself while in this world, (which is the case with all who preceded the advent of the Saviour, and which is equally true of millions who have departed this life since that date), God in His justice will open the way for knowledge to those who are waiting in the spirit land, as were those who were ignorant, and on whom the long-suffering of God waited in the days of Noah.