THE TRUE CRITERION SARAH ANN NEAL Since the first dawn of the Christian era, many individuals, under the title of prophets, have arisen with apparently great., but shallow power, to declare the doctrines of some socalled, new life ; their ideas of the only true road to heaven and happiness. Not satisfied with the simple, yet plain teachings of the Christ, they have endeavored to soothe their own minds into an unchristrian belief, and by false theories of meaningless words, (better adapted to sustain the selfish proclivities of perverted dispositions,) have exercised their artificial powers, to wield an influence over the minds of general humanity, that would veil the genuine truth of the Christian gospel, from the undeveloped spiritual understanding. But, humanity in very many instances have failed to become convinced of the truth of these false theories. Nor is it to be wondered at; for fruits of spirit growth have not evolved from their teachings. And now in this age of reason, intelligence and advanced spiritual light, it is not even to be conjectured, that religious quacks are going to appease the restless, agitated minds of individuals with false and erroneous doctrines. But the results of so much false teaching, is, to-day, manifested by the infidels extant in the world; who failing to find in professional churches the truth their souls so much desire and need, become the infidels they are. The ' spirit of the letter,' even, is not there; hence no spiritual good is obtained. But, it is better to be unbelieving, than thoroughly imbued with error. The standard of truth as lived by Jesus, the Christ, is the true criterion by which we may know the relation we bear to the infinite spirit of goodness, by whose power we have our existence, and to whose acceptance we should daily live. Nor is the momentous truth of Christian testimony to be mistaken for the eloquence of artificial creeds, whose sounds greet the ear pleasantly, but affect the soul wrongly. The purity of Christian life and testimony is the line of demarcation, which separates those who embrace and fully practice its pure principles, from the natural, sensual order of the world, and the elements which constitute that order. And the work of the day, for those who would realize a salvation from sin, and a power to live above the practices thereof, is to learn and obey the truth, as taught and lived, by our Christian predecessors. Keep this line of demarcation drawn, between the elements of good and evil, and the result will be a growth of soul, by the practice of heavenly principles, that will dispossess the human mind of every doubt it may entertain in regard to what truly is a religious life. Make the heart a pure temple for the indwelling of the holy spirit, then will our actions give expression to pure minds, and our words be mediums to convey to others chaste and holy thoughts.