RUSKIN, TO THE RESCUE Ruskin, the pen-painter of England, believes in the possibility of a heaven on earth; and is about to attempt one of the most gigantic schemes, to relieve his countrymen of the twin curses of pauperism and slavery. A large estate having been secured, it is believed, operations will begin in the early spring. Basing his enterprise on ' the nobleness of hnman nature, the majesty of its faculties, the fullness of its mercies and the joy of its love,' he enlists, under the Society of St. George, to make a practical reality, what has long been considered a Utopian dream. Large estates are to be bought by the Society; on these villages are to be inaugurated, the land rented to as many individuals as it will comfortably maintain — the rents being reduced, as the land is improved. Every one must labor for his daily bread ; where manual labor will do the work, no machinery will be permitted ; in proportion as this rule proves a disadvantage, the rents will be reduced. The destruction of timber is prohibited ; the tenants must not ' deceive., kill, nor hunt any living creature, nor destroy any beautiful thing;' and must love their neighbors as themselves; and even where this appears impossible, ' they must act as if they did I ' In every village the population will be restricted, towns and cities being discouraged. Schools will be inaugurated, also museums and libraries. Stores will be established, which will be stocked primarily with food and clothing ; subsequently with books and works of art. The dress will be regulated — ' quite as much for the pride of the maid as the mistress, for the man as the master;' everybody must dress well; none will be allowed to wear the cast-off clothing of others, nor sell nor pawn their own to others. None will be permitted to appear in rags on the street. Health, peace, prosperity and plenty are to be aimed at, and every thing must bend to these desiderata. ' I do very believe,' says Ruskin, ' perceive and admit in convinced sorrow, that I live in the midst of a nation of thieves and murderers ; that everybody round me is trying to rob everybody else ; and that not bravely and strongly, but in the most cowardly, and loathesome ways of lying trade! ' To prevent these, and to establish every man and woman 21 22 THE SHAKER. ' under their own vine and fig tree,' it is his intention to turn the aid of millions of money ; and let us all hope that his expectations may not prove a Utopia. *