ANOTHER HOUR IN THE DAY OF PROGRESS ELDER G. B. AVERY Purity of Life, not amalgamation of religious professions, nor union of professors who are antichristian in their life practice, is the panacea for the human race. Realizing a want of power over sin, of ability to rise above the level of worldly elements, and their sorrowful life-experiences— a want of strength to sustain even the religious professions of nominal Christianity — the divided and subdivided sects of Christian professors are looking to amalgamation of creedal faiths — union of religious societies, and harmony of religious professors, in the belief that Jesus paid the whole debt of sufferings, for all the sins that believers in his name commit, as the catholicon for curing the physical, moral and spiritual ills of the human family. But the light of truth reveals this to be a most prominent error. No combination or amalgamation of any number of impotent medical preparations is equal to the cure of disease, whether physical, moral or spiritual! Mankind are religiously diseased — a cancerous tumor of the imputed righteousness of Jesus is eating out their soul's life. A palsy, consisting of the belief that the animal blood of the man Jesus, shed upon the Calvary cross, is the atonement for all the sins of believers in Christ, is curdling the spiritual blood in the veins of nearly all souls in professional Christendom. The lamentable fact is that all the popular religious creeds propose salvation, by the sufferings of Jesus, from the guilt, condemnation and powerful consequences of sin, instead of salvation from sin itself, by a personal cross against all sinful indulgences. This is a base plan of salvation, never conceived by the Divine Mind, nor taught by Jesus; and is instituted as an accommodation to a sin-loving race, who are still undesirous of being saved from its pleasures. It is a religious malpractice, engrafted on almost the entire tree of human development, and characterizes the physico-medical practice of our race, applicable to both body and soul, in all the lanes of life; prescribing remedies for, rather than preventives of disease. It is no less characteristic of the moral and religious therapeutics of the popular masses of so-called moral reformers, and Doctors of Divinity. Painkillers — in other words, nerve deathdealers, to benumb human sensibility; put the body to sleep; tone down the moral sense to the point of indifference, and bring the spiritual consciousness to a level so low, that no condemnation is felt for violations of spiritual law which result in death of soul, are the prescribed remedies for human ills! The simple truth is, mankind do not want to be saved from sin, but in the indulgence of sin; they desire to enjoy its pleasures, but to be saved from the consequences. They crave the disposition that engenders disease, but to be saved from sickness; hence, the physician who teaches hygienic laws, for either body or soul — laws requiring self-denial, purity of thought, word and deed are distasteful to the majority. A religion embracing the power of salvation from sin, is, by the popular throng, as undesirable as a frost in June, because it cuts off the anticipated harvest of sinful pleasures. Thus the ship of human reform for health and happiness in body, mind or spirit, is embarrassed by blockades on all seas of life; and a work of redemption which might be accomplished in a twelvemonth, by the adoption of Purity, — abstinence from the lusts of the flesh, from thoughts that blush with shame, indulgence in stimulants that fire the blood, in narcotics that benumb the senses is not wrought out in a thousand years. The harmony of religious faith — the inspiration of heavenly baptisms that would flow from the honest confession and leaving off of sin in a week, are voluminously written about, oratorically talked of, and animatedly draped in song, as in the distant future, but are only known as in a dream of things yet to be. A religious life in its present, popular wake, is a golden farce! Why should not the rising generation, as they really are, be stupid to its semblances; infidel to its arid professions; its mock Salvation ; its hollow holiness; its sinful saintliness; its indulgent sacrificial altar; its wholesale, silent, hypocritical confessional; and consequently unrepentant life, since 2O THE 9HAKEK. these are but a mockery to the name of religion? But, as our race has a religion embracing, 1st, Practical Purity of life — abstinence from all that defiles the senses and stupefies the soul; 2d, Consecration to God; 3d, Forgiveness and love to man, instead of war and strife; 4th, Living for the good of Brethren, Sisters, neighbors, and all humanity, instead of self alone — a universal Christian patriotism ; 5th, A baptism of heavenly inspirations, ministering to the aspirations of soul-life; and all mankind will bow in spirit, acknowledging its truth, and be blessed by its benedictions of love and charity; the march of human redemption will be with vigorous, perpetual youth. Such a religion cannot be reproached, if not adopted by all. But a union of all denominations of professed Christendom into one brotherhood embracing the idea of salvation in sinand/Vwft its consequences, by the sacrifice of Jesus, would only more heavily curse the world; binding it with still stronger thongs of theological death; and leave mankind to the only sure hope of seeking a religion, gushing with heavenly baptisms of pe-ntecostal power; the gift of salvation from sin, and a merciful and loving God.