NECESSITY OF ORDER IN COMMUNE LIFE O. C. HAMPTON Order is a systematic arrangement of the different elements composing our practical life, including our physical, mental and spiritual existence. Although this is a restriction to the full meaning of the term, it applies with equal force to the entire phenomena of the universe. It is patent to all experience and observation, that without some systematic arrangement in the affairs of individual life, and a regular recurrence of the details thereof, very little good can be accomplished, and little enjoyment or contentment of mind secured. While man has not yet quite 'worn out the make of heaven,' and retains something of the genius of his original being, he spontaneously gravitates toward orderly arrangements in all the details of his life. He feels, moreover, a logical necessity for some kind of system, in all the departments of his existence as an individual, to secure the highest degree of satisfaction— enjoyment and peace — from his surroundings. Much more does the necessity of order exist in a community of individuals; for here the problem of happiness and peace is very complicated, and the heterogeneous elements of its members, incline to run things into almost inextricable confusion. I do not conceive any necessary relations to exist between the two entities ' Order and Government '—although in this rudimental sphere they are generally found in combination. I wish to be understood as dealing with order alone. In communities whose purpose is to be practical exponents of the social relations of human life, certain precepts and rules are agreed upon by the members, as canons of regulation, for the practical evolution of order and regularity throughout all the departments of such communities, and the very fact of the existence of these communities, implies that canons of regulation have been adopted by general consent of the members. And in so far as this is not the case, any disaffected persons happening to drift into such communities, are really not bonafide members, but schismatics, and should not be tolerated. I would be ashamed to repeat the hackneyed proposition, (rather truism), that, no one should impose on a community, who is unwilling to comply with its constitution and by-laws, were it not my unhappy experience, to find that this is too constantly committed upon Shaker communities, and notoriously persisted in from year to year, with a perfidious perseverance only equaled by the false charity of any community, which allows itself to be weighed down by such undeserving material. It seems to me that no one in reason can fail to see the logical consistency of so correct a theory. In my opinion ninety-nine one-hundretlis of all the afflictions of Believers, arise from the entertainment in our midst of persons at variance with the spirit and practice of our orderly, systematic arrangements ; and who not only fail in finding satisfaction by their connection with us, but are clogs and curses in every department of society. And in the proportion that society fails to dispose of this class, it will gradually increase and overpower the conservative elements, and then farewell to Shakerism. It is fatal folly to shut our eyes against truths, or mince matters one atom; for natural laws and results never turn aside, to save any community which ignores the dictates of common sense — much less the wisdom of both experience and inspiration. Some of the reasons why we should keep good order, and hold rigidly to systematic arrangements in life are as follows : (1) In order to be happy we must avoid infringing upon the territory and rights of others; and good order will secure this desideratum when all other means will have failed. (2) We have too little time to do the much good we ought to do in this life ; and a systematical ordering of our time and precious opportunities will enhance our facilities for benevolence, a hundred-fold. (8) Without regularity, periodicity, and permanence, in our domestic and public duties, the poetry of life, and that sublime constellation of spiritual and social amenities, termed the dignity of Christian Repose are quite impossible ; but with good order these blessed amenities constantly recur, bringing us into fythmical unison with that holy gong of joy, which trembles through the universe forever. (4) That the bright rivers of blessing may flow from the infinite fountain, in the lines of least resistance; and these lines are the beautiful, geometrical lines of good order. These are the ' streams that make glad the city of God, the holy place of the Most High.'