LOVE AND LOGIC F. W. EVANS God is said to be love. It may as truly be said, God is Logic. Love precedes Logic, and logic that does not rest back upon Love, is powerless for good to man. When Rarey convinced a wild, strong horse, of man's superior power, he used that power in love, gaining the confidence and affection of the inferior animal. Before all other emotions, is the emotion of love to a new-born being. Love is the cord that holds the offspring to discipline. Love is unselfish. When we affirm that natural affections are selfish, it is true only as compared with spiritual affections, which supplant and supersede the natural. Blood relation is selfish relation, and is the basis of natural affections — mine and thine. THE SHA.KER. 23 Soul travail is from self to God. When called by the Gospel, souls are either in a normal, or abnormal condition. Jesus and His fellows, as natural men and women, were in a relatively normal condition when called by the Christ-Spirit. In reproduction, their parents observed generative law. In education, physiological and dietetic laws. Ann Lee, and her fellows, as natural men and women, were Gentiles. As such, they were in unnatural abnormal conditions. Generative, physiological and property laws were unknown, and of course, unheeded by their parents. Their condition was prophetically foreseen and foretold ages before their existence. See 2d Timothy, 3d chapter : 'In the last days perilous times shall come. Men will be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemous, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without .natural affections, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of selfish pleasures, more than lovers of God.' As Joannes and Jambros withstood Moses when he was the minister of a more spiritual order than that of Egyptian philosophy and religion, so do these Gentiles resist a far more spiritual truth than was ever revealed to Moses. How hardly shall such enter the Kingdom of Heaven, as those now established on the earth ! Why ? Because the first practical effect of Gospel Truth, upon them, is to convert them back to a normal condition in their affections as natural men and women — as John Baptist turned the heart's affections of parents back to their children, and the same of the children back to their parents—to recreate natural affections, the first form of Love in all the animal kingdom. Men, who had forsaken each other as husbands and wives for years, began to feel conviction, and think they had a duty to reunite with them in a true generative relation. Neglected children, and disobeyed parents, were sought unto. Drawn away and enticed, by their lusts, they became without natural affections. Now they are drawn away and enticed, by those natural affections, to disobey the call of the Christ-Spirit, to come out and be separate from the whole, natural, generative order. Let all, that are called, press into the Kingdom and confer not with flesh and blood relations, nor with the affections created by the love appropriate to that order — but act as did the Apostle Paul — straightway obedient to the Heavenly vision — for where there is no Spiritual vision, the people perish, in and from, both the natural and Spiritual orders. If souls will confidently make the requisite sacrifices, to free them from the lusts and appetites of the natural order, they will have a just inheritance in the Zion of God upon earth, in which ruleth the higher form of Love, having in it less of self and more of God. Let Love and Logic rule. The Sunday Press (Albany, N. Y.) says, The Shaker, while being full of good things, has two prominent faults — too small by one-half, and too seldom by the same measurement.