WILL WE SUSTAIN THE STRUCTURE? If any are in possession of better principles than those upon which Shakerism is founded, we are only happy that there are more fortunate souls than we are. But we do not apprehend that such is the case. We are believers in heavenly principles; that these same causes, ever and forever will produce heaven wherever exercised. The knowledge of heavenly principles is ours. If we exercise this knowledge, heaven is ours. If we fail to use such knowledge, disorder and discomfort will be ours, even in excess of those not thus enlightened. The gospel should be to us, not only the bow of promise, but the practical existence of salvation; not only the ark of safety, but a positive deliverance from the world, and into every good and perfect joy. Let us look at the heavenly Arc: VirCxInity; Celestial Brotherhood, or Earthly Equality; Peace, and the blessings Avhich floAV from it; entire UxspottedKES8 from the World! These are as firm as the Eock of Ages — as the heavens are eternal. On these, the house of Shakerism has been erected; on which it has firmly stood through the tempestuous seasons of ridicule and' persecution; has flourished; has saved; has ever held oat the beacon of eternal life, to the sin-sick and sin-wrecked. Love has been the bond of union, that has acted the key-stone to this beautiful arc. Love for these principles collectively, is what makes the practical, desirable, model Shaker — fisher, and saviour of men ! Eeverence for either with irreverence for any, presents at best an unsavory, spotted hybrid. Even practical attachment to several, and not for all, savors only the possible and probable fall of the beautiful structure. Said Elder G. B. Avery: 'There is no salvation in mere communism;' and, excepting salvation from the poor or lazar-housc, this is true. Considered separately, either principle of the Shaker arc has a similar value; and any evasion or negligence of entire conformity to the whole order of the temple, removes the key-stone of Angel Love, and razes the structure to worse than worldly institutions. Said a grand legal star of Albany, N. Y.., when studying the Shaker Constitution: ' Gentlemen, you have here something which cannot be broken, tuilcss you break it yourselves ! ' Let us look about us, and see whether these principles are guarded and lived intact. Let the love and direction which led out of Egypt, still be ours to keep out! Let us have a Revival; and let it renew in us the most ardent consecration to gospel principles, with which the city of God, the paradise of Eden, the perfect love of gospel brethren and sisters may and will be ours forever, and without which, let us consider our days narrowed down, and numbered as a people ! From hence, let the joyful, revival song be: AVe avill sustain' the structure.