THE HORRORS OF WAR The following extract, referring to the burning of Villareal, in Spain, is taken from a letter written by the Carlist General Castella. The writer had command of the fortifications at Villareal during a recent engagement: 'I have, during my life, witnessed some very sad scenes of war, and I thought I had seen the summit of human misery in the retreat of the Army of the East (in 1870), of which I commanded the rear guard. But I cannot recall any impression which can be compared with the feeling which I experienced on entering with Brigadier Valluerca the principal street of Villareal, when it was on fire from one end to the other. The crackling of the flames, whose red glare struggled against the light of the mid-day sun, the heavy crash of windows giving way, and of roofs falling in, the shrieks of frenzied women and the cries of the children, who ran with bare feet on the ashes, the grim despair of the old men, as they gazed with a dry eye and fixed stare upon the scene, the imprecations of the Carlist soldiers as parties of them rushed in hot pursuit of the incendiaries, the rattle of the musketry, ail formed a horrible spectacle which baffles description. I saw in a side street, between two burning houses, a woman lying stretched out on a mattress, surrounded by little children halfnaked, who were uttering piercing cries. The atmosphere was unbearable. The flames all but licked the paths; the burning ruins were falling down on all sides quite close to them; and this family, abandoned in the confusion, were about to be either rosted or crushed. I got off my horse which was dreadfully frightened by the flames and the noise around, and I went up to where the sick woman lay. She was paralyzed. Her husband, a mule-driver, was away. Some soldiers had carried her out of the house before setting fire to it. The only thing left her —and that by mere good luck — was the mattress on which she was lying. The heat was becoming more and more intense; their faces were crimson; the children, in their agony, redoubled their shrieks; their poor mother, as she looked at them, weeping, and calling the Holy Virgin to her aid. 'What could be more heartrending than this picture, framed, as it were, in fire?'