PAUL. Second Paper Our first paper upon this eminent character has aroused an intemperate zeal in his admirers ; who, dealing severely with us, are loud in the excellencies of their idol The champions of Paul of old, would, probably, be first to rise in denunciation of any modern Paul, who, creating a new formula of doctrine, should contend for the same, at any and every expense of the vital principles of original and genuine Christianity. This is j list what Paul did ; and his being successful in displacing the essential elements of Christianity by his own peculiar theories, does not render him the less censurable. Confident that the Jews would not receive the gospel, as delivered by the twelve, we find Paul, in the entire ignorance of the disciples in Jerusalem, leaving them; and proclaiming himself the apostle of the Gentiles, entering Arabia, Damascus, Syria and Asia Minor, and here for a dozen years, laboring earnestly, making many converts, establishing churches, with which he kept up a continual correspondence, the general purport of which, was the denunciation of the law, and imbuing the people with a belief that Jesus was a God! That by his death the law became a nullity ; that by a faith in him, all sins, past, present and future, should be forgiven. When we think that neither Jesus nor his apostles, had, up to this time, ever spoken of the law but with respect ; and never, previous to the divergence of Paul, had alluded to any vicarious atonement of Jesus, we begin to see where and by whom these mischievous machinations were concocted. When the disciples heard of the incendiarism of Paul, they sent emissaries from Jerusalem to Antioch, charged with the duty of overturning such demonstrations of the ardent Paul, and to preach the sacredness of the law, and the necessity of its observance. This was a terrible blow to the infant Gentile church; and to its founder, who felt that all his labor was lost, unless he should go to Jerusalem, and obtain the disciples' indorsement of the system he had inaugurated. Paul arrives at Jerusalem; and the close reader is made aware that the discussions between him and the disciples were very violent. The disciples withstood Paul's proposals, finding no recognition therein of their master's teachings; and had they remained firm ever afterward, the church would have fallen away no sooner, and possibly, the world would not have been cursed, as it is with certain Paulism. Paul refused to yield; claiming that at his marvelous conversion, he came en rapport with Jesus, and declaring that he would continue his apostolate at all events. A compromise was effected — the first, between Christianity and paganism — a downfall to that, a gain for this. Paul was to yield, so far as teaching a faithful observance of the law, while the balance of his views were considered non-essentials. But, Peter visiting Antioch, and there losing his justification among the Gentiles, James, (brother of Jesus, and real head of the church), addressed serious remonstrances to him, which had the effect of entirely separating him from the Gentiles, and weaning therefrom also, one Barnabas ; through hearing of which circumstances, Paul's indignation lost all bounds, and he expressed himself so homely of the apostles, that in return, the second epistle of James was addressed to him, than which never was better Christianity, and which was and is, an unanswerable argument against all objectionable Paulism. Paul, not only would not now submit to the apostles, but returned with all his force to his old tactics against the law. The apostles organized an opposing mission, (see Cor.) and we may j udge of the gravity of the occasion, by the ardor of Paul in his own defense, reaching an egotistic climax in 2 Cor. xi: 5; eti. Cor. xv : 10 ; and yet the adherents to the original faith, completely carried the day. Paul returned to Jerusalem, a penitent; was required and made a public apology and entire recantation of unchristian Paulism; but so great had been the disturbance, the tribune arrested him, and confined him for a term of years; after which he preached Paulism unrestricted ; and learning, that during his imprisonment the apostles in Judea were losing ground continually, invited them to Rome, where they became converts to Paulism. Even Peter, in his turn, quitted Judea, hastened to Rome, became the bosom companion of Paul; exceeded Paul, if possible, in doctrines that contained not Christ, and closes (2 Peter, III: 15,) with a stirring appeal fora thorough belief in the writings of Paul — the adulterator of the 'faith once delivered to the saints'—and through which adultery, the original was lost beyond resuscitation in their day. We yield to none in his admiration of Paul's Christian teachings — nor to Beecher's — and 'tis only in opposition to the positively unchristian that we have attempted to raise our voice. ^