STILL ON THE WING My Dear Elder Lomas : Grace and mercy; peace and good will to you and the ' Zion of our God' — that God who is Father and Mother, wisdom and love. With pen-and-ink I greet you this morning from the sunny south-land of our country. And although it is yet February, the people of the Crescent City have made their gardens and mown their lawns. The yards are full of roses, and the orange trees fragrant with white blossoms, prophecy of a.golden fruitage. But as all pictures have — and necessarily so — a back-ground, it is but justice done, to say further, that the effects of the late civil war linger— that the times are very hard — that the foga of New Orleans are damp and dismal — while in the night-time, blood-hunting musketoes hum infernal music around my pillow. Sleep departs, and I often fail to coax it back by singing to myself, even that dear good song — ' God is infinitely able.' On my way to New Orleans I stopped two nights at South Union, lecturing twice and attending one religious meeting. The angels were with us ; and there seemed to be an outpouring of the spirit. I believe in a perpetual revival — a constant growth in grace — progression ! Paul said, 'Go on unto perfection '— ' So run that ye may obtain '—'' Work out your own salvation.' To work — to ' run ' is not to stand still. I find in all organizations individuals who are exquisitely delighted with the biblical passage —' Wait on the salvation of the Lord.' And waiting, they nod, sleep, die — and while thus dead, spiritually dead, they often walk about in the graveclothes of a rotting conservatism, and think themselves alive. It is a strange delusion. The ministry, the elders, and the believers, all received me most cordially. Their welcome was soul-felt, and proved an oasis — a very blessing to my soul. If possible, considering other engagements, I shall call again at South Union on my return north. In Memphis, Tenn., I lectured three Sundays to very large audiences. The people seemed interested and awake. With Doctor Watson and others in this city, spiritualism is a practical and a saving power. They have recently had startling manifestations here through the mediumship of Mrs. Miller. In some respects they are far superior to those you and I witnessed at the Eddys. In the open field, by starlight, spirits often appear clothed in white and walk by her side. Dr. Samuel Watson, Mr. Silliman, Mr. Miller and myself witnessed this phenomenon one evening out on the common, adjacent to the city. It was for the moment the mount of transfiguration. ' Without a vision the people perish,' said a prophet in olden times. Vision and trance — inspirations and revelations constitute, in a measure, the life of the soul. The principles that underlie the platform of Believers:—purity, and 'all things in common ;— peace and perpetual revelations — are immutable. They are the methods — the doors that open into the kingdom whither the resurrected have entered. Well said Jesus under the influence of the Christ-spirit —' I am the way, the truth and the life.' Pardon me for a bit of philosophising, concerning moral, evil and wicked spirits. That man is a moral being, no solid thinker disputes. But moral being implies moral law, and moral law implies not only conscience and freedom, but moral government and compensation. Conscience, in connection with moral judgment, ever prompts to the right; but the reasoning and reflecting organs, in connection with moral consciousness, must ever determine what that right is. This applies to every scale of human life. ' Green apples are good,' says a spiritualist writer — 'good in their place, as the ripened ones of October.' The proposition is a bald sophism. Neither green nor ripened apples are good. No moral quality inheres in apples. They are neither 'good' nor evil, because moral qualities pertain to moral beings — not unconscious fruit, or blind forces. There is a class of pseudo-philosophers who tell us there is ' no moral evil in the universe'—only a graded good. Is a positive lie a lower degree of truth ? malice a lower degree of love ? and rape a lower degree of chastity ? To enunciate is to reveal the terrible hideousness of such reasoning. Good and evil are moral conditions, each real and positive, according as it becomes the leading force in purpose or quality of character. And the higher the moral altitude attained, the more exquisitely keen are the soul's distinctions between good and evil. 27 All moral acts pertain to the intellectual and spiritual, and not to tlie body, except medially. Can the foot of a corpse tread on forbidden ground ? Is it the fleshly hand that steals ? Are not these rather the implements of conscious force operating in and through them ? Without this intelligence, or spirit, man is but a corpse, and a corpse never violates either physical or moral law. The body does not sin. Constituted of physical elements, it can know nothing of moral or immoral acts. And death, which is only a severing of this outer envelope from the spiritual, affects in no way the real, immortal man. Each, at death, goes, Judas-like, to ' his own place.' All sensations, all thought, reason, moral responsibility, pertain to soul — the innerthinking man. Accordingly, the shrewd and the selfish, the wicked and the evil-minded, enter the spirit world as such, and are there denominated evil spirits. Nature knows no spasms. Sudden leaps from vice to virtue, from folly to wisdom, are contrary to the processes of development. The same clairvoyant and phenomenal evidences through mediums that prove the existence of spirits, prove the existence of unregenerate, or evil spirits. In New Testament times, these evil spirits were termed 'demons.' And that eminent church writer, Dr. Lardner, says: ' The notion of demons, or the souls of the dead, having power over living men, was universally prevalent among the nations of those times, and believed by many Christians.' Jesus addressed these demons — that is, evil-disposed spirits — as thinking, conscious individualities, and commanded them, as beings distinct from the obsessed, to 'depart.' There are obsessed mediums in this age ; and there are those gifted with power to ' cast out these demons.' Although we term them ' demons,' we must not forget that they were onco mortals, and are still our brothers, though occupying the lower spheres of spirit life. They are also the subjects of progression, and the objects 6f God's love. To such — denominated by Peter 'spirits in prison'—Jesus preached, after being ' put to death in the flesh ' upon Calvary. And the fact of his preaching to them implies that*they could be benefited and regenerated by this preaching, or these moral efforts in their behalf. Progress is open to all orders of beings in the future life ¦— spirits becoming angels, angels archangels, and these Arsaphs, and thus onward toward the Infinite. The prevention of obsessing influences lies in the pure purpose and the good life, in the cultivation of broad aspirational aims, a firmness of moral principle, a determined desire to do right, and a calm trust in the overshadowing presence of God and good angels. In Shaker assemblages, as in spiritual seances, truth attracts the true, wisdom the wise, charity the charitable, unselfishness the angelic, and purity the pure and holy that walk the heavenly fields of immortality.