MUSIC NO. 4 Advancing a step farther into the interior recesses of the complicated, yet interesting subject of music, we come to recognize, in connection with the lungs, that wonderfully working organ — the diaphragm — which, in the language of physiologists, ' is a flexible, circular partition that separates the respiratory from the digestive organs, and the chest from the abdomen. In a state of repose its upper surface farms an arch, the convexity of which is toward the chest. In forced expiration its upper point reaches as high as the fourth rib. In ordinary inspiration, it is depressed as low as the seventh rib, which increases the capacity of the chest.' [See Cutter's Anatomy.] It is to be understood that these actions of the diaphragm take place when nature has not been superseded by long perverted habits which render these actions more or less imperfect. And it must be admitted as a fact proved by what is daily and hourly to be seen, that a comparatively inactive diaphragm is a fault exceedingly prevalent with a majority of singers ; and no one fault in the music-department taxes the skill and patience of the teacher more than this. To remedy this fault is a part of the teacher's first duties in his arduous calling, and implies no less active and spirited exertions on the part of the pupil. But what to do, and koto to do, is the point to be reached. Physiological investigation establishes the fact that in the respiratory process various muscles are brought into use, whose contraction and dilations are in part, at least — unconscious and involuntary. Foremost among these are the lower muscles of the trunk—anatomically termed abdominal, which, by their inward and upward contraction, act directly upon the diaphragm — giving it its ascending motion. The diaphragm, thus acted upon, imparts a pressure upon the lungs, equal in power to that which the diaphragm receives from the muscles. The lungs, thus acted upon by the diaphragm, are forced to exhaust themselves of the greater portion of air in their cells. The air, thus expelled, finds its escape from the system through channels whose various parts will be considered and treated upon in their proper time and place. The process, thus described, is called expiration. But as Nature abhors vacuity, the lungs cannot remain void of the element they are wanted to contain, hence a reverse process of action immediately ensues. A new supply of fresh air rushes in to fill the vacuum in the lungs causing them to expand in corresponding proportion to the amount of air inhaled. By this expansion, the thorax (great cavity of the chest), also expands by means of the concerted action of three sets of muscles, viz.: the intercostal at the lower, and the thoracic THE SHAKER. 31 and pectoral muscles at the upper part of the trunk or chest. Simultaneous with these actions the abdominal muscles relax — the diaphragm descends in proportion to the pressure it meets from the inflation of the lungs. This process is called inspiration. Continuous through life are these alternate processes carried on — partly involuntary, and partlythrough power of the will :— especially the latter in regard to degree. Hence it becomes a fact beyond even a shadow of contradiction that in a majority of cases musical students quietly submit to a mere passive process of respiration — inhaling just air enough (and sometimes poorly at that) to merely exist, but falling far short of the proper quantity for promoting vigorous and healthy action of the blood. In this enfeebled condition the abdominal muscles lose their natural tension, the diaphragm becomes measurably inactive, the lungs and thorax become dwarfed in extension, and the whole system must yield inevitably to the fatal ravages of disease.