MARTIN LUTHER, AND REFORMATION ' From the year 1517, the beginning of the Reformation, to 154fi, in which Luther died, nothing but the fruits of corrupt ambition are manifest on the whole face of history, during that period of more than twenty-eight years. Endless controversies, debates about diets and councils, violence and wars, are the distinguishing marks of those times of discord. And even the means, by which the Reformation was finally established, were as opposite to the precepts of the gospel, as bloodshed and robberies are opposed to peace and good will.' Benj. S. Youngs. (Shaker.) Could we ask for a better demonstration of Luther's adoption of the vicarious atonement introduced by Paul, than his remark to a comrade : ' Be thou a sinner, and sin boldly ; but still more boldly believe, and rejoice in Christ. From him, sin shall not separate us; no, though a thousand times in every day, we should commit fornication and murder!' Under his pernicious solifidian system of '' Imputed Righteousness,' he did commit fornication with the nun, Catharine a Bora; was excommunicated therefor by Rome ; and were it not for this expulsion, there had been no Reformation. Luther was in full accord with the ' Head of the Church ' in England — Henry the Eighth,— who became such ' Head,' because Rome would not permit unlimited indulgence to his fleshy lusts. This lecherous beast, to further the aims and ends of his lusts for the flesh, and ambitions for power, had six wives; some of whom he killed, and to these, he added the sacrifice of 72,000 human beings! He hoped Luther's and Paul's atonement theory to be true. 30 THE SHAKER. Luther claimed to find ample evidence for such theory in Paul's writings, and in this, was he not correct ? But when arriving at the matter-of-fact epistle of James, he rejec&gt; ted the whole of it, calling it ' an epistle of straw;' then clinging to his beloved theory that ' the just shall live by faith alone,' left this as a legacy to his following generations, who hug the delusion, with an ardor which only the living truth of Christ's life is worthy of, and on which account, Jesus still weeps! ^