WHAT KIND OF INK SHALL WE USE ? ASCENATH C. STICKNEY To the above query we offer a reply gratis : All persons who write remarks as sensible as those which we copy from the December Shaker of 1875, should use the best black ink : ' To all who write expecting others to read what they write, we respectfully suggest, that you wait until you have an idea — an idea that will interest some one beside your own dear self.' ' When sure that you have an idea, put that idea into the fewest possible words.' We consider the above excellent advice; and will endeavor to act upon it in all our future efforts of this kind. Should we succeed in obtaining any new ideas, will present such to the press in plain black ink. We take the liberty to suggest that all who write sentiments of Christian kindness and love, good advice to friend or foe, sentiments of affection even, scientific facts or sensible reasoning on any subject worthy of record, should favor the members of the press by using the kind of ink to which we have referred. Novels, scandal, gossip, unkind criticism — political or social — may be traced in pale blue ink, or paler purple, as these varieties invariably fade by exposure to the sun and atmosphere, in a very short time. Could many articles of the character above-named be traced in purple, a reasonable time before being sent to press, we presume that much that is objectionable would fade before developing into a certainty. Would not its absence be a blessing to youthful humanity ? We are not aware that the delicate hues of Carmine, Aniline, or Prussian Blue, ever qualify poor chirography, or make rapid thought more agreeable. Nor can we believe that any variety of ink adds symmetry to the outline of letters carelessly cut; neither does 28 THE SHAKER. THE SHA.KER. 29 tinted paper respond more readily to original thought than the pure simple white. In fact, the strong crisp words of our noble Anglo-Saxon tongue, require the positive medium of white and black to represent to the eye their true character. Pardon us then, dear friends, if we solicit the more extensive use in future, of plain black ink. Especially should all youthful writers send their thoughts to superiors in this highly esteemed preparation.