TIME, AND ITS WORK ON THE SOUL WILLIAM DAVIDSON Do we notice how much more rapidly each succeeding year seems to pass away? Can we not remember how in our childhood the term of a year appeared boundless, and that we could compress into that great space of time almost any amount of work and play ? But, that as we grow older how is it with all our industry ? Time seems too short for the work we take in hand ; we become so engrossed, that sabbaths and holidays are alike invaded ; and after all is done, how much we leave unfinished, how many schemes remain untried ! It is a solemn thought connected with life, that its last business is begun in earnest, when midway between the cradle and the grave ; and man begins to marvel that the days of youth are gone, only half enjoyed. When the first gray hairs become visible —when the unwelcome truth fastens itself upon the mind, that a man is no longer going up hill, but down—he looks back on things behind, as the dreams of other days. As we review the disappointed hopes, and our short comings, the heart grows weary of the struggle, and we begin to realize our insignificance. Those who have climbed to the pinnacle of fame, or reveled in luxury and wealth, go to the grave at last, with the poor mendicant— that begs by the wayside, and like him, are soon forgotten. But what does a man take with him when he launches into that which is beyond the grave ? It appears that he takes nothing. Death seems to pass a sponge over all that has gone before. It seems a total breaking off, from all that life has hitherto consisted. But if we look truly, past life is just the one thing that a man takes with him when he dies ; and that self is the product of all his past experiences and actions. When he stands at the end of life he is what he has been made by all his actions, joys and sufferings ; these he takes into the other world—in his own character. The life to come, and the life that now is, are parts of one life—they are related, just as youth and manhood are related. The man is not the same that was the boy; but the boy entered into the man, as a part of him. The strength I gain by victories this year, and the weaknesses into which I come by defeats, will be a part of me next year. So that there is not an act, a word, or thought, but casts its influence into the tomorrow, which lies beyond the grave. According to what man attains in this stage of life, so is his beginning in the next — so must he commence there according as he has finished here — on a high plane or a low one. To love God, to trust in him, and to obey him, to be pure, upright and loving, is a good preparation for death, and is true life. Every man has his own work to do — his own battle to fight — to overcome the flesh, subject the animal, to the spiritual; even through many struggles. Each has his own field to conquer, or to be conquered in ; and every hour has its skirmish. Nor has any one a single line of effort only. We are tried on this side, and on that. Now in temper, now in faith, now in the solitude of our hearts, and now by those around us. Not one of these experiences but leaves its mark, according as we are true or false to the opportunity. And by the summing up of all these, character is formed through these many daily acts; and this abides with us, when we face death, and cross the boundary line.