ADDRESS OF ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE Before Peace Society, New York, February SI, 1876. Over the door through which we passed this evening I saw the words written, 'Hitherto, God hath helped us.' The inspirational power that has attended our sister (Phebe A. Hanford) who has addressed us, is evidence that He will continue to help us, if we will help ourselves. The subject of 'Universal Peace ' brought to our attention is a theme worthy of profound consideration. Jesus said, 'If my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight.' What was the world of which Jesus spake, and which one of the apostles said, 'If any man love, the love of the Father is not in him?' According to Scripture, 'The lusts of the flesh and mind, and the pride of life,' constitute that world, from which the followers of Jesus are exhorted to be separate, and to keep themselves unspotted. It would appear that human society as it exists today — in its domestic relations, political factions and national councils — resembles physical bodies. As the life-fluid finds its way through the capillary vessels in human bodies, and passes into the veins, thence into the larger arteries, keeping the machinery in motion, so the spirit of the world permeates and runs through every department of life, passing into broader, deeper channels, culminating in war, monopoly and slavery. True religion is not bounded by creeds; it is nonsectarian. God is not a respecter of persons, but of character. 'In every nation, they who fear God and work righteousness ' — according to their highest light—'are accepted of Him.' And all who live above the spirit of revenge, intemperance and war, and exert an influence to help others to do the same, are fraternally one, and may clasp hands over all creeds and dogmas which serve to bind the conscience and to shut out the sunlight of truth and divine revelation. The ages that have come and gone have left enough of their history to show that Truth has ever been maintained through suffering; that bigotry, superstition, love of pleasure and self-indulgence have stood in the way, sword in hand, to do battle against its promulgators all through the centuries that are past. True, there has been a highway cast up for the prophets, witnesses of truth, to walk in; for at no time has the earth been so darkened that God has left it without a witness of Himself. Often-times those witnesses, like lone travelers in a waste wilderness, clad in garments of mourning, with sandals on their feet, walked more by faith than by sight, over rocks and unbeaten paths, surrounded apparently with beasts of prey, who stood ready to devour them. The lamps which they carried could only burn dimly, but they were firm in their integrity. Hope gave their weary spirits rest, and invisible friends bound up their lacerated and bleeding hearts when they were persecuted and bereft of human sympathy. The prophetic period to which the seers of olden time pointed, when 'Righteousness would be established and truth in majesty ride prosperously, bearing the right sceptre,' must have appeared to them far in the distance. But time rolled on, and even now how changed the conditions! Then, there were a few scattered witnesses, seeking to evade the rage of their persecutors by fleeing to the caves of the earth for safety. Now, truth has so far gained the ascendancy over error that it finds its way through THE SHAKER. the deep waters, the mountain ranges and wilderness places, and its defenders and standard-bearers have become numerous. Under the laws of progress, natural and spiritual science have been developed and accelerated. New channels of thought have opened, and new modes of transit have been devised; and pedestrianism is now superseded by swiftly-running cars, bearing the lovers of human progress to their proper fields of labor in every land and clime. Thus is the promise, in part, fulfilled. Righteousness is so far established that its ministers may fearlessly bear their testimony, and truth, in triumph, ride prosperously through the land. Mortals are weak when depending upon their own strength, but strong when trusting in God, and cooperating with divine agencies to better their own conditions and to elevate humanity. We can do nothing effectually against that which is true. We may oppose, and place obstacles in the way of its growth and increase; but, apparently crushed to earth, it will rise again with new life and resurrected strength. It is interesting to witness the balancing powers — good and evil — at work in our own time. Spiritual forces, in higher spheres of spirit life, are evidently operating to put an end to sin, and to roll back the elements of sensuality, intemperance and war in the earth; while the dwellers in the lower spheres of the invisible world are stimulating evil passions of leading men and women, making themselves abettors of crime by adding fuel to demoniac fires already kindled, and with their foul breath are fanning the flames. Sensuality, arrayed in queenly attire, is found in king's palaces, the consort of priests and laymen, and is fed and pampered, and treated with delicacy, but concealed under many false names and pretenses. Disguise it as we may, its direful effects upon society cause a fearful trembling; its growth has been rapid, and who can divine how those elements may be stayed, and the fast-rising tide be kept from deluging the land? No one who is capable of discerning good from evil can fail to see that war has its foundation in error. If we cast our eyes over America's broad lands today—said to be a home of liberty for the oppressed of all nations, races and colors — and see the maimed who were wounded in battle in the recent civil war, and hear the moans of widows, bereft of means of support, and witness their tender offspring crying for bread, we at once decide that war is a product of fiendish passions. If there ever was a justifiable war, perhaps it was the late American conflict. Millions of human beings, whose limbs could tire, and whose hearts could throb with grief, had plead in vain through long years of anguish for relief. And when their masters refused to hear, they sent up strong cries to God for some redress, and seemingly no answer came. Then they imploringly asked, 'Is there no pity in the hearts of men, and no mercy in heaven?' There were many hearts that pitied, but were powerless to relieve. All true philanthropists denounced chattel slavery as a base wrong done to humanity, and a great sin against God, who is the author of all existences. In the nation's extremity, when neither moral suasion nor appeals to conscience caused oppression to cease, the sword became the arbiter, and through blood and battle the captives' chains were broken, and civil liberty was a boon to all of the male population. But lovers of justice, and advocates of universal freedom, irrespective of sex, caste or color, deprecated war as much as slavery. They had not lost faith in God, nor confidence in humanity, and believed there might have been a peaceful solution of the vexed question. If the North — who in reality shared the product of slave labor, and in principle upheld the slave power as much as did the people of the South — had opened the public treasury [The speaker must have forgotten how often and earnestly this was offered by Lincoln, Greeley and others previous to and after the beginning of war.—Ed.] and offered to remunerate slaveholders if they would liberate their bondmen, then have passed laws bearing equally upon North and South, forever prohibiting chattel slavery in the United States, many believed, and still believe, that bloodshed might have been avoided. Others claim that the love of slavery was so deeply rooted in the hearts of those who were born under its influence and reared amid its surroundings, that it was so interwoven with their very existence, nothing short of dire force would have caused them to relinquish their stronghold, for they verily thought they could not live without it. If there could have been a peaceful settlement of the slave question without resorting to arms, anc those who were slain in battle had been left to pursue the practical duties of life, providing for their families, who to a large extent are now dependent upon subsidies from the national treasury, would there not have been a great gain, financially? How much would have been left in the public coffers that could be turned to relieve the widow and fatherless, the needy natives, and strangers who are cast upon our shores at the present time ? War, even if we claim that it be a contest for principle and right, therefore justifiable, is appalling to every sensitive heart. Its fruits may be seen in almost every form of vice, in hamlets and cities, from the Atlantic to the Pacific shores, showing its demoralizing effects upon character. The advocates of peace principles are doing a noble work. We pray that they may have courage and strength to continue in well-doing, to work in the sunshine and in the storm, until they receive the reward of their labors. Nothing less than the triumph of their cause will give rest and satisfy such toiling spirits. Peace and temperance are inseparable companions: when.we pray for the success of one, the other is included. All lovers of humanity who desire the peace and prosperity of the nations of the earth will give their best efforts, through faith and prayer, to call down divine influences from higher spheres to aid the work and sustain the laborers. If we would remedy the evils of war and intemperance, we must trace them to their primal source, the fountain whence they originate, and this will require some deep digging. If we would kill the life of a tree, we must find and strike the life-root; we might use the pruning-knife from age to age and lop off its branches, and it would chance to live and produce fruit. In like manner, if we attempt to dry up or destroy a large body of water, we do not think to lade it out with a bucket, but rather seek to find and cut off its source of supply. We see God, and hear His voice, in the various reforms of our time, and rejoice to see woman stretching forth her hands in the cause of right. Her influence is needed, and will prove a strong power for good, and, when fully awake to the glorious truth that God is dual — that in Deity we have an all-wise Father and loving Mother, cooperating in harmony to save, bless and happify their children, who are one in spirit and purpose, then we shall better understand our duties and responsibilities, and how we may uplift humanity to better conditions. And in the language of the poet we say, 'Fly swiftly round, ye wheels of time, and bring the welcome day,' when woman shall be free and stand in her proper place, a co-worker with man in every good word and work. That is the lever that will move the world to higher and better relations.