SPIRIT OF THE FARM Here's something worth money... Here's something worth money. Many farmers have otherwise valuable horses, but spoiled by the heaves. The Troy Budget is the first to publish this infallible remedy: Forty shoemake buds, one pound of resin, one pint ginger, half pound mustard, one pint unslacked lime, six ounces cream-tartar, four ounces gum guacum, one pound epsom salts; mix together and make into thirty parcels. Give one every morning in the horse's feed before watering him. This is the first time this recipe has been printed. For half a century it has been guarded as a precious secret. We know of its having recently transformed a $100 horse into a $600 one. WEALTH OF FARMER'S FOOD Few farmers realize that they have in possession the means for the most healthful and palatable food in the world. Cracked wheat, or dry wheat very coarsely ground in a coffee mill, can be variously associated with milk, eggs, butter and sweet cream, in methods that exceed the nectar of the gods ! Our Angeline surprises us with the most delicious and sustaining hominy pudding. Corn, very coarsely ground, can be used in several manners to present the most happy, healthful food. Then, take oatmeal, with few accessories, and we have a grand variety, together with one of the best brain-making and muscle-making materials the world ever produced. A New Jersey man has kept both wolf and doctor from his door; grown his whole family of five into better health this entire winter, on fifteen cents worth of oatmeal per week, added to milk and eggs. When we think that a gill of oatmeal will supply a meal to about seven persons, its economy in use must be at once apparent. Farmers, you have a wealth of food and health in your granaries that ought to be developed; and a better than gold mine or oil well on every acre of your farm. Find it. Look on our front cover, and write Bogle &amp; Lyles, if you have no store of material on hand. * Most farmers are severe on their boots and shoes... Most farmers are severe on their boots and shoes. Running the heel down and over ruins foot wear. We have found that Lyon's Stiffeners are worth many times their cost, on one pair of boots. Try them, farmers. * ARAB HORSE MAXIMS Let your colt be domesticated and live with you from his tenderest age, and when a horse he will be simple, docile, faithful, and inured to hardship and fatigue. If you have your horse to serve you on the day of your trial, if you desire him to be a horse of truth, make him sober, accustomed to hard work, and inaccessible to fear. Do not beat your horses, nor speak to them in a loud tone of voice; do not be angry with them, but kindly reprove their faults; they will do better thereafter, for they understand the language of man and its meaning. If you have a long day's journey before you, spare your horse at the start; let him frequently walk to recover his wind. Continue this until he has sweated and dried three times, and you may ask him whatever you please, he will not leave you in difficulty. Use your horse as you do your leathern bottle; if you open it gently and gradually you can easily control the water within, but if you open it suddenly the water escapes at once, and nothing remains to quench your thirst. Observe your horse when he is drinking at a brook. If in bringing down his head he remains square, without bending his limbs, he possesses sterling qualities, and all parts of his body are built symmetrically. Four things he must have broad—front, chest, loins and limbs; four things long —neck, breast, forearm and croup; four things short — pasterns, back, ears and tail.