SHAKER DEFINITIONS F. W. EVANS Rebel—One who refuses obedience to the good principles and just laws of an organization — seeking to re-organize upon the basis of its evils. The South rebelled against the truths that the North held theoretically — abstractly — while practically it was fattening upon the enforced labor of the Slave population. Revolutionist — One who refuses obedience to the evil principles and unjust laws of an organization— seeking to re-organize upon the basis of its abstract truths and latent good. In the American Revolution the North revolutionized against England — and against the South in the late dreadful war. In both the North was successful, as was Israel, against Benjamin. Benjamin was conquered, in the end, but Israel was dreadfully punished, because a partaker of the same sins for which he was punishing the tribe of Benjamin, and therefore received from and by Benjamin, corresponding retributive punishment. Saint—One who is relatively perfect in the good of the organization to which he or she belongs — as David. Sinner —One who is a chronic violator of the good laws and principles of the people among whom he or she lives —as Solomon in the end of his career. Prophet —A medium, who is inspired by spirits of the coining dispensation, or degree, in the spirit world; or a saint, who, by faithful travail in the spirit and power of the order he or she is in, has progressed into the higher dispensation or degree. The testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy to the Gentile Christian world, Catholic, Greek and Protestant. It is ever and forever against marriage, war, and selfish private property, which creates class distinctions in society, rich and poor, bond and free, aristocracy, slavery and poverty. Where there is no vision the people perish ; and where there is no prophecy there is no progress. 'Touch not mine annointed, and do my prophets no harm.' Let not the people deny the inspiration and authority of the organization. And let not the authority of the organization suppress and kill the prophets of the day and time. They voice God.