SLOW PROGRESS OF KNOWLEDGE We copy the following interesting passage from the recent address of Dr. B. C. Hobbs, at the laying of the corner-stone of the Rose Polytechnic Institute at Terre Haute, Ind.: Civilization cannot be wrought out in a day. It took Christianity generations to evangelize the nations under the teachings of the Divine Author and His inspired disciples, even in an age of civilization; much longer does it take learning and art to rise above the power of ignorance, indolence, superstition and the customs inherited from ancestors. All pioneer inventors have felt the strength of this combination against any new mode of increasing the products of industry. Many years ago an engineer, for amusement, hunted the chamois on the plateau of Mount Piletus, in Switzerland, where he found a lofty forest of inaccessible pine timber, nearly nine miles from Lake Lucerne. By the aid of a few Swiss gentlemen, he executed a design to construct a trough or slide, such as we see on mountain sides, or along our river hills, to convey wood and timber to accessible points. It passed sometimes by tunnels through hills, again on supports 100 feet high, or hung to the rocky mountain side. Timbers would pass the entire distance in three minutes, or at the rate of 180 miles an hour. The intense friction caused them to ignite, and at the base they would plunge twenty feet into the earth. These difficulties were readily overcome by turning a stream of water into the trough and plunging the timbers into Lake Lucerne, whence they were safely borne away to the Khine to become material for constructing many an elegant home, or to be spars and beams and masts for ships that would visit either India and bear the strain of the storms of every sea. All this was the product of a little practical thinking, using only the inclined plane and the force of gravity; but the work was conducted among a peasantry, who charged the inventor with heresy, and with having communion with the devil. When saw-mills and looms were invented, the common laborer became loud, revengeful, and clamorous for redress, not knowing that accumulating wealth only opens multiplied channels for well-paid industry, in its reinvestment. It has been but little more than one hundred years since a great banking company of England were afraid to risk giving aid to Richard Arkwright, while constructing his spinning-jenny, which earned for its inventor more than $2,000,000; and since, James Brindley, at the request of the Duke of Bridgewater, planned a canal from his coal field of Worsley to Manchester, a distance of seven miles. It was to pass by aqueduct, forty feet over the Mersey, and again, by subterraneous tunnels through hills. On submitting his plans to the judgment of a distinguished engineer of that day, he received for criticism the cool remark, 'I have often heard of air castles, but never before saw the place where one was to be built.' The success of this invention soon led to a canal investment in England of more than $50,000,000. It has been but about seventy years since Robert Fulton launched the Clermont and Car of Neptune on the Hudson in our age when all men were deprecating his 'folly.' He had an equal struggle with his own poverty and the want of public appreciation. Even in this generation Congressmen have failed to be re-elected because they voted aid to Prof. Morse in the construction of the electric telegraph that now gathers the hews of yesterday from every nation for our daily papers.