PROGRESS RUTH WEBSTER Progression is a law of the Universe, of which we are a part, and are subject to the same law. It is written, ' first, that which is natural, afterward, that which is spiritual; ' and we add, intellectual also. In order to understand how far Believers have progressed, let us go back a' hundred years, to the time when the Gospel testimony was first opened in America, and contrast the past with the present. At that time the best that our fathers and mothers could do was to work for their support, where they could find honorable employment, until they could procure homes for themselves, which they soon did by great exertion and toil, by enduring much hardship and many privations. Some of the pioneers in the work have informed us that they had little room, and many had to couch on the floor, for a season, without a pillow ; and they were under the necessity of subsisting upon a scanty allowance of food, so that they resembled skeletons more than robust working men and women. Should those of this generation, who are surrounded SHAKERS, I Y, APRIL, 1876. SHAKER TILLAGE 11 26 THE SHAKER .with many blessings in a spiritual point of view, and with all the temporal supplies and comforts that we can appreciate and use to profit, ever be tempted to murmur and complain, would it not be well to recall to mind the sufferings of Mother Ann, and her co-laborers and faithful followers ? A century ago all implements of husbandry were constructed upon the most simple plan. And as far as the feminine department of labor was concerned, labor-saving machines were unknown. Sewing, knitting, spinning and weaving, all had to be done by hand. Periodicals, newspapers and public libraries were few, and not accessible to common people ; and indeed, in that day, those who earned their own living by honest toil, found very little time for reading and intellectual culture. As far as book-learning represents knowledge, they would in the nineteenth century be called illiterate; but were they an ignorant people practically considered ? They possessed the knowledge requisite to adapt the means to the ends to be accomplished; and we should rejoice in spirit if we could say the same in regard to the present and rising generations. We can but faintly depict the deprivation and embarrassment which the first founders of our institution passed through. Now, stately mansions, furnished with every necessary convenience, have taken the places of log-cabins; and work-shops and barns are well supplied with labor-saving machines, and improved implements to facilitate and lessen the work of the tillers of the soil. The then wilderness places have now become cultivated fields and well watered gardens. All this has been accomplished by the blessing of God under the leadership of a woman. ' When the righteous bear rule,' whether the ruler be man or woman, ' the people rejoice.' Wisdom is justified of her children. We now look admiringly upon the great change that has been wrought by devoted souls and willing hands. Early and late they toiled for other's weal; they worked and did not faint, and through faith in God they renewed their strength and ran in the path of duty as it opened before them, and did not grow weary. In those days we heard very little of individual sovereignty or rights; but all truehearted Believers were intent upon filling their sphere of duty, and idleness was abhorrent to their feelings. In this, brethren and sisters were a unit. As the first founder of the Second Christian Church, or Shaker Order, was a woman, and their strong faith in the duality of Deity was so well grounded there was little trouble experienced in regard to the sisterhood finding their proper sphere of action, and having unrestrained freedom to move therein. Great changes have been wrought in the public mind in regard to woman's powers and capabilities since that time ; and according1 to the signs of the times, as we read and understand them, this peculiar evolving period in which we live will effect marked radical changes in regard to woman, until she will be, politically, morally and religiously free as man is free. The laws of progress are never idle — always at work—-on and on is the watchword. Self-culture, individual improvement is loudly called for by the spirit of reform to-day. Through public schools the masses have the means of education placed within their reach; and the ever-busy press of our land is scattering books, newspapers and periodicals, both secular and theological, far and wide, and they are accessible to all, opening a wide channel for thought, intellectual growth and culture. Notwithstanding the present facilities for education and mental improvement are far greater than in the past, we are not certain that the present generation will fulfill its destiny, and acquit itself better and more in accordance with the demands of the age, than did the past. However that may be we can join with the poet, who said, ' Honor and fame from no condition rise, act well your part; there all the honor lies.' If we behold a beautiful tree covered with foliage, and radiant with blossoms, or laden with fruit, we would not contemn the root because it is less comely; were it not for the root the tree had not existed. Every thing in its place, time and season. 'First the blade, then the ear, then the full corn in the ear.' Those who preceded us did the work of their day faithfully ; we honor them and cherish their memory, and revere them as our gospel parents. They paved the way through deprivation and suffering for us to walk in, and left a godly example — way-marks for us to observe as a guide while on our homeward march. May we follow them as they followed Christ, and perform the duties of our day as fnlly as they performed theirs; and so fear God that we may make a right use of knowledge, and thus be perfected in wisdom, is my prayer.