WORK H. C. BLINN ' Work while the day lasts,' may have a deeper signification, even, than many of the casual readers of the New Testament have ever imagined. Jesus seemed to realize the force of this expression as the active and earnest order of his life so fully demonstrates. Released from the ordeal of the wilderness, the Kingdom of God becomes his all absorbing theme. Exhortations, lamentations, and the publishing of the glad tidings verified his word, that he must be about his Father's business. With this example before us, what should be the duty of his followers? Are they justified in taking less interest in the promulgation of the principles of peace,—in the disseminating of truth, and in the establishing of charity and love among men ? ' Work while the day lasts ! ' comes home as an imperative command. There can be no deferring till the tomorrow that which should be done to-day. Waiting and watching may do for those who are looking into the great future, for an advent which we believe is already consummated, but for those who denominate themselves the children of the resurrection, it looks very much like hiding their gospel light under a bushel. 'Put your hands to work and your heart to God '* has a corresponding echo. It has no *Ann Lee. form of guess work, nor even a shade of future tense. It is a swift testimony against idleness—either temporal or spiritual. The disciples of that order, which is a sharp sword against every iniquitous work, must harmonize the spiritual interest with that of the temporal. A circumspect walk, before God and man, is as essential as is the food we eat, or the garments we wear. While there are so many errors in life to correct, and so much light and intelligence for us to study, we certainly have need to work with diligence and care. To wait for God's time is a plea of the easy-going Christian, and to stand idly by from day to day, and from year to year, illy comports with the word: ' Thou shalt love the Lord with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might.' His time is the ever present, and as faithful servants, why should we not be actively engaged in the Master's service ? He who compares the development of man's mind to the growth of fruits and vegetables, must have a very earthly conception of the workings of the spirit. ' Say not,' said Jesus, 'there are yet four months, and then cometh harvest.' Better by far, accept the teachings of the Revelator : ' Thrust in thy sickle and reap, and gather the clusters of the vine of the earth, for her grapes are fully ripe. ' If, however, we have neglected to become as the Angels of God, and have no sickles (testimony of gospel truth), provided, we shall -become but indifferent workers in the field. In this age of reason, as well as of faith, we must not walk blindfolded. Would it not be a singular arrangement for the servants to congregate in some pleasant place to eat, drink and make merry, and say to the good Master : ' We are waiting for and trusting in thee. Gather to thyself the fruits of the earth, as seemeth best, and we will patiently wait thy arrival! ' St. Paul may have met with persons of this frame of mind, when he said: ' Put on the whole armor of God,' and work while your day lasts. No person understood better than did the apostle, the preparatory work and the spirit against which the disciples were to contend. Take to you, said he, the breast-plate of righteousness; have your feet shod with the preparation of gospel peace, and then take the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God. While we stand as witnesses of the prostration and even death of many religious bodies which have arisen, and from time to time contended against the elements of the world, should we not take warning from these, lest we, thinking we are on the highway to the Kingdom of God, find ourselves, as did the servant at the feast, unprepared to meet the Master ?