THE DAY OF CHRIST WM. H. BUSSELL This expression is world-wide as well as particular in its signification. Jesus said, ' When I shall be elevated from the earth, I will draw all unto myself.' ' When the son of man shall come in his glory, then will he sit upon the throne of his glory, and before him shall be gathered all nations.' There is evidently here an allusion to that sublime scene in the vision of the prophet Daniel, when ' one like the son of man came to the ancient of days, and there was given him dominion and glory, that all peoples should serve him, whose dominion is an everlasting dominion.' The son of man in the vision is to be regarded only as a representative character, for in the interpretation given to the prophet, it was declared, ' The dominion under the whole heaven shall be given to the people — the holy ones of the Most High.' That Jesus understood it in this light is evident from his words in the application and exposition of the vision. ' Inasmuch as ye have done it to one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.' The day of Christ is the day of judgment of all nations and of each individual person. Jesus said, ' For judgment I have come into this world,' and yet he declared emphatically, ' I come not to judge the world, but to save the world.' He reconciles these words by the statement, ' The word that I ham spoken, the same shall j udge you in the last day.' In this light are to be understood the words of the prophet, ' Judgment was given to the saints ;' and also of the apostle, ' Know ye not that the saints Shall j udge the world ? ' It is truth, or God himself inspiring his people, that is to be the j udge of mankind as nations and as individuals. God is unbounded love, perfect holiness, infinite wisdom / the God of all peace and of all justice. These attributes must have irresistible sway. Judged by these, in the progress of this eternal day, the apostolic age of ages, the nations shall yet be impelled to convert their instruments of destruction into implements of peace ; not only to abandon all efforts to acquire fame by conquest and slaughter, but also to change all the customs of servitude, whether of man to man, or woman to man; all the distinctions of wealth, all the marks of honor that arise not from the indwelling of the spirit of love and exact justice in the soul; and to employ the abundant resources which the earth contains for the highest welfare of all its children. This is the universal prophecy that has come hymning its joyous melody all along the ages, uplifting many a heart that seemed overwhelmed by the accumulated evils of its own times. This truth must also judge the individual. When divine love makes its permanent residence in the soul, it will sit in judgment upon every thing found there contrary to itself. It must decide against that pride which exalts itself not only against God, but against the least of his creatures. It must condemn to the perpetual fire of the day of j udgment that selfconceit of the individual man which influences him to regard himself as occupying the place of Supreme Authority, ready to exercise vengeance against whoever ventures to call in question his infallibility. It inculcates humility ; not a bowing and cringing before power, whether legitimate or assumed, but that evenness of soul which puts itself on a level with all God's creatures because they are such. Divine love must decide against whatever disturbs the equanimity of the soul, producing a condition such that it cannot weigh in even scales whatever is presented to its rational powers. It impresses upon the understanding and the conscience the truth, that fickle lust is not love, and that mere indulgence in any or all of the senses and passions does not tend to the highest welfare. The power of judgment is a discriminating power ; it examines all motives, and scrutinizes all feelings, approving whatever will permanently edify, and discarding that which is valueless. As a necessary sequence of the preceding, the day of Christ must be regarded, as it is in reality, a day of resurrection from evil of every kind, and an entrance upon a new life, vastly superior to that which is merely sensuous, even in its highest condition. The sensuous man may be highly developed, socially, intellectually, and morally. When he has risen from the sensuous to the spiritual plane of life, he is no less social, intellectual, or moral; the obligations to universal culture and growth are binding as ever. The difference between the two conditions consists in degree as well as in tendency. There is in the latter a newness in the sensations experienced, and an aspiration toward that Divine Life, which comprehends every creature of God in its loving embrace. In his former condition, the person is limited in his social, intellectual and moral vision, and hence is often sceptical with respect to immortality, even though he may have made extraordinary scientific attainments. The -newness of life experienced enlarges his views and imbues his spirit with a consciousness of immortality that mere intellectualism cannot supply. This inspires him with courage in the work of restraint which he finds necessary in order to rise entirely above the sensuous, and to live and move in the spiritual life. This experience, with the added fact that it is ultimately to be the experience of every human being, and that it is never to end, but to increase as the ages ceaselessly roll on, is what really makes the glory of the day of Christ.