COMMUNICATION FROM HORACE GREELEY THROUGH ALMIRA ALLARD. [It is generally known that the Shakers are the original subjects of modern spiritualism. We have received innumerable communications from the Spirit World, many being accompanied by irrefragable evidences of genuineness. Although these seasons, in their most fluent proportions, have ceased with us, passing oat to the larger human societies of families, yet we have never been entirely neglected by our spirit friends. We present the following communications from the simple, loved, good, and great Greeley. It is but just to the medium that we say, the same was sent to us, before the Belknap and other exposures were made. G. A. Lomas.] To G. A. Lomas, Ed. of The Shaker : * * * I still live, and work for the good of humanity. I find in the spirit world, that while the sexes stand on an equality in all things, the masculine principle precedes in the direction of the general good. Laws are made here, through the united agencies of male and female mind. They are not arbitrarily imposed on any. The influence of love they bear with them, invites their acceptance, and convinces the erring and fallen, that their good only is desired. The golden rule is more apparent here than on earth ; and hence, we find here none trodden down, nor ruled by the iron rod of tyranny. * * * I perceive in the government of Washington, corrupt and evil men; those upon whom the president should look with unfavorable eyes. The elements that waken the spirit of war, are warming up again, and for the most selfish ends, there are those in governmental positions who favor war. Let these be chastened. * * * When on earth, I labored honestly for human elevation. I believed in a just God. and in retributive consequences. In my way, and according to my ability, I did uplift the people. I was not considered a Washington, Jackson, nor as others, noted for peculiarly noble deeds ; I was, and am, simply Horace Greeley. Here, I can see the folly of worldly splendor: Noblemen and kings; ladies and their queens, anxiously accepting offers of mercy from the humble, in ways that are lowly, yet wise ; all guided by the Christ-spirit. I am now confirmed, that I was correct in my private opinions of the extent of intercommunications between this spirit world and earth. * * * Be thou encouraged ! The Shaker is earnestly sought by thousands in these spheres; and it has already been the best means of enlightening innumerable minds in spirit life. It is destined to have a wider circulation. I find my inclinations lead me as strongly to work through the press of this and your world as ever, and as your companion, expect more from me. Horace Greeley