CONVICTION AND CONVERSION Pleased beyond expression that '' the angel is troubling the waters,' and that so many have heard the invitation to step in and be healed, we are moved to communicate upon the grand desiderata of the times. We are witnesses of a valuable truth — that whoso loves men's souls may, by earnest, persistent efforts, induce the impression that results in a revival of the Good Spirit among men. There is none, however, in the past nor present, who, having awakened souls to the realization of their loss, and the necessity of their conversion, but is confronted with the truth that human effort alone is very, very limited for human salvation — only an agent in the hands of higher powers. We have heard the egotist boast of what he has done and what he can do, but these have been made intensely disagreeable by the prayer of the humble,'' Lord, if Thou wilt, and unless Thou dost help, mine is a useless effort!' We have read of and witnessed the arduous efforts of sincere soul-workers, we have noted their personal endeavors in mentally convicting individuals of their souls' real needs, and we have seen sinners aroused, as by thunderclaps, through the efforts of the successful revivalist. We have been mournful witnesses also, of the serious truth that conviction, though it necessarily precedes, is not conversion. We have been among the number who have earnestly labored in diffusing the light that exposes human errors, and we have been as sorrowfully disappointed at the ease with which those who, having experienced true conviction, failed to yield to a genuine conversion, and that there followed in the wake of great awakenings of the good spirit, an army of backsliders into the mire and vomit of worldly pride and flesh. To the thousands who may feel the spirit working for them, The Shaker speaks cheeringly, adding an assurance, however, that if a 'change of heart' means any thing, it means turning from sinful practice into the righteousness of a new, unselfish, pure Christian life. A revival that begins in the spirit and ends in the flesh is soul-hardening — there better have been no revival. And yet, how frequently, almost invariably, revivals take this unchristian turn. Why is it that carnal affiliations of a general character subsequently displace the pure affections of the good spirit that, in times of genuine revival, lifts souls upon the cross that crucified Jesus every day of his life — that makes the bare mention of worldly pride and carnal lusts the .most objectionable themes? Seek conviction, but be assured of a true conversion, without which all effort is useless and all religion a fraud. '5^