EVENING HOUR OF A RADICAL O. C. HAMPTON It is wise to consider that in the sublime phenomena of evolution, new inspirations, improved views and progressed thoughts are continually appearing on the surface. These, with their various combinations, and translation into practical life, constitute human progression. Neither educational bias, habits, passions, nor emotions (made agreeable by long use), should array themselves in opposition to the spirit of progress, nor to the evolution of high and higher truths, nor to holy and holier obedience thereunto. Truth can never be in opposition to itself ; but it is one of the commonest of episodes for some humanity, to become alarmed for the safety of a notion or doctrine, long entertained, but perhaps never investigated for five consecutive minutes —to feel very much annoyed, if some one, by word or other challenge, deems it unworthy of veneration. Still, the ever recurring question is : What is truest and best ? And can we ignore this appeal to our intelligence and conscience, and yet be true to ourselves ? it is, I think, the dictate of wisdom to leave all questions open to the fullest investigations. A refusal to investigate a subject, fearing, lest it may overturn some pet theory, is an open avowal of insincerity ; and how can we be true to ourselves, or in tranquil at-one-ment with God, if we are insincere ? Besides, a refusal to examine any new evolution for fear of discovering some phases which may collide with our own preconceived and settled ideas of right, is cowardly, to say the least, and shows a willingness to shrink from the painful sacrifice of cherished notions, rather than possess tlie pearls of pure truth. Is such not an unhealthy state of mind ? Is it not a case of mental dyspepsia ? Some of our writers have declared that we are in a state of transition — on the periphery of an old cycle, — and j ust about to cross the borders thereof into a new sphere. Is this not a good time to investigate and discuss many points in our practice and discipline, which have no inherent fixedness in themselves, but do now and must forever move upon a sliding scale of circumstances, undergoing more or less modification, in order to musically vibrate in rythmic harmony with the sublime law of evolution and progress ? To transmute all that is good, true, beautiful, into higher forms of loveliness, and lay hold on still higher and holier truths; and incorporating them into practical life as soon as discovered, seem to me to be the religious duties of every one who believes in the doctrine of Christianity. If there is any unnecessary friction in our community machinery, it can never be removed by ignoring its existence, through fear of any consequences. Pouring on oil, though good in many cases, will not answer in all ; certainly, if positive reconstruction is in any place necessary. Celibacy, community of goods, confession of sins, and Peace, are the primal principles and obligations of all Believers ; and no Society of our people can live without them. Questions, in nowise compromising these, might be continually discussed, investigated and improved by us. Take a general question : Are all the talents, intellect, spiritual faculties and usefulness of every member fully called out and appropriated to the best possible advantage of the whole ? Again, are there not means, not yet brought into active requisition, whereby a greater amount of talent, now lying latent, might be brought into fuller use? I suppose, the object of our paper is to circulate useful knowledge in every direction the world over, and to our own Societies in particular. With this aim only in view, have I made the above suggestions; and shall my motions be seconded ?