MORAL COURAGE JAS. S. PRESCOTT I often think of the noble sentiment offered by Elder F. W. Evans, at our Cleveland Convention. Before entering the hall, he said, ' Brethren, let us lay aside all personalities, and go in and speak to the people as the Spirit may give us utterance.' In common parlance it is said that Noah built the ark ; Solomon built the temple ; U. S. Grant conquered the rebel armies ; but such were not the facts; for while others did the work, these received the praise. They were entitled to their share of credit in common with the rest who did the work; and no more. All praise belongs to no human being, but to God, the source of all good. The meed of praise awarded me in April issue, for canvassing, does not belong to me as an individual, but to the community of which I am only a component part, therefore I respectfully decline wearing the medal. With moral courage, let us canvass for 'The Shaker.' Let us lay aside all personalities, and put into the field the talents, best adapted to the work, without respect of persons, in every community of Believers, until every State is thoroughly canvassed. It is enough for us to know that ' The Shaker ' continues to be ably edited ; that its radical truths are working like leaven among the masses ; truths, too, which have been (and continue) revolutionizing the world of thought for the last one hundred years. Why, even the very heathens (so-called) are beginning to rise up in judgment against the false Christianity of our day, founded upon Paul instead of Jesus ! But they do not conflict with ' The Shaker,' neither past, nor the present. In all ages of the world, truth harmonizes with itself. Principles never 34 THE S H A. K E 35 change. It is when truth grapples with error that conflict arises. There is no conflict between the theology of The Shaker, the pentecostal church, nor any high standard of morals; and we may say, original Christianity, which existed among the Chinese, Japanese, Burmese, and Hindoos, thousands of years before the nations of Europe were known, excepting as barbarians ; while our Christian era, and, even our bible, are modern when compared with their ancient records. Viewed in the light of truthful, scientific antiquity, they cast us, as Americans, quite into the shades. No wonder our dear J. M. Peebles felt humiliated, while visiting the oriental nations, when he saw that they not only had records dating anterior to any thing he could find in the western world, but that they had inspirational gifts, too, from the God of the Universe equal to our own. It is enough for us to know that all our good deeds are recorded in the book of life; that we are in harmony with the good, the true, and the pure of all nations.