SOCIAL BEAUTIES OF SHAKER COMMUNISM SARAH A. NEAL Dear Editor of the Shaker : Being an earnest reader of The Shaker, and feeling a deep interest in its permanent success, I take the liberty to write a few lines, in which I purpose to offer some remarks upon that which would improve, and make it more effective, generally and particularly, while you certainly are at liberty to act your pleasure with the same. That The Shaker is a candid exponent of gospel truth I truly admit ; and think every reasonable reader will readily say the same; but while I have read its truths with a very large amount of pleasure, and have enjoyed a real soul-gain by so doing, I regret to observe that the beauties of social life, derived by the practice of these truthful principles, do not find fuller expression in its columns. I sometimes think, that for an exponent of cheerful Christianity, The Shaker wears too sad a countenance to comport with its true mission. Now, would it not brighten its general appearance, and make it more favorably effective to all, to blend more of our social benefits, with our religious tenets ? That the social life of Christian communism is superior in its precepts to all worldly life, we know very well; indeed, principles so beautiful as those on which our institution is founded, are calculated to produce a heaven right here upon the earth ; and if we fail to realize the superior harmonies of the angel-]ife, it is because our practical lives fail compliance with these basic principles. Living in the spirit of our gospel testimony, we necessarily renounce many practices which bring pleasure to the worldly mind; and embrace those elements which produce the joys of heaven in our present social lives. And would not individuals, making no profession of our principles, more willingly sacrifice their transient pleasures, for the acceptance of the pure and enduring joys of Christian communism, could they know that such were the living realities of our present life, and not alone anticipated hopes to be realized in the far away future ? Now it is commonly believed by those least acquainted with Shaker communism, that the Shakers are a recluse and unhappy people ; but so far from this necessarily being the case, we know that our happiness might be transcendent in excess of that realized within the limits of worldly circles. And, knowing this to be a fact, I think we fail to do justice to our gospel cause, by permitting any to think thus wrongly of our social lives, by our remaining silent on this subject. It seems to me that our paper ought to be the very christ of our day — the true medium, through which the divine spirit can reach mankind ; and to make it thoroughly loyal to its mission, we need to clothe it throughout with the genial spirit of Christ, that, while it prepares the soil, and sows the seeds of truth in nature's bleak country, it may, at the same time, reflect the warmth of spirit, and the sunshine of power, requisite to bring forth those germs into life and fruitful activity. The fact is simply this : we need to denote more of the bright, genuine influence expressed by ' I am happy, I am free.' And when we shall have convinced the world that this is our home condition, thus enhancing the beauties of our gospel, more will be attracted to our delightful precincts, to share in the truths and joys of the heavenly kingdom, not anticipated, nor imagined, but real, tangible, present possessions. Then again, if I understand Shaker communism rightly, it not only claims the faculties in their religious exercises, but it embraces every active, practical phase of a pure life ; and likewise the all domestic phases, which we nearly or wholly neglect to notice. These form an essential part in the programme of practical Christianity. And to neglect one phase of our Christian life is to reflect a shadow on all the others. And more, I think that all societies, families, and individuals could be largely benefited by a liberal expression of every Christian, domestic practice. Let us give expression to all that is good, whether coming from the basement or attic of domestic relations ; and Christian duty calls us into both places oftentimes. For instance, some society or family may have easier methods for doing certain kinds of business ; others, a more healthy kind of food and a nicer manner of preparing it. Still another may have acquired superior facilities for intellectual improvements ; and by giving expression to our various attainments in different departments of domestic life, all could be benefited by adopting the most advanced opinions. Of course these are only suggestions not intended as any intrusion upon that which could occupy their place with more propriety. But to conclude, I think if we clothe our truths with sunshine, and present them with cheerfulness, we shall increase their force, and make their effects eternal, And while I hope the truth may have a perfect growth with us all, and that the smiles of a loving providence may ever brighten the editorial sanctum of The Shaker, I remain very truly the friend of beautiful Christianity, and your sister.