VITAL TRUTHS Truth is like a torch; the more it is shaken, the more it shines. No indulgence of passion destroys the spiritual nature so much as respectable selfishness. If we get knowledge into our minds edgewise, it will soon find room to turn. He who would reprove the world must be one whom the world cannot reprove. He who reigns within himself, and rules his passions, desires, and fears, is more than a king. Good humor is the blue sky of the soul, in which every star of talent will shine more clearly. Traits of character which you seek to conceal, you had much better seek to reform. The poorest education that teaches one selfcontrol, is better than the best that neglects it. It is not enough that we swallow truth ; we must feed upon it as the insects do upon the leaf, till the whole heart is colored by its qualities, and shows its food in every fibre. If you put a hot coal in your pocket it will burn its way out. Aye, and so will a bad deed that is hidden make itself known. A fault concealed is a fault doubled ; and so you will find all through life. Never hide your faults, but confess them, and seek through God's help to overcome them. Herbert Spencer says, ' Whoever hesitates to utter that which he thinks the highest truth, lest it should be too much in advance of the time, may reassure himself by looking at his acts from an impersonal point of view. Let him duly realize the fact that opinion is the agency through which character adapts external arrangements to itself— that his opinion rightly forms part of this agency— is a unit of force, part of the general power which works out social changes; and he will perceive that he may properly give full utterance to his innermost conviction, leaving it to produce what effect it may. He must remember that, while he is a descendant of the past, he is a parent of the future ; and that his thoughts are children which he may not carelessly let die. The highest truth he sees he will fearlessly utter, knowing that whatever may come of it, he is thus playing his right part in the world.'