OUR BOOK TABLE Thirty Discussions : D. M. Bennett, 335 Broadway, N. Y. In this volume, we have collated many of the most brilliant truths evolved by the nineteenth century. The subjects discussed embrace the most prominent of Bible errors. To those who believe the entire Bible to be the word of God — plenary inspiration — we advise them to let this valuable book alone, unless they are prepared to accept the truth at the expense of such belief. Let those who dare love and read the truth, send and get Thirty Discussions by all means. Truth Seeker Tracts: The Same. We have been delighted with the reading of these living utterances of so many champions of truth. Their authors are numerous. The unsparing zeal exercised by them in enunciating the gospel of truth, as opposed to priestcraft, etc., is very worthy of imitation; and the best way to begin the imitation is to send for these leaflets, loose, or bound in neat, tasty volumes. Write the publisher—a most genial man—and we almost suspect you will get a copy of the ¦' Truth Seeker ' in return, containing catalogue of these valuable, and error-killing tracts. Be benevolent, be noble; do by him, as by the best friend of humanity. The World's Sixteen Crucified Saviours: Colby &amp; Rich, Publishers, Boston, Mass. So much has been written of this book, that to say very extravagant things of it, would only be repetition and superfluous. We perceive that some of our Shaker fraternity have been complimenting it very highly through the press variously. As a work of deep thought, and sincere devotion of what is right, it will find few equals, and very few superiors. We do not see how such a book can fail of receiving a very thorough perusal and digestion; and as a consequence, there will have been added to the army of truth-finders, a host of infidels to an extensive, erroneous system of theology, which hides the prominence of a great Christianity, prior to Jesus. Every Library is incomplete unless this book is there. Order of us, or the publishers, post-paid, $2.20. The American Socialist: Oneida, N. Y. Weekly. This new weekly replaces the Circular, so long and successfully published by the Communists of Oneida. It presents a very beautiful appearance, has a very pleasant form — same as New Age and Scientific American — and is replete with matter that will interest and instruct all having community tendencies. Whatever we as Shakers may think of the social life at O. C—and we have partaken largely of the popular prejudice against them —we are forced to accord to them a wisdom in communistic arrangements, other than the social, honesty in manufactures, and a peaceable uprightness in their dealings with those not of their body, that are worthy of our competition. We may have occasion to often refer to the Socialist; and expecting that it will become a large power in our land, wish it only God speed. Subscription, $2.00. The Cottage Hearth: Milliken &amp; Spencer, Boston, Mass. We were surprised at reading not long ago, that three-fifths of all periodicals published in the entire world are issued from the American press. Whoever should be so fortunate, as to get hold of a copy of the above monthly, will find a collation of miscellany, music and recipes, that have been chosen with the most exceeding care. As a secular magazine, we have not seen any thing higher toned, nor more desirable; and we now wonder less that America leads the world.