JESUS AS A LAWYER A personal friend of ours, has for a very long time been the unfortunate victim of grave accusations, and that these may be proven facts, abundant opportunity is being consumed, before courts, councils, committees, and the general world of thinking men and women. They may prove to be mere scandal ; they may prove truths, which 'the mills of the gods,' so slowly, yet inevitably jn'csent. But in all the trials thus far, there has been an element wanting, which, being prevalent in Jesus, made him the best of lawyers ¦— preeminently the most desirable one upon such trying occasions. The majority of the people has adjudged Beecher guilty. There are the best of evidences for believing that this verdict reflects the construction of too many guilty hearts. We have not come forward at this late hour, to be the champion of our illustrious friend, we will not even assert his innocence, though we must be permitted to hope so, but we have risen to interpose the argument of Jesus in his behalf, even supposing his case to wear the worst possible construction. Our impressions are, that these trials have been conceived, opened, prosecuted and attended, by a class resembling one of old, which introduced an equally aggravating case to the attention of Jesus, and at the conclusion of which he figured conspicuously. A scene: A party of two — man and woman — are detected in a very wrong act, for the punishment of which the law of Moses had prescribed stoning to death. The icoman only is brought before Jesus, to test the competency of his judgment concerning the law. His answer is well known; and there were no stones cast. Still they questioned Jesus, what they should do with her; while he, stooped to the ground, and as if he heard them not, wrote with his finger thereon, and the revelation of the spirit, says that he wrote: uTe have all done likewise.' A Jesus was needed in these terrible trials of our friend, to have given a quietus at the first, of causes which have cast such baneful influences all over the world. Our opinion is: If Jesus had conducted Beecher's defense, he would not have shielded him if guilty; but he would have spoken and written as once before, for the benefit of Beecher's accusers, '' and they being convicted of their own consciences, went out' leaving Jesus and Beecher alone; and, assured by Beecher's honest confession, of his true condition, the ever memorable index to true repentance might have been useful: 'Go, and sin no more,' while Brooklyn, and all else, could profitably lament: ' Alas, for the rarity of Christian charity, Under the sun.' We all may conclude, that in being weighed in the balance of eternal justice, none will weigh the more in righteousness, for traducing Beecher's or any other's character. Let Jesus be admitted to practice in our own courts. ^