LITTLE SINS DANIEL ORCUTT 'A little sin is no harm!' These words have caused more destrflction to human souls, than perhaps all the rest of Satan's artillery! A little of the forbidden fruit, urged the arch tempter, to the Mother of mankind, will do no harm ; it will, on the contrary, open your eyes to behold hidden mysteries ! The unsuspecting pair believed too readily, and we know the consequences. It is by little and little, that sin increases in strength upon its victims by repetition ; until it overpowers their fortitude and bids defiance to their noblest resolutions. It is astonishing how some imperceptibly yield to vice, and how firmly they adhere to it. They begin with very slight departures from strict honesty; which hardly seem to carry ' the appearance of evil,' and go on, from bad to worse, till they finish their criminal career by a bold plunge into certain destruction! Nothing is more obvious than the connection between the beginning and the termination of sinful practices; yet how difficult to convince the young of its reality. When entering upon the ' broad road,' they do not seem to have the least fear of the fatal issue; but think they can easily effect an escape when danger appear; but soon ' their bands are made strong,' and ere they are aware, they are bound by the iron grasp of that monster, vice, and ruined ! We often feel the greatest security when in the greatest danger ! ' Who is afraid ? not I,' has been the destruction of thousands! ' Let those who think they stand, take heed lest they fall! ' No one suddenly becomes depraved and abandoned; the beginnings are small, like the leak in the ship, or the hole in the levee ; but the stain to the soul will appear. Some think that little sins are not bad, provided great ones are not committed; others believe they are a little bad, but in so small degree that no record is kept. No mistake is more fatal than this ; it is the way that vice maintains its dominion on this earth; the standing cause of ruin to the souls of millions! Vice, after thousands of years in destroying souls, has become a powerful agent; and to be safe from its enticements, the voice of conscience must be regarded, in little things. Let all beware of the first wrong step / Here is the chief danger. It lies in venturing upon little indulgences, slight violations of conscience. The only safeguard is, ' avoid the appearance of evil; ' ' watch and pray that ye enter not into temptation.' Watch ! the enemy is in close pursuit, perhaps unseen, along your path! Keep your armor on ; he will strike unawares ! ' A prudent man foreseeth the evil and hideth himself ; the simple (rejecting the counsel of the wise) pass on and are punished.'