ORIGINAL AND MODERN CHRISTIANITY The N. Y. Sun of April 7th, presented in a leading editorial upon ' Daniel Drew as a Speculator and Theologian,' some of the best of hints upon ancient and modern Christianity. We transfer them to our columns with great pleasure, and hope tens of thousands will transfer them from our columns, into the treasury of their hearts, from whence, we hope, there shall evolve a more genuine and practical Christianity. The question ot 'Labor vs. Capital' is up for settlement; let it be settled upon the eternal basis of the early, pentecostal, communistic relations. Then we shall have no rich, none poor, all will be brethren. There will be observed through the following, a twinkling of mirth, the better illustrating the scintillations of the grand truth of universal brotherhood: '^ ? * * 'The demands of a growing civilization have greatly modified Christianity since it was first preached in Galilee, and the eye of the needle has in the course of twenty centuries been gradually enlarged so as to admit the biggest camel of the herd. It is plain that if we make it a dubious matter whether rich men get into heaven, we discourage trade and setup a bar against the cultivation of the useful desire for riches. * * * ' But is it not a little strange that the (Drew's) theological plant has grown in such a soil? Does it not furnish food for reflection ? Give all thou hast to the poor and follow me, was the injunction of the Nazarene. He taught that gold was not a salve for a sore conscience or a pavement for the narrow way to heaven. Such healing must be won by the abandonment of the sordid practices by which the gold was gained, not merely by the relinquishment of the whole or a part of the plunder, and that road must be trod by wayfarers who not only gave up what they had wrested through cupidity, but who also eschewed cupidity itself and followed the lead of a higher and more spiritual guide. If we people of New York should practically take the words of Christ as our guide and follow the example of the chosen companions of his earthly career whom he commended, or even that of the early Christian community who had all things in common, we should have a very different civilization from that we now boast of. ' It is idle to deny that the seed planted in Judea has grown into a tree whose outspreading branches shade and shelter a much more complex system, and one more adjustable to the desires and passions of men than the simple Christianity of the New Testament. This it is which makes the work SH A.KEH. 38 THE SHAKER. of preachers and evangelists such up-hill labor. But the great dofctrines of the brotherhood of man, and that each must share his brother's burdens, that the unvarying moral law punishes evil doing and rewards righteous doing, that man must work to fulfill a use, not to secure selfish gain only, that duty and not pleasure shall rule men's lives, that immortality is the privilege of man, and that God is one—the essential teachings of Christ — are as resonant in men's ears to-day as when first they were uttered in Galilee.'