WHAT CHEER? This is the centennial year of our country; and by many deemed the same of the introduction of Shaker principles into American atmospheres. While America will, filled with an emulation worthy of much expression, do its utmost to display what one hundred years has done for it as a nation, we as religious contemporaries, should not be behind in giving the largest illustration of what gospel principles, introduced by Ann Lee, have, in the same length of time, done for the elevation and salvation of human souls. Weighed in the balance of worth, a single soul is more precious in God's sight than many Americas! But, how valuable the bo.on to be in possession of a liberty which permits us to be just as good, pure, peaceable, unworldly and philanthropic as we choose, without the least dread of violating the laws of the country in which we reside. Of no other country can we say as much. Blest thus, what lies in the way of our rendering to the world at large, the most cheering illustrations of pure possibilities, and of making effective the attractions of a cheerful Christianity ? Brethern and Sisters, what have we, individually and collectively, to offer as cheer to way-faring, sin-sick humanity ? Let us revive, and let not our centennial pass without giving the largest of evidences that we have, in very active operation, principles that save us from our sins, and from the desire to sin — principles that have changed our hearts, from worldly, flesh-loving, self-gratifying individuals, into a truthloving, truth-living brotherhood — pentecostal practitioners in all Christian life. ' What cheer? ' '' Salvation in deed ? ' « What inducements to the weary and heavy laden? ' ' Rest? ' '' What cheer?' 'Do you love Shaker life better than all worldly life? ' ' Do you take more comfort in its practice than in 'all the world besides?'' 'Does it make you cheerful, kind, peaceful and restful? ' If it is to us 'the pearl of great price,' 'the only way' — the grandest panacea for unsaved humanity — and unless it is, we are hypocrites — let us be up and doing, daily answering ' what cheer? ' 7^