MUSIC NO. 5. BASSINI'S THEORY. J. G. RUSSELL Physically speaking, ' tone is breath, made vocal ' therefore, the respiratory process is the great, moving cause of the origin of tone. The thorax, alluded to in the preceding number, is an organ, capable of immense compression, and expansion, which renders it a befitting receptacle for the lungs, and likewise subserves the purpose of giving, by its resonance, both depth and volume to tone. Rising now higher, in the scale of tone-rendering, we trace the movements of expired air, as it leaves the lungs, and enters two great branches, or tubes, anatomically termed the bronchi, at the junction of which is a single tube, called the trachea, which is composed of numerous cartilaginous rings, into which the air passes. Situated on the top of the trachea, is a cartilaginous box, called the larynx, which, in the language of Bassini, ' is composed of four pieces, which have the power of playing into each other, or of moving together. Through the center of the larynx is a hollow passage, or continuation of the air-tube. This tube terminates in a wide opening, which is formed by the vocal cords, being of triangular shape, and is called the glottis. Above this opening is a valve, called the epiglottis. The epiglottis covers the air tube, and protects it in the act of swallowing ; the food passing down behind at the back of the throat. Above the epiglottis is a continuation of the opening [leading both into the mouth and the nose] called the 'pharynx. The walls of the pharynx have the power of contracting, or acting upon, the column of air, thus modifying the tone.' The larynx, then, is the principal instrument in the production of vocal sound ; and through its mechanical structure we come to consider the nature of the voice. Though writers upon this subject are somewhat at variance in their ideas as regards its likeness to certain kinds of musical instruments, they coincide in the idea that its imitation is good in certain ways. The distinguished Bassini — before alluded to — after recognizing three kinds of musical instrument, viz. : the reed, the stringed, and the flute (all three of which he explains), thus writes, ' But I cannot resist the conviction, that the voice is an admirable compound of all three, mechanisms ; and for this reason : It is not a reed alone, because a voice can slide from one tone to another (like sliding a finger up a violin or guitar string), in a manner impossible to a reed instrument. Besides, in a reed instrument, the reed, or tongue, is fastened at one end only; whereas, the vocal cords, in their perpendicular extension through the larynx, are fastened at both.' Again, ' The voice is not a stringed instrument alone, because in the production of falsetto tones (so called), the strings cease to vibrate.' Still again, ' It is not a flute instrument alone, because only a portion of the tones are produced by the vibration of a column of air in a fixed tube. The voice, therefore, I cannot but think, wonderfully combines the advantages of the reed, the string, and the flute mechanism, most closely resembling, however, the reed.'