A NEW SOCIALISTIC INSTITUTION IN VERMONT [From the Manufacturer and Builder.] Will it Work? — A number of young persons in Springfield, Vt., have associated themselves on a plan based upon principles much further reaching than the so often tried and unsuccessful co-operative plan, but based somewhat on the socialistic principle, though so modified as to secure its success, by keeping out lazy and selfish individuals. They have established an institution which they call the Industrial Works, and this establishment furnishes all the members with constant employment at fair wages, and a pleasant home at a small cost, which is meeting with a success so marked as to attract the attention of all thinking people. The members of this association are all young people, who are willing to rid themselves of all bad habits, work steadily, dress economically, and save a portion of their wages; no others are taken. All the men who join are required to furnish a small amount of capital, and to save one-fourth of their wages, which must be invested in the capital stock of the association. Women are not required to furnish any capital at the outset, but must save one-sixth of their wages and invest it in the business. Those who do not comply with the requirements of the association are expelled, and those who wish to leave can do so at any time, and can withdraw their capital by giving six months' notice. The wages paid to each member are fixed by a Board of Directors, and are proportioned to their skill and ability. They have a large dwelling, or home, where the members live and enjoy many privileges and comforts not usually found in families or boarding-houses. All pay a moderate price for their board from their wages. They have two new factory buildings, a good water privilege and considerable machinery, and are engaged in the manufacture of toy and house-furnishing goods, for which they find a ready sale. They commenced business a year ago with five hands, and are now working forty-five ; their sales for last month were over |3,000, their pay-roll for the month was over $1,200, and the saving of wages which was added to the capital of the company was over $300. The average amount saved from the wages of each man in a year is $150, and of each woman $50. Many of the members have saved much more than this during the year, but this is all that is required of them. The aggregate amount saved by the present company in a year will be nearly $5,000.