SPIRIT OF THE FARM NOTES BY THE EDITOR. The Potato Bug threatens all sections. We hope all farmers will experiment successfully on its extirpation. We caution against the much-talked of remedy —Paris Green. We advise, where it can be conveniently done, the rearing of chickens and turkeys among the crop. But the fowls may not be*eaten, until they have been again fed for several days. Apple Tree Worms have been best dealt with by us, by burning them in their nests, before the dew is off in the morning. Tie with wire on the end of a long pole, rags saturated with any pitchy or tarry substance, and in this way a man will free several acres in a few mornings. Lice on Cattle have been successfully exterminated with us, by painting with lard oil, about the horns, and along the entire spine of the animals. The application should be made on a warm day, and in the sunshine. The lice eat the lard and burst! Crows and Corn. Few things are more disagreeable than crows, to farmers with nice fields for maize. We have the best of success in putting to flight these brave birds which never show a white feather! 1. Pour over the seed, in a tub or pail, hot water, sufficient to cover it. In a few minutes, pour off the water, and spread coal tar over the top, about a large teaspoonful to the quart. Stir while the corn is warm, and the whole will be handsomely glazed with tar. Add ashes or plaster for better handling, and plant when ready. 2. Feed a few quarts of corn to the crows on the field. Prepare this corn for their especial use. Soak in warm water until slightly swelled; then add about a teaspoonful of strichnine to three quarts, stirring well. Scatter over the field. They won't eat much, and will condemn farmer and field in every crow council. Paint. Few suggestions are worth more to farmers, than to keep their tools, and general farm apparatus well painted. The oil and paint fill up the pores of the wood, preventing moisture and atmospheric gases, which invariably tend to rot the handles of tools, beams of plows, etc. When next a break occurs, ask yourself, if painting tools does not pay ? Plant Fruit Trees, Evergreens, etc. On this centennial era, let farmers decide to plant many trees. Let their fathers, mothers, sisters, brothers and children give way to a general freedom to plant trees of every variety obtainable. Timber is getting scarce: evergreens were never half numerous enough; and fruit trees will be In greater demand by the increase of population. When an Italian or Spaniard eats nice fruit, he plants the seeds. As the consequence of such practice for many years, the roadsides of their countries are lined with delicious fruits, which are free for every traveler. The practice should be inaugurated, and practiced in America forever,