VALUABLE RECIPES To Mend Cfiinaivare.— Take a very thick solution of gum arabic and stir into it plaster of paris until the mixture is of proper consistency. Apply it with a brush to the fractured edges of the chinaware, and stick them together. In a few days it will be impossible to break the article in the same place. The whiteness of the cement renders it doubly valuable. Flowers nearly always begin to fade and droop, after being kept for twenty hours in water; a few may be revived by substituting fresh, but all may be restored by the use of hot water. For this purpose place the flowers in scalding water, deep enough to cover about one-third of the length of the stems. By the time this is cold the flowers will have become erect and fresh. Then cut off the shrunken ends of the stems and put them into cold water. To Improve Court Plaster. — Court plaster often becomes almost useless by age, dampness, etc. It can be made almost as good as new by coating it with the white of an egg. To Remove Old Putty. —Make a paste of strong soft-soap and saleratus, and cover the old putty. In a few hours it will easily yield to removal. To Remove Bust from Table Wares. - Cover with sweet oil. After two or three days, a lump of fresh lime will entirely rub out the stain. To Stop Mouse Holes. —Take nine parts of wood ashes and one part wheat flour; make paste with warm water. When dry you will have an impenetrable mortar. To Banish House Vermin.—Croton, bed and cockroach bugs, we are assured, can be thoroughly removed by dissolving two pounds of alum in hot or boiling water, and applying to their habitations with a brush. For small families let the quantity of alum be smaller, but as strong as possible. To Prevent Hens Eating their Feathers. —A writer in the Country Gentleman says, that a sure antidote for this pernicious hen habit is salt! Take a teaspoonful of salt, dissolve in hot water, and mix with eight quarts feed, made of four parts bran, to one of corn meal, by measure. Burns. — An application of varnish is first best thing to do for a burn. Ever Blooming Lily. — Mrs. Rollins Smith, of Swanton, Vt., writes to the Burlington Free Press as follows: 'Since the notice in the Free Press recently of my possessing a continually blooming calla, I have received several letters from different parts of the State asking me for the treatment which produces such favorable results. I use a four-gallon jar, and give an eastern exposure. In the summer I keep it wet enough so the water may stand on the top, and at all times very wet. Once a year I take out the plant, shake the earth from the roots, and fill the jar with earth taken from under old sod. As soon as a blossom commences to wither I cut it down, never allowing a flower to die on the plant. The result is, in sixteen months I have had eighteen blossoms on one plant, and at the prestent time it has two very large full blossoms.'