VALUABLE MONUMENTS It is a little more than six years since Mr. Peabody died, and already ten of the commodious and substantial dwelling-houses he bequeathed to the workingmen of London have risen in the metropolis, all, save one, being completed and occupied. The first, built in Spitalflelds and completed during the life-time of Mr. Peabody, has since been followed by the erection of nine others in various parts of the city. Another is now in course of building, and promises to be the largest of all, for it stands on five acres of ground, and affords a site for thirty-six blocks. In the aggregate the population of Peabody's buildings is not less than ten thousand persons. What the population will be in the course of twenty years might be calculated by an easy sum. The amount left by Mr. Peabody, with the object of providing ' improved dwellings for the poor of London,' was $2,500,000. This is a capital sum laid out in an investment returning a certain moderate but safe interest, as it accumulates, becomes available for the building of dwellings ; and these will themselves, in the magical manner peculiar to compound interest, add further sums to the capital. Each of the ten houses is a substantial building of twelve blocks, and, taking the average of four in each family, will supply house room for about one thousand persons. In each block there are twenty-two tenements, a few consisting of one room, some of two, and many of three, but each absolutely self-contained, and all as private as need be. Each of the tenements is well provided with all manner of conveniences. There are a few simple rules enforced in the buildings, but they are designed simply in the interests of order and cleanliness, and for the general good of the little community. Peabody's buildings never have any empty rooms. At the present moment the one on Southwark street has upon its books three hundred applicants over and above the available accommodation. The tenants are strictly of the laboring classes, it being an unprinted rule of the place that no man earning more than twenty-five, or at most thirty, shillings a week is eligible for admission. Nothing else is required of an incoming tenant further than a voucher of his respectability, generally sought at the hands of his employer. The Hindoos extend their hospitality to their enemies, saying: ' The tree does not withdraw its shade even from the wood-cutter.'