LET WOMAN CHOOSE HER SPHERE RUTH WEBSTER It is plainly seen that our country is in a sad condition, financially and morally. It has been said, by those who should know, that our rulers are the cause of the difficulty. Why complain of our rulers ? Are they not just the men you put there to administer the affairs of government 1 If they are the best men you can get, why not try the women, and see if they will make an improvement? True, they are not prepared, nor will they be until there is some prospect of their having the work to do. Then they will feel the need of a preparation. All women will not be prepared to take a part in the affairs of government, any more than all men are. Neither will they be likely to fit themselves for such duties, until there is some prospect of their being called to perform them. Woman has an idea that there is some higher mission for her than to be ruled by man and minister to his gratification, so she must and will have a chance to work out this idea. There is no longer any use in reiterating the old story about woman's sphere, woman's duties, etc. Has she not a good right to know where her sphere is and what her duties are, as any man has to tell her ? Her sphere is wherever she can do the most good. Her duties are to do whatever she can do well. Her right is to occupy the position in which she can best help her fellows. There is a sphere of very different character, but it is not woman's sphere, nor do those who occupy it call themselves women — they are ladies. Their duties, if such they can be called, are to amuse those of the opposite sex, dress, go to the theater, go shopping and attend a lap-dog. These and their associates are those who cry out the loudest about woman's sphere. There is another class who are alarmed lest there be some innovation. They say, ' Don't remove the old landmarks.' There is no innovation — things occur in the regular course of events. In the beginning, or at the time of the transgression, when man and woman listened to their inferior natures, represented by the serpent, it was said to woman that her ' desires should be to her husband, and he should rule over her.' Whether this was spoken as prophecy or penalty, is immaterialSHAKERS, I Y, JUNE, 1876. SHAKER YILLAGE 11 \ \LSGS' I No- 6- THE SHA.KER. In either case, it has been fulfilled to the letter. She has consented to the condition, and at every marriage has promised ' to obey.' In some cases the obedience has been rendered grudgingly, in others given as unto the Lord, or as his requirements. The apostle Paul was very explicit in his teachings on this subject. He said he suffered not a woman to teach or to usurp authority over the man, but she was to be in silence, and if she would know any thing, let her ask her husband at home. Here he seems to take it for granted that the young women had taken his advice and got married. Yet he taught that there was a superior condition to this; that the unmarried woman, or virgin, cared for the things of the Lord, that she might be pure in body and spirit; but the married woman cared for the things of the world, that she might please her husband. This might have been right in that day, yet the same apostle also said, that '' the time was short, and it remained where those who had wives should be as though they had none;' thus showing clearly that the condition of things then should not always exist. In fact, there was an intimation of the same in the beginning, when it was said the seed of the woman should bruise the serpent's head. In olden times slaves were to be released at stated times, as well as debtors. Is there no releasement for woman ? Is she alone to be held in perpetual bondage ? Not so ! Woman is to be redeemed. As by woman came sin, so by woman shall she be redeemed. There shall yet be a grand jubilee. Then, indeed, ' shall the virgins go forth in the dances of them that make merry.' Purity and innocence shall envelop her as a garment, and the graces of the spirit shall be beautiful to behold. Then shall the curse be removed. Then shall she be free, a subject of the new creation, having no carnal desires, no unhallowed thoughts nor feelings. Nor has she to go to the spirit world to realize these conditions, for it is to be on earth that God's will is to be done, as in Heaven. Here is where the ' new heaven and the new earth, wherein shall dwell righteousness,' is to be. The old earth and heavens are fast passing away ; all things are in a transitory state, hence the commotion. In the new earth there is to be a natural order and a spiritual order, corresponding to sowing and reaping, or, as it is said, ' first that which is natural, then that which is spiritual.' There is something for each one to do. Let us see that our own influence is on the side of right, and that we are not too critical as to the modes or instruments used by others; in short, not be like those disciples who said to the Master, ' We saw some casting out devils in Thy name, and forbid them, because they followed not us.' They were reproved by Jesus. Things may get a trifle mixed up, but every thing will come out right eventually, for the spirit world is engaged to help on the work, and there is wisdom and love to complete the same. As to the form of government that shall be in the natural order, we are inclined to think it will be Communism, and that there will be perfect equality of the sexes ; and, even in this, harmony will prevail. Union Village, 0. A piece of ice applied to a mosquito bite will remove the pain.