THE LEAVEN WORKING (New Jerusalem Messenger.) This is the great use of all associated action of every kind. The greatest personal use is not the help we get in accomplishing any particular object, though that may be very large. The most valuable good we get is the reflex action upon ourselves, in correcting idiosyncracies, rubbing off sharp corners, and straightening out crooked lines by contact with others. Society is a gyre in which Ave are carried round and round and prepared to act in harmony with others. It is very easy for most people to be amiable when no one opposes them, and they come into no unpleasant contacts. The test of good feeling is to have our own plans opposed, and to work with others pleasantly in accomplishing a common end, in their ways rather than our own. When we can do that, we probably get more good from our work than we should if we had our own way. Of course, one plan, considered in itself, is better than another, but the best plan is the one in which the greatest number can be united in a common work. When the people begin to work together in a right spirit, they will soon discover a better way, if there is one, and be willing to accept it. We believe in associated work; and when a man or woman cannot work with others, it will generally be found that they are so crooked that no one can touch them except upon some points in which they come into collision, and they cannot approach others without hurting them, or they are so full of the love of self, and so arrogant, that they think every one must conform to them. We must work together, and the less we are disposed to do it, the more necessity there is for it. Be Liberal. — Condemn no man for not thinking as you think. Let every one enjoy the free liberty of thinking for himself. Let every man use his own judgment, since every man must give an account of himself to God. Abhor every approach, in any kind of degree, to the spirit of persecution. If you cannot reason or persuade a man into the truth, never attempt to force him into it. If love will not compel him to come, leave him to God, the judge of all.