OUR ACKNOWLEDGMENTS We sometimes have pleasant paragraphs come into our sanctum. 'We are always happy to have people who write us know that we love to appreciate them. We acknowledge reception from one, who loves The Shaker best, as the deacon did the meetings he attended— 'always have good meetings when I take an active part in them!' Won't some of those grumbling, indifferent, lukewarm and doubtful Shakers write something interesting for our columns? We acknowledge having received a certain communication from a lovable correspondent, claiming, 'like the colored individual, praying to the Lord, that he 'didn't trouble him very often, but when he did come, he thought he ought to be noticed.' Come on, dear friends, we '11 be as nearly like the Lord in patience, under the same circumstances, as we can. We acknowledge the receipt of an offer from a talented neighbor, to write a serial love story (!) for The Shaker! What next? But our correspondent, in hopes to catch us napping, baited her hook with a bit of originality: She proposed, after having the usual rigmarole of moonshine go on, until the usual question was proper, and then instead of its being an offer of marriage, have hero and heroine join the Shaken ! Such circumstance has actually occurred in real life,but in declining the serial, we recommend the party to one Bonner, of New York, who, biting at so strong a hook, will introduce a Shaker net into the Ledger! We acknowledge, from an anonymous correspondent, (are you ashamed of your name?) the following: 'marriage.' 'Domestic happiness, thou only bliss '¦ Of paradise, that has survived the fall!' This was all, and instead, of our being surprised at the apparently Miltonian sentiment, we wondered where in all this world our correspondent could get an illustration to prove this assertion true ! If the blisters of marriage are all that has survived paradise, we might all despair. We now wonder less, that the individual withheld his name; and are reminded by it of an incident which Beecher tells of: 'I received a letter on April first; and on opening it, all I could see was 'April Fool!' I have received many letters in which individuals forgot to write their names; but this was the first time I ever knew any one to sign his name, and forget to write his letter !' We will never think of our correspondent without remembering 'April Fool.' We acknowledge, one more : James Sherman, Rochester, t&gt;. Y., writes us a long letter: 'Don't send that Shaker to my wife any more, stop it. Since she began reading it she is a spoiled woman, etc.' Now, dear enemy Sherman, if your wife has subscribed for The Shaker, we cannot stop it without her request. If she is a nice woman (if she likes The Shaker, she must be), and you want her for a wife, we advise you, by all means, to keep The Shaker away from her — if you can! We really pity a man who does not like The Shaker, and has a wife that does. What dreadful times must be there! We advise agreement between men and their wives; and if your wife is determined to read The Shaker and love the Shakers, and you cannot persuade her to the contrary, then you had better agree with tier! But we have known some such women before; they seemed so determined to have their rights, that if their husbands had kicked Jesus Christ out of the front door, they would have taken him in.at the back window! If you cannot manage that case at home, don't ask us to do so, hundreds of miles off. But The Shaker must still live — and we opine, if it does, your wife will manage to get it, and we hope for what is best.