FLOWERS, AND THEIR USES SARAH ANN NEAL I believe all things were intended to be made useful. I regard flowers as one of the crowning beauties of earth life, and we have abundant spiritual intimations, that they are so considered in the heavens. I consider flowers one of'the requisites to make this life bappy; and look upon their culture, as one of the most pleasant and elevating recreations which any can pursue. The tendencies of floriculture are such, that the general temperament of individuals is improved thereby, and thus their real character is beneficially and permanently affected. For children, no better enjoyment can be devised than growing flowers, when not engaged in study or other duties. It affords innocent and healthful exercise to the body, while it prompts the mind to engage in pleasant thoughts, which cause the performance of kind actions. Those who have a natural love for flowers are able to appreciate, immeasurably, their true value; and are fortunate to have discovered, that while nearly all call them beautiful, they are truly subjects for use. While many floral uses lie latent and hid from the casual observer, one needs but to witness their effects in the sick room, to be convinced that they have a beautiful and useful mission. Here, they more frequently operate recuperatively to the invalid, hastening convalescence, than the hourly or daily ' dose ' of well-intended medicine. And the smiles which I have seen them elicit under such conditions, have been most appreciative in expressing the worth of their mission. Refined and intelligent society consider flowers indispensable, at least, to the appearance of happiness; and while appearances count for but little, compared with real happiness, still is not the smiling countenance, generally and truthfully taken as the index to a happy mind ! And when the physiognomy of home is radiant with sunlit cheerfulness and the brightness of flowers, do these not indicate happiness, beauty, and goodness within? Nature sends forth a spontaneous growth of flowers, which are many fold improved by cultivation. Cultivating the beautiful and useful reflections of spirit life, (and are not flowers such ?) we are permitted to participate in the joys of Angels, ' all along whose pathway, fruits and flowers are growing ! ' Like even better, God-given graces, flowers have been perverted to very base uses ; and while we strive to lift the head and heart, the tongue and pen to a resurrection above their perversions, and higher than their natural goodness, may we not purify the love for flowers, until all lustful interpretation is forever banished from the mind. Whoever adulterously looks upon the little flower beauty, which lifts its head with the expression, ' God made me for use,' is an unsafe possessor of eyes to mingle in any human society. Then may we not love more, and have more of 'The bright, beautiful, love-beaming flowers, '• Which are linked with life's purest and sunniest hours?' Shakers, N. Y.