OUR BROTHER'S KEEPER ELDER 'WILLIAM REYNOLDS Editor of The Shaker : Through the kindness of Elder H. B. Bear, 1 was favored with the perusal of The Shaker containing your article on ' The Responsibilities of the Rich.' The entire number is a credit to both publisher and editor. Upon reading it, I was led to ask myself : What is to become of the poor, if the rich fail to use their superior abilities in their behalf? There certainly is something very wrong about the present workings of our civilization. Riding, a few days since, with one of our moneyed men of Ohio, I was distressed at hearing him groan over the depreciation of various stocks in which he had interests. I opened upon him, by frankly telling him, that we questioned his right to use his fine abilities for such peculiarly selfish ends — to acquire wealth at the expense of his neighbor's rights. ' You have money to loan,' said I, ' your neighbor is in need, and borrows of you at a high rate of interest, hoping, positively expecting, when crops are gathered, to have plenty, to return principal, interest, and a surplus. The season proves a failure to crops ; taxes, interest and principal are all due ; family expenses must be met; and to meet these, the homestead is sold, and you bid it in, thus absorbing the rights of your neighbor — they become legally yours. And thus you have become owner of many estates, and are a wealthy man. However legal all these transactions may be, are they right, when viewed by the light of the laws of God and human philanthropy ? Because the superior organization of your brain has fitted you to outgeneral your neighbor's calculations, have you any right to deprive him thus? and must not a man be more than a common Christian who can have other than hate for one, who, in his extremity, took such legal, but ungodly advantage of him ? ' But you have the law to uphold you. And this law will punish the original owner as a thief, who dares take an armful of wood from what you own ! Where shall we find justice in this ? ' I say it is a settled question with me, that you have no right to use your noble abilities, in grasping thus for selfish purposes, and at others' expense. Frugal as are the Shakers, they with difficulty make their financial ends meet in these fearful times ; and where some of our financiers have broken sacred laws, forbidding the contracting of debts, they are not able to pay the interest on those debts, and keep their families in the decent order which God's people should live ; but ' pinch, pinch, pinch,' seems to be the order of their day, until the producers seem unwilling to bear such oppressions from the oppressors.' Union Village, 0.