PAUL. (Intermediate Paper.) We intend some further notice of this important character in the near future. But we have received so many letters, pro and con.— the majority, to our surprise, favorable to our position — that a few words are now necessary. So beautifully sincere are so many who have taken the contra side to us, that we feel their wounds intensely. One, in particular, writes us affectionately : ' I find no trouble in harmonizing the writings of Paul with the teachings of Jesus, etc.' True, undoubtedly. But while tens of thousands assert the same, each interprets the teachings after his or her own manner, and a strange disagreement has ever been the result. Why has it needed numerous colleges and theological academies, and more than a Philadelphia lawyer's ability to interpret what Paul may have meant? 'Tis not so with men, equally wise to day. Our dear friend continues : ' You make it appear that Paul was very troublesome to the other apostles, violent, etc. But I am at a loss to find wherein, etc.' We had particular reference to Paul's terrible displeasure at Peter's 45 4:6 THE SHAKER. conduct at Antioch, at the weaning of Barnabas and others from the Gentiles. There is no doubt that the epistle to the Galatians was written by Paul, while in a fit of very unchristian passion. And yet, we have in this epistle, besides the most interesting record of the epoch, revealing to us, with much precision, the means used to attract foreign nations; the struggles in which the apostles to the Gentiles had to engage, and the numerous compromises to which the Christian doctrine was successively subjected. To read Paul rightly, needs the entire relinquishment of prepossession, and without malice. We apologize for the mistake (second paper) in using the expression ' second epistle of James;' we meant chapter. Our friends and loving foes on this subject are beautifully unanimous upon the essential feature: Kegardless of what Paul or others wrote and meant, the life of Christ is the MAIN thing, to which we cannot too quickly nor heartily enough respond, AMEN.