THE CHEMICAL FORCES OF PLANTS AND ANIMALS. NO. 1 DANIEL FRASER If we want twenty-five bushels of wheat to the acre, more than the natural yield of the land, apply 41 pounds of nitrogen, 24 pounds of actual potash and 20 pounds soluble phosphoric acid. And, if you want a few more bushels to the acre, increase the proportion of nitrogen, etc. What does nitrogen represent in the animal economy ? It is the muscle-forming element. The phosphoric acid finds lime in the soil for making bones. What does the potash do? There is very little of it in a pound of grain, but much, comparatively, in a pound of straw. It forms with sand a silicate of potash, and coats the stems of the wheat and oat plants with a beautiful straw-colored varnish. If there is a lack of this substance in the land, the plants cannot varnish themselves, nor stand well up to ripen in the sunshine — cannot resist atmospheric influences, and are blasted, making dusty threshing ; the grain also is injured. What a wonderful world we live in! Every grain-plant is a little chemist; it sends its roots into its laboratory, the earth. Interesting chemical changes are in action there, and when the bone and muscle-forming materials are duly manipulated, plant life appropriates, elaborates and stores away, as the bee does its honey in the cell, the rich gluten, the necessary compound for bone, the carbonaceous portion to support respiration, and for all other needed purposes. These plant-chemists build up their bodies and form their seed with unerring exactitude, well calculated to teach us obedience and stimulate us to thankfulness and love, instituted, as they are, to stand between us and the inorganic world, yielding to us with a liberal hand the beautiful, refreshing, acceptable fruits and precious grains. Our bones originally came from the hard rocks, and bone materials are coming from the same quarter every day. The flesh on our bones, and our skins, which fit us so neatly, come from the nitrogen in the air and from its compounds in THE the soil. Were it not for these vegetable chemists, we might have to drink a solution of phosphoric acid, eat lime sprinkled with iron rust, and refresh ourselves with a draught of liquid ammonia! Would it not be well for us to lift our hands in admiration, and impress on our hearts to yield cheerful compliance with physiological law in all its righteous requirements ? These plants cannot but be true, they have no choice, while we have the dignifying privilege to be cooperators with infinite intelligence, wisdom and love ! When we take a contrary course, we blast our bodies and spirits, dwarf our minds and enfeeble our whole beings; we lack strength to take the kingdom of truth, needed in doing violence to the cravings of appetite, and expose ourselves to all the discomforts recorded in the twentyeighth chapter of Deuteronomy. Even as plants are chemists, so also, we are endowed with vital chemical power, to transform our food into living fiber, solid yet growing bone, sensitive nerve and thought-sustaining brain. What interesting fields of duty open here before us. To supply the proper materials and furnish the right conditions, to build up a strong and useful body, that may last a hundred years, and scatter blessings every day, instead of a weakly frame, a diseased burden to others. See the swallows as they fly ; are they not as agile on the wing today as their grandmammas of ten thousand years ago ? They have a digestion, so have we ; they breathe the blue ethereal, so do we ; they live as did their earliest progenitors. Why, then, so much languor, weakness and actual disease in our middle age ? Do we supply the proper materials and furnish the true conditions to our vital laboratory, the stomach, or have we departed from the simplicity of our far-off ancestors ? Are we content with meal ground till the grains disappear, and no more, or do we grind it to an almost impalpable powder, throw aside the bran, and declare that it (one of the blandest things in creation) is so rough as to scratch our modern throats ? Doing so, we separate ourselves from the relationships which infinite intelligence has instituted in the nature of things. If one limb is lame, the whole body is relatively so. If we throw aside the bran, all the flour is injured — weakens our brains and nerves, induces constipation, congestion of the liver, opens the door for quack pills and purges, and invites the frightful spectre, dyspepsia, to come and live, in ' the house we live in ! ' A certain student of nature remarked, ' When I look at the starry heavens, and consider the responsibility of man, I am struck with awe !' When I consider a grain of wheat, I am struck with astonishment, The inside of it is for the immediate sustenance of life, the portion next for muscular fiber, the next for nerve and brain food. Inasmuch as we throw aside the bran, we throw aside our brains ! I am prepared to presume that many cases of insanity and softening of the brain were due to a want of this brain food. Shirley&gt; Mass. It is easy to 'know thyself,' but who is to introduce you'? Most people go through life without making the acquaintance in question; and if a friend should take the liberty of introducing you to yourself you hate him forever.