NOTES BY THE WAY No. 1 H. C. BLINN It is the ' Lord's day,' and very appropriately is it designated after this manner. It is a lovely morning, and the season of worship moved in harmony with unseen influences. Active, earnest souls were with us, and through their spiritual ministrations we reached, as did Pilgrim, the Elysian fields, from whence we could see into the paradise of God. And while the worshipers sung sweetly, ' Let us grasp the hands of the angels, as they spread their shining wings,' a wave of inspiration passed gently over the assembly. It was the voice of peace, as it came from the hearts of many honest souls in thanksgiving and prayer. It was the voice of kindness and love, and it came to us in all the loveliness of a spirit baptism. It was the voice of the sharp sword, as it came to us in a swift testimony against the sins of the world. It was an hour of refreshing before the Lord, and such hours as we may well covet. But I must bid adieu to the meeting, and write you of my perusal of ' The Shaker.' The close reading of the editorial in the April number, ' Will we Sustain the Structure ? ' calls to remembrance the exhortation of the apostle, ' Cast not away, therefore, your confidence, which hath great recompense of reward.' Heb. x, 35. The advice is good. We would hold fast our confidence, inasmuch as truth is of the divine mind, and as that truth has led us from the sins of a worldly life, to turn from it — cast away our confidence — which has been the inspiration of holiness to us, would be to turn from God and from all that stimulates to goodness. We have as strong an evidence as human beings can have, that the foundation of this Gospel work is the spirit of truth, which no deluge can wash away nor even overflow. To build upon that foundation demands of us material of corresponding quality. ' Every man's work shall be made manifest.' If he build with wood or stubble, he will evidently fail in the day when his work is tried by fire. A hundred years have already passed since the advent of this Gospel testimony, which came to reap souls from the earth and engraft upon them the heavenly. Still, the foundation remains sure. Will the superstructure, with the advancement of light and understanding, still continue to develop in strength, in beauty and in glory ? No doubt needs be entertained that all who have been baptized into the elements of practical truth, can live in the sweet inspiration of faith. Already have they passed through the gates into the holy city, whose habitation is God. But the harvesting of the earth, and the building on the foundation must never cease. Holding fast that which is already gained through the prayers, life-struggles and ministry of angels, should never be lost to us. The pleasures of sin, to escape which our church left Babylon, should be banished forever from the house of God. Vacillating minds may plead inability to an eternal vigilance which is demanded, but as soon as the guard fails, willfully, carelessly or ignorantly, so soon is God's house left a prey to the lusts of the flesh and of the mind. The testimony of Ann Lee, so reverentially spoken of by the Shakers, becomes weak and insipid, and ultimately fails to inspire the soul with that resurrection power which is imperatively demanded to raise from dead works. Let us live, ' Sustain the Structure,' and exalt the Lord Our God in our homes, by the work of our hands and through the Christian ministrations of our daily lives. Canterbury, N. H.