MUSIC, NO. 6 JAS. G. RUSSELL Registers of the voice : In passing from the lowest to the highest tone the voice is capable of reaching, it assumes various shades, or qualities, musically termed registers. Their number, causes, and places of occurrence remain yet, as points somewhat debatable among musicians ; hence, the futile attempt here at a definite description of such points, farther than is needful to make clear the subject designed to be brought out. Upon the authority of Bassini, it may be asserted that the number of registers appertaining to the voice — including both sexes — is three, viz: chest, medium, and head. The tones of the chest register are produced by the vibrations of the vocal cords; bearing, therefore, a close resemblance to tones produced upon instruments of the ' reed family.' This register becomes the basis of tones in both sexes. Its compass in males (adults) is three octaves, reckoning from the note low C, though hardly, if ever, the case with one and the same voice. Those voices which base their lowest tone on low C, (see example No. 1), are seldom able to go higher than D, or E flat, though Bassini places the point as high as E. Such voices are termed Bass. Those which have their lowest tone (No. 2) on C — are capable, when fully developed, of reach1^ ing as high as C, or C sharp, and are termed Tenor. But in this lofty ascension, a change of register is effected. The vocal cords, losing in part their vibration by being thus shortened, become measurably stiff; the air, consequently, passes through a somewhat ' fixed and immovable tube,' giving to the tone a quality, characteristic of both reed and flute. Tones of this quality are said to be in the medium register, and generally begin upon B flat in second octave, where chest tones (pure) end, and extend upward to the limit above stated. Should tones be attempted higher than the prescribed limit, the vibrations of the vocal cords would cease entirely, and tones thus formed, would be purely upon the principle of the flute, and classed in the head register, which, in males, are considered falsetto tones, and, by some authorities, improper to use. Another class of male voices, termed Baritone, has its compass between Bass and Tenor. Its lowest tone is (No. 3) F, and carries the chest register to B flat, (in second octave.) Here it changes to medium register, and reaches its limit on G, or A flat. But in female voices, are recognized three registers distinct. There are also three classes of voices, viz : Contralto, Mezzo-Soprano, and Soprano. The Contralto voice has its lowest tone on (No. 4) E flat, and carries its chest register to A. Here, it changes to medium, and continues to C sharp ; again changes to head register, and reaches its limit on F (in fourth octave). The Soprano voice has its lowest tone on (No. 5) B flat, changes from chest to medium on F, again changes from medium to head, on C sharp, and reaches its limit on E. The Mezzo-Soprano voice has its lowest tone (No. 6) on G, changes from chest to medinm, on G, changes to head, on C sharp, and reaches its limit on B flat. Having given an outline of the various registers of the voice, in our next, will note the difficulties attending their execution, and the proper method for removal. Dear Editor : — After writing my sixth article, it occurred to me that an illustration by staves might be preferable, if space could be afforded; therefore, have written out the following illustrations. Figures in the article refer to corresponding ones in examples below.