TRUTH VERSUS SPECULATION TO. WM. H. BUSSELL Divine principles are impressed upon the entire universe of God. The human mind perceives no end to the facts that lie before it in the fields of investigation. These principles, however, are not self-evident, and the facts that may be gathered are to be acquired only by labor. But this labor is irksome to many even who take unwonted delight in the possession of truth. They are impatient to arrive at the end, not being aware that the discipline to be acquired all along the course is as valuable as the reward which lies at its termination. They make accurate calculations to satisfy themselves that the day of glory is very near for them, when this tedious process of things shall terminate, no matter how many other hopes may be ruined in the final winding up. It is this impatience, in great measure, at least, that originates so many speculations which are made to take the place of actual truth. This has been so in all the fields of science, not excepting the very latest. The world owes much to those who apply themselves to the discovery of truths, in whatever fields they lie ; these enlighten and edify, but theories unsustained by facts do neither. The investigator of the truths of external nature perceives various facts or phenomena; lie wishes to classify them and declare the causes of each ; hence arise theories. Other phenomena appear in the course of his investigations that will not fit into the frame already made, and lo! another theory to accommodate the newly-found facts. Hence arise parties in science attached to one or the other theory, according to the apparent strength which the facts give to each. These bear some resemblance to religious and political parties ; but, thanks to the harmonizing influences of genuine science, they display not toward each other the rancor and bitterness which the latter have for ages evinced. All truth is from a divine source, hence religious — that is, tending to develop and refine those who are devoted to it, and raise them by successive steps to the source of all truth. Among the devotees of natural science are some notably skeptical with respect to man's immortality and the idea of a Supreme Being. It may be thought that their devotion to the laboratory, to spectrum analysis, the telescope, the microscope and the various other means of ascertaining physical truths, is the cause of this skepticism. Some, doubtless, would liken them to Bunyan's man with the muck-rake. But all physicists are not such, and these are likely to be found more intent upon theorizing — finding secondary causes —than tracing truths already discovered to their author. After all, they may not be so far away from the divine courts. It is something to have found a potency in nature, the producer of all the forms of varied life. This potency, they may yet learn, is sufficient to confer immortality upon man, as well as to fashion worlds and fill them with their abundant wealth. Speculations, however, are confined to no one class. They have been far more abundant with the moralizer and the religious devotee than with the scientific class. And, what is worse, these have put their unproved theories in the place of discovered truth, and demanded, not the assent of the understanding, but the slavish obedience of the subjected will to the greatest absurdities that it was possible for human ignorance to invent. But, when reason began to assert its rights, then came the clash and the conflict, between superstition and bigotry, on the one hand, and the soul made conscious that mere chaff had been offered it instead of the essential bread, on the other. So will it always be, whenever mere speculation is allowed to usurp the place of truth. Theories may aid the investigator if kept in a subordinate place until facts prove their truth, when they become an essential part of science. It is natural for the human mind to ask what is the cause of this or that phenomenon. Ignorance jumps to a conclusion, and obstinacy insists that this and no other must be admitted. If the two are strong enough, then they occupy the throne for long and wearisome ages. Truth is eternal, and demands candor, patience and never-ceasing activity in all her votaries ; and these cannot fail to be abundantly rewarded in the end. Facts are not principles. In the physical sciences, the frequent recurrence of certain facts or phenomena has been supposed, sometimes, to prove a general principle ; but the failure of these to appear, after a while, has shown that the supposition was erroneous. Notwithstanding a certain degree of uniformity in nature, yet variety is much more noticeable. This is especially so in human experiences. We may all learn something from each other's individual experience, yet hardly any thing can be more absurd than the idea that the experience of any one person will answer, in all respects, for every other, either to imitate or avoid. As well suppose that the clothes of one man will fit every other. Where principles are involved, experiences 42 THE S HE A. K E H . 4:3 are valuable, but the facts of each individual's experience are as varied as the leaves of the forest. Physicians know that the medicine which is adapted to a specific case is not alike operative in all persons. Our daily food acts differently upon different constitutions. Yet, there are those who have their pet theories with respect to diet, which they suppose to be applicable to all persons ; or, if not adapted to all, it is because of a violation of nature's laws on the part of some. Such need to learn that nature vindicates herself by all needful uniformity amid variety. Years ago, the eloquence and zeal of Dr. Graham made a powerful impression upon the public mind in favor of an exclusively vegetable diet. Many accepted his views and put his theory into practice, until experience taught them its futility in their own case. Yet, it is not denied that some have been and still are benefited by his teachings. The lesson to be learned from this is, that theories and principles do not always coincide ; that particular experiences are not adapted to all cases, and the more acquainted we become with God's plans and purposes, the less positive we shall be in maintaining our darling theories, and the more ready to concede that others may be on the road to Heaven, though they do not follow exactly in our footsteps. ' Truth is truth wherever found ;' that alone will set us all free, and finally produce a harmony that mere speculation, with its attendant dogmatism and enforced conformity to mere creeds, has never yet effected and never will effect. Sonyea, N. Y.