THE COMMUNITY PRINCIPLE Oee of the most remarkable peculiarities noticeable in that pattern of all Christian churches — the Pentecostal Community, original, crude, but beautiful in its principles— is the clause in its constitution requiring the renunciation of all selfish, individual property, for the purposes of faring and sharing alike in all temporal and spiritual economy. No exemption was made to age, sex, nor otherwise. The whilom millionaire, and the previous mendicant, met on a superior level; the captain and the corporal and less, called each other brothers. From that time to the present day, whenever any extraordinary pouring out of God's spirit occurs, in times of refreshing revivals of true religion, this peculiarity is ever prominent. And its absence has ever been as truly significant of a falling away from God's protection. When individuals unbridle their selfishness, and give free rein to an assumed superiority which circumstances have permitted, then appears an indifference to the purest philanthropy, the wringing of sweat from others' brows, and a general race by such to the very devil! The revivals which have recently moved the masses, in our own and other countries, have beautifully evidenced the congregation, and assimilation of the aristocracy of the rich and the mendicancy of the poor; and when we think how very extreme these castes have been, we cheerfully note it as remarkable, as any similar feature at any previous era. Regardless of the wisdom or unwisdom, that may characterize the uses of the millions of money which have been so freely given for the needy, we must express pleasure at the activity of the good spirit, that reduces the mountains of human selfishness, only to elevate the valleys of human poverty ; and impartation has been very active wherever Moody, Sankey and others have been successful. We can easily and correctly predict, that by the cessation of this revival spirit, there will be as forcible return of the same aristocratic desire for superior distinction, unfeeling for the poor, and a grasping after, and defrauding the rights of others. A continual growth of the good spirit, manifested in genuine revivals, would eventually cause the rich to throw their entire wealth into a treasury; and to invite the poor to throw their entire poverty into the same trusted inclosure! Would not this peculiarly resemble apostolic times? Would not this be, simply the practical religion of Jesus Christ? What became of the spirit of caste, the rich and poor in his church? How can any church, or members thereof, claim relation to Christ's church, while making and living these class distinctions? Christianity is as earnestly opposed to poverty as to exceeding wealth; but her condemnation must visit the accumulation of riches, in excess. And still there are found many cases, where the rich are fully as willing to lay down their wealth for Christianity, as are the poor to relinquish their poverty for the same cause ! Christianity is a very losing business; for by it, entire self is lost sight of, and the prosecution of the right and true of humanity practically engaged in. There are many thousands who are wonder-struck at the protestations we make of our celibate practice with all which the word celibate can imply; and who almost, or quite doubt the possibility of our asserted rectitude in it, thinking the denial positively unendurable. Yet these scarcely give a thought to the embarrassing denials to selfishness, occasioned by our vows to commune life. Ambitions, talents, business capacities, with anxieties for selfish wealth and superiority to our surroundings, are not quietly put to sleep, nor immediately forgotten by the entrance of individuals into communal life. Many find the 'great possessions ' their greatest barrier in being Shakers. Nor are they capable of the necessary self denials, excepting by the providence of God, aided by the most resolute wills of their own. Without quite deep religious devotions to this principle of communal life, any thing but community of interests is the consequence. Nor are we exceptions to this general rule of non-security, when our religious fervor wanes to indifferent consciences. The cooling, cold, or dying of the pentecostal spirit among us, proves our neglect, indifference and death to the common welfare, to which we have given the most solemn vows of consecration. A continual effort at the maintenance of the communal clause is demanded, by those who have their all intrusted to one of their number; well knowing that we as easily drift from our gospel intent, into the formation of upper and lower classes, —rings—with all their appurtenances, unless the religious sentiment is kept wide awake. We have never claimed, nor do so now, that our communal, business interests are perfectly established nor positively safe. Without an extensive tenderness of conscience on the part of Trustees, we could never feel the safety we have felt, desire to feel now, and hope to feel with increasing security time evermore. Apparently, the worldly mind sees in our trusteeships, a scarcely equaled opportunity for selfish considerations; but truly considered, they are, in duty, the servants of the people who trust them, and not a penny richer, nor more able selfishly to please themselves than the least of their brethren, .excepting by the violation of sacred promises and principles seldom avowed by one individual to others. Upon the maintenance of trusts so sacredly imparted and accepted, rests the permanence of communistic institutions, as really as upon purity of intention, and extreme honesty of life in any other phase of our communal career.