NOTES BY THE WAY-NO. 2 H. C. BLINN As I write the above title, my first thought is to pencil a few religious notes adapted to the necessities of those who are stepping upon the stage of active life. There can be no doubt, that line upon line and precept upon precept will be as much needed for a few years to come, as they were supposed to be in the past, I had no sooner written my first word, when an illustration of real life that some kind friend had sent to me, attracted my attention, and this was no less than a chicken, just emerging from its shell! Already it had assumed an attitude of defiance, and was ready to contend for its privileges, with a character of a full grown of its species. Well, I remarked, here is a lesson for the present generation — a picture for precocious children. Indeed, it might be studied with profit by fond but foolish parents, and with no less care by the would-be-wise. And then herein is a lesson for our own religious order: Dependent as we are upon the world for all accessions, we should not let the subject of children pass carelessly by. Solomon's wisdom has lost its charm over the child, if it ever had any. ' Train him up in the way he should go,' sounds well, but the attempt to reduce it to practice is something more than sounds. Born into this world, filled to overflowing with an inherited tendency to all the ills of the flesh, it would need an angel on the right and left side to keep him from willingly falling into sin. However, I shall leave the chicken with its fighting proclivities developing so soon after its transition state, and perhaps by-and-by I may learn the great difference, should there be any, between the development 0$ life in this order and that of a class which assumes to be more exalted in the grand scheme of creation. ' First that which is natural and afterward that which is spiritual,' seems at this time for the writer, as it no doubt often does to others, as an anodyne to the mind. It is, indeed, the legitimate order of our lives in this world and may be all for the best. I must now make reference to the Apostle Peter who took such an active interest in the happiness of those around him, for he speaks thus pleasantly to us: 'He that would lots life and see good days, let him refrain his tongue from evil, and his lips that they speak no guile.' To those who are young, in an especfal manner, I would commend this exhortation, and urge upon them the necessity of allowing it to shape their lives. ' Good days ' are an inheritance far preferable to great riches. It is a legacy which the wealthy of this world can never confer upon their heirs at law. Those who are so fortunate as to obtain the treasure, must obtain it through their own labors of gielf-denial — by the cross of Christ., The professor will ' love life ' because of the good he may do. It is not to those only who are addicted to the use of vulgar and profane language that this has a direct application, but it is equally potent to that class, who profess to be cultivated for the society of the virtuous and refined. Indeed, it is to be more dreaded, in its advances, as it comes from what is assumed to be the higher ranks of society. It is the ferocious beast, lurking under the false garb of cultivation. The viper charming his unsuspecting prey, while the innocent mind thinks only of the external beauty. Let every young person refrain his tongue from evil, or he may have occasion to mourn when it is too late,— when ' those days shall come in which he will say I have no pleasure in thee.' Canterbury, N. H.