VINDICATION OF SHAKER SOCIAL BEAUTIES [The following extracts are taken from a private letter, written by Eunice Bathrick, of Harvard, Mass., to the writer of the article entitled: ' Social Beauties of Christian Communism ' in May No. of The Shaker. Coming from one advanced in years, and a thorough Shaker, the remarks have especial value. Ed.] ' I often feel while reading The Shaker (which I do with much pleasure), that there is something needed to give more sunshine to Shaker life— to portray in brighter and more glowing colors the beauty of the gains of full consecration. You say : ' Living in the spirit of our gospel testimony, we necessarily renounce many practices which bring pleasure to the worldly mind, and embrace those elements which produce the joys of heaven in our present, social lives, etc' ' Now, do not all, who make a. full consecration of ' soul, body and spirit,'— who have, or are daily divesting themselves of every discordant element, enjoy heaven here ? Have not such, a living spring within — a fountain constantly gushing forth sweet waters to supply thirsty and famishing souls ? '•'If so, let us publish it to the world —let them know that we are ' happy and free ' — that we have not to wait till we cross the dividing line to taste the joys of a heavenly existence. Let them know that we have formed, or are forming, a heaven within. ' To present the idea to those not of our body,that'all present comforts and enjoyments are to be sacrificed, in pursuit of future happiness, must look gloomy and uninviting to them. But once picture to their imaginations the real joy that is to be derived from a life of full consecration to God in this state of existence, with the assurance of never-ending felicity in the future, and they will not be so reluctant to make the required sacrifice ; they will see they have only to make an exchange of perishable pleasures for the more exalted and durable. ' While sowing the good seed, let the soil be warmed by love from consecrated hearts — from resurrected souls, illumined by the millennial sun, whose rays will cause the seed to germinate, spring up, bud, blossom, and bear fruits acceptable to God. Lov« is all conquering ; it gives light and life to benighted pilgrims, and by its magnetic power, attracts them to a more elevated state of existence, where they can daily be rising into a pure, ethereal atmosphere. This is what is needed to-day— a greater degree of the Christ-love, to warm into action souls now sleeping in sin, who heed not their condition. Without this divine element all else will fail to draw, and hold individuals in the courts of Zion. It has been my aim from early life, to make the way pleasant, not only to my young companions, but to all with whom I converse ; for, having tasted the sweets of a virgin life, I am anxious to have others enjoy the same ; atid as I advance in this soul-refining work this desire increases. I have no doubts of the success of our Cause in the end ; for I see God working through His agents, preparing souls for the millennial harvest. May we all stand ready for whatever work the Father has for us, when his time arrives. I think, as you have ob served, that any useful knowledge which Believers have attained, either in the domestic concerns of life, or otherwise, should be noticed in our paper, as many may be benefited thereby. Any improvement is worthy of circulation. ' Your sister in true progression, Eunice Bathrick