SHAKER INSTITUTIONS '[From Albany Express.] Letter from Editor G. A. Lomas, on 'The Shaker,' Replying to W. D. Howells' Article in the June Atlantic. To the Editors of the Albany Morning Express: Your kindly hint, that Elder Evans or myself should reply to the excerpt made by the Express from W. D. Howells' Article in the Atlantic for June, is responsible for this response. The point, which you well knew would grate most keenly on our feelings —'the unkindest cut of all' — was the one making allusion to 'the decay of numbers, which the Shakers confess with so great regret, etc.' Instead of having any denial to make of this assertion, we acknowledge the point well taken. It is a truth, that can do us no possible good to deny, that we are not more than half as numerous as we have been in some times past. Nor will we dispute with any that we deeply regret the fact; nor that the decidence which has obtained has been the cause of much discomfiture to the faithful, and of deep discouragement, to which very many weak and faithless minds have succumbed. If Shakerism is dependent upon a steady increase of numbers, it was a decided failure many years ago. But its principles are just as correct to-day, with its 2,500 adherents, as when 4,000 believed, or as when more or less shall embrace their practice. Being dependent upon those outside our institutions for our increase — upon those who have consciences in their souls, and sufficient stamina of both soul and body, to obey their consciences — we are numerically small, and who is to blame? As Howells says: 'I cannot think of one's being a Shaker on any other terms except, of course, a sincere conviction.' And he is correct. But the vast majority who have applied for admission and trial, have been those whose conviction is summed up in those seven noted principles, 'live loaves, and two fishes!' The regeneration or new creation which we teach of, decidedly requires that men and women should be made right the first time — before they come to our practice. While even the most successful and best of us find that we were made none too well to adopt Shaker principles easily, more than ninety-nine in every hundred that we have labored and sweat over, were those whom we have almost thought even the Almighty would have given up in despair! Like unto a great draught of fishes, a hundred to one have been lampreys; that, unfit for use in our temple, were thrown back into the sea, ' whose waters cast up mire and dirt.' And we admit the outlook still dubious; for only as fast as you worldly-minded people come to be sufficiently self-denying and spiritual, will Shakerism enjoy flourishing members. And if we, as Shakers, become extinct, the barometrical hight of spirituality in the outre terre will know no significance whatever, as 'the salt' will all be gone! Now, gentlemen, let it be understood that our institutions are made for our better convenience in being Christians; while we are not made for our institutions. When God questions us and others, He will not ask whether we came from this or that institution ; whether we were Shakers, Quakers, Methodists, Catholics, Mohammedans, etc, etc., but He will ask us, ' What kind of lives have you lived? ' and ' How nearly do they accord with the best known principles of active, practical Christianity?' Our names and institutions are man-made; and if these or other appendages assist us in being better men or women, God be praised; but in religion, nothing is worthy of our special attention but the practical in Christ, regardless of sectarian terms. We close by saying that Howells' article is good, perhaps too good, as it gives a lustre that we, as a people, are not worthy of, and some of which might be dispelled by active associations; but he appears honest, ' almost persuaded,' and worthy of thanks from us and all interested. I am, etc., G. A. Lomas Shakers, May 20.