MUSIC, NO. 7 JAMES G. RUSSELL Although there are specified points in the musical gamut for change in the registers of the voice, such assertion is not without its modification, that singers meet with difficulties seemingly insurmountable. As ' command of hand is the soul of penmanship,' so likewise, command of tone is the soul of music. Having a theoretical knowledge of the points where the registers change, the inefficient singer will experience a weakness in power of tone at those points where the changes occur, which can be remedied only by a practical acquisition of tone command. A better explanation is unsought for than that given by Bassini, concerning the junction of the chest and medium registers. He says: ' In training the voice, the teacher should commence with the chest register; and this from the fact that where the chest and medium registers play into each other, the voice is weak and uncertain, and it is an extremely difficult matter to equalize it. But this equalization is just the important task to be accomplished. The method to be pursued is this : the tones which are common to both the chest and medium registers, must be practiced alternately with each. For just as the skillful workman, who would join two pieces of wood and make the strength at the points of adjustment equal to the rest, will dove-tail the two, by extending the end of one sufficiently far in upon the end of the other to prevent any weakness at the extremities; so the skillful teacher will extend the limit of one register into the middle of the next, until the weak tones of both are blended, and become equally sound and strong — the point of contact being smoothed and obliterated altogether.' The quoted remarks apply particularly to the chest and medium registers, as the same author remarks also, that ' the medium and head registers do not at all coincide, and have no tones in common — a fact explained by the identity of tube.' Prominent, then, in the great field of music culture, is the arduous task of combining the chest and medium registers in a manner, not only to make the tones equally strong where the two registers meet, but also to acquire that command of tone, that the voice never may be injured by an unconscious forcing of the registers beyond their natural position — a fault alarmingly conspicuous, and often attended with most serious consequences on the part of the singer, especially at that critical period of life termed the ' age of puberty.' At that season the voice is undergoing a decided change in both quality and pitch of tone. With males, the change is peculiarly marked by an anatomical alteration of the larynx, whose enlargement assumes a conspicuous prominence in the throat, the voice descending a whole octave in pitch from the position it occupied in childhood, becomes extremely masculine, and, for a season, frequently beyond power of control. With females, the change is less marked, as the voice retains its pitch, yet changes essentially in quality and volume of tone. But no less injuries are likely to accrue, if due cognizance be not taken of the circumstances attending this peculiar season of voice-changing. The warning words of the eminent Bassini are these: 'Many voices are irretrievably lost during this time through carelessness of their possessors, or the ignorance of singing masters.' It should become, therefore, the irresistible conviction of every singer, that the laws which govern the musical universe are as fixed and unchangeable as those pertaining to the organism of our physical being; and just as assuredly we must reap the fatal consequences of violated law in the former case, as we would expect to reap them in the latter.