REGRETS How often for treasures ami pleasures ive sigh, Which, when ours, unnoticed, we permit to pass by! A. Calver. On time's hastening current we are carried along, Each day to our goal drawing near; But how oft we're impressed by an influence strong To pause in our vapid career— To pause for reflection — the past to review, Its good or its evil recount; And thus we can test, if our hearts are but true, The clearness of life's flowing fount. We sigh for the hours that have passed unimproved; They are fled, and we sigh but in vain ; Thus moments misspent are as blanks in our lives, Or as blots we're compelled to retain. We cannot efface from our memory's chart The time we have wasted each day ; Thus treasures escape and we value them not, But sigh when they're far, far away. How many the times, when good might be done, Have slipped unimproved from our grasp,— Where help to a friend or brother in need, Our hearts in true friendship would clasp. For our light and enjoyment increase every time That we shed on our neighbor a ray ; Thus pleasures escape, and we let them pass by, To sigh when they're far, far away. We have health—'tis a treasure that God has bestowed. And each has been blessed with a share ; But if ^Ye neglect His immutable laws, 'Twill be lost — still we seem not to care. At last to our sorrow we find it is gone, We are paralyzed then with dismay ; Thus treasures escape, we have let them pass on, To sigh when they're far, far away. THE 53 But there is a tie which binds us to earth. 'Tis an anchor which heaven has given ; Were it not for this bond our frail bark, many times, On the rocks of despair might be driven. It lightens our sorrows, and brightens our joys, Dispelling the clouds from our way ; While thro1 storms and temptations it bears us along, Dispensing a life-cheering ray. This treasure is friendship — the friendship of those Who are toiling along by our side, Who have with us rejoiced, and in sorrow have mourned, By temptations alike have been tried ; But how bitter the thought, when, by passion or pride, Or envy, we've severed the tie ! Thus treasures escape, and we value them not, But lament when we find them passed by. Then let us take heed of the warning in time, While these pleasure* and treasures are ours, Nor e'er be decoyed from the pathway of right, By the sheen of a few fading flowers. Our time, health and friendship in season well prize, Improving these treasures each day ; Nor let them escape till they have passed by, To sigh when they're far, far away ! Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.