LOVE vs. FEAR JOSEPH 'WOODS The Apostle John says: God is love ; He that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God and God in him. In love there is no fear. He that feareth is not made perfect in the love of God, for he is still in danger of being overcome by the powers of evil, and by the god of this world. The evidence of our love to God will be the manifestation of our love to our brethren and sisters. If a man love not his brother whom he has seen, how can he love God whom he hath not seen! St. Paul feared, after having preached to others, lest he should become blinded by the spirit of this world and turn from God. Have we any less need of watchfulness, until we have overcome the world'{ We have the example of Jesus and many others of being filled with the spirit of God. Ecclesiastes sums up the whole matter in a few words — Fear God and keep his commandments, for this is the whole duty of man. Fear may be well for those who, like Moses, Nehemiah, and King David, regarded God as absolute Judge, taking vengeance on those who knew Him. not. Those who conceive God to be such a being, and the devil corresponding in some respects, full of wrath — going about as the roaring lion seeking whom he may devour — truly with such a frame of belief well might fear lest they be destroyed in whatever course they might pursue. Fear induces a slavish obedience, and in persons of this class, it may, perhaps, out of servile fear, place some restraint upon their passions, lest wrath overtake them. Not that they see any thing lovely in God or goodness or have any the less inclination toward that which is corrupt. But close upon this followrs the law — ' What a man soweth that shall he also reap.' Laws appertaining to the natural and spiritual world are as essentially God's laws, and a violation of either brings a corresponding penalty — we reap what we sow. This can be no special judgment from God, but rather the condemnation of our own lives. St. Paul says: ' He that soweth to the flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption,' and this he describes as adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, idolatry, witchcraft, strife, seditions, heresy, envyings, murderers,drunkenness, etc., and that they who commit these things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. Will those who live after the course of the world and harvest to themselves a part or all of the forementioned evils, charge God as the author of the same ? The rational and enlightened mind will no doubt admit that it is the harvest of his own sowing — the fruit of his own labor. It is well for the transgressor to fear God, for falling into his hands is a fearful thing. Some have thought that Jesus taught his disciples to fear God rather than to love him, when he said: 'Fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul ; but fear Him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell.' Love caateth out fear, and certainly love is preferable, for they that dwell in love dwell in God. Why should we make ourselves miserable, when we might, by obedience to the law of Christ, be happy ? Canterbury, N. H.