ANIMADVERSION ON PARTON Editor Shaker: In the May number of The Shaker I noticed an article entitled ' Parton's Apology,' and I would beg leave to take exceptions to some of the sentiments expressed therein. The historian says : ' But it was not Calvin who burned him (Servetus). It was the century. It was imperfectly developed human nature, etc., etc.' I would ask, what makes a century or an age characteristic if not the men who are the chief actors in the affairs of their time ? When Napoleon I. caused the murder of the Duke d' Enghien, surely no one will ascribe that horrible outrage to the age, and relieve the imperial criminal from the odium attached to that deed. And when a Belknap shamelessly betrays a high trust and brings dishonor upon his country, who will have the temerity to screen him by pleading in extenuation the nineteenth century? The writer furthermore apologetically suggests, u imperfectly developed human nature.' Is a person who can so far forget himself as to cause the excruciating death of his opponent, where the points of difference were at best but trivial, and the unfortunate victim of his hatred, his peer, if not his superior in morality, virtue and learning; a person who at the same time assumes to interpret scripture and to establish a system of religion for mankind, is such a person to be excused by 'imperfectly developed human nature?' However charitably we may be disposed toward the tyrant who could so abuse his power, it would be wrong to hide the fact from the world that he never felt remorse or repentance, but in after years ferociously asserted that under like circumstances he would do so again. A deed which would have stained the character of a Nero, becomes a crime of lasting infamy in a Calvin. But the doctrine is false and pernicious. Men are individually responsible for their acts, and no power in heaven nor earth can change the fact. True, there may be extenuating circumstances in every case, yet the deed remains the same after all, and how will you secure justice to the wronged victim ? Whatever James Parton's opinion may be concerning those dark transactions with which the name of the Geneva divine is connected, he is doing a good work in thus bringing them before the public; for there are millions of the followers of Calvin who have never heard the sad story of the unfortunate Michael Servetus. Yours, Louis Basting. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.