BEAUTIFUL RIVERS MARTHA J. ANDEBSON Beautiful rivers, like silvery threads — Coursing their way over dark sandy beds, Sweeping through valleys and circling the hills, Gathering the ripples from thousands of rills,— Flowing from mountain, from rock, and from dell, Ocean-bound waters with music to swell, Brooklet and fountain, and deep placid lake, Greet the bright waves on your surface to break. Beautiful rivers that gladden the earth, Spirit of waters with joy gave you birth ! The smile of her face was impressed on your tide, Beaming forever as onward you glide; Joyously singing the song of the free — Giving with pleasure your wealth to the sea ; Dancing, and glancing, with sunbeams at play, Never shall cloud on your sunny face stay. Beautiful rivers, majestic and grand, Blessing the desert of Egypt's fair land! Waking the verdure 'neath tropical sun, Flowering the sands where your golden streams run; Filling the air with the moisture it needs,— Rising like incense of kind, loving deeds — Forming the clouds over mountain and plain, Falling in copious showers of rain. Beautiful rivers that rolled on your way, Long before man saw the light of the day — Long e'er the light gazelle sought you to drink — Long e'er the wild races dwelt on your brink. They who made hunting and fishing their aim Came and passed on, yet you flowed on the same! Now, all along by your rocky bound course, Shrieks the shrill voice of the fleet iron horse : Civilization, with quick pulse and heart — Bears its bold front and its busiest mart. Beautiful rivers! so calm in your flow, Vessels of freight, safely sail to and fro — Gliding like nymphs o'er your broad open breast, Ploughing the waves to a foam-beaten crest. Thus through the means art and science can wield, Men interchange the rich fruits of the field ; Commerce and trade, with their works of renown Spread their white sails by the city and town. Beautiful rivers! your murmurings sweet Sing to my spirit of ooncord complete; Ev'ry clear drop that may enter your tide, Knows not the spirit that seeks to divide ; 0 ! that life's current thus smoothly might roll, Free from the care that perplexes the soul, Stirring its depths, till the whirlpool of strife Sinks all the good that would gladden our life. 'Tis by the side of some beautiful stream, 1 would sleep my last sleep, and dream my last dream! Waking to joy on the bright sunny shore, To walk by the river of life evermore ! Leaving no trace of my pilgrimage here — Save in the hearts of the loving ones dear — Ripples shall murmur a song soft and low, As the tide of my life on forever shall flow! Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.