STEADFASTNESS BY G. B. AVERY The overruling fault of the great throng of Pilgrim Progressionists — that which blights the visionary harvest of rewards of millions who make a bold start in the pathway of progression, is vacillation. The trials incident to an earnest endeavor to rise out of the vast slough of degradation, ignorance, supine indifference to improvement, and shameless folly and sin which is the characteristic element of the massive millions of earth's inhabitants, which goad the feelings of the pilgrim and prompt a return to former conditions, to plod along with the masses in slothful ease, error and dishonor, the jibes, sneers and rebuffs which a pilgrim progressionist has to meet from the idle, careless throng he is leaving behind, are things hard to bear ; and a soul needs the shield and fortification of a firm conviction of the truth and righteousness of the work of progress undertaken, with a godly and heroic philanthropy that points upward the sight, to view a worthier purpose for which to toil through life, and unfalteringly holds up the resolution to live and strive for this purpose, and to accomplish it though companions should flinch and fall on every side. Every Christian Pilgrim Progressionist should remember that never yet did even one soul perseveringly and consecratedly pursue the Christian's pathway but was scoffed at by the world, and deemed an enthusiast, a lunatic, or a fool! Even so in the arena of progress in science, art, or literature. The inventive progressionists — the world's greatest benefactors — those who have awakened the world from torpitude, advanced the development of improvement in human conditions, have generally led lives fifty, one hundred, five hundred, or a thousand years in advance of the masses, and, by them, either looked upon as Utopian dreamers, insane enthusiasts, or fools. But those of this class who have had the dignity and philanthropy to persevere and go ahead, despite all opposition, thus showing themselves true men and women, instead of mere human tools, to be handled by the masses at the nod and beck of fashion, public opinion or prejudice, as the wake and wave of public sentiment might flow for the moment, have been the Benefactors, the Saviours, and Redeemers of the race. These are the only human beings worthy of the title of men and women. And surely none others justly merit the name of Brothers and Sisters in Christ's Kingdom. It is related by the biographer of Demosthenes, that he went into the public halls and called out, ' Come unto me all men.' The populace began to gather around him, and he commenced to cane them, crying out, ' I called for men, these are nothing but excrescences.' They were the masses of unstable, weak, foolish, fashionable, giddy and purposeless throng, who were drifting on the ocean of circumstances without a ruddor of fixed purpose to guide their barques to a harbor of progressed improvement and excellence. There has of late been a very great anxiety among Believers in the Kingdom of Christ, to have some council of the wisest and most progressed souls held at some location where such council might discuss the important subject of the most efficient means of awakening a renewed vigor of progress in Gospel Travel, and a manifesto and disbursement of power that should call into Zipn's ranks an abundant harvest of souls, to heighten, enliven and quicken the spiritual and social status of Zion, and make her what she is called to be, ' the light of the world,' ' the salt of the earth.' . The city of glory set on a hill as example to the nations of God's righteousness and goodness manifest among men — the true epistle of Christianity to the unbelievers. Ah, we might multiply councils infinitely, and discuss ways and means with the wisdom of the sages of Solomon, suggest stimulants to fire the resolution, and excitements to progress, as numerous as the pearly dew-drops of the morning, but, like them, when the sun of righteousness should shine upon them, all THE 5O THE would pass off in vapor, without a soul work of conviction of the siafulness of sin, and the folly and misery of a worldly life, of such force, depth and intensity as to turn souls short about from their worldly career of life, and cause them to be willing, and not only willing but unflinchingly determined to die to its life! to confess sin, repent and turn to God. At present the prevailing wave of public feeling is as fickle as the colors of the rainbow. And the popular religion of the day is largely verbose and so smally actual that its power is mostly swallowed up in a sea of elocution. Its ' salt is largely without a savor.' But words are like carriages, they may run empty or full of meaning and power, but their fullness is largely due to the embodiment of their sentiment in the life pulsations of the speaker. What is needed, without the aid of a council to dictate it, is an earnest, zealous, persevering stability in living the Christ life, so that a power may flow forth to humanity that is like an ocean's wave — mighty in baptism, with salt enough to save ! Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.