THE RELIGIOUS TEST While many thousands beneath the influences of revival manipulators are ' experiencing religion,' it appears proper that we, as religious commentators, should consider in what true religion consists. Ere this we have expressed our joy that any and many should perceive and embrace the opportunity to lead a letter life. 'We need not ask what the motives were that induced this determination, nor to what particular ism individuals may have given their adhesion; being satisfied that any motives which have prompted men and women to forsake the bad and accept the better, are constituents of true religion. Such ' change of heart ' evidences a new departure in life practice, and is of incomparable value, while mere theology remains a dead letter. We are confident that our world is in a measure magnetically influenced and attracted by the Christ Spirit. That there are seasons in human life when the polarity of individuals stands corrected by this magnetic influence. With this polarity of spirituality established, the whole life comes en rapport witli angelic goodness, and the fruits of true religion are apparent in their changed life. Corrected thus, the libertine, magdalen and generally immoral sensualist arc confronted by their highest consciousness of right and reform. Thus the drunkard leaves his cups and becomes a saviour to those in his whilom degradation ; and the devotees of all crime are, by this same Christ inspiration, helped to experience that true religion which establishes a polarity in all moral rectitude. We have enumerated some of the worst of classes. But the grand majority which as really needs to 'experience religion,' and move to superior life is composed of those who congratulate themselves that they are pretty good,' and 'not so bad as very many who are worse! ' who think their present rectitude an all-sufficient apology for not exerting a more discreet polarity with the heavens. No sooner do individuals arrive at a station they once thought good, than true religion presents the better to their view, and they travail toward another satisfactory conclusion, only to be still directed onward. The test of all true religion is nowhere written in theology, but is only expressed by more active, more pure life. Too frequently all the religion people have is in ' joining the church.' and assenting to certain formulas of theology. Doctrine is fruitless, and mere persuasion that this or that theology is correct is worse than useless, unless the life test is made. The test of the Christian religion is manifest in the fact that its adherents come into complete conformity or polarity with the Christ life, manifested by Jesus' example — whose feminine counterpart in identical life we consider was Ann Lee. Would we make the test of how religious we are, let us compare our daily lives with the same of him who invited 'Follow me!' This is the test Shakerism teaches its subjects to make. Unless Shakerism helps the impure to become pure, and these to become exceedingly pure, it is not what is wanted by humanity. Unless it urges laws that change the selfishness of human hearts into active philanthropy for 'the household of faith' at least, it will not stand the test. Unless it presents a superior realm of pure and peaceful life than is found on the plane of the best of earthly life, it does not bear the test of true religion. While we urge our brotherhood to an exceeding watchfulness to prevent self and selfishness, like unto an ancient golden calf, from becoming objects of worship, and to be jealous of those heaven-born principles that inculcate, and enforce self-denial to every thing that opposes Purity, Peace, Equality and Unworldly Love and Practice, we invite the investigation by all, of the 'principles of Shakerism as a true religious test, and as the guide of those who would live, like him whose kingdom was not of this world.