THAT DREAM Beloved Editor : Your letter, requesting particulars of dream mentioned in Atlantic Monthly for June, is at hand. Uncertain that others will be benefited by my compliance, though to me the dream is a remarkable fact. I wish I could give the inspirational force, which accompanies every remembrance of it, even at the present time. We, my whole family, left Liverpool, March 15, 1842, in the then new Packet, Shekidan. We were four days and five nights clearing St. George's Channel and Irish Sea, experiencing the equinoctial storm, which waa very severe indeed. I kept a daily 'journal; and among many interesting incidents that may to-day be read therein, I find entered : ' Mar. 22 : Had a most remarkable dream, during the little broken sleep of last night. I was proprietor of large pleasure grounds and gardens in America. Had Father, mother, Mary Ann {then my wife, now my gospel sister, children, with Grand Fathers, Mothers, Uncles, Aunts, and a great many respectable people, all enjoying these beautiful grounds and gardens ! A strange mingling of feelings are mine — bitter and sweet — kind and unkind!' Such is the memorandum. As before intimated, it is quite impossible to communicate the impression made on my mind. And when I came to Shirley, in March, 1849, and recognized that very spot of beauty, what could express my wondering surprise ? I have not seen here, all the parties named in my dream, some, even then, being dead; but 1 Itave met here, some whom I then did see, and whom 1 never met before ! The spot is not in as high 52 THE 8HAKEE. a state of cultivation as I then saw it; but what I may realize when my mortal is ' put off,' or when, like Elisha's servant, my spiritual eyes are opened, I know not. Neither have I, in a worldly view, realized the proprietorship— excepting in the nobler intent of ' they that buy, as though they possessed not' — and thus, my dream has been fully experienced. To this day, I cannot approach that particular spot, without a new feeling of gratitude, that my feet were led to Shirley, where I have found so much of good — so much of God manifested. I have ever esteemed the dream as a ' special ' providence (if you please), to strengthen and confirm my spirit; though what angel ministered it, must be determined in the future. If any others can thereby be comforted, I am glad, and shall feel amply paid for intruding so much of my personal history upon them, in yielding to your request. With never-foiling love, I am, yours, P. S.— I was very much pleased with your communication to the Albany 'Express, and think you will be equally pleased with Elder Daniel Fraser's criticism upon it. We had 275 copies of Howell's article struck off, and have had copies of your Express letter printed to accompany them wherever sent. The world moves! and the call for light and truth is steadily increasing. Let us keep good courage — let it not fail — and if we keep good, we will never be forsaken of God, the great fountain of all good. Farewell. J. W. John Whiteley Shirley Villaae, Mass., May 30,1876.