THE WORLD'S EXPOSITION F. W. EVANS •'Let Church and State be forever separate.' —Grant. The Centennial Exhibition is closed oneseventh of the time. Thus American citizens, and citizens of every nation, are, by priestly diction, called Christian, precluded the improvement of this great educational opportunity. A minority compactly organized are lording it over the rights and consciences of their peers — true Americans — the legitimate successors of the so-called Infidel founders of our Government — the only Government on earth not sectarian — Church and State combined ; a Government with a constitution that secures the inherent right of all human beings — a right to life, liberty of person, liberty of speech and of religious thought, with its outward expression, such expression not interfering with an equally free expression of citizens of this or any other nationality. A World's Exposition, indeed, under the management of a committee of bigoted, persecuting theological tyrants, inseparable from Church and State rule! If closed on the Christian Sabbath, it were a thousand times better never to have held this gathering in the City of Brotherly Love, among Quakers, who, as Christians, esteem all days alike good, to those who are good. Nor yet in Pennsylvania, founded by William Penn, who proclaimed liberty of conscience to all Men and Women therein. Neither should the Exposition for All the World have assembled in the United States, under a Government founded by such men as Jefferson, Paine and Franklin, and sealed with the martyr blood of a Lincoln — Infidel to a spurious Christianity, scripturally called the ' Great Whore,' because she perpetually lusts after an adulterous association with the Civil Governments of earth, Governments resting upon the sword, and used for the oppression of the people. The whole American People — Jews, Quakers, Infidels, Freethinkers, Pagan, Chinese, and representatives of all Religions, not AntiChristian, should rise up in mass and open the Exposition on all days of the week, beginning with the Sabbath, or remove the whole mis-representation of a World's Exposition into Spain or Mexico — some legitimate Constitutional Church and State Government. In America it is a gross libel upon our Constitution. The same insidious clerical power that has closed the Exposition upon their typical, ceremonial Sabbath, has, thereby, taken one step toward subverting the Constitution itself. Let free America rebuke that power, and, with Grant, proclaim that, in one nation, Church and State shall forever be separate. In the first Constitutional Convention we were trapped — caught napping. A seed of Slavery was left in the Constitution. We are paying the cost of that error. Shall we commit a second error, and permit subtle priestcraft to sow the seeds of a religious, civil war in our Centennial Constitution? Then shall we have been recreant to our duty as American citizens, false to our profession of liberty of conscience, and faithless to the sacred trust of guardians of the rights and liberties of humanity the world over. Let there be on earth one free government, where the whole world can meet at their own discretion, on everybody's Sabbath day. That will be the great Sabbath of rest from religious persecution — a Sabbath that will forever remain for the People of God. As a Shaker, I believe the Civil Government should be a Pkepublic of citizens — Men and Women of all races and nations, possessed of equal rights to life and land — to liberty, unadulterated by sectarian theology — to freedom from debt, war, poverty or riches. Then we can also have a spiritual church, in God, possessing no earthly power other than the power of truth, as exhibited in holy lives by its communicants. Mt. Lebanon, Columbia County, N. Y.