PRAYER O. C. HAMPTON Prayer is an earnest petition to God or other intelligences higher than ourselves, for certain blessings and comforts positively ; or, negatively, for assistance and deliverance from sorrows and dangers besetting us, which those higher powers are supposed by the petitioner to be able to bestow. Sometimes these prayers are addressed to kings, presidents, legislative bodies, right here in our own world ; sometimes to angels — Jesus Christ — God. Prayer will continue as long as intercession continues to be a necessity of humanity, and an atonement with better beings and conditions is an active element of man's nature. No matter how much infidelity, nor how many scoffers at prayer there may be in the world — in times of peril, sorrows, sickness (of soul or body) men will continue to pray, infidels and all; and so long as we have sweet and holy aspirations for better things, we shall give expression thereto in. Prayer. If I had been one of the ministers to whom John Tyndall proposed to institute daily prayers for the relief and recovery of the inmates of a certain number of hospitals, for some given number of months, I should not have hesitated a moment to have tried the experiment ; and they showed a most lamentable want of confidence in their own profession by declining his proposal. His proposal was perfectly fair, and if prayer cannot be vindicated on the grounds of his plan it cannot be vindicated at all. Some honest men who would consider it a grievous thing to be called infidels, assert that all God's laws are of necessity bound in chains of everlasting fixity, and therefore cannot be modified by any amount of Prayer. And yet these same persons describe God as a being altogether incomprehensible to finite intelligences. How do they know, then, that eternal fixity is an attribute of a being they know nothing about? For all that can be proven to the contrary, unfixity or eternal change is as much an element in the character of God's laws as eternal fixity. Evolution is supposed to be one of those laws, and what of that V Again we do not know how much of the universe, indeed whether or not all of it is manipulated by finite intelligences in an infinitely ascending category of degrees of power and wisdom. Indeed, there are good reasons for supposing that what are called the laws of the universe are and must continue to be dead or dormant negations, only as they are brought into active visible existence by the finite intelligences of the universe. Take the laws of the transmission of thought around the globe in one hundredth part of a second ! Without a Morse it might have remained a dead negation, incarcerated in a tomb of everlasting silence and inactivity, or had not a finite mind felt the necessity of its active agency and brought the conditions together for its dehibernation. So with steamships without a Watt, Fulton, and so of photographing without a Daguerre. If, then, the laws of the universe appear to be only latent possibilities, with latent powers capable of manipulation by finite minds, not yielding any visible results till they are thus manipulated, why should it be incredible that these laws may be modified in their operation, intensified, or even suspended in their activity for a time, by finite manipulations of the conditions upon which these phenomena depend ! And as we know that finite minds can be moved and propitiated in our favor, how can it be inconsistent to pray for any blessing we are in need of, either temporal or spiritual ? and echo answers why. Union Village, 0.