FREEDOM OF CONSCIENCE EMILIO CASTELAR Yesterday the walls of the Lower House of the Spanish Cortes listened to the time honored pleas in favor of religious intolerance, marshaled by Senor Moyano, the Moderado orator. He urged that Spain's greatness was achieved under the strict rule of the Papacy, that the will of the Pontiff ought to be law to her still. To-day a fresher air swept through the thronged House. The lady of fashion, the statesmen of every shade of political feeling, the whole diplomatic bodies, the passing stranger, listened for two hours and a half enthralled by the eloquence, and hanging upon every word, of the great orator, Emilio Castelar. He said, speaking from his own place: 'From the day when the elements of human matter rose up from the confusion of the chaos, uprose with them spirit and heart and conscience ; that spirit you cannot curb, that conscience you cannot bind by any human law of coercion. Try it, it has been tried ; it has ever failed ; it ever will fail. And why? Because it is against the will of the great Creator of the, Universe. The State has ever—in the pages of the Divine or human history go and seek it — sought to bind down the conscience of men ; Pharaoh, who represented the State, sought to force hit, own form of worship upon Moses and the Jews ; Pilate, the State representative, through seeking to do this, wetted his hands in the blood of the Spotless One ; Nero, the Cossack of the Don, King Henry VIII. and his harlot Parliament, Charles IV.—-all these, powers of the State, committed a like fatal error; and how do their names sound to our ears? No, brother Deputies, you cannot do it. Sirs, I charge no one with desiring to bring back the cursed age of torments, the horrors of the Inquisition, the street and altar smeared with innocent blood, nay, but, sirs, I charge you with trying to coerce men to be hypocrites and liars from fear — fear lest their children should be illegitimate, fear lest their rights of citizenship be taken from them, fear lest when dead, their bones should rot on some dunghill, or in the Campo. You say, 'the State undertakes to support the Roman Catholic religion and its ministers.' Well, I give that creed its due honor; I own its beauty, and its force, and its antiquity. And you say, ' This is the true religion.' Sirs, are you so gross as to say, 'This is the true,' because it is imposed by human law and force of arms? Nay, sirs, you will surely say, ' This is true because, and only because it recommends itself to your heart and conscience as the true one ;' and if so, why do you want a human law to force you to follow that which your conscience tells you is true? Are you afraid of a rival? Sirs, you do an honor to Protestantism if you think it so true as to be able, in a fair race, to outrun Roman Catholicism. But if it be not true, this religion of the State —if it be not true, brother Deputies, what then? Magna eat veritas et praevalcbit. If the Roman Catholic creed be true, it will prevail by force of truth ; if Protestantism be true, it will prevail, and you cannot crush it. If this liberty of conscience be of God, you cannot, if of man you need not, crush it. Protestantism and Catholicism have both tried to coerce. Look at their failure in the fall of Felipe II., in the history of England under the Tudors and James II. * * * Sirs, I have appealed to history; I have appealed to your conscience ; now I make my appeal to your patriotism. Do you believe because you are triumphant in the North over the bodies, that you have won ascendancy over the souls also, of the Basque peasantry? Religious exaggerations have wrought more ill than democratic exaggerations; but in three months, sirs, our advanced Republic put an end to the riots in Carthagena, Seville, Cadiz ; but, sirs, four years and 300 000 men have been necessary to put down a religious war ! The women of Jerusalem went to the sepulchre, as at this season, and found it empty, and said the body of their Master was stolen; but it was no human voice that answered, 'He is not here: He is risen.' Blind women of Jerusalem. Sirs, foolish women. But more foolish, more blind still are those retrograde and reactionary parties: they are seeking for Christ where He is not, they are seeking Him in His sepulchre of stone —in the feudal castle of Middle Age story, in flame and torment, on the floor of the Inquisition, in history —and lo! He has risen. Yes, sirs, Deputies, He has risen : He SHAKER, THE S H .A. K E R . 63 is not there. He has risen in Keason ; He has risen in Liberty, In Equality, in Fraternity, in the punishment of John Brown, in the martyrdom of Lincoln. Lo! the chain they break, and they find and fulfill truth and eternal justice. Brother Deputies, go to your libraries, to your publishers, and search those books which breathe this spirit of perfect freedom of thought and conscience ; persuade, and seek not to coerce; conciliate, and leave off to persecute; break the chains and fetters that man, and not God, has forged and is forging. I have spoken.' The whole speech was delivered without hesitation; bursts of suppressed applause followed at the conclusion of each separate division of the subject, and the House was enthralled. Castelar sat down fairly exhausted with his tremendous effort. New York Times.