UNREASON OF SHAKER OPPONENTS There was a time when Shakerism endured the sobriquet of disguised impurity cast by persecuting masses. Now, that it is privileged to enjoy the celebrity of unchallenged purity it is sad that a certain respectable Monthly should feel that ' the Shakers must be very weak, to be so very good !' It does not surprise us, when people say that the life standard of our principles is an unnatural one — that Shakerism generally adopted, would depopulate the world — these are held to be truths by many honest investigators, who are worthy of, and have our respect. That the Creator made no mistakes in the institutes of nature, we are free to admit; nor feel that this admission encourages only the highest uses of these institutes. The Shakers have a strong, their strongest testimony against the lusts of the flesh ; yet no reasonable Shaker has ever decried marriage or reproduction as unrighteous, per se. That these are misused for most lustful purposes, we do make declaration ; and let none flutter who do not feel hit. Marriage and reproduction are good. And we would, that those having no knowledge of the better uses of the institutes of nature, might comply with the law of right only, and produce only ' sound minds in healthy bodies ; ' that these institutes might not disgrace the God of nature by bringing forth unsound and disgraceful fruit. So perverted do we know humanity to be, in the engagements of fleshly lusts, that honorable, undefiled marriage is either nowhere to be found, or is a jewel of rarest earthliness. We do not say this, because conscience teaches us '' to find (and live) that better way ;' but would prefer, aye, rejoice to say, that marriage was without fault in the eyes of God or man — an honor to him who instituted it, and to all engaged in it. Even then we should live just as we do, perhaps more self-exacting in that which the world complains most of us. It is not because marriage is not good that ice refrain from its practice ; but because Celibacy is better and best ; and will not this assertion be accepted as the only cause of our extreme life practice? Nor do we feel, because we live thus strictly celibate, that all, nor even a majority of present humanity should attempt the practice — only those who ' can receive the saying — none save those to whom it is given.' And had marriage been for ages past what it should have been, there would now be many thousands fold more celibates than there are ; for the rule has been the honoring of the devil rather than of God, through the abuse of the institutes of reproduction, and consequently but little fruit is ripe for an exceedingly godly life. 'Tis a question worthy of most serious reflection by the married, or by those intending it: How much of the higher, heavenly life is there in it ? And when this is correctly, truthfully answered, will any blame the Shakers for saying that, however good marriage may be, it is an insult to the Angels to call it a Christian institution, from whom Christianity derived an origin ? Now, the unreason of our opponents appears most plainly, when, condemning us for certain rules of life, they applaud Jesus most, for the same practices ! We deny ourselves as Shakers of no more, nor of any thing, which the great head of Christianity denied not himself. If we are despicable or condemnable for self-denials, why not pass the same judgment upon him who was and is our living pattern ? Why admire and adore Jesus for doing and being just what we, the Shakers, are upbraided by the multitudes for doing and being ? If our opponents, who claim so much respect for Jesus, would but mentally reinstate him on our earth to-day, listen to his teachings, accept his literal rule of life as their dutiful pattern, how much more or longer would they respect him than they do the Shakers'! Would not millions ' turn away,' and only ' the few ' be left to answer: ' To whom shall we go, for thou hast the words of eternal life 1' The same reasoning will equally apply to our testimony of peace as opposed to wars of nations, contentions in households, and all church and state combinations. Also to community principles as opposed to selfish relations and property. Wherein do we differ from Jesus ? Him, or those whom we love best, we will strive to be like. If the love of Shaker opponents for Jesus, is measured by the nearness of their lives to his life, is there any love lost ? If any will live more like Jesus than we do, we will not despise them, but will try to be like them. It is not a question with us, but an establishment, that we will only approach Jesus, by association, love and obedience to those living more in accord with his life than we do. True, we dance in worship ; but who complains of this, equally with the denunciation of our life testimony ? We could easily abandon any external form like it, if that would induce men and women to forsake their worldly associations. But no sooner would they honestly forsake these, than they would dance from pure joy, and want us to dance with them. Let us all, ' who wear the name of Christ, depart from all iniquity' — live just like him, and one of two things will ensue — our unreasonable opposition to Shakerism will cease, or we will ' also turn away ' and condemn Jesus as well. ' Consistency, thou art a jewel!' Are the multitudes of Shaker opponents and professedly Christian people consistent V And echo answers—; and are we then ' so very weak, because we are so very good ? '