THE TWO SLATES-A VISION HENRY T. CHILD, M. D. My eyes were opened to see men and women spiritually, as they moved about on earth ; each one seemed to have two slates, some dark, some light and transparent. One directly in front of them, the other behind. On the front side of the first, in open view, was written the professions which men make, sometimes of religion, sometimes of worldly things, of ambition, etc. I could see that some had many things attached to this, shelves of books, various mottoes, the bible, the creed of their church, so that the world might see all these. The back of this slate was directly in front of their faces, on this they wrote their real conditions, their secret thoughts, generally very different from those on the front slate. They were concealed from the view of others ; instead of their professions, their real lives were written upon this side, and it was within the reach, so that they could change or wipe out what they had written. The other slate was just opposite this, and behind them, arid so arranged that whatever was written on the front slate was reflected upon this, and though it was not seen by all, my spiritual vision was opened and I was permitted to see these duplicate records. There was a purpose in my seeing these, for it was shown me that while they could put out their hands and wipe oft the front slate, they could not reach this. Then I saw a person who was really desirous to have both slates cleansed ; he went down into the valley of repentance and taking up the waters therefrom he washed off the front slate clean ; then he was obliged to go to some one who was qualified to receive his open confession, and show them just what had been written on his slates, not only this, but he was to have an inward and spiritual baptism of repentance, and then the individual to whom the confession was made could dip a sponge into these baptismal waters of true repentance, and wash off all the slates. I saw that when an individual attempted to rub oft the marks on the front slate and was not willing to confess, the marks on the back slate seemed to come out more distinct. I saw how necessary it was for those to whom the confessions were made, to have clean hands, else they might soil the slate with that which was upon them. These slates were representations of the conditions of individuals, and when all the slates were clean and transparent I could read them from every side. I could see that such individuals walked along life's road free, and the angels walked beside them in love. Their lives were an open book to be read by all who had a spiritual vision : and in reading these there was always a blessing, for pure lives are the highest and holiest testimonies ; they bring God and heaven to man, and earth and earthly things are swallowed up in heavenly and divine things. Philadelphia, Pa.