MUSIC, NO. 8 J. G. RUSSELL Time. In treating upon this peculiar division of the science of music, the writer is forcibly reminded of the impression made upon his mind, while taking his first lesson from one of the good old music books of Dr. Lowell Mason (Boston Academy's Collection of Church Music), which instruction ran as follows: — ' During the performance of a piece of music, time passes away,' etc. So, also, it does, while working or sleeping, was as deep as the musical conceptions seem to run at the time, and hardly as much attention given to the subject as the hungry farmer boy would give, while counting the minutes of the last hour, preceding his summons to dinner. But upon more mature reflection and reasoning, the subject was revealed in clearer light, and the estimation of its importance has in no wise subsided from that time to the present. Now, in the minds of many, who are in search of musical truths, the question often arises, ' WThat is the utility of such practical recognition of time in singing?' — to which the answer, in its broadest and general sense, would be to produce harmony of action, without which but little would be accomplished in the way of praise-rendering, through the medium of song. As the praises of the sanctuary are generally through this channel, and that, too — many times—in congregational choruses, it follows, as a matter of course, that unless harmony of action be properly secured, chaotic discordancy is the inevitable result. To enhance, then, the indispensable means, requisite to success in this department of the science, the subject must be considered in all its bearings, with a thorough practical application of the same. The more popular and musical term for time is rhythm, which — in borrowed language — 'is the periodical recurrence of accent, the measured beat, which marks the character and live expression of the movement.' (Moore's Encyclopedia of Music.) The first prominent feature, discoverable in rhythm, is the variety of length of tone, which variety numbers no less than eight — all of which should be thoroughly understood, and, in general cases, practically regarded in musical performances. Again, it is asserted that tones have no positive length, but are measured, or determined, by a relative system,— a fact which many singers fail to recognize, and, therefore, encounter difficulties not easily removed. For instance, the familiar melody of Hamburg may be written in two different forms, rhythmically (see illustrations No. 1 and No. 2), and yet be the same tune, with no perceptible change in the time, — a thing which could not be done, if the length of tones was positive. It follows, then, that the important point to be gained is to determine accurately the various relative length of tones. The means, thus employed to this end will here be considered by the more popular term, method. As there are various methods for reaching desired results in the science of mathematics, so, likewise, there are various methods for attaining desired results in musical rhythm. But whatever method may be adopted for securing proper rhythm, the fact is conclusively evident that the great superintending agency is THE SHAKER. 61 the mind ; and if this fails, in its responsible office, the singer is left, as it were, ' like a ship without a rudder.'— subject, at any time, to be thrown from the proper rhythm, unless guided by a power superior to its own. This is often done by the method, termed ' beating time.' As far as the superior exercises influence over the inferior, beneficial results may follow this method of time-keeping ; but how much proficiency the musical scholar is acquiring by this course of culture, will clearly be manifest, as soon as left to rely upon his own resource. ' WTithout exaggeration it might be asserted that — in a majority of cases — one-third of the number of singers, composing an ordinary choir, practically fail of preserving proper rhythm, if left without a leader ! But if the mind—. under proper development — performs the task assigned it, of what practical utility would be its subordinate servants, the hand, or the foot, even, in making demonstrations of what the mind, alone, is capable of performing ? As the remaining portion of this topic is better befitting a future number, suffice it, now, to say that if visible motions, whatever, are made by the singer, expressive of sustaining rhythm, they should be most carefully superintended by the mind. ILLUSTRATIONS. FIRST TWO LINES OF HAMBUfSQ. No. 1.