'AS A SPIRITUALIST, I BELIEVE.' Among the favorable signs of to-day, indicating liberality in extenso, and the acceptance of spiritual truths, is the fact that the secular press have so freely and fairly devoted space to the recent discourses of our dear friend J. M. Peebles, lately lecturing in the Southern States. The Chattanooga (Tenn.) Commercial is before us, and from it we copy the following beauties, only sorry that we cannot present the address entire. Let us read, and inwardly digest the brave words of a courageous soul: As a Spiritualist I believe, In one living and true God — the Infinite Presence of the universe — Wisdom and Love. I believe in Jesus Christ as teacher, mediator, Saviour, accepting Peter's definition (Acts ii, 22), ''Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles, wonders and signs that God did by Him.' I believe in the Holy Spirit — that it fell upon the apostles — was poured out upon the Gentiles, and is a constantly descending afflatus from the Christ Heavens. I believe in inspiration, a spiritual inflowing from the Divine Fountain. Prophets and apostles, martyrs and poets have been inspired in all ages. I believe in the beauty of faith, the necessity of repentance, and a just and adequate punishment for all sins in violation of law. I believe in heaven and hell, as conditions rather than locations. Depraved, selfish spirits suffer the keenest remorse in the lower spheres. ' The Kingdom of God is within you,' said Jesus. I believe in spiritual gifts, prophecies, dreams, clairvoyance, visions, trances, and spirit materializations as demonstrating a future conscious existence. In fact this is not belief, but positive knowledge, and thus conditioned, I have obeyed the apostolic injunction, 'Add to your faith knowledge.' I believe in a natural and spiritual body, and when death transpires, each individual commences the hereafter life precisely as he left this, mentally and spiritually ; but all, there as here, are the subjects of progression. I believe in trying 'the spirits,' accepting only such teachings as are pure, holy, spiritual and Christlike. I believe in salvation through Divine obedience — through Christ, just as I believe in buds and flowers and harvests through the quickening sunshine. I believe in the church of God, the church of humanity, the holy apostolic church within whose pale may be found purity and peace, spiritual gifts and ' all things in common ' as upon the Day of Pentecost. This is the living church of Christ enfolding Believers. Touching the moral influence of these doctrines the speaker said that if a demonstration of the soul's immortality, the certainty of punishment, the happiness derived from purity, goodness and holiness, the harmony between religion and science, the conscious presence of ministering spirits, and a continuous baptism from the Christ Heavens, would not tend to better the world he could not conceive what would. Add to this, he said, the fact that none have secrets — God, angels, spirits, know them all. Our souls are as the leaflets of open books, and self-denial and purity of life the only passports to heaven.