CENTENNIAL SMOKE RICHARD FLETCHER The exhibition at Philadelphia affords opportunity for useful moralizing. Since editors have become constant preachers, church attendance is falling off; people read daily sermons and do not go to sleep over them so much, because they call them 'editorials.' A wide range of illustrations for ' texts,' is open in the accounts of the present World's Fair. Near Memorial Hall is a beautiful work of art in bronze. It represents a large mortar, used in national, wholesale murders. By the side of the mortar is ' an old tar,' body bent forward, pointing with full stretched arm to the far distance. On the other side stands an officer in full uniform, telescope in one hand, while the other rests on the rim of the mortar, also watching the effects of the deadly missile, evidently just fired. The group is completed by the figure of a lad, in naval uniform, who has sprung upon the mortar feet hanging across its mouth, shading his eyes with one hand as from the powder smoke. The writer adds that the smoke, although it could not be pictured in bronze, can easily be imagined hanging around, so life-like is the whole expression. Ah ! there is indeed much smoke about such an object, and about many popular customs and systems of society — smoke that hides truth, and needs clearing away. Look at the text again : however skillfully that bronze work has been done, it is a icrong use of art, nothing beautiful or interesting about it to right thinking persons. The artist has worked out sickly ideas of scenes, shocking to common kindness, which all men shrink from taking part in until goaded to a species of madness, simply because false education makes a market among the people for his work. The real actors in such a scene, hidden by smoke, deafened by the thunder of human hatred, sickened by cruel sights, take little relish in telling over details of their worst deeds, much less in bronzing memory's worst pictures and their consciences at the same time, by ' works of art' that hide what little love of God there is left in human hearts. If this nation shall live to see its second Centennial, such relics as the exhibits of fire-arms with all the machinery for making murderous weapons, will be looked upon as we look upon an old flint-lock musket of 1776, or upon a hand spinning wheel. And now, if the metal were only the right kind, that casting would look much better in form of plough-shares ; although if it is much like the delicate artist, the material is too poor to honestly turn a furrow. Why is it a wrong use of art ? Because its only result is to harrow up natural sympathy into ragged sorrows, useless, as well as cruel— and about a black, sulphurous smoky business which nations have all to repent of and forget — the sooner, the easier and cheaper. ' I will break the bow and the sword, and the battle out of the earth' (Hosea, 2 : 18). Would it not be more truthful, in describing the naval group, to say the sailor has a savage scowl, the officer puts on a terrible squint, the youth looks distressed for want of fresh air, and from the entire expression, all their eager, interested, ' artistic ' manner would be changed to cursing, if that shot should fail in its deadly errand ? Those metal figures mean nothing if they do not mean interest in destruction, and of what? of property not only, but of human life ! Such interesting feelings can only come from worse than metal hearts, and iron grip of deadly passion. Now, the very fact that such ideas as the above find crowds of admirers, that sad fact is the moral of this article. Pulpit religion befogs large crowds, who pay preachers to expose soul-truths as much as is consistent with popular tastes, and no more. May ' The Shaker ' keep on clearing away the smoke of human lusts. Of course, those who live in a city do not realize the heavy vapors which outsiders can see settling down like a cloud, hiding the sunlight more or less at all times. So those who breathe the clear wholesome air of sexual purity, do not think but know that false views of our society are held by the citizens of the ' old earth ' on the plane of the first Adam all in the smoke of their own lusts. SHAKER VILLAGE, III. 58 THE Indistinct murmurs arise from their murky valley of delusion about the higher plane. Shall it draw us lower, or shall we not rather strive to shed a brighter light from the highest hill-tops ? However much, nations, sects, families differ, they all agree in the worship of one, likened to a '¦ beast'' in prophecy. Nothing muddles preachers, politicians, collegians, workers and idlers, quicker than flattery of the most corrupt part of our common human nature. iV matter how, whether by costly painting, brilliant writings, almanac wit, coarse slang, or polished pulpit smut, the god of this world brings all classes to one level, groveling in the mud of their earthly natures. They seem to cry, ' Great is the universal object of our desires !' Let people murder one another by wholesale, and call it glorious war, let foolish fashions blind our common sense, but let not one single soul refuse to crawl to the lowest level! Strange that they cannot see the beauty of living equal, as with consecrated property and equality of sexes ! Perhaps, from the level of the ' old Adam1' plane, Christians (so-called) cannot grasp the idea of a truly spiritual life, nor realize the wholesome love among brothers and sisters in Christ, although they often hear from their pulpits: ' In the resurrection they neither marry nor are given in marriage, but are as the angels in heaven.' What smoky glasses people look through to see beauty in fashionable dress! Plainly dressed people look so much more healthy and honest by very contrast, that the ' stylish ' ones, especially the women, look as though they were trying to hide the twisted, distorted souls within ; and they bid fair, before many years, to sin humanity out of its last traces of physical beauty. Sonyea, N. Y.