THE CHEMICAL FORCES OF PLANTS AND ANIMALS. NO. 2 DANIEL FRASER Bkan is a wonderful article in its power to maintain right conditions for the play of vital chemical affinities. Neither vital nor inorganic affinities can operate except the conditions are right. They are like the spiritual mediums — the conditions must be right, which all who have had spiritual experiences know to be true. Bran has a chemical constitution of its own —has an affinity for, and is retentive of moisture ; it protects the grain from being parched in the soil, and when in the intestines, true to its character, is retentive of moisture there. And from its demulcent nature, facilitates transmission,and from its bulk distends, keeps open the absorbents and lacteals, and normally excites the muscularity of the intestines. Food lubricated with saliva descends into the stomach, and remains there for hours enveloped in moisture, in a temperature above ninety degrees, highly favorable to inorganic decomposition. Why is it that fermentation does not take place ? The answer is, vital chemical affinities take hold and triumph over decomposing forces, and determine the phosphate of lime and the compounds that support combustion to their respective quarters. Such is the power that ' triumphs over the causes that induce death.' There is a limit to this power, and it varies in the same person. If the barometer is high, we inhale more oxygen, our digestion is better ; hence, the necessity of forming habits of adaptation, not only to the state of our health, but also of the atmosphere. We are somewhat like steam-engines; one is fifty horse power, others only ten. If we exact from the ten what the fifty can barely do, the ten will break down. So with us, if 'We take more food than our vital forces can control, then we will have an acid stomach, and if saleratus or soda is taken as a corrective two difficulties immediately appear; the alkaline matter weakens the stomach, and chemically prevents the blood from absorbing the grand digester, oxygen. The true way is, never eat so as to create acidity ; never take, nor put saleratus or soda in any food ; even salt should be sparingly used; food should never taste salty. There is another difficulty about eating too much ; the digestive force with some is greater than the assimilating power; there is a greater now of nutriment to the circulation than can be taken care of. This is a bad state of things. Add to this the foul air of close rooms, and we have the true seed-bed of colds, scrofula and consumption. Never take cold. If you do, give up over eating, lessen the quantity greatly; throw aside all cakes, pies, butter and fats; rub and wash your body vigorously, and so increase the power of assimilation. Open the windows, let in the oxygen, and keep letting it in forever. I see a light in the distance. I read, ' There is no need of being sick.' We live in the inside of a self-renewing and self repairing house, and all the furniture is self-repairing, even to the shingles which cover it. In young persons the bones, etc., are not only renewed, but increase in size. The old bones are carried off by the excretory organs. All this refuse matter should be saved and applied to the land, and we may have the happiness to eat ourselves over again once or twice. An apple tree was planted near the grave of Roger Williams ; one of its roots invaded the resting-place of the illustrious dead, and the question was raised, ' Who ate Roger Williams 1' The tree did, and others ate the apples. In this matter of renewal have we any duty to do? By our food and drink can we faciliitate or hinder the process '? We can ; tea and coffee hinders the renewal; so, also, does superfine flour, and this is a great Avaste of precious wheat — about one-seventh — enough thrown away every week as would supply us with bread for one day. Human progress is slow; let charity abound; bless good exam pies ; be and do the truth. Shirley, Mass.