HARMONY WM. H. BUSSELL The term implies a combination of various • parts so as to produce the highest and best possible effects in the whole, — as the strings or the keys of a musical instrument, which, together, may be touched so as to produce melody far sweeter than even a Paganini can call forth from a single one; or the orderly inter-volutions of worlds with worlds, and systems with systems, in the universe, where originate the myriads of beings destined to glory and immortality. Our highest idea of harmony is gained by the contemplation of the Divine Mind ; and, as a matter of course, we regard the state producing the greatest harmony among human beings and in the individual soul, to be that of the completest union with the Divine Mind. The fact is evident enough that, at present, there is inharmony everywhere among mankind, and notwithstanding what has been said or sung of paradises and go4den ages in the past, yet unpoetic history shows us discord throughout its entire length. But we cannot, because of that, impeach the divine wisdom. Its purposes and plans are perfection itself though man is conscious of imperfection in himself and his surroundings. This very consciousness, however, is proof of harmony somewhere existing ; and acts as an impelling power toward its final attainment. All legitimate wants are prophetic of the day of abundance. Harmony in the individual and in communities, is the result of growth, not merely during the period of a single earthly life, but for ages. This is effected by the inspiration of divine life in the soul, gradually unfolding and perfecting all its powers, and the action of the individual upon the community. Divine love is ever active, though not always in the same manner. Often we fail to recognize it, and call it any thing but what it really is. The temperance movement, the anti-slavery movement, the peace movement, are all styled the works of fanatics until the results of years have shown that God's messengers have actually been in them all, and that a grand advance has been made toward the day of harmony. It is utterly vain for us to ignore the divine methods of action, yet how frequently is the attempt made. ' I verily thought within myself I ought to do many things contrary to the name of Jesus of Nazareth,' said Paul: 'I believed the salvation of the nation depended upon my shooting that tyrant,' said the murderer of Lincoln. But the beautiful lessons that Jesus taught are still operative, and are likely to affect the hearts of men in all coming ages. The blow struck at the individual life is of but transient effect, that aimed at wrong produces effects eternal in duration. Such is the present condition of mankind, it is impossible there should be entire concert of action in any movement having the general welfare as its object. But no matter. For a time, Jesus stood alone. The disciples were but a ' little flock,' at first. It is not a cause of reproach that some spend the most of their efforts in behalf of the public upon one object, if that be a good one. Sumner was a man of large culture in many respects, yet he was classed by most persons with the men of one idea. This to him was a matter af no concern, nor to many who listened to his powerful utterances, whether before the senate or the assembled people, all tending to one object — the destruction of the slave power. Though error often has numerous adherents, yet truth never has lacked a sufficient number to advance its interests in the world. That is seed which never perishes, however deeply it may be buried in the earth. It will all finally come to the light and the air. There are some who assert that the efforts of professing Christians are rendered more effective by their division into numerous bodies than if they formed but one. That depends upon what their efforts are tending to. It never yet has been proved that error benefits the world. If all were actually inculcating the same truth there could be no hostilities. A difference in mere organic form might be favorable for different localities and not disturb the essential unity of the spirit. The union resulting from the operation of divine love in thejieart, never yet has been fully exhibited by the various sects toward each other, yet it must be admitted by those who have traced their history, that there is a tendency to ultimate harmony, visible at the present time which has not been seen in the past. Less stress is laid upon peculiar dogmas and more upon the active principles which edify. All minds that clearly see the same truths must agree with respect to them, and all hearts governed by divine love must accord. Through the smoke and dust arising from the contentions of political parties light is visible, greater than heretofore has been seen; individual crimes and national vices may seem to some more numerous than ever, but it is only because the light shines more powerfully, revealing such as once lay hidden in darkness. The tendencies toward national amity may not seem remarkably strong, yet no age has equaled the present in that respect. The earth will yet be glad with greatest joy for the glory of universal peace ; but the day of perfect harmony lies beyond that, when all the powers of the individual shall be attuned to melody and celestial society, though formed in myriad groups, shall possess nothing that will disturb its endless quiet. Sonyea, N. Y.