CRUELTY TO ANIMALS, BIRDS, ETC. We are proud of humanity, at every recollection or mention of the ' Societies for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, etc.' May heaven bless, and we believe it will, every one who raises a voice or hand to aid the noble cause. Every youth of our land should learn Cowper's beautiful lines upon ' Cruelty,' beginning: ' I would not enter on my list of friends, Though graced with polished manners and fine sense, The man, who needlessly sets foot upon a worm.' We have received from one Dr. Sterling, of Cleveland, (X, a kind but severe criticism upon recipe second, for protection from the crow, in ' Spirit of Farm ' for June. The gist of the complaint is, that having recommended recipe one as efficacious, the second was one of extreme cruelty. The doctor claims that a thorough knowledge of the crow, and other birds, would convict us of the ill necessity of their extermination. We realize the crow as a scavenger, and, plying his vocation, we believe in respecting his rights as such. Just so with flies, mosquitoes, and many creeping things ; but out of their sphere, as intruders, ' into scenes sacred to neatness and repose ' — into fields, gardens, etc., sacred to better purposes — we believe it right to add sufficient extermination to prevent much recurrence. Says Cowper : 'The sum is this: If man's convenience, health, Or safety interfere, his rights and claims Are paramount, and must extinguish theirs.' This is the correct view of the matter. A sickly sentimentalism might open the window to remove a mosquito ; and should it rain, put him in the next room until clear ! Respect for the rights of all things would prevent our entrance upon territory devoted to the economy of beasts, birds, fishes or insects, for the simple purpose of destruction. Again, wishing the extensive growth of such humane Societies as care for the brutes and birds, we cannot acknowledge the point of the Dj*. in the case of the crow, as well taken, as ' A necessary act incurs no blame ; ' and the protection of our crops is a prime, physical necessity.