FLOWERS G. B. AVERY That Creative Providence made flowers beautiful, and made the eye with capacity to drink in their beauty to contribute to the happiness of his creatures, there is no room to doubt. The poet has truly said, ' A thing of beauty, is a joy forever.' And, in a true life, the useful and the beautiful are combined. The beautiful is useful, yet in what sense, and to what extent ? A true, Christian, godly life, is devoted to the most important uses. Were the entire time of human society devoted to the culture of flowers only, where were the fruits of the earth to sustain life ? Were the pioneer settlers in a new country to give much time to the culture of flowers, they would perish with hunger, cold and nakedness, nor could they spend much time or strength to construct the merely ornamental in dress or architecture. The most important uses must necessarily engage their attention, time and strength. In this age, the burdens and duties of the Christ life may justly be compared to those of the pioneer settlers in the wilderness; and, to cut down the gigantic forests of human errors, and clear the soil of human society for the planting and culture of those goodly trees bearing the precious flowers and succeeding fruits essential to the strength and sustenance of a godly life, is primarily the duty and burden of the Christian; little is the opportunity to such of cultivating those earthly flowers which contribute their share of bliss to life, only in feeding the desires for earth's beauties. Jesus — the firstJChristian — enunciated the great truthful principle, ' The life is more than meat, and the body more than raiment.' Yet, without meat and raiment, what would become of the body ? But, all necessary duties should be attended to in the order of their importance ; and those persons called to the highest duties of life,— to such numerous and onerous burdens as to engage all their strength, needing, besides, the strength of myriads more, cannot be justified in spending much of their precious life to mere pleasure ; they must be largely utilitarian. , To them, Jesus' injunction was, ' labor not for the meat that perisheth.' And, ' in those early days' (of Christianity even) when the number of the disciples was multiplied, there was a murmuring of the Grecians against the Hebrews because their widows were neglected in the daily ministration. Then the twelve called the multitude of the disciples unto them and said : ' It is not reason that we should leave the word of God and serve tables.' * * ' But we will give ourselves continually to prayer, and to the ministry of the word,' The duty of all the members of the true Christian Church, in this age of the world, is analogous to those of that chosen twelve ; they are called to be kings and priests unto God. We would repeat, all necessary duties should be attended to in the order of their importance. We have known some persons so absorbed in the culture of flowers, they neglected to clean and mend the clothing, and properly prepare the food needed for the family, and to keep clean the house. Flowers, except those precedent to the fruits needful for human support, are secondary in importance, and those persons called to the highest order of life,— the Christian, to be ' Kings and Priests unto God ' must toil most largely in the field of fruits, both physically, morally and spiritually considered. Such was the field of toil for Jesus; and,in this day, when his true followers — the ministers of light, life and salvation — are so few, such must largely be the toiling field of his true followers ; they must be mostly utilitarian in its boldest and most important sense, rather than in its florid phase.