ESTIMATION OF CHARACTER MATILDA A. BUTLER It is quite too common for us to pass judgment, with a freedom unbecoming, on our confiding brother, sister or friend, we not seeing the living springs of their hearts, nor hearing the reasonings of their minds' inner depths. 'In olden times, justice was meted out by the sword, the spear avenged the wrong, and the lot decided the right.' The condemning waters still roll, and we wait not to see what the end will be, but determine the right or the wrong, by the issue of failure or success. ' Count no one more evil because he is unfortunate;' for the blessing of a better heart does not always lie in the sunshine of prosperity. Chastisement, not less than reward, proves the good Father's love to his children. In looking at our fellow beings, we say, who can pass righteous judgment? such an one is holy and accepted, and such an one is reprobate and doomed ; there is so much of good among the worst, and so much of evil in the best, that looking a little deeper than the surface, it is hard to pronounce one a saint, and condemn another as a sinner. Our character is the complex of all that we love, and we never love any truth or make it our own to live by, until our aifections are first fastened upon it. The love that is so strong, can be no superficial sentiment, but an inward element of the heart. Admitting love to be an intense and all-pervading power, the very life of our souls, the importance of training ourselves to love only that which is pure and true, at once becomes manifest. And so long as we are at liberty to take care of our own character, and grow it to the highest principles of truth and virtue, we are not dependent on reputation, which is a kind of earth robe, and like the leaves of the tree, worn only in suitable seasons. ' Character, not death, is the end of life.' We die not, all our deeds remain, to crown with honor or to mar with shame. Our character is just what we make it; our reputation is made by others for us, and is always liable to discount, if not entirely counterfeit. True it is, accidents may modify, circumstances may control, externals may change it, but still it is the same; the map of the face and picture of the eye are traced by the pen of passion. A knowledge of ourselves gives us power ; in the exercise of this we consider our failings, search out our latent virtues, cultivate the good and crush out the evil. Ignorance of self is the symbol of idolatry, while a love for the upright and noble will cause us to stand up and battle valiantly for the truth, fearless of ridicule, for this is a weak weapon when leveled at a strong mind. It takes years of untiring zeal to grow into the genuine characteristics of the higher life. ' Science may be learned by rote.' Wisdom can only be learned by experience,' and it is sad to reflect that ' experience ' is only an elegant term for suffering ! In the great battle of life its triumphs rarely compensate for the wounds they inflict, still it is a battle that must be fought, and the winning is worth the sacrifice. No one ever attained the heights of virtue without a bold, daring spirit of love for self ; far no one ever did a noble deed that did not truly love self. We cannot truly love humanity unless we love ourselves enough to find out in what elements the fruits of good will grow most prolific; itnd here is the field inviting our superior love of self. Character grows, or is formed of all our little deeds ; every act of our lives has a meaning, as every word in the dictionary has a definition. Then let us walk together as friends, giving the hand of fellowship, acknowledging the heart of sympathy, and let not charity be a stranger at the board that is spread for our brother or sister. Let us rise to nobler themes, for the soul hath an heritage of glory, in the majestic character of God. Union Village, 0,