A REMARKABLE FRAGMENT The following lines are handed to us by Mr. Frederick E Partington, a student at Brown University. They were given to him at a book-stall in the little, sooty town of Llsuielly, Wales, four years since. The writer of them, a strange looking, shy, retiring girl of eighteen or nineteen years, was pointed out to him by the book-seller as ' a dreamer,'' and the village folks called her crazy. The verses were written In 1868, when she could not have been more than sixteen years of age. Considering the place, the time, and the author, we think the lines remarkable. We believe they have never before been published in this country : They cry : 'He come? — The signs are sure — all lands are armed for war— The mystic number is fulfilled — He comes ! ' We answer: O that he would come! We want The Christ! We want a God to burn the truth Afresh upon the forehead of the world ! We want a Man to walk once more among The wrangling Pharisees, to drive the beasts And moueymongers from the temple courts; To bring the Gospel back again, and prove How all unlike the Churches are to Christ! We want that Christ again to tell the 'saints ' Their sins : that they were sent to bless the poor, And they have sold themselves unto the rich , That they were sent to preach the works of peace, And they have filled the world with war of words; That they were sent the messengers of love, And they have driven love out of their creeds That they were sent to teach men not to lie. Nor tremble when their duty led to death — O for the Christ again ! He —He would dare To tell the Churches how they lie and cant. Ahd talk of serving God — and serve themselves ; And talk of saving souls — to save their ' cause ; ' And pare and narrow God's divinest truth Until a man can hardly be a man And member of a Church. ******* Already Christ is coming. Hear ye not The footfalls of the Lord? He tramples down The cruel hedges men have built about The gate that leads to heaven. He rends the creeds And gives their tatters to the merry winds. He does not come as bigots prophesy To choose a handful and to damn the rest, To found a Jewish-Gentile kingdom here And roll the world into the past again. He comes the Spirit of a riper Age When all that is not good or true shall die — When all that's bad in custom, false in creed, And all that makes the boor and mars the man, Shall pass away for ever. Yes, He comes To give the world a passion for the truth, To inspire us with a holy human love, To make us sure that, ere a man can be A saint, he first must be a man.