MATERIALIZATION AMONG THE INDIANS Dear Editor of the Shaker: The most remarkable case of materialization among the Indians that came to my notice during my twelve years of residence among them was during the summer of 1836, of which I noted down the particulars at the time, and of which the following is the history: Ke-che Be-zhe-kee, or Big Buffalo, as he was called by the Americans, was at that time chief of that band of Ojibway Indians who dwelt on the southwest shores of Lake Superior, and were best known by the name of the ' Lake Indians.' He was wise and sagacious in council, a great orator, and was much reverenced by the Indians for his supposed intercourse with the Man-i-toes, or Spirits, from whom they believed he derived much of his eloquence and wisdom in governing the affairs of the tribe. In the summer of 1836, his only son, a young man of rare promise, suddenly sickened and died. The old chief was almost inconsolable for his loss, and, as a token of his affection for his son, had him dressed and laid in the grave in the same military coat, together with the sword and epaulets, which he had received a few months before as a present from the Great Father at Washington. He also had placed beside him his favorite dog, to be his companion on his journey to the land of souls. One morning, a few months after his death, the old chief came to my wigwam, his step light and elastic like a chill, his form erect and his face lighted up as if he had just received some new and joyful intelligence. 'I have seen him,' he said, 'I have seen him whom we mourned as dead! I have seen him, and he is still alive!' 'Seen him! when?' I asked. ' Yesterday, in the Me-ta-wa (sacred dance). We were all assembled together in the great dancing lodge of the chiefs, to worship before the Great Spirit, and On-wi came there and joined us.' 'What! in your dance before the Great Spirit? Did you speak to him?' ' We did, and he spoke to us.' 'What did he say?' ' He said it was weakness for us to mourn for him. He had gone to the happy hunting grounds, far better than these, on the cold shores of the lake. He mentioned some of those whom he had seen, particularly Man-i-bo-zho and Ah-ke-wain-ze, who had welcomed him there.'' ' Did he join with you in the dance?' ' He did. We all danced before the Great Spirit. On-wi danced with us. His step was light as a fawn. His face was bright as the sky overhead. I wish you could have seen him. It made our hearts glad and joyful as the birds in spring. After the dance we all sat down and smoked the pipe of peace together.' •'But how do you know it was On-wi whom you saw? May it not have been some one of the tribe who counterfeited him, with his face painted with the sacred emblems which you wear in the dance?' '¦ Did I not mark his form, his features, his every look? Was he* not dressed in the very coat I gave him, a present from the Great Father at Washington ? Who else in all the tribe has a coat like that? How, then, could I be deceived ? ' ' And you — every one of you — saw him ? ' 'Every one of us. Ask the aged men, and they will tell you. The wisest men of the tribe were there. Could they, too, be deceived? Have they got eyes and do not see straight forward ? Have they got ears and do not hear what is spoken to them ? Ask them, and they will tell you the truth. Their tongues are not hung in the middle, speaking lies at both ends, like the pale faces. The toes of their feet do not turn outward, so that they walk two ways at once, like them. They keep straight forward in the path. Ask them, and they will tell you the truth.' I did ask them, and heard from them the same report brought to me by the old chief concerning his son. For many days it was the theme of conversation in every wigwam of the camp. The old men spoke of it in an undertone, with their heads bowed as if in reverence; and one day, while walking through the camp, I saw Wah-chus-co, the great seer of the tribe, standing amidst a group of earnest listeners, and, with a great burst of eloquence, telling them how Ke-che Man-i-to made the two worlds round, like the sun, for so the Spirits had taught him; and taking a piece of birch bark and drawing on it two spheres touching each other, he pictured to them whole bands of joyous spirits passing from one to the other, thus bringing together the inhabitants of the seen and unseen worlds. Yours, Canaan, N. Y. Granville T. Sproat