OLLAPODRIDA? There are few afflictions, not affecting the health, that are more embarrassing to both speaker and hearer, than stammering. Here what a man, who has entirely cured himself, advises: 'Go into some room alone, with any book you choose to read. Close the jaws, so that the teeth will shut tightly. Read aloud for two hours ! Your jaws will ache, but immediately thereafter you will talk better, and the practice, persisted in, will insure a cure.' We have had sent us a quarto pamphlet from John Wanamaker, Phila., Pa., containing the very best arrangement of scripture questions for Sunday Schools. As an aid for both Teachers and Scholars, it is an invaluable work. We add our thanks to those of»many others, which must reach the publisher. ^ Two new socialistic papers were launched in July — ' The Eclectic and Peacemaker,' and ' The Christian Socialist.'''' The former represents a new undertaking in the associative line, upon a large tract of land in Virginia. There never was an hour in the past, that gave more evidence, that we live in a day of transition. From our own observation, we are assured that creedal forms and churchal bondage stand less as barriers to the acceptance and progress of the truth, than at any time of the past. The time has come, the people are more than ready; and the shackles that have so erroneously bound consciences, are silently, but surely, falling on every side. Instead of our feeling, that never was irreligion more prevalent, let us observe that only the practical truths of Christ are accepted as religion, by the noble and thoughtful of to-day. Lomas. ' Spirit Voices '—music in July No., is receiving an unusual share of encomiums. Ere long, 'Shaker Music Books ' will be in active demand. A few more left. Post-paid, 50 cents. Bekcher.— If Christ should come to New York this morning, He would not find any more followers than he did 1800 years ago. If Jesus Christ should come from Heaven and stand in New York to-day and oppose us, as he opposed all the legends and traditions in the synagogue of that olden city — if he opposed us in the same way, he would have a small following.