GOSPEL ARMOR DANIEL ORCUTT According to ancient history, spears and lances were used as weapons of war, and men wore armor to protect their bodies from them. It was often formed of brass plates laid over each other like the scales of a fish, and jointed together, so as to allow a free motion of the body. We are informed that Goliath's armor weighed nearly two hundred pounds! The Gospel armor, provided by Christ, the good Commander, for volunteers in the spiritual warfare, is a sure defense against the wiles of Satan, the great adversary of souls. ' Take unto you the whole armor of God,' says Paul to the soldier of the cross. ' Stand, therefore,'— resist every attack; 'having your loins girt about with truth.' An iron belt bound the ancient armor to keep it in place ; so truth, encircling the soul, keeps it always guarded, ready for action. 'And having on the breastplate of righteousness,' — integrity, holiness, purity of life. The breastplate defended the vital parts, and if one of mail was necessary to protect the heart from the weapons of the enemy, no less so is the breastplate of integrity necessary to preserve the soul from the assaults of Satan. It was Job's incorruptible integrity that gave Satan no advantage over him. 'Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye will be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.' Fiery darts! such as sudden temptations, wicked impressions, the naming of sinful passions, etc. 'xViid take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God.' No soldier was fully armed and equipped without a sword. It was short, sharp and two-edged. The sword of the Spirit is a death-dealing weapon of the truest, to remove error, destroy sin and .foil temptation. If Eve, in the garden, had used her sword, ' the word of God,' Satan would not have overpowered her. It was this weapon with which Christ foiled him in the wilder ness so that he fled. Stand fast by the ' sword.' Wield it daily. ' Praying always with all prayer.' No matter how complete is our armor, or how skillful and courageous we may be, without watchfulness and prayer we shall be beaten. God alone giveth the victory ; and when the Christian soldier goes forth fully prepared to war the good warfare and to ' fight the good fight,' he is sure to overcome in every encounter ; and ' he that overcometh shall inherit all things.' Enfield, Ct.