INSECTS, CHILDREN AND CATS In France, the Minister of Public Instruction, Mr. Waddington, appreciating the effect of combined and widely-extended action upon the prevalence of insect pests, issued a circular to the schools of i the country, wherein is described in forcible terms the serious results which will ensue if the insect j tribe is to continue to revel with impunity ; and especially calls upon the school-teachers to point out to children what insects are, and what are not ; noxious; and further, to condemn most strongly : the killing of birds, or taking their nests, and j asserts that the law will hold parents responsible j for the acts of their children in this respect. The editor of Appleton's Journal, in commenting upon this, suggests the query whether our public schools cannot do more than they now do to teach children to think about many matters in which they now too often err, from sheer ignorance. It occurs to us that much benefit would accrue to the public if an elementary course of entomology were introduced into our normal schools, so that our teachers, knowing something themselves, could influence the children under their charge to act as efficient aids to the farmer, in concerted action toward destroying our injurious insects. Children are naturally destructive, and a little effort, rightly exerted, would make such a duty as is implied here a pleasure, and a pleasure which, sufficiently encouraged, would be productive of a wide-spread benefit. — Scientific Farmer. Jane Q. Swisshelm, in a late letter from Brussels, writes in strong condemnation of the cats in this country. As we have often heard foreigners observe, she strongly asserts that the absence of cats in Europe is the prominent cause of the exceeding multiplicity of beautiful birds of song and plumage in that country. She says she has heard more bird-songs in Brussels in seven weeks than she would hear in this country in almost as many years ! If the cats and children kill so many birds, which would sing so much and kill so many insects, is it not a duty to study the above suggestions ? And is it wrong to kill hundreds of cats ?