'TRY AGAIN.' SARAH A. NEAL If the first attempt to accomplish a noble purpose proves a failure, ' try again.' Could every one be made aware that the road to success led through a country of failures, much of the despair that now blights the zeal of very many because their first efforts do not prove successful ones, would be blown away by the breezes of new endeavors. It would not indicate that our individuality was defective, should many failures crown our exertions for superior development; but our inability would become apparent, did we permit ourselves to submit to the morbid influences of non-exertion because some trifling obstacle seemed, for the time being, to impede our early, intended success. Little satisfaction can come home to the inert soul, who moves not a willing body in the cause of right. What if our attempts prove only failures many times ; perseverance will finally lift us to the summit of success, for they who labor truly, labor to win, even though their day of victory be afar, and no good achievements have been secured, without costing some one very much ardent labor. What phase of life could we present, in this, our centennial year, if there had not been some unusually persevering minds, and toiling hands to develop the present status of tilings, of which our country is now so proud to exhibit ? And what had been our gospel cause, if some individuals had not possessed the fortitude to defend Christian principles, against the opposition which is always sure to arise when any advancement is made as an innovation in a new direction ? Surely we could hardly have boasted of present growth toward the angelic life, had not successive trials paved the way to even our present acquirements So let ' try again ' be our first thought, after having failed to succeed in carrying out any good undertaking, even though we repeat our purpose many times. At least, may we all keep trying, until we achieve that one victory over self, which will be more than equal to many failures in any scientific pursuit. And we need not despair, should we fail to realize this attainment until after this life's ultimate; even then we can lay by our mortality in peace, for over death's river our banners of victory would greet us, encouraging a continual and eternal 'try again.'