MUSIC, NO. 9 J. G. RUSSELL Rhythm resumed. — Allusion being made to various methods of time-keeping,that of counting comes next for consideration. This method is executed by allowing an equal space of time to elapse between every two counts. Then, with a fore-knowledge of the proper length of tones, ability may be acquired for measuring them by the more preferable way of counting the time, as by this method the mind is forced to perform its office, and but little chance given for counterfeit rhythm. Singers, who practice this method, acquire the ability to keep the time for themselves, and, therefore, need but little assistance aside from themselves while in the practical performance of music. As this method seems most reliable in its results, but little would need to be said of others, such as the use of various kinds of instruments, invented for the purpose. To be brief upon the subject, it might be asserted that any method adopted, that would force the mind to execute its work, would be preferable to one that simply addresses itself to the eye, leaving the singer but little more proficient in the art than if he had received no tuition at all. As evidence of this assertion, take, for example, certain points in the simplest elements of musical science. The quarter rest (p) requires the same amount of time, in its use, as does a quarter note; but being a space of silence is but little regarded, as many singers seem to get the impression that a piece of music must, of necessity, be one continuous prolongation of tone from beginning to end! Again, the relative length of notes — in many cases — is but little regarded, especially the dotted quarter, and dotted eighth, which, in Even Time, are generally followed by the eighth and sixteenth; but little notice is taken of the fact that the dotted quarter and eighth, when together, should have the same time as would two quarter notes; or that the dotted eighth and sixteenth should have the same time as two eighths, but the former, though written | ' ^ is often performed * * p, while the latter, though written j ^, is performed I , the time in both cases being mutilated by non-observance of the relative length of notes. It lias ceased to become a mystery in the mind of the writer, why organists and pianists— as a whole — are so much more proficient in rhythm than vocalists seem to be, when the fact is apparent that counting is almost as conspicuous as fingering in their lessons of practice. One more point, in brief, and we leave, for the present, the subject of rhythm. The term measure — according to its general acceptation — is the space between the bars. Primarily, their number of kinds is four, viz.: Double, Triple, Quadruple and Sextuple. The variety of forms these measures often assume are puzzling obstacles for singers to meet. Three of the measures have each three forms, while the fourth has four. (See illustration.) While no satisfactory reason has ever been given for this seemingly useless variety of forms, the writer is much inclined to the opinion of one prominent professor of music (A. _ZV. Johnson), who neither theoretically nor practically — if memory serves correctly) — recognizes more than one form in each kind of measure,—which form he designates by the figure denoting the number of counts in the measure; which in Double is marked 2, in Triple 3, etc.,with the exception of Sextuple, which is marked ^'. In this measure the singer takes the eighth note (J) as the standard count note — making six counts in the measure, or, if preferable, making two counts in the measure, by allowing the time of three eighths to one count; whereas, in the other measures the quarter note is invariably the standard count; and by this method the afflicting obstacle is easily removed. ILLUSTKATION. Triple. Quadruple. Sextuple. Double measure. tlfl**iltttl*ttV4 Enfield, N. H.