SOCIETY RECORD The Ministry of Mt. Lebanon and Watervliet loft the latter place on Aug. 1, for an extended tour of all the Western Societies. Let us all yearn for them a successful journey. Also, let us remind our western brethren that, though they are strong in spirit and for the Cause, they must use some care not to overwork them, and lot them return on time. Shakers, N. Y. Shakers, N. Y. Crops coming in splendidly. Hay and grain an abundant yield —best quality. Fruits of smaller varieties, excepting Raspberries only medium crop. Apples, Pears, etc., promises most largoly,|whilo the gardeners, broom and sweet corn growers are counting- a relief by dollars, not far distant. Health apparently superb. The Colorado bug troubled our earl]) potatoes considerably—in some families bushels were picked from tho vines, and their fates were 'tho end!' -£ Enfield, N. H. Enfield, N. H. An intenso drouth still prevails. Nevertheless, crops coming In satisfactorily. An especial good word for potatoes ; which, notwithstanding the immense army of beetles, have done well. Busy lingers have, in days and weeks, destroyed mil----hundreds of thousands! Sales of brooms and seeds moderate. The dairy good. From the average of 30 cows, seventy cheeses have been produced, besides 65 or 70 lbs. of butter woekly. Sixteen calves reared. Pail and Tub business resting; but must begin again soon. ' Hope so, we want one.' Health of Society good; and we report goneral prosperity throughout, -fe Enfield, Conn. Enfield, Conn. Bro. Richard Van Deusen has a pear orchard of four acres, which we almost imagine, this season he challenges the world with. The Church Family havo begun a new Dwelling House —form of Greek Cross —96 feet long, and cross-wise. This building is to bo heated by steam. New Depot being built by tho Society. Albert Battles is proposed as P. M. for a now P. O. Hereafter, friends! direct all letters for Enfield, Conn., to ' Shaker Station, Hartford Co., Conn.' Bro. B. S. Kellogg, we are glad to hear, is improving. Get up, and well. -jjj Groveland, N. Y. GROVELAND, N. Y., about this time is experiencing a refreshing season of Mt. Lebanon baptism. Although wheat is only moderate, yet no complaint is heard of tho general appearance and harvest of crops. Zeal generally is prevalent at the Centre, and that 'happy family ' at tho west continues ' happy.' -fa Hancock, Mass. Hancock, Mass. A passage through this village lately, inspired our heart of hearts with much hope. There is much of God in Hancock, —for order prevailed. Fences, buildings, ('many new ones,) wero superior to tho heretofore, and the kindness of Bro. Ira Lawson unequaled. *fe