PARENTAL CALL JAMES G. RUSSELL Not in thy strength alone, thou feeble one, Wilt thou the powers of darkness overcome ; But in the strength of Him who reigns on High, Thou needst not fear to meet the enemy. For thou wilt surely conquer, and no power Can thee withstand in that victorious hour. The Lord Jehovah is thy sure defense, His word is Truth, His strength Omnipotence. Go forth to battle with thine armor on, And never cease the strife till victory 's won. The Lord hath called thee to this glorious strife ; Be true, and thou shalt win Eternal Life. RESPONSE. The solemn call which now to me is given, To cheer me on to my sweet home in heaven, I will not slight; nor waste my precious time In worldly follies that would bar the mind From purity, and things that are of God ; But I will walk the path my Saviour trod, And in his love abide : — rememb'ring now To seal by faithfulness, my earnest vow, To walk with Christ: —to turn not from the way. However dark and gloomy seems the day, Nor when temptation, with its charming smile, Would tarry near, my footsteps to beguile. But I will think of Jesus, at the hour When Satan sought, with feigned display of power, To make the lowly Nazarene a slave To his vile shrine, — the answer Jesus gave Was ' Get behind me, Satan! ' Vict'ry gained 1 Our blessed Jesus, spotless, still remained; Nor did the tempter tarry longer near, But instantly withdrew : then did appear The angel ministers of love divine, And Jesus' countenance again did shine With greater radiance, even, than before ! And in his Father's name, the ensign bore, Of peace and good will unto suff'ring men. And I will also think of Jesus, when On Calvary's height, his mission full to seal, He suffered martyrdom, with none to heal, Or even soothe his agonizing wounds, Nor heed with pitying ear his dying groans ! '0 Father,' then he prayed, with all in view, ' Forgive them, for they know not what they do.' And thus, by cruel hands he suffered, bled ; A crown of plaited thorns upon his head, — On either side, through mock'ry, scorn and hate, Two vagrant sufferers sharing, each, his fate One weeps— repents-— and unto Jesus cries, And is, that hour, with him in Paradise! O boundless grace ! this lesson here we learn, The vilest sinner may to God return ! These solemn thoughts awaken in my breast, Emotion's deep, of unfeigned gratefulness, And earnest feelings to endure the strife. Whatever be the cost: a carnal life Is requisite for sacrifice, to find That better life — eternal and divine. And this shall be the burden of my day, To walk as Jesus walked — to watch and pray. Enfield, N. H.