SOCIAL IMPURITY [The following extracts are from a sermon, preached to a congregation, in the aristocratic city of Pittsfield, Mass. There is so much genuine Shaker preaching in thorn, we aro very happy to quote them for the benefit of our readers. Would to heaven that the 42,000 clergymen of the United States were as bold for truth as the Kev. J. F. Clymer, now of Glens Falls, N. Y. Our thanks to It. M. Offard, for putting the same in tract form.— Ed.1 There is a willful and woeful ignorance among ail classes in regard to the cause, the effect and enormity of this crime. All men ought to know that God has woven laws into every tissue, and nerve, and muscle, and bone of the human body, tho violation of which is just as much a sin as to break any law of the decalogue. The laws of God graven on our bodies havo not received that attention from divines and public teachers that their importance demands. We have had acres of sermons on the ethics of Christianity, as they apply to the soul; but scarcely a word on the relations of Christianity to the body. In the rigmarole of extreme religionists, the body is regarded as a vile, burdensome thing, an earthly pest to tho soul; hence the shameful ignorance of physical laws among some Christians, and their feverish anxiety to get to heaven. I pronounce the human body the grandest combination of physical elements in the universe; the incarnation of the divine ideal of material beauty ; the temple of the soul; the sanctuary of the Holy Ghost — 'Know yo not that your bodies are the temples of tho Holy Ghost?' Licentiousness is pre-eminently a body sin. It smites this temple of tho Holy Ghost with the dry rot. All men, especially young men, ought to know that this physical sin is hell fire in the bones, and will burn up their bodily powers, leaving the soul homeless and Godless forever. Men of God everywhere ought to cry aloud and spare not, that this iniquity may cease in tho land. Criminal fastidiousness and counterfeit delicacy confront me, and forbid the revelation of covered corruption. Ah, these are they who are so busy with the proprieties and elegancies of outside life, that no time is had for securing pure inwardness. The descendants of the Pharisees are not all dead. Whitewashed sepulchres are not out of date yet. Remembering that pure delicacy is a spring sunk deep in the solid rock of integrity, whose clear waters send up no mire nor dirt, I will drink from the limpid stream and go on. Licentiousness shows itself in tho solitary vice of youth. The hard facts of life and eminent physicians tell us that this secret sin is well-nigh universal. Medical men, eminent for ability, say there is scarcely a youth of twelve years, of either sex, who has escaped its ravages. Fond parents are self-deceived when they think their children are innocent. A noted physician says, among tho thousands of youths who have come under his notice, scarcely one in a hundred is free from it. Most parents think it the wisest wisdom to keep their children in ignorance of the divinely appointed relations of the sexes, hence they never warn them against this vice, or tell them of tho dreadful ruin it brings upon body and soul. Fathers and mothers while you maintain this ominous silence, vile books, lewd pictures in art galleries, wicked companions and leprous newspapers, and obscene theatre bills are slowly, but surely, training your children in this vice. Our literature reeks with licentious filth. Many of our young men pass by the study of history, art, science, and the Bible, counting thorn trash, and sit for hours gormandizing the 'New York Weekly,' the ' Fireside Companion,' the ' Day's Doings,' and the ' Police Gazette.' Very few of you suspect tho ruin that the social evil is working among our youth. Through it the best energies are wasted. The rich current of vitality is poured out like water, and strong nerves are shattered and unstrung Then comes tho fatal resort to stimulants to hold up the tottering frame. Then the mad bowl becomes a dire necessity of existence. Then, when sickness comes, there is no vitality to resist the inroads of disease. Many a youth has gone on thus, week after week, and month after month, showing daily the signs of decay, and no one asks the cause of his troubles. The listless eye, the pale cheek, the fitful appetite, the spiteful temper, these are all nature's signals of this sin. At last the victim dies. The community all stand aghast at such a strange providence. The minister stands over the coffin and echoes the voice of the community, and calls this a ' mysterious providence that removes one so promising from our midst.' It is false. He fell a victim to the violation of God's laws written in his body. God did not kill him ; he killed himself. A man need not put a knife to his throat, or a pistol to his breast to become a suicide. A man may eat, or drink, or lust himself to death. Under the lead of lewdness, a young man may fritter his life away infinitesimally, and society will lay the blame on God. Be not deceived. God is not mocked; whatsoever a man sovveth, that shall he also reap. Punishment for violated THK SH^KEH, law is one of the surest things In God's universe. No one violates a law of his body, or any part of it, with impunity. Parents, believe me when I tell you that many of your children are dying daily through this vice. If an unwise silence has put a gulf between you and your children, draw near unto them and they will draw near to you, Fold them in your arms, and in the sanctity of your homes, at the holy shrine of a mother's love, and under the pavilion of a father's affection, tell them of the woe that waits on this vice. Young men, I come to you as the angel came to Lot, and cry out, with my heart in my mouth, escape for your lives from this Sodom ! Fly! fly to yon mount of purity, or else it will soon be forever too late. The violations of the law of chastity are not all outside of marriage relations. Marriage is of God. Its chief corner-stone is love : Its other foundation stones are joy, peace, long-suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance; its superstructure, a Christly character, wrought out in a pure fatherhood and a chaste motherhood. Put marriage on any other basis than pure love, and you break the seventh commandment. Let your prime object in marriage be any other than the upbuilding of the soul in godly principles under the law of parentage, and you prostitute the purest institution of God among men. Christ recognized the necessity of pure love in wedlock so much that he classes it with his own love for the church, and makes It the ideal of our love for him; Hear Him speak through Paul, 'Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church ; ' with sacrifice, with self-abnegation, and self-renunciation -such a love as suborns every lower motive to a divine purpose. Again, ' Wives, submit yourselves unto your husbands, as unto the Lord,' not as unto a base and gross humanity. Nothing short of the purest love that can throb in human breast will meet the divine idea of Christian marriage; nothing less than pure love will make our homes the type of heaven, as God intended they should be. Enter into marriage with every thing else but love, and no matter how gorgeous your wedding, or how magnificent your dwelling, your home will be a little hell. Whereas, two youthful souls, with true love, will make an Eden out of a hut. Some teach that so long as the bounds of civil law are not passed in marriage, there is no sin; that the law of chastity cannot be violated inside the marriage relation, hence vast numbers of otherwise good people refuse to know any law of temperance on this question. Do you not know that the Saviour's interpretation of the seventh commandment, found in Matthew, v. 38, applies to married persons this side of civil law, as well as the other side ? The pure Christ has given a heart meaning to the seventh commandment, which covers the relations of husband and wife to each other, as woil as their relations to others. God has dedicated marriage as a sanctuary of love and purity; and they who make it a convenience for revelling and grossness, transform it iuto a den of thieves. Husbands, Christ's love for the church is the standard set up for you. Wives, the love of a true church of Christ is the example for you; then shall your union be a 'perpetual fountain of domestic sweets.' 1. If you would avoid this great evil, in all its forms, have nothing to do with bad books or leprous newspapers. Parents, know the names of the author and publisher of every book your children read, and especially those books they read at night, with the lamp by the bedside. In the company of a bad book, you may ruin in an hour what has been the work of a life-time. The way to ruin is cheap ; for ten or flfteon cents you can buy a book or paper that will damn you forever. 2. I warn you, keep your Imagination pure. Be more terrified at the presence of an impure thought than at the presence of a robber in your house at midnight. 3. Keep your conversation clean. Descend not to furtive flings of lustful wit. Resent, with all the lightning in you, the man or woman who retails in your presence the fllthiness of stray speech, or ill-chosen words. i. Have good, pure men and women for your companions, or walk alone all through life, till the pearly gates burst open at your touch, to let you Into the holy city beyond the clouds 5. Avoid all the modern excitants and stimulants of food or drink, that flre the blood and set the THE SHAKER. passions in a blaze. Live on simple food. Eat as little of animal food as possible, and you will have less of the animal to contend with in yourself. Avoid the midnight air of club rooms, billiard saloons, ball-rooms and restaurants. Thus you will have pure blood ~ for a man's blood always gives color to his morals. Lastly, Walk in the spirit—Rom. viii. 1-U.- 'For to be carnally minded is death, but to be spirituually minded ia life and peace.'