EDITORIAL NOTES A late number of TJie Spiritual Scientist presented nearly a page of good material, copied from our Daniel Fraser's ' Divine Afflatus,' duly credited, entitled ' The Future of Spiritualism.' Says Peebles : ' To be a spiritualist, is to hold conscious intercourse with the world of spirits, and to live a spiritual life — such as was Jesus Christ's.' This is excellent. Now, let us take this lantern, and discover how many spiritualists there really are — such as live the life Jesus did. That was a sad commentary on the unequal footing of general society, where a woman, with her three little ones, was driven by an unfeeling New York landlord from her garret, and had taken refuge on the grave of her husband in Greenwood, and where they were found quietly starving to death, amid the millions of dollars worth of useless furniture. Wherever there is a rich man or woman, let each remember that they are so, because some one else is made correspondingly poor. The words of Wordsworth are true to-day, as when he wrote: ' Homoless, near a thousand homes I stood, And near a thousand tables, pined and wanted food 1 ' A package by express the other day proved to be some home-made linen for our external wear, from that kind and thoughtful mother at Enfield, Conn., Anna Erving. All our gospel friends will forgive us, for immediately ejaculating for their benefit, something like Luke 10:37. We are in receipt of two valuable Sunday School periodicals: The Sunday School Times, Phila., Pa., and The National Sunday School Teacher, Chicago, 111., are conducted on very Bimilar principles. While both show exceeding care, and a desire to interest the little ones in scripture lessons, we are unable to decide which is the better. The ' Battle Axe' — a new periodical, published in the interests of peace! — by a thorough annihilation of theological errors. There can be none too many of such ; and we are very favorably impressed with the platform upon which it has started, and proposes to run. Address, Independent Tract Society, Worcester, Mass. The critical, surgical, annihilative commentary of Elder H. L. Eades, of South Union, Ky., in Religio Phil. Journal, Aug. 8, upon an article written by one Billings, a seceder from Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., was well merited, and handsomely imposed. We thought all the time we were reading it, we had rather be a Shaker than to be Billings ! We have received from the Editors of the American Agriculturist, N. Y., a copy of a small work on ' Broom corn and Broom making ' — one of the neatest little works imaginable. It is just such a digest as we have desired for a long time. We had already secured some material for such a work. On page 12, it refers to our people and their connection with broom corn as follows: ' It is said that the Shakers of Watervliet, N. Y., first made brooms for sale in 1798, though the plant was cultivated for home use some years previous to that time. Shakers and others, soon engaged in the business to what then seemed a large extent.' The brooms that were first made by us in this Society, were the 'round broom;' the handles being cut in the ' bush ' and smoothed with drawing knife and sand paper. The common and popular 'flat' broom, was invented and made by Theodore Bates; and the machine for turning the handles was first conceived and made by the late Jesse Wells, both of this place — Shakers, N. Y.