'THE TELL-TALE COMPASS.' THEODORE GORHAM Vessels in the merchant service plying year after year from one port to another, find it of great advantage to sail in as direct a line as is practically possible; for on the ocean as on land ' time is money.' Charts are prepared with great care, and furnished to Vessels, showing the most direct, that is, the shortest course to take in order to reach a given destination. It is a known fact that some of the lines of ocean steamers plying between New York and Liverpool make the trip month after month and do not vary one mile out of a given path. This would be an impossibility were it not for the mariner's compass. I shall not go into details about the compass, as all understand the principle on which it is constructed, but I will say that few except those who have tried it, know what vigilance and concentration of mind to say nothing of the physical labor it requires on the part of the man at the wheel to keep the needle pointing in a given direction in spite of tides and counter-currents for two and sometimes four consecutive hours. On board of well-regulated packets none but first-class seamen are allowed to steer the vessel, for every time the vessel goes even one point out of the way for a short time, it delays the ship just so much on her journey and she is just so much longer in reaching port. It used to be the custom and is still on many ships, thought necessary for the officers of the deck to occasionally look at the compass to ascertain if the wheelsman was faithfully performing his duty, but lately there has been devised what has been called by sailors the 'Tell-tale Compass.' This is fastened or hung overhead to the ceiling of the officer's cabin, face downward, the card of this compass is changed diametrically opposite on account of being inverted in order to make it agree with the compass on deck. The officer has only to cast his eye up to this ' tell-tale' in order to know how the ship heads, and if the poor sailor who may not have closed his eyes for the last twenty-four hours should neglect his duty for one minute, he might be informed of it in language not selected from scripture or the rules of the fastidious Chesterfield, but in a language which you will understand when I say is peculiar to sea captains. Moral : We all have a vessel to steer through the ocean of life, let us endeavor in spite of counter-currents and adverse winds to keep our ship straight in the path of rectitude, that the master when he looks into our hearts—'the tell-tale compass' — may ever find us faithful to our charge. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.