UNSELFISH LOVE J. M. PEEBLES The tendency of the spiritually minded is from grossness to refinement — from promiscuity to chastity — from chastity to holiness — from holiness to divinity. The higher the moral ambition, the more complete and victorious the virtue ! This Adauiic battle-ground cleared, the kingdom of God has come with its newness of life — 'Not according to the ilesh, but according to the spirit.' The Apostle John declared that he had passed from death unto life; because he loved the brethren. 27iis love can never degenerate into license, nor its liberty into anarchy ; for it is a principle, disrobed of earthly passion — a holy resurrection. All men are my brothers; all women my sisters; all children my children ; and I am every mortal's child. Deep is our interest in every infant born into earth life. Its destiny is linked with ours,and our love flows to it free, to all humanity free as God's sunlight. Let, then, our country be the universe ; our home the world ; our religion to do good ; our rest wherever a human heart beats in harmony with ours ; and our desire be to enkindle in the breasts of earth's millions the fires of aspiration, aiding them in their progress up the acclivities of life, even to the very gate of heaven. Let all the love that can be attracted THE SHAKER. 67 68 THE SHAKER. from our inmost being be appropriated by the poor, and the crushed, and the needy, and the fallen — by you, the world, the angels. Then will be actualized the words of Jesus — 'All mine are thine, and thine are mine.' During that precious pentecostal hour, when the divine afflatus streamed down in rivers of light from angelic abodes, not only ' many believed,' but they were so baptized into those unselfish loves of the spiritual world that they resolved to ' have all things in common.' When these universal loveprinciples are made practical the soil will be as free to all to cultivate as the air they breathe ; gardens will blossom and bear fruitage for the poor, and orphans will find homes in all houses, there drawn by the music of tenderest sympathy; the brows of toiling millions be wreathed with white roses — symbols of perpetual peace.