SPIRITUALISM F. W. EVANS The Ruling Church, when it believed in Spiritualism, persecuted Spiritualism as witchcraft and necromancy. It ceased to persecute Spiritualism only when it ceased to believe in its verity. The skepticism, or infidelity of Protestantism shut the door to the Spirit world — declared the canon of scripture closed — that all revelation had ceased. The Holy Scriptures — to be translated, revised and interpreted by the priesthood — remaining as the only guide and rule of faith and practice. When Protestant infidelity had thus abjured present revelation — denied its very existence, for either miracle or mischief, denied the existence of ghosts, or disembodied spirits, it affirmed that the dead lay buried in the soil of earth till the last trump should sound. Illogically, Protestants did believe in the devil and his imps, as the source of witchcraft. They hung, burned and tortured men, women and children, as real spiritual mediums. Yet did not believe in Christ Prophets and Prophetesses, whom God raised up to rebuke their own sorceries and murders. Protestantism is Infidelity — Atheism in its childhood. It was skepticism — Rationalism — not Christianity — that in the Church finally stopped the persecution of Spiritualists, in Old, as in New England. On the last trial for witchcraft, a woman accused of walking on her head, Judge Mansfield decided that she could so walk, if she chose, as no English law was thereby violated. When the angel of Spiritualism has, by his great power, confounded Church unbelief and infidelity, what will deter thai Church, if it possess the civil power, from treating Spiritualism as witchcraft, or necromancy ? SHAKER VILLAGE, III. 66 With the same faith and the same power as of old, the Church will make blood flow to the horses' bridles. Spiritualism ie furnishing the faith, and the Church works with indomitable energy to marry the state to gain the power. The People of these United States are like the dwellers upon the sides of Mt. Vesuvius. They await the upheaval of the internal fires and forces that will spread desolation far and wide. Let the Vesuvians remove from the mountain ; and let the United States citizens remove all Bibles from Public Schools — all Priests from public Institutions — Legislative Halls, Courts, Army and Navy, and it will be well. Otherwise, it is only a matter of time, when all are crying Peace and Safety, that sudden and overwhelming destruction will come upon this great American Republic.