PRAYER ELLEN ROSS Prayer is the guide to self-knowledge; inclining us to look after our errors in order to pray against them. It is a motive that prompts us to vigilance, teaching us to guard against those errors, which through self-examination we are enabled to detect. Prayer is an act prompted by the heart, and is to me one of the most sacred of subjects. Along the pathway of life, through our frequent waywardness, we are forced to acknowledge our dependence on holier influences, and thus we are inclined to ask aid of our heavenly Parents to assist us in resisting evil and doing good instead. As the tree, shrub or tender plant without the aid of air, moisture or sunlight bears neither blossom nor fruit, so must it bo with an individual who breathes no fresh atmosphere of hope ; is watered by no reviving and sustaining influences of prayer, neither warmed into life by the sunlight of confiding love through prayer. When I reflect upon the great ocean of human life, which, though governed by intelligence, has waves more turbulent, rocks and shoals more dangerous, then the vast ocean of waters that covers so much of the globe, I cannot suppress a feeling of gratitude to God that each and all may, through earnest intercession, realize strength and courage, equal to their needs. Prayer appears to me to be a beautiful law of our being ; necessary to the spirit's growth into higher conditions, and away from the mere sensual plane. Christ exhorted his disciples to ' pray without ceasing lest they enter into temptation ;' and is it any the less needful that his followers now should enter into^the same earnest, prayerful spirit ? Have we not to resist the temptations to sin as did the disciples of old 1 Surely in our present day of trial, we need to implore the Parent of love to open the fountains of truth and light to us. That soul which has been sustained by the sweet influences of prayer, is not content with its own spiritual well-being, but cheerfully exerts its noblest energies to bring others to the true light. It has been said, '_' the prayers of the righteous avail much.' Have we not a few righteous souls among us ? And if these, not having the ability to preach, would offer up their sincere and earnest prayers to God, for those who have not the night, and know not the way, would not their prayers avail something? Would not a rich blessing attend them ? I certaiuly feel so. The sincere prayer, humbly offered, gives reT H K S H J± K E R . lief to the tried soul, peace to the turbulent mind, and gladness to an aching, sorrowing heart. I speak too, from my own experience ; for often when I have felt my own weakness, and trials rolled roughly along my pathway, I have looked to the Divine source for strength to resist the current of temptation that swept over me. Often-times I have felt to exclaim, ''Sweet is the hour of prayer.' Had I not faith in prayer, and did I not place my confidenco in God, I am sure, long ere this my frail bark would have been overwhelmed by the waves of fierce temptation, and have been driven far from the peaceful shores upon which I now stand. ' Sweet is the holy hour of prayer.' Union Village, 0.