THE TONE OF THE CHURCHES Tins age is not termed a religious age; but we are assured that we live in a time, when genuine religion was never more prevalent than now. This evidence is manifested by the liberality so redundant, almost everywhere. Should Moody and Sankey prove failures otherwise, they must ever stand as the correct thermometers of the religious feelings of to-day. Wherever they have gone, the silent prayers of Moody, and the sweet songs of Sankey have taken the people by storm — a storm they have been waiting for a long time — a storm which even royalty has succumbed to, and which means, a storm, against which ' the gates of hell ' do not yet know how to prevail! Royalty and Peasantry alike have paid their tributes; and we common people, who live between, have clapped our hands and been very joyous over such an event. We have exclaimed: — ' The Millennium is Coming ;' and when the misanthrope has said: ' So is Christmas,' we have set the sails of our Patience to wait so long. We have clapped our hands, and said ' Amen ! ' just like any Methodist, and ' Oloky to God,' and ' So be it,' have not been uncommon nor idle expressions. We have clapped our hands, and said ' God Bless!' — any and everyone who will break down these aristocratic barriers to true religion — fine sense and ' our church ' — and we stand ready to ' leap with joy ' at the expected evidences of liberality that shall say: ' We do not care what you believe, if you are honest. Are you sincerely seeking the Christ? If your lives bespeak for you the evidence that Christ is with you, away with all man made tenets, barriers and partitions. Let us take hands upon the Christ life; let us live it, at any, every expense of ourselves and our particular church, and Amen !' is the universal chorus. And now more than ever seems to be the cry : ' Let us love Jesus,' and ' Live like Jesus ;' and ' Live with Jesus!' recognizing the truth, that if we ever live with Jesus, we must live like Him. Never was Spiritualism so dull, nor Methodism so equipendent; Episcopalianism has used up its reserve; and Presbyterianism experienced all, and more than it wanted of the closest communion ; while Con gregationalism finds there is something besides its idols to worship — to live and to die for! The Baptists are living — for better purposes,— they love their neighbors better; while the various this and thai of theology bring up the rear of chorus, that the millennium ia so near. If we go to the Celestial Empire, we are pleased with its progress and salutes ; and we are assured that Mohammedan will soon kisa the Greek Church with other than lips of blood. The Tenor of the Churches means a religious peace — a cessation, even an indifference, to the most selfish theology. As Jews, as Christians, as Mohammedans, as Protestants, Catholics, and as Siiakeks, we are nearly ready to agree, that he or she who lives the best life, is the best man or woman, and the best representative religionist,