OUR SAVIOUR ELIJAH MYRICK Tins oft-repeated phrase, by force of tradition, centers the mind on the man Jesus, as the Saviour. Ho was, indeed, one of the world's saviours, by living and teaching ' the way, the truth and the life.' The power of salvation has always been trusted to the perishable arks of human frailty. Hence the eternal progress of truth and light cannot be taken upon the authority of any individual as a finalty ; though they may lead in the way, and become saviours, by their precepts and examples of holy living. It is not sufficient authority that Jesus, or any one, predicated their rule of life upon certain principles ; the basis of these principles — the result of so living — the cause and effect as exemplified in their lives, is the only test — the evidence for an acceptable pattern and guide. With all due respect to the individual, the prophet, it is ours to understand the primary moving cause, as our rule of action, our saviour, as really as they. 'And why, even of yourselves, judge ye not what is right?' What Christianity has done for one mortal, it can do for another. The interior germ of Christ is as indestructible as God — the foundation — the star of hope that never sets. It needs the heavenly, the divine atmosphere to develop it into life and growth. And they who have been most baptized ; who have ascended nearest the apex of human possibilities, are saviours, inasmuch as by precept and example they draw others up to their attained elevation. We see in the Christian dispensation an important evolution in human progress, the resurrection from the natural, the rudimental, to the spiritual, the angelic ; and in it is God's divine economy to check excess of population, no more to 'destroy men's lives, but to save them.' We see in that divinely-inspired Hebrew youth, a man, a right true man, obedient to a higher law; in no sense a celestial, aborigian exotic, transplanted to earth. But the then highest, mortal type of the divine — a noble man — becomes a ' son of God.' Dependence on past saviours has ever been the bane of individual advancement. Salvation and propitiation rested in the hands of mediators long ago departed. Orphans clinging to the garments of their ancestors, hoping to extract life from what once covered the living: accepting embalmed virtue for the bread and waters of life; for pastures, cultivated fields, forever green. With such a sense of dependence, of infancy, where is the growth into full Christian stature? WThere the voice of courage and aggression against the citadel of sin ? Are not those saviours who bear the ark of the covenant of truth in their own hands ? Who overcome the world and walk in the way of the truth and the light ? Those who go down into the waters, and uplift fallen humanity, and minister to them till they arc also lifted up — saved ? Such are saviours, present saviours, whose lives are so many monuments of heroic manliness, and holy living, to mark how high the tides of divine life have risen on earth. It bids us take courage, and be glad, for what man has done, he may do: ' yea, and greater works.' For God is not exhausted, nor the fount of inspiration dried up. By obedience to Christ — the divine, inherent in man, Jesus became a son of God. And to all who look, for his second appearing, I would say, 'Already Christ is come.' Christ has appeared in ' a cloud ' of living witnesses for truth, who have exchanged the world for heaven's diviner truths, and are working for the growth of their souls. Jesus gave us the proof-sheet of his best endeavors. Let us read it with the eye of reason, and hearken with the ear of understanding ; and with him go on to perfection, singing the song of never-ending joy. Such are the world's saviours. Harvard, Mass,