BY WHOSE AUTHORITY? Hero aro some Shaker lladicals. However unpleasant, are they true? Ciiiustianity that is popular to-day ia very unlike the original. Reveling in the name, the majority of men and women live no better than before the introduction of Christianity. Do they live nearly as well ? Christianity intended the conversion of Jews and Gentiles. Prom what? Jesus called the fisher men. Some were married, some were not. Jesus taught marriage to be good under Judaism ; but there was something better to be observed under Christianity. Consequently, the unmarried entered a chaste, Christian virginity — so did the married — and all became as brethren and sisters. Those who had private, personal property, ' great possessions,' gave to the poor — shared their substance with the church, and became no more wealthy than its poorest members. It was the glory of the Jews to war. Jesus taught the only good of war, and of any retaliation whatever, to have been prior to the ' new gospel' he was commissioned to introduce. Before Jesus, the Church and Caesar were one. Jesus urged a distinction. Popular Christianity has revoked these credentials. It makes a sacrament of marriage — destroying even the appearance of virginity. By whose authority ? THE 69 Men of ' great possessions ' are invited and needed by it; and the comparative pittance they bestow upon the poor does not change the complexion of the distinction of rich and poor found among the churches. By whose authority are the rich men and women retained in any Christian church? By whose authority must the poor continue to share so unequally? War is a very respectable feature of modern Christianity, so called. During invasion or rebellion popular Christianity has made Peace, and Peace Societies disreputable. Captains, Colonels and Generals of unchristian, savage war, are the ornaments of churches called Christian. Soldiers carry the New Testament in their knapsacks — presented by war-loving Bible Societies — which scriptures particularly applaud and teach of the Prince of Peace, whose ' servants do not, will not fight;' yet these same soldiers are taught by their churches and chaplains, not to ' forgive their enemies' until after they have killed them! The American Peace (?) Society, during the late rebellion, found itself obnoxious to the churches ; and it ' Resolved; That we call this no war, but a merited castigation upon a slaveholding, rebellious community!' 'No war,' indeed! Again, we call attention : The popular Christianity of to-day is not genuine Christianity. It does not 'follow me' — Jesus. It is not a virgin j church, but violates, by its sacraments, rather j than protects and preserves virginity. It fostera pride and lust, riches and poverty — i and these have ever transformed the true ! church into a devil's harem. By whose authority are there rich and poor members of any church called Christian? We need a Jesus, with a power equal to ' a whip made of large cords.' The popular churches of today compose and present an unequaled Babylon— mixture of church and State — and almost complete expulsion of genuine Christianity. This is a thinking age. People will no longer be hoodwinked by priestly paraphernalia and craft. They begin to see the errors of man-made creeds — ambushes of unmeaning words — by which selfish, ungodly men have led the people blindly — forsaking the true faith, under pay of the devil and the applause of the people. ' Oh, that He would come,' and ask the popular churches in ' the broad way,' by whose authority, the pattern — the Church of Pentecost — has been so completely reversed ? Men and women! think of these things, as applying to us individually. The Church of Christ will ever be unpopular with those who love not the life of Jesus well enough to live it — yet, 'they that are ashamed of me, and of my words, of them I will be ashamed.' Herein is presented the radical testimony of Shakerism against popular, worldly Christianity. Is it needed ? Will it be heeded? Will not the people awake to honesty, denying not Christ, but themselves, and ask with us, BY WHOSE AUthority the order of the christian Church has been so thoroughly reversed ?