SOCIETY RECORD The Ministry of Mt. Lebanon and Watervliet loft the latter place on Aug. 1, for an extended tour of all the Western Societies. Let us all yearn for them a successful journey. Also, let us remind our western brethren that, though they are strong in spirit and for the Cause, they must use some care not to overwork them, and lot them return on time. Shakers, N. Y. Shakers, N. Y. Crops coming in splendidly. Hay and grain an abundant yield —best quality. Fruits of smaller varieties, excepting Raspberries only medium crop. Apples, Pears, etc., promises most largoly,|whilo the gardeners, broom and sweet corn growers are counting- a relief by dollars, not far distant. Health apparently superb. The Colorado bug troubled our earl]) potatoes considerably—in some families bushels were picked from tho vines, and their fates were 'tho end!' -£ Enfield, N. H. Enfield, N. H. An intenso drouth still prevails. Nevertheless, crops coming In satisfactorily. An especial good word for potatoes ; which, notwithstanding the immense army of beetles, have done well. Busy lingers have, in days and weeks, destroyed mil----hundreds of thousands! Sales of brooms and seeds moderate. The dairy good. From the average of 30 cows, seventy cheeses have been produced, besides 65 or 70 lbs. of butter woekly. Sixteen calves reared. Pail and Tub business resting; but must begin again soon. ' Hope so, we want one.' Health of Society good; and we report goneral prosperity throughout, -fe Enfield, Conn. Enfield, Conn. Bro. Richard Van Deusen has a pear orchard of four acres, which we almost imagine, this season he challenges the world with. The Church Family havo begun a new Dwelling House —form of Greek Cross —96 feet long, and cross-wise. This building is to bo heated by steam. New Depot being built by tho Society. Albert Battles is proposed as P. M. for a now P. O. Hereafter, friends! direct all letters for Enfield, Conn., to ' Shaker Station, Hartford Co., Conn.' Bro. B. S. Kellogg, we are glad to hear, is improving. Get up, and well. -jjj Groveland, N. Y. GROVELAND, N. Y., about this time is experiencing a refreshing season of Mt. Lebanon baptism. Although wheat is only moderate, yet no complaint is heard of tho general appearance and harvest of crops. Zeal generally is prevalent at the Centre, and that 'happy family ' at tho west continues ' happy.' -fa Hancock, Mass. Hancock, Mass. A passage through this village lately, inspired our heart of hearts with much hope. There is much of God in Hancock, —for order prevailed. Fences, buildings, ('many new ones,) wero superior to tho heretofore, and the kindness of Bro. Ira Lawson unequaled. *fe Canterbury, N. H. Canterbury, N. H. The hay crop is secured, every load of the same gathered in best condition. Blue berries thick, fifty bushels will bo gathered by our families this season. Health of Society remarkably good in view of tho hot weather we have had. Sorry to Tiear of one case (A. C. S.) that has been very bad, but glad to hear of the convalescence, and the acknowledged causes —unphysiological conditions. Public audiences too largo for tho house of worship —have had thoughts of taking up contributions for its extension. People in this neighborhood of the best class, but poor as we are (!) and wo have but little hopes of the desired amount. The reason of their poverty must be because they are so good. ^ Being in the closest accord with our Publisher, we urge an immediate, and comforting response, to the Circular he has so recently issued to tho various trusteeships individually; and may each response be a hearty Amen ! yy Bright Side The Bright Side. — Dr. Johnson used to say that a habit of looking at the best side of every event is better than a thousand pounds a year. Bishop Hall quaintly remarks, 'For every bad there might be a worse, and when a man breaks his leg, let him be thankful that it was not his neck.' When Fenelon's library was on fire, 'God bo praised,' ho exclaimed, 'that it was not the dwelling of some poor man. This is the true spirit of cheerfulness and submission — one of the most beautiful traits that can possess the human heart. Resolve to see this world on the sunny side, and you havo almost won the battle of life at the outset. No cross, no crown No Cross, no Crown. — Coleridge remarked, that the temper of tho present age inclines it to every enervating indulgence. Men appear to think tho Christian armor an unnecessary incurubrance; they have no desire to engago in any combat, to undergo any trial: if religion is to bo cultivated, it must be as one of the jftiie aria — as an element of belles-lettres ; they forgot or despise the saying of Bishop Patrick, that there is no passage to celestial glory but by some crocs; that we must suffer with Christ, as well as confess Him, if wo would be with Him in Paradise.