NOTES BY THE WAY—NO. 3 H. C. BLINN Choice op Language:—While we cherish with fondness, the hope that the future will abound in the perfected gifts of our kind Heavenly Father, we cannot wholly throw off the pressing responsibilities of the present, which are really the stepping-stones to that state of millennial blessedness. The beautiful adornings which the Christian graces so abundantly proffer to us, are greatly enhanced by the careful cultivation of every department of the mind. While we admire all that gives to it tone or character, we have at this time chosen to dwell more particularly upon the right use of Language, As the object of all Christian teaching is to encourage a cultivation of the better qualities of man, it would seem that great care should be exercised in the selection of the words which we speak or write. We should study to so express ourselves, that we may favorably impress those who dwell within the circle of our influence. It is too often the case that reverential subjects are sadly mutilated by the introduction of coarse and even vulgar expressions. Instead of carefully selecting from the thousands of words those which will induce an elevating conception, and upon which we may look with pleasure, even as upon the heavenly constellations, we are too often treated with the very reverse. Like the florist, who, among his beautiful flowers, cultivates those which are unsightly and even noxious, simply because they are more readily obtained. Our Father, through one of His prophets, has said, ' I will turn to my people a pure language.' A language, ah, a language that men and angels may use and not be ashamed. Why should we not do all in our power to have this prophecy fulfilled in our lives t In this we work with the Lord for His honor and our peace. Defective orthography and false syntax are far preferable to the coarse and undisciplined manner of speaking, which enters so largely into our conversation. Why use the refuse of language any more than the refuse of food ? It is contaminating not only to the breath of the speaker, but to the ears and mind of the hearer. Let us study simplicity, not affectation, and write and speak as we would in the presence of the angels of God. If the subject is upon that which is spiritual, heavenly — the language should correspond. Every sentence should be infused with the spirit of the beatitudes, and every word chosen with that care which the theme demands. If the inspiration of prayer becomes the leading object of the mind, pray also that a reverential spirit may dictate the expres sions which are made, lest we betray ourselves in speaking or writing that of which the ungodly will be ashamed. Avoid extremes. How beautifully and peacefully some will lead us along up through wisdom's path of pleasantness to the very gates of the New Jerusalem, and then in one breath dash us among the swine, and to their wallowing in the mire. If perchance we are led to speak or write of the lake which burneth, as some say, with brimstone and fire, no less care should be exercised than in the preceding. . There can be no propriety in the careless use of words, even in the denunciation of that which is obnoxious to the spirit of the pure in heart. Shaker Village, N. H.