CORRESPONDENCE Enfield, N. H. Aug. 9th, 1876 G. A. Lomas, Editor, Shakers, N. Y. Dear Friend: — Allow me to give expression to the promptings of my inner life, in praise and commendation of the precious truths and principles so ably and manfully advocated in The Shaker, and which are so much needed at the present time, and which were also uttered forth to the world by our Lord and master Jesus Christ, when here on earth personally, who said 'I am the way, the truth and the life.' It is high time I sincerely believe, for humanity to pause, think, consider watchfully and prayerfully the signs of the times at what a poor rate the majority of souls are now living, so far away from the teachings of Jesus, his life. True spiritualism and true Shakerism, I believe, must step to the front of priestcraft, sectarianism and old theology, take the lead in the broad, universal religion of Jesus of Nazareth, free for all, without money and without price. May God, His angels, ministering spirits, speedily help us all to be wise for ourselves and choose that better part and live it, which can never be taken away from us. Then as said Jesus we can truthfully exclaim 'The kingdom of God is within us.' Respectfully, WM. G. DENNISON To Cecelia Devyr. July 28,1876 163 Jackson St., Brooklyn My Dear Cecilia:—My departure was so hurried that I was unable to say many things to you that were on my mind during my stay among your people. I wished to thank you for your kindness and interest in a personal stranger, and to express my unqualified admiration of your high aims and pure life, and of the complete success which has attended your efforts toward the founding of a social system ruled by brotherly love. You have attained the ideal life for which poets and philosophers have longed in all ages. Your mutual love and confidence are perfect and undisturbed, and you earn your living and enjoy it in the fullest sense of the word. All this is what constitutes a happy, earthly life —a truly happy and enviable one. For futurity, if there be such a prospect before us, I suppose those who are good now will be blessed hereafter. Could I but agree with you upon this all important point, how quickly would I fly from the vanities and disappointments of the world to your sweet haven of peace, your heaven upon earth. It might be wrong in me to yield to such selfish impulse, and leave a devoted mother at a time when she most needs my companionship; and to prevent this, destiny has placed an insurmountable barrier between me and temptation. Well, I believe after all I can find great usefulness in the world, and perhaps some form and degree of happiness as well. In the meantime I shall be a regular Shaker missionary, raising my voice wherever I go, in defense of your principles, as practiced by yourselves, and in description of your happiness therein. If I can aid, by a mite's worth an order of people having such virtuous and healthy minds, I shall certainly feel it my duty to do so. Yours truly, ELLEN E. KENYON