MOTHER GIRLING F. W. EVANS [We had just put the preceding article in type, when we received from Elder Evans, the following article — an answer to our query, as to what he knew of Mother Girling. Our readers will be pleased with the remarks of this, our radical champion. Whatever Elder Evans says gives a sound of certainty—no halfway dealing nor compromises. It will be observedj however, that when he says 'they are the most orthodox,' he means an orthodoxy that is heterodox Shakerism. Ed.] I have corresponded with the Girling woman and her people ever since they were organized. James Haase, a leading member of Mother Girling's household, received faith in Shakerism, and came over from England, to unite with the Society. This led to the Girlingites being called Shakers, in England. They had no right to the name. Of all sects, they are the most orthodox. To them the Protestant Scriptures, j ust as they stand, are the word of God — Jesus is the Christ. They fully accept his doctrine of physical resurrection— believe he did rise, bodily, from the tomb, and was the first resurrected man; that all true believers will be resurrected as he was, even as Paul and other apostles believed and taught. They hold the physical resurrection as do the Catholics and Protestants. They claim that Jesus has made his second appearance in the Girling woman ; that the judgment day is near, in which the dead in Christ are to rise first, but the Girlingites are of those who will be alive at his coming — are, even now, resurrected, so that she and her people will never die physically. They are warning the world, like second adventists, which they really are, and nothing else. The only difference between them and the popular sects, is, they believe the scriptures, and act accordingly, whilst the protestant sects believe the scriptures, but do not act logically in accordance with that faith or belief. The Shakers do not hold the scriptures as the word of God (plenarily), nor believe that either Jesus or the apostles were infallible in word or doctrine, as the Pope is said to be. To the Shakers, the resurrection is rising from the Adamic to the Christ plane — from generation to spiritual celibacy. To them, the kingdom has come, is in the Shaker Order, and with the Shaker people. In Celibacy; Community of goods; Confession of sins; non-resistance and Spiritualism; the Girlingites hold with the Shakers. But with the Girlingites, the science of spiritualism is used to induce divers operations in public, exhibiting manifestations of freedom between the sexes bordering upon, or suggestive of Free Love practices. They have ecstatic dancing with endearing embracing, and osculation. Shakers hold that spiritualism, and the spirits of the old prophets, or modern ministering angels, should be subject to the testimony of Jesus and Ann; that even under the operation of the most sacred gifts of God, it is good for a man not to touch a woman, in any such physical manner as is peculiar to Free Love Spiritualists, Girlingites or the Oneida Community. First, pure ; then peaceable. Second, pure in spirit, avoiding even the appearance of sensuality, is the Shaker motto.