'JESUS WEPT.' SARAH ANN NEAL In reading the Book of books, we learn that our beautiful, Christian leader was ' a man of sorrow and acquainted with grief,' to such an extent, that it is stated 'he often wept.' Now, when Jesus came to perform his Godordained mission it was a time when spiritual darkness reigned, and human nature had grown almost inexorable in its perverseness. His mission was the ushering in of a new kingdom of God, which was to be established upon the earth; he therefore necessarily became the exponent of new truths, which were directly diametrical to those of the earthly order. Jesus, knowing that this new departure from written creeds was a move that would create for himself many enemies, and cause him much sorrow, still felt the force of his mission, and, realizing the power that guided him, faltered not to perform it; and, ere the good spirit had suffered his toil-worn body to be crucified on Calvary's cross, he had established, under divine guidance, a plan of salvation whereby humanity could regain its lost perfection. This done, his beautiful soul went home to God, to dwell in the joys of the heavenly kingdom. But it was not the work of a moment, to lay the foundation of a new order of life, wherein only fruits of righteousness should grow; for our precious Saviour passed years in toiling and weeping for the growth of those principles, which he knew to be emanations from a divine source. Truly those were days of darkness in which Jesus sowed the seeds of godly truth and watered them with tears, that they might grow to the glory of God. But he lived in earth-life only sufficiently long to see but few who felt the power of his call — to come up and live the higher life — when, having performed his mission, his peaceful spirit left the material form, then spiked to the cross. Still, a few had accepted the teachings of Jesus, and gathered to him as true disciples, keeping the principles intact so long as they lived. And, indeed, they have remained intact since their first communication to mankind; and we, who claim a discipleship to Christianity, have them now, to toil for, and, if need be, to weep for, that they may grow in our souls and develop our characters, even to the Christ standard; then shall we be able to impart a saving influence that will help others to improve their conditions. But ' Jesus wept,' and shall we not sip from that cup of sorrow, from which he drank so freely, and with him weep also ? Yea, very many times, rather than stand with idle indifference, and see the truth go down ! Surely we will strive for the truth, that we may share with him that peace which is beyond the strife. Although we have seen Jesus to be a man of sorrow, we know he was not wholly a stranger to joy; for he found a joy even in the midst of sorrow, by doing his Father's will; and precious to his soul, and fraught with joy, were those seasons he enjoyed in communion with his divine parentage, which never forsook him while he remained an earth-toiler. Those were seasons in which he became endowed with a strength which lifted him above all human error, for it is written, 'he partook of the nature of man, and was tempted in all points, but without sin.' Thus we have before us an example of perfection — a beacon light that points the soul upward for salvation. And may we find strength, even as did Jesus, to meet the sorrows which the cross brings, with a smile of patience, and bear them with such Christian fortitude that will work for our souls an eternal good. Let us commune with the good spirit, as he did ; for, precious to every true Christian are those seasons, when the soul, alone with God, can weep and toil for its deliverance from the temptations and sins of darkness. And, finally, let us build up the principles of Jesus, by overcoming every evil propensity in our natures, that we may say, with Christ, ' we have overcome the world.'