IS AM LEE COME AGAIN? The following article appeared originally in The Isle of Wight' Erwig,' and more recently in The London Spiritualist. It will be read with great interest by our thousands of readers. To any one, familiar with the earliest history of our Shakerism, and of our more modern experiences with Spiritualism, the question we ask above will almost force itself upon them. We are very happy that the inclinations of this spiritual movement, called after our unpopular cognomen, should be conducive of such Christian fruits as ' each for all, and all for each.' Let us watch these Shakers closely; and if we can learn more of Christ from them, than we commonly practice, our watching may lead us to review and reconsider gospel teachings of at least a century ago, and continued on our statutes ever since. ' Love thy neighbor as thyself ' was good ; yet it was improved by ' esteeming others better than yourselves ;' and when opportunity is given for the practical demonstration of these Christian principles in commune life, let us all — churches of every denomination professing Christ, and particularly the American Shaker Church — look to oui laurels, and ' let no one take our crowns.' If the spirit which moves the Girling Shakers be of God, it will inevitably lead them into all godly behavior. And while we hope and pray that it may be a genuine revival of the Pentecostal Spirit, let us, with the light of God now in our possession, be determined that no hills of godliness shall overtop our Mount Zion. -fa THE PSYCHOLOGICAL PHENOMENA OF THE GIRLING SHAKERS CRITICALLY EXAMINED. That mesmerism does not furnish an elucidation of the Shaker mystery has been, we consider, conclusively established by a well-known clergyman in a neighboring town, who visited the Shaker party privately during their stay at Portsmouth. From the published account of his visit we extract the following: — 'During the early part of the singing, one of the sisters was noticed to be under influence. With eyes closed, and a quiet, rapt, and beautiful expression of face, she began to speak — mirabile dictu — in Hebrew. She then made signals to another sister, who came over to her, and standing embraced at one time, and kneeling at another, this sister soon came under influence, and began to interpret what the other uttered. Then, after a time, the order was reversed, and the second sister began to speak in Italian, while the first translated for her; and one was voluble in French, who, as I afterward ascertained, knew no French in her normal state, and who while speaking was characteristically French all over. And so prayers, quotations of Scripture, and sweet, sisterly, tender, and playful conversations on spiritual things took place between them in various tongues, together with a little singing of exquisite sweetness — weird and spiritual on the part of one — in what to me appeared like Hindostanee. 'After a time Mrs. Girling herself came under influence, and began to talk in verse or rhyme, for her speech ran in couplets, and there was much ingenuity in making the words jingle. I also found that in her ecstacy she had the power of mind-reading, since she somewhat, and rhythmically, set forth various matters that were uppermost in my thoughts. Much that she said was utter nonsense, of course, but all that was said was said in rhyme, rapidly and with considerable action, which, after a little space, culminated in a positive dance, or easy roundabout jump — 78 THE arms waving, and lips pi*odigal of verse at the same time.' The Rev. Thomas Colly has done good and important service to the Shakers, though we suspect the publication of his letter has led them to look upon him somewhat as one who entered their society as a spy. His scholarly training has qualified him to explode the mesmeric theory that the whole Community are poor biologized subjects of the 'designing and wicked mother.' His visit to the Shakers has scarcely, however, as we think, established a close similitude between their trance phenomena and those obtained through the acknowledged spirit medium. There is, so to speak, a uniqueness about the former, certain constant distinctive features differing from the ordinary spiritual phenomena; such for instance as the beyond measure strange phrase called 'passing from life to death, and from death to life,' during which, we are assured, the vital functions are often to all appearence completely suspended, and a horrible odor of death emanates from the body, though consciousness is in a measure retained. Again, the spirit mediums, nearly one and all, declare that the exercise of their medial powers has a very exhausting tendency. The Shakers, on the contrary, constantly assure us that the influence of the spirit which controls them is in the highest degree conducive to bodily health, and that they feel strengthened and refreshed even after one or two hours of continuous dancing; this statement is certainly substantiated by the healthful condition of the family under conditions which would have killed or invalided for life, at least, one-half of one hundred and twenty persons taken at hap-hazard from amongst us. But there are further differences to perplex and mystify us. We have often heard of the controlling intelligence at spirit circles personating Christ, and even the ' Holy Spirit,' but we do not remember to have ever heard of the case of a medium who was obsessed by but one spirit only; other spirits invariably intrude, and say their say. On the contrary the Shakers present the astonishing fact of a hundred or more mediums drawn together by some occult influence, all acted upon, as they distinctly assert, solely by an intelligent power that sinks all individuality in the 'Holy Spirit.' The singularity of the Shaker phenomena does not, however, end even here. The ordinary spiritual medium is a very different person in physical, mental, and moral tendencies to the New Forest Shaker; at least, so far as we can discover. There is the authority of the editor of the Spiritual newspaper for the statement, that a proportion of physical mediums are, either from natural predisposition, or mad© so by the tyrannical action of the degraded spirits who sometimes surround them, most unlimited liars—the cunning fabricators of complete dramas of malicious fictions, and are the slaves of an abnormal jealousy of each other, so strangely fierce as to have no parallel in any thing ever witnessed among average mortals. This statement is made to apply to mediums who obtain strong physical manifestations, but we have grounds for the opinion that among mediums for the higher intellectual phenomena, there exists a prevalence of moral idiosyncrasies that are often not of an elevating nor unselfish character. Now we have certainly not been able to detect the least evidence of this shocking deceitfulness and intense selfishness, or other minor moral weaknesses, among these Hordle mediums. It is true that some points of resemblance may be discovered between the Shaker phenomena and those witnessed in ecstatics and convulsionaries, vast waves of which strange influence swept over Morzine, on the borders of France, and over Madagascar a few years since, violently affecting immense numbers of their populations; and some still closer points of resemblance can be traced in revivals and 'Twirling Glories ' of our own country. After all, however, there is about the Hordle revival outbreak a constant, lofty, practical purpose cropping out of its seemingly ridiculous and weird mysteries, which, together with the abnormal power of endurance it confers, has puzzled men of deep thought and wide experience. The Rev. A. Clissold, an ordained clergyman, and, moreover, a Swedenborgian, and therefore more familiar with ecstatic spiritual phenomena, after watching them with almost persecuting tenacity, acknowledges himself beaten. Mr. Auberon Herbert, another neighbor (a man of wide reputation as a powerful and unconventional thinker), cannot believe in the imposture theory, seeing that he is willing to give them any thing they may require if they will but ask him for it — a severe test to people very often with empty bellies and an empty purse. Mr. Cowper Temple, 'the son of Earl Cowper, nephew of Lord Melbourne, brother-in-law to the Earl of Shaftesbury, step-son of Lord Palmerston, and inheritor of his name and estates,' can scarcely be a man likely to lend his interest to a set of 'disgusting and blaspheming impostors.' They must have fully secured his respect and his confidence in their moral qualities, if nothing more, before he would have permitted one of them to escort Mrs. Cowper Temple, in to dinner. And it was such as these whom the intelligent Christian people of the Island sought to wipe their feet upon. Supreme as the contempt in which the Shakers are held alike by the 'Liberal' and the conservative working-classes, and hated and scorned as they are by nearly all professing Christians, they present to us the much-needed, highly instructive example of a Community of all ages and both sexes holding their property in common; living together amicably, without jars or wrangling, under the noble principle embodied in their motto — 'each for all and all for each;' bound together by bonds of attachment, seemingly of almost superhuman strength, supporting them under privations, which to recount, would read more like extravagant fiction than actual human experiences. In short, Shakerism seems veiled in deeper mystery than either mesmerism or Spiritualism. Its religious aspect is wholly beyond our apprehension, but the outcome which it presents — a party of industrious Communists, cruelly deprived of their means of support, who avow their determination to starve, if need be, rather than become chained slaves to fill the coffers of the Mammonites — challenges our respect and admiration.— The London Spiritualist.