MUSIC -NO. 10 J. G. RUSSELL Expression.—Last, but not least in the art of vocal rendering, comes the subject universally known by the term expression. In fact, it is so far from being least, that it is the greatest and most important point for recognition. Taken thus up for commentation at so late a period in this series of articles is to be accounted for from the fact that it is not only the most difficult point for singers to attain, but that it also becomes the grand completion of musical effect. It not only embraces the various rules and principles of musical notation, but it comprehends also the deepest and most genuine feelings of the singer. It is, in short, the soul of music. With much veracity it might be asserted that in a majority of cases singers fail to reach this most desirable point, and in consequence of this failure, the severest condemnation is often pronounced, not only upon the unsuccessful performer, but even upon the science itself, alleging that its mechanical process, renders musical effect void of life and soul-stirring ministration. This critical view of the case may not be altogether groundless, but the question for consideration is, whether this musical failure arises from an attempt to reach the desired point through scientific appliances, or from some other causes not so apparent in the eye of the critic. In joining issue upon this debatable point, the writer would emphatically declare his belief — which has nearly become knowledge — that the fault lies not with the science, neither with the singer, if sufficient time has not been stipulated for reaching that degree of proficiency requisite for insuring successful results. But the assertion is often made that singers, after commencing their scientific course of music culture, do not manifest so much energy and spirit in singing as they did before entering upon their scientific course. Without denial of this assertion, we will reason from facts just as they exist. Individual, or solo singing, may be beautiful in effect, even when the performer knows little or nothing about music, scientifically, 8HAKEE. THE SHAKER for the reason that one mind controls the performance ; and whatever may be the violations of scientific laws, they are unsubjected to the clashing which would be sure to result from a plurality of voices, as in the latter case the performance is superintended by as many minds as there are singers, all of whom must be more or less at variance with each other, either in pitch, rhythm, or power of tone. Viewed in the light of solo effect, non-scientists may claim the supremacy in certain cases, but not in all, as will soon appear. One great and grand law, superseding all others, of the science of music, is, that every tone in a musical performance must be given by a perfect union of voices. Now, with scientists, in regard to pitch, rhythm, and power of tone, the mind of one is the mind of all; therefore clashing may be just as foreign in chorus effect as it can be in solo effect. Again, when expression demands — as is sometimes the case — a departure from the established laws of music, the scientists, knowing the groundless position they occupy, yield their judgments at once to the unlimited control of a leader, and thereby preserve the same harmony of action they maintained before the interruption took place — a feature not discoverable with non-scientists. But there is another point for consideration, which has as much to do with musical effect, and even more with individual cases, than all that has yet been up for discussion, and that is the management of the voice. Many voices are badly managed, and this fault is alarmingly prevalent among non-scientists, though, to do them justice, it should be added that a few of this class were endowed by nature with remark able voices, that, in a personal point of view, no scientific culture could much improve; but in a great majority of cases, this class of voices manifest, prematurely, a lamentable failure, often a total wreck, arising many times simply through ignorance in management. But we must here leave the subject where it now stands, promising, however, to clear it up to completion at some future time, simply observing, as a temporary close, that however great or remarkable the endowments of nature may have been, or however much in the spirit we may sing, we can render the. praises of God to perfection only as we sing ' with the spirit, and with the understanding also.'