WHERE GOD IS Mt. Lebanon, Sept. 29,1876. Beloved Editor : September number is good ;'l Our Saviour,' and ' By Whose Authority,' I like ; ' Social Impurity '— plain, but true — will do good. My letter to Elder Abraham should be published — it is time. The highest form of virtue, now, is among the skeptics to all false theologies. A hundred years ago, the most spiritual good was with the Orthodox and the Dissenting Sectarians, and the Witnesses. To-day, God is more perfectly revealed in some who deny, or doubt the existence of a Supreme being, than in the Christian Priesthood. Works, not faith; facts, not faction; acts, not words; lives, not creeds, are the most pregnant with the good. God is good; God is truth. The hearts of men and women, not their whims and notions — their intellectual conceptions, or cloudy plans and systems — are what God looks at; be sure of that. God is in the liberal, the scientific, the land reformer, the woman's rights advocate, the physiologist, the moral regenerators, the cfioperator and communist — seekers after righteousness upon humanitarian grounds — who so love their fellow-men that their whole lives, fortunes and sacred honor are pledged as guaranties of their unselfishness. These love God, and they worship Him and Her, in spirit, through the truth they teach and practice. And God cares no more for their lip negations, than he cares for the lip affirmations of those who say they are religious, yet who are monopolizing the earth, so that the meek cannot inherit it—by a financial system of bank robbery and its concomitants — in usurping man-power in all church and state organizations, are acting out devilism. This is a day of substance. Theological shadows are passing away like fogs upon the mountains when the sun rises, it shining in strength and glory. The new earth is gradually coming up out of the general chaos, like a new continent rising out of the sea. The new heavens are coming down from God, by Divine revelation. As the light of the natural sun bursts through the clouds of the earth, so shall the coming of the sons and daughters of man be. Having commenced, they will keep coming, the path of the right doer being like the sun that shines brighter and brighter until the meridian is attained. Yours, F. W. Evans