THE GREAT PEACE (?) CONVENTION We hoped large results from the first decade meeting of the so-called ' Universal Peace Union,' lately held in Philadelphia, and at which we had two delegates — Elders F. W. Evans and Henry Cummings — but are sorry to say that, as a Peace assembly, it was a positive failure. We have studiously pored over The Voice of Peace reports, and are surprised at such a waste of time, opportunity and breath, and the production of so little in the interests of Peace. We learn from other individuals at the meetings, that an inharmonious spirit was continually present. Men and women may cry ' Peace, Peace ; but there will be no Peace,' until they defeat the devil of war in his kingdom — in the lusts of humanity. (See James, 4:1.) All beating round the bush is valueless ; all trimming of the war tree unprofitable ; all issue of proclamations and resolutions are unworthy the paper upon which they are written, compared to the ' putting away the causes of war ' — the lusts for the flesh and for land. Elder Evans did his duty. We quote from the Voice of Peace some of his remarks, the best portions of which were excluded, being too radically right for such a Peace advocate : Elder Frederick W. Evans, Shaker, said : The real causes of war that exist in the human soul itself, that have made Christian men and women, and Christian nations, hate one another, so that they have been engaged in war and fighting as a business of life for the last eighteen hundred years, are still unknown. THREE KINDS OF WAR. So long as good and evil, truth and falsehood, right and wrong, vice and virtue exist and are mixed together, as in Christendom to-day, there will be war in some form. Was not Jesus as really the Prince of War as he was the Prince of Peace 1 He came, not to bring Peace, but a sword — a fire — to set at variance the members of the same family, sect and nation. The first form of war is physical, produced by the lusts of generation — killed or be killed — Indian warfare. This is the common form of war jn all Christian and Pagan nations. The second form of war is that wherein one man, inspired by a strong influence, will chase a thousand, and two put ten thousand to flight. Thus Sampson slew his hundreds, and Saul and his 8HAKEE. THE SHA.KER. 79 armor-bearers defeated a whole army. Thus inspired, as a Jew, by the Jewish spirit, Jesus overpowered the traders and the traffickers of the temple. The third form of war is spiritual war. In this form man uses no physical strength nor carnal weapon. The slaughter is performed entirely by spiritual means. (See 2d Kings, 19-35.) The Angel of the Lord —Spirit—went out and smote, in the camp of the Assyrians, in one night 185,000. Spirits, using Elias as medium, slew two companies of fifty men each. These fighting spirits were not yet converted to the still higher form of warfare which Christ's spirits wage against the causes of physical war existing in the people, the causes by which the disciples sought to use Jesus and themselves, to destroy all the people of a village, to do as Elias had done before them—bring down fire from the spirit world. At that time, when under the Christian influence Jesus saw the subject of war as he had never seen it before ; saw that what he had done in the temple was Jewish, not Christian, and even now to do as Elias had done would still be Jewish; saw that the mission of the Son of Man was not to destroy men's lives, but to destroy the evils of their lives; saw that his disciples, by Jewish education, knew not what spirit they were influenced by in what they asked. As a Christian, Jesus said : ' He that hateth his brother is a murderer— already a warrior.' In Christ — not in Jesus — nor in Ann Lee — are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge. These are the treasures we need and want — a spiritual righteousness that will make each man and woman righteous. Being converted, we become such Peace people that even civil war could not turn us aside. They will not fight. These should be heard in a Peace Convention. The true friends of Peace seek, in their own souls, for the roots of the evil tree in human nature, that has made war a permanent institution in all Church and State governments, from the time that Peter drew his sword to the presentation of the sword to the Peace Convention to be made in a plowshare. To these roots the axe of truth and self-denial — pure Christianity must be laid. They that learn whoso hateth a brother and killeth a man with a Damascus blade, or whose muscular strength is increased by spirits, so that he kills a dozen, or who becomes the means through whom hundreds are slaughtered, without being touched by visible man or woman, is equally and unqualifiedly a murderer. Those spirits that wrought the will of the Lord of Hosts — the Hebrew God — empowering Moses to conquer the whole military power of Egypt, without striking a single physical blow, were not Christ spirits. Poverty is one cause of national wars. The bounty, the wages, the booty and the beauty are inducements to enlistments for men who have no home nor property of their own. Monopoly of land, speculation and usury create poverty. The unrepublican exclusion of women from citizenship, from helping to frame and execute the laws by which she is governed, makes poverty-producing institutions a possibility. Purgation of civil government from all kinds of theology, and instituting abstract radical truths as the basis of Church and State, will ultimately abolish war from the nations of the earth, so that they will learn war no more. The Union of so many independent States in North America is prophetic of the ultimate union of all nations. There will be a constitution of nations, as we have a constitution of States — a constitution of constitutions. Then there will be Peace on earth and good will among men. The causes of war — exclusion of citizens from citizenship, monopoly of life elements, poverty and crime, struggle between capital and labor and theological strife, false theology, will all be convicted by Divine Revelation, the rock upon which the new Church and State will be built.