THE 'NEW DEPARTURE' OF SPIRITUALISTS J. M. Peebles, in the R. P. Journal for September 9, writes a most stirring defense of the Organization of Spiritualists lately inaugurated at Philadelphia. His arguments in favor of the name adopted by the organization — Christian Spiritualists — embrace a brilliant effort. But hear how he descants of the present status and needs of genuine spiritualism: It cannot be denied that a partial eclipse has gradually crept over and dimmed the heavenillumined face of Spiritualism. The original National Association is dead; nine-tenths of the lyceums are dead; multitudes of Spiritualists are morally dead, attending neither Spiritualist lectures Sunday, nor spiritual seances on week day evenings. The finances that ought to go to erect spiritual halls, support the Spiritualist press, genuine mediums and lyceums for our children, are often expended in building sectarian churches, or supporting the liberal denominations. What is to be done? What does the 'new departure' mean ? It means — departure from death and indifference to life and spiritual activity — a departure from frothy words to noble deeds — from irreligious scoffing to religious aspirations and manly efforts — from phenomenal wonder-seeking to a rational philosophy and practical righteousness and from an egotistic ignorance to a broad spiritual culture. It is a departure from old feuds, old grievances, old disputations, and thread-bare issues, that have about as much to do with the heavenly truth of Spiritualism as Aztec pottery has to do with poetry. WHAT LACK I YET? A sensible inquiry 1 For nearly thirty years we have listened to the 'rappings,' and witnessed the phenomena. What lack I yet? Keligion, religious culture, moral principle, self-sacriflce, soul consecration, striving enthusiasm, the martyr's zeal, the charity which thinketh no evil, the love that flamed in John's soul while leaning upon the bosom of Jesus, and that unfaltering devotion to truth that has characterized the regal-souled of all ages.