CORRESPONDENCE Enfield, N. H. Aug. 9th, 1876 G. A. Lomas, Editor, Shakers, N. Y. Dear Friend: — Allow me to give expression to the promptings of my inner life, in praise and commendation of the precious truths and principles so ably and manfully advocated in The Shaker, and which are so much needed at the present time, and which were also uttered forth to the world by our Lord and master Jesus Christ, when here on earth personally, who said 'I am the way, the truth and the life.' It is high time I sincerely believe, for humanity to pause, think, consider watchfully and prayerfully the signs of the times at what a poor rate the majority of souls are now living, so far away from the teachings of Jesus, his life. True spiritualism and true Shakerism, I believe, must step to the front of priestcraft, sectarianism and old theology, take the lead in the broad, universal religion of Jesus of Nazareth, free for all, without money and without price. May God, His angels, ministering spirits, speedily help us all to be wise for ourselves and choose that better part and live it, which can never be taken away from us. Then as said Jesus we can truthfully exclaim 'The kingdom of God is within us.' Respectfully, WM. G. DENNISON To Cecelia Devyr. July 28,1876 163 Jackson St., Brooklyn My Dear Cecilia:—My departure was so hurried that I was unable to say many things to you that were on my mind during my stay among your people. I wished to thank you for your kindness and interest in a personal stranger, and to express my unqualified admiration of your high aims and pure life, and of the complete success which has attended your efforts toward the founding of a social system ruled by brotherly love. You have attained the ideal life for which poets and philosophers have longed in all ages. Your mutual love and confidence are perfect and undisturbed, and you earn your living and enjoy it in the fullest sense of the word. All this is what constitutes a happy, earthly life —a truly happy and enviable one. For futurity, if there be such a prospect before us, I suppose those who are good now will be blessed hereafter. Could I but agree with you upon this all important point, how quickly would I fly from the vanities and disappointments of the world to your sweet haven of peace, your heaven upon earth. It might be wrong in me to yield to such selfish impulse, and leave a devoted mother at a time when she most needs my companionship; and to prevent this, destiny has placed an insurmountable barrier between me and temptation. Well, I believe after all I can find great usefulness in the world, and perhaps some form and degree of happiness as well. In the meantime I shall be a regular Shaker missionary, raising my voice wherever I go, in defense of your principles, as practiced by yourselves, and in description of your happiness therein. If I can aid, by a mite's worth an order of people having such virtuous and healthy minds, I shall certainly feel it my duty to do so. Yours truly, ELLEN E. KENYON Ayer, Mass., Sept. 3d, 1876 Dear Brother Nicholas: Your ' Circular ' is received. Thanks for it and also for all the burdens you bear to keep alive our little bark; with its white sail of peace it is yet destined to go higher up the stream of human possibilities than any of the many-colored sails that float on the great sea of time's waters. What if there is a little 'friction,' is it not much better than a dead calm — sleeping upon our oars — a dead level of thought and feeling? You, dear brother, draw largely on our gratitude and sympathy for the interest you take in our general enterprise. It is an age of thought and investigation which we can no more escape than we can the atmosphere around us. It is in the atmosphere. If we ever become proficient scholars in the school of Christ, it will be when we learn to love one another, even if our opinions do not all take form alike, and at the same time. If our lives are pure and unselfish, honest, and separated from the world, the virtues of charity and forbearance will follow as the flow of water or the ascent of flame. The new bottle for the new wine was not peculiar, and only adapted to the time of Jesus. Every new revolution will need its new garment and new bottles. I believe the increase will come, if we first become so weak we cannot resist it. If all labor for the growth of their own souls, it will add to the increase of the Christ kingdom. The Shaker, Long may it wave O'er the world be free, With its power to save. Our public meetings are well attended. We tell the people how we live (or are trying to live), and advise them to come up to the natural and moral law, preparatory to Christianity. Please accept of my best love and the love of all in our humble home, and give of the same to all dear friends in your beautiful abode. Yours, in love, N. A. Briggs, Pub. Elijah Myrick Enfield, September 12, 1876 Dear Editor : A short paragraph having appeared in the American Socialist, quoted from The Shaker, runs thus : ' Tell a man his faults, and he will hate you forever.' Without special reference to the remedy proposed in the A. S., I would say that the application cannot be applied to any true Shaker. In all my experience in Shakerism I have never observed any one that was honestly, purposely, and understandingiy traveling away from a lower nature, that would take offense, or carry hatred in his heart forever, as above stated. Many times we find it beneficial to be told our faults, even when not done from the best motives. I do admit there is a class that would answer to all that would come under the meaning of the term hate, at having £heir faults exposed to them ; but it is also well known, such a class cannot by any means be ranked among genuine Shakers. And it would be very questionable if the Divine Order of the gospel could not reach such — whether any other means could ever alter their hearts' obliquities. Yours in brotherly love, Robert Aitkin Rio Vista, Cal., September 2,1876 Bro. D. Fraser : Allow me to thank you most sincerely for your articles in The Shaker, especially those entitled, 'Chemical Forces of Plants and Animals.' To use a miner's phrase, 'they go to the bed-rock;' and are such a clear exposition of dietary truth, that I cannot refrain from expressing my admiration of them. If you had the millions of an Astor or a Stewart to bestow upon the people, they would not do so much good as your articles are calculated to effect. Truly yours, E. Y. Mt. Lebanon, Aug. 13, 1876 Richard Fletcher : Dear Brother — Your letter of July 3d is received. In it you ask, ' Would dear Elder F. W. Evans abolish the Sabbath entirely? That leading article will astonish some folks * * * The French did away with a Sabbath • of rest one time. Shall we follow them ? ' Many thanks for your kind epistle, and may the feeling of love and friendship you therein expressed cover my apparent negligence to answer it. Gladly do I unite with you in admiring the beautiful characters which along life, subject to gospel discipline and its saving power, has produced in the many aged Believers, whose company we still enjoy, and whose example we may profit by. Not without labor and sacrifice have their virtues been acquired. Blessed be the obedience they have walked in! Blessed be the faith that has led them, and the hope that has inspired them! Upon the foundation that the Spirit has built through the means of their faithful toil, are we called to add stone upon stone, until the part allotted to us in the glorious structure be completed, to serve in its turn as a basis for coining generations. For, ever increasing is the work of God, ever offering to those who will be successively called into it, new truths and larger spheres of action, until the house of our God will indeed become a house of prayer, for all nations, kindreds, tongues and people, for all classes of mind and conditions of spirit, whether produced by inheritance, education, or any other cause. This view is a happy unfoldment of the somewhat narrower ideas held by our predecessors, from Jesus of Nazareth down to Ann of Manchester and her followers, the founders of our order. The former declared that he was sent only in relation to the lost sheep of Israel, an idea, naturally enough, flowing from a Jewish education, and evidently true in regard to himself personally, but which would have been a grave mistake, if generally adhered to in succeeding ages, to avoid which a special revelation had to be made to Peter. The latter came out from the religious organizations, the various so-called Christian denominations of their day, and felt, also, naturally enough, as though their class, religious professors generally, were called in a particular manner, almost to the exclusion of others, to inherit the blessings of Christ's true 75 76 THE kingdom; whereas the rational mind of our day tells us, that the mere profession of a false Christianity is, by no means, a better preparation for the acceptance of the life of the true one, than an honest denial, or an absolute ignorance of those former errors would be, but rather the reverse. For, as it has taken time and efforts to get those errors worked in the mind, so will it also require time and sufferings to eradicate them. Here comes in the advantage of the rationalist; his mind is like a field, well fallowed and clear, ready for the seed of eternal truth which will be sown there and yield rich harvests. The appearances are, that this class will furnish the master-builders of the work that is impending. The son who promised to go to work in his father's vineyard, stands aloof, but he who was contrary and stubborn in his speech, is now repenting and drawing nigh. Having gone so far, I need but to take another step to answer the questions you put relating to the leading article in the July Shaker. I like that article, because, to me, it contains truth. What was the Sabbathical institution to the Jews, among whom it originated, if not a practical prophecy of a higher order of things ? The first one in whom that prophecy was realized, discarded the external institution altogether; he did not need it. His whole life was a continual Sabbath, a life of rest from selfish pursuits, a life of goodness and exceeding love to God and the neighbor — a Shaker life. To those who live that life to-day, the same principles are applicable. They do not need an external Sabbath, because to them it has no meaning, other than they choose to give it themselves. Much less can they have any justifiable interest in having such an institution enforced upon others, contrary to their feelings and convictions, or to their best interests. A day of rest from physical labor may be very good, particularly for those who make such labor and its products the chief object of their lives, and by their selfishness may be tempted to be unjust to themselves or others. One day in seven answers that purpose very well; perhaps one in six might be better still, if all were willing to perform their due part in productive labor. For if any individual or people should consider it best for them to divide the one day of rest between the others and thus lessen each day's toil, why should not they have a right to do so, without being interfered with or imposed upon by others ? The French, in their first revolution, missed it in making their period of labor too long, nine days out of ten. Neither men nor beasts could thrive under it, as their experience of twelve years fully proved. I can see nothing improper in any man or class of men ordering their time and dividing their labor to suit their best convenience. Neither can I see any thing right or proper in any man or class of men trying to impose their particular views on this or any other subject upon other men, or dictate for them the way of passing their time, unless it be to restrain them from doing wrong to themselves or their fellows. The barbaric law that might makes right ia so inherent in human nature, that it will work out in some way or other, but it never yet wrought any good, nor do I think that it will in the future. As for the real Sabbath of humanity, the higher life of Christian purity and virtue, I feel that its joy will be an everlasting rejoicing, and its rest an everlasting peace, that not even differences in opinion and mental constitution can destroy. I thank you for your ideas in the Aug.'No. of our paper, concerning Art. The abuse and prostitution that it is so much subjected to, makes me sad. The same is but too true about the literature of our day. Humanity will yet look back with shame upon the mental appetites that could crave such food. * * * Truly yours, etc., Emil Bretzner