SHAKERISM—CHRISTIANITY That Shakerism lias endured, intact in organization, for one hundred years and more, must appear to any one given to much thought, as one, if not the greatest wonder of our world. Its primal principle of celibacy, having no connection with any order that recognizes Christianity in marriage or reproduction, has been left to rely upon whomsoever has ripened for the resurrection harvest; and, acting from the most free agency of the soul, has chosen to live a life above the elements of this world. With the world opposed to it by principle, it has nevertheless been sustained, without doubt, providentially, for past, present and future purposes. With no people on the earth, equal in physical or moral character to the Jews who received the gospel direct from Jesus, Shakerism — the second and improved edition or proclamation of Christ to the world, — has had to meet barriers, which it is almost certain Jesus never met with. True Christianity has ever been persecuted; yet never so much by its own professors and so-called adherents, as it meets from such to-day. Shakerism finds less encouragement in the physical organization of humanity now, than Christianity ever met with before. With manifold diseases, of which the Jews never knew, and a precocious tendency to evils exceeding any ever mentioned in the catalogues of Mosaic times, Shakerism rises, and calls the people to a repentance of their evils, not only, but to a plane of life superior, physically and spiritually, to even the best of ancient days ! Will there be a sufficient number reply, to keep the ark — the organization — in a progressive, working order? At the present time, only a few, comparatively speaking, are acquainted with the purposes of the Shaker Order. By far, the majority look upon it as an organization of religious fanatics, born to an ephemeral existence, and to go down from sheer exhaustion. It is difficult, even for those most familiar with our views, to realize it as a pressing necessity of salvation in the world. Millions who think they worship Jesus, are unwilling to give a thought to the fact, that Shakerism teaches no more nor less than did Jesus. If genuine Christianity was ever a necessity as a saviour to the world, it certainly is needed now. As a transcendent principle to marriage, it invites to the most unselfish celibacy. As a superior rule to war, resistance, retaliation, it urges nonresistance, and a peace that ' passes all the understanding ' of worldly peace; and instead of permitting the people to live in the deception that the narrow, marital circle is most unselfish, it presents a relationship where all, who live as Jesus lived, are one family, and equally worthy as brethren and sisters in Christ life — none rich nor poor; no masters nor slaves; no landlords nor tenants, but all workers for God and humanity. Just what original Christianity proposed for the people, Shakerism proposes, with a blessed increase. There is nothing that can be named, where one requires what the other did not. The organization of Shaker Societies is only an increase of the same Christian principles, actively engaged in. Where is there any difference between the Celibacy of the Church of Pentecost and that of the Shaker Church? What difference in their Peace proclamations and lives ? Where do they differ concerning Private Property or Personal Poverty? Are the Shakers required to be any more unspotted from the world and worldly associations than were the constituents of the 'model church,' or its Lord, Jesus? Should Jesus come to earth to-day, where could he find a church where all the members were more zealously striving to imitate his life, and the modes of the ' days of pentecost ? ' We want the people to know of us and our principles. With every added mite of information, there will be a weight of savor — a testimony against every unchristian practice in the role of life — and this is what the world needs and must have. Never was the time when Shaker principles attracted half the attention in the world which they now do. Never were they so favorably viewed, nor so thoroughly used as a lash for the unchristian lives of Christian professors, and with so little persecution. Therefore, let us work, in every way in our power, brethren and friends, for the lifting of a standard that will convince the people of the saving efficacy of practical Christianity.