SOCIETY RECORD Pleasant Hill, Ky. Pleasant Hill: A beautifully written letter from Elder B. B. Dunlavy, of this place, informs us of a dreadful fire — the large barn with all its contents — probably the work of incendiaries ! From twelve to fifteen thousands of dollars' worth of property gone, doing none any good! while many more thousands of dollars' worth must be used in replacing buildings for the care of their stock. When we think that God is just, we tremble for the incendiary, more, much more, than for the murderer. With all the mental sufferings brought on by this calamity, a prayerful spirit for the guilty party or parties is manifested ; and a gratefulness that it is no worse. Says Elder Benjamin: 'But, beloved friends, we have a fine growing season. Corn looks well, potatoes greatly abound, grass is luxuriant, and our apple orchards are bending and breaking under their enormous load of fruit while our broom corn harvest has commenced—a heavy crop. So that we have much left to be thankful for — thankful that our chastisement was not heavier —thankful that the earth abounds in plenty — thankful that general health arid buoyant spirits prevail; and thankful that we have the gospel of Christ, which is better than all, because it secures to the honest soul the durable riches which the fires of earth cannot consume, and no power can take from us, if we will make it our own, which we have the power to do, and will do. While earthly riches make to themselves wings, and fly away, the treasures of heaven abide in the soul forever! As our dear friends have been well tried in the school of adversity by passing through the fiery ordeal, we do not n.eed to speak of our spiritual status, as they are fully able to comprehend the situation, under the influence of such a revulsion. We could take in scores of the floating population, but they generally prove to be bad fish ; good ones are remarkably scarce. No moving of the outside waters in this region, to cause the lepers to step in to be healed.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.: The annual ' Social Gathering' of the Novitiate Orders lately took place, as usual — resulting with an increase of blessings over any former meetings I Dr. J. V. Mansfield was an invited guest, and gave many wonderful tests of answering sealed letters. Elder F. W. Evans thinks there can be no doubt, that the doctor is a genuine, truthful spiritualist, and most worthy man. Thomas Beal, of Shakers, N. Y., sends his compliments and thanks to Larz Erickson, for his excellent article in September number of Shaker, and proposes to have the last half of said article painted in large letters, and placed over the door of his shop. We know of a good many who might be drawn nearer the kingdom of heaven by having the closing sentiments of ' The Discipline of Goodness' placed where they could read them when they run. The desire for women modifies the Darwinian law of brute force in man; otherwise, under that force, man would kill all women. Her lord and master's passions balanoe each other * * * * Usury eats, as does a canker, into the vitals of the producing classes. 'Thou shalt not kill; thou shalt not take usury of any,' was Jewish law.— ElderF. W.Evans. Fowls with yellow legs are very liable to be troubled with parasites, which secrete themselves under the scales of the legs, producing warts and other scorbutic disorders. Wash well with strong soap-suds, then apply kerosene freely for several days in succession. Would say to 'Friends of Truth,' and any other apparent counterfeits of Livingston Co., N. Y., that we ought not to take even this much notice of anonymous correspondents. You must come recommended. R. M. Wagan has on exhibition at Centennial, his green corn-cutting machine. His Chair display is attracting extraordinary attention. See adv.