Mt. Lebanon, Aug. 13, 1876 Richard Fletcher : Dear Brother — Your letter of July 3d is received. In it you ask, ' Would dear Elder F. W. Evans abolish the Sabbath entirely? That leading article will astonish some folks * * * The French did away with a Sabbath • of rest one time. Shall we follow them ? ' Many thanks for your kind epistle, and may the feeling of love and friendship you therein expressed cover my apparent negligence to answer it. Gladly do I unite with you in admiring the beautiful characters which along life, subject to gospel discipline and its saving power, has produced in the many aged Believers, whose company we still enjoy, and whose example we may profit by. Not without labor and sacrifice have their virtues been acquired. Blessed be the obedience they have walked in! Blessed be the faith that has led them, and the hope that has inspired them! Upon the foundation that the Spirit has built through the means of their faithful toil, are we called to add stone upon stone, until the part allotted to us in the glorious structure be completed, to serve in its turn as a basis for coining generations. For, ever increasing is the work of God, ever offering to those who will be successively called into it, new truths and larger spheres of action, until the house of our God will indeed become a house of prayer, for all nations, kindreds, tongues and people, for all classes of mind and conditions of spirit, whether produced by inheritance, education, or any other cause. This view is a happy unfoldment of the somewhat narrower ideas held by our predecessors, from Jesus of Nazareth down to Ann of Manchester and her followers, the founders of our order. The former declared that he was sent only in relation to the lost sheep of Israel, an idea, naturally enough, flowing from a Jewish education, and evidently true in regard to himself personally, but which would have been a grave mistake, if generally adhered to in succeeding ages, to avoid which a special revelation had to be made to Peter. The latter came out from the religious organizations, the various so-called Christian denominations of their day, and felt, also, naturally enough, as though their class, religious professors generally, were called in a particular manner, almost to the exclusion of others, to inherit the blessings of Christ's true 75 76 THE kingdom; whereas the rational mind of our day tells us, that the mere profession of a false Christianity is, by no means, a better preparation for the acceptance of the life of the true one, than an honest denial, or an absolute ignorance of those former errors would be, but rather the reverse. For, as it has taken time and efforts to get those errors worked in the mind, so will it also require time and sufferings to eradicate them. Here comes in the advantage of the rationalist; his mind is like a field, well fallowed and clear, ready for the seed of eternal truth which will be sown there and yield rich harvests. The appearances are, that this class will furnish the master-builders of the work that is impending. The son who promised to go to work in his father's vineyard, stands aloof, but he who was contrary and stubborn in his speech, is now repenting and drawing nigh. Having gone so far, I need but to take another step to answer the questions you put relating to the leading article in the July Shaker. I like that article, because, to me, it contains truth. What was the Sabbathical institution to the Jews, among whom it originated, if not a practical prophecy of a higher order of things ? The first one in whom that prophecy was realized, discarded the external institution altogether; he did not need it. His whole life was a continual Sabbath, a life of rest from selfish pursuits, a life of goodness and exceeding love to God and the neighbor — a Shaker life. To those who live that life to-day, the same principles are applicable. They do not need an external Sabbath, because to them it has no meaning, other than they choose to give it themselves. Much less can they have any justifiable interest in having such an institution enforced upon others, contrary to their feelings and convictions, or to their best interests. A day of rest from physical labor may be very good, particularly for those who make such labor and its products the chief object of their lives, and by their selfishness may be tempted to be unjust to themselves or others. One day in seven answers that purpose very well; perhaps one in six might be better still, if all were willing to perform their due part in productive labor. For if any individual or people should consider it best for them to divide the one day of rest between the others and thus lessen each day's toil, why should not they have a right to do so, without being interfered with or imposed upon by others ? The French, in their first revolution, missed it in making their period of labor too long, nine days out of ten. Neither men nor beasts could thrive under it, as their experience of twelve years fully proved. I can see nothing improper in any man or class of men ordering their time and dividing their labor to suit their best convenience. Neither can I see any thing right or proper in any man or class of men trying to impose their particular views on this or any other subject upon other men, or dictate for them the way of passing their time, unless it be to restrain them from doing wrong to themselves or their fellows. The barbaric law that might makes right ia so inherent in human nature, that it will work out in some way or other, but it never yet wrought any good, nor do I think that it will in the future. As for the real Sabbath of humanity, the higher life of Christian purity and virtue, I feel that its joy will be an everlasting rejoicing, and its rest an everlasting peace, that not even differences in opinion and mental constitution can destroy. I thank you for your ideas in the Aug.'No. of our paper, concerning Art. The abuse and prostitution that it is so much subjected to, makes me sad. The same is but too true about the literature of our day. Humanity will yet look back with shame upon the mental appetites that could crave such food. * * * Truly yours, etc., Emil Bretzner