HOW CAN WE SERVE GOD MOST ACCEPTABLY? RUTH WEBSTER This is a very important question — one that has led to a great variety of practices, each having for its professed object the approbation of God. If we wished to meet the approbation of any one, or to do him service, it would be necessary, in the first place, to know what his character is, in order to know what would be pleasing to him; for that which would be pleasing to a Nero, would be abhorrent to a Howard. Mankind have, in all ages of the world, had different ideas of the character of God, and consequently have differed in their service and manner of worship. He has been represented as a God of vengeance, a judge severe, the great Jehovah; but to me there is no appellation so dear as ' Our Father who art in heaven.' I love to contemplate Him as standing in this relation to all the children of men. So all are brethren and sisters in their natural creation, but those who receive the testimony of Christ have power given them to become the sons and daughters of God in an especial manner; and as he is no respecter of persons, should we not strive to be like him ? As Christ came to do the will of God, we may learn by his doings and teachings what will be pleasing to Him. The prophet Isaiah gives us that which is to the point. ' Is it such a fast that I have chosen, a day for a man to afflict his soul ? Is it to bow down his head like a bulrush and spread sackcloth and ashes under him? Wilt thou call this a fast and an acceptable day to the Lord ? Is not this the fast that I have chosen to loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens and let the oppressed go free, and that ye break every yoke? Is it not to deal thy bread to the hungry, and that thou bring the poor that are cast out to thy house; when thou seest the naked, that thou cover him, and that thou hide not thyself from thine own flesh ? ' That here is acceptable service, no one needs be mistaken. Then again, Prov., 13th chapter: ' He that oppresseth the poor reproacheth his Maker, but he that honoreth him hath mercy on the poor.' Again, there is a very impressive lesson taught in the parable of the sheep and goats, Matt., 25th chapter, commencing at the 40th verse. 'When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit on the throne of his glory, and before him shall be gathered all nations; and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats, he shall set the sheep on the right hand, but the goats on the left. Then shall the King say to those on the right hand: ' Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world; for I was hungered, and ye gave me meat; I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink; I was a stranger, and ye took me in; naked, and ye clothed me; sick, and ye visited me; I was in prison, and ye came unto me.' Then shall the righteous answer him:' When saw we thee thus, and ministered to thee?' Then shall the King say unto them: ' Verily I say unto you, inasmuch as ye have done it to the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.' Then shall he also say to them on his left hand : ' Depart from me, ye cursed, for I was hungry, and ye gave me no meat; thirsty, and ye gave me no drink; I was a stranger, and ye took me not in; naked, and ye clothed me not; sick and in prison, and ye visited me not.' Then shall they also answer him, saying: ' Lord, when saw we thee ahungered, or athirst, or a stranger, or sick, or in prison, and did not minister to thee ?' Then shall he answer them, saying: ' Verily I say unto you, inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the least of these, ye did it not to me.' ' . This was the ground of their condemnation — lack of charity. We talk of religious service as if it consisted in singing, preaching and praying. These may be useful as helps to inspire each other to renewed zeal in carrying out in practice the religious principle which the apostle James says is to visit the widow and fatherless, and to keep unspotted from the world. Religion implies action — doing good to the needy, as in the case of Cornelius : ' Thy prayers and thy alms are come up for a memorial before God. Again thy prayer is heard, and thine alms are had in remembrance in the sight of God.' God seems 74: THE to have an especial regard for the poor, and claims them as his heritage, as saith the apostle : ' Hath not God chosen the poor of this world, rich in faith and heirs of the kingdom which he hath promised to them that love him ? ' Christ gave it as one of the tests by which it might be known that he was the Son of God, that ' the poor have the gospel preached to them.' His mission on earth was, to raise the fallen and bless the poor. This is God-like labor, and unless his followers engage in it, their profession is vain. As saith the apostle: ' If any man hath this world's goods and seeth his brother have need, and shuts up his bowels of compassion against him, how dwelleth the love of God in him ?' Christ gave one injunction that is seldom complied with. It is this: ' When thou makest a feast, do not call thy rich neighbors and friends, lest they bid you again, and so a recompense be made; but when ye make a feast, call the poor, the maimed, the halt and blind. These cannot reward you, but ye shall be rewarded at the resurrection of the just.' God has made many promises to those who give to the poor, such as ' He that giveth to the poor shall not lack.' Again, ' He that hath pity on the poor lendeth to the Lord, and that which he hath given will he pay him again.' Agur's prayer was: ' Give me neither poverty nor riches, lest I be full and deny thee, or be poor and steal, and take the name of God in vain.' This condition may be realized by entering Christ's kingdom on earth, where there is neither rich nor poor, but perfect equality. ' As the liberal deviseth liberal things,' are there not some liberal souls who are ready to give of their substance for the good of others ? We think that the greatest amount of good can be done by gathering the poor into communities, where they may be self-sustaining, and in their turn help others. As there is no benevolence without sacrifice, so there is no sacrifice without a corresponding reward. I think that the question at the head of this article may be truly answered, that he renders the most acceptable service to God who serves humanity best. Union Village, 0.