PRAYER Prop. Tyndall does not believe in the power of prayer to alter the material laws of the universe, and very probably he is right. We do not indorse him, for the reason that our knowledge of the universe is limited. But when Romeo prayed that the sun might not rise and separate him from his beloved Juliet, the sun rose all the same and divided the lovers forever. What a million of men pray for another million of men pray against. One man wants rain, but another wants sunshine. How can local interests affect the wisdom of Heaven ? Is it possible that Providence hesitates between its clients, and says to James, whose arid potato field is withering for want of water, ' Dear James, it will rain to-night,' and to Smith, whose hay is not yet stacked, ' Dear Smith, your hay will all be soaked.' No ; these are the effects of prayer which are not logical in the mind, and so far the challenge of Prof. Tyndall, to have one hospital prayed for and the other prescribed for, must be held to be likely to result to the advantage of his theory. Prayer, however, while it cannot influence material laws, may affect those unknown spiritual laws which have so much to do with our mysterious nature. Who has not prayed for some desired end? A dying child, a dying wife, relief, perhaps, from some trouble. There is a story of a poor woman who prayed for a loaf of bread, and her prayer was indirectly answered by a drunken party of men, who, in sport, threw a loaf down her chimney. No one can solve these mysteries, for there are men of this world and men of the next world. When the entire Christendom of humanity kneels every Sunday in church and implores Heaven for especial blessings, is that ceremony a farce ? If it is a useless supplication then one-half of our religion is a mockery. People say that every wish is a prayer, but that statement is a mistake. A wish is only the desire for a result; a prayer is a request for a reply. We want rain badly now. The earth is dead with drought, and the crops will suffer from the lack of water. Shall we pray that the heavens may be opened and the mechanical laws of the universe be suspended for our particular benefit? Certainly we have the right to demand, but it is doubtful if we possess the reason to expect compliance. In our churches on Sunday prayers for rain will be probably offered, and if the rain comes the eloquence of the clergyman will be held in high estimation by his congregation, and if it fails then Providence must take the responsibility. Our own humble opinion is, that if we look for rain in this unhappy drought we had better study the weather reports, which at least indicate probabilities. When we kneel in reverence to that inscrutable Power, which is above us all, let our supplications be for spiritual blessings more than for earthly gains. N. Y. Herald.