EDITORIAL NOTES The page of Religio-PMlosophical Journal, devoted to 'Voices from the People,' is a most interesting feature of that paper. Between the communications are inserted valuable materials for thought — jewels of the first water. There has been considerable commotion in some circles, concerning our name — The Shaker. Some have suggested a change, the better to meet objections, which others, 'not of our fold as yet,' have to the title. Be it remembered, that whatever name we may assume, the change (which is not likely to occur) will in no manner mean a compromise of Shaker principles. We shall be open to the same objections so far as our life and teachings are concerned, and the change of name, if made, would not make the doctrines, which urge the cross of Christ on the people, any more palatable. Ever since the gospel of Shakerism was introduced, men and women have appealed to us to pull down our colors —' come down from that cross '— all of which means depart from radical Shakerism. The Shaker, under any other title, would still remain objectionable to the carnally minded. Still, let the people send us suggestions. Great is science. The guests of certain hotels at Rye Beach, N. H., having been prostrated by sickness, Professor Nichols proved, beyond dispute, that the cause was the impurity of the ice used. Among the valuable conclusions arrived at by the professor, we find : 1. That water is in no degree purified by freezing. 2. That water which is unfit to drink as water, should never be used as ice, for human consumption. Let us have a care. We hope the friends of The Shaker will act upon the determination to double its present circulation. We may not have millionaires as subscribers; but we know we have hundreds of large-hearted humanitarians. For sixty cents each, we may call many blessings down on our neighbors. ' Love thy neighbor as thyself ;' either induce a subscription from him, or present him with a copy for a year. Our readers will be edified by our presentation of ' Correspondence.' The breathings of every individual, writing to this office, are of choice rendering and justly appreciated. The correspondence to the various societies would make a grand page every month, could we obtain it. Once in a great while we get an anonymous scrap from some theological critic, etc., that is not so agreeable, but we get hundreds of the appreciative, where we get one of this kind.