PHYSIOLOGICAL WHAT IS IN THE BEDROOM If two persons are to occupy a bedroom during the night, let them step on a weighing-scale as they retire, and then again in the morning, and they will find that their actual weight is, at least, a pound less in the morning. Frequently there will be a loss of two or more pounds, and the average loss throughout the year will be a pound of matter, which has gone off from their bodies, partly from the lungs, and partly through the pores of the skin. The escaped matter is carbonic acid and decayed animal matter or poisonous exhalation. This is diffused through the air in part, and part absorbed by the bed-clothes. If a single ounce of cotton wool be burned in a room, it will so completely saturate the air with smoke that one can hardly breathe, though there can hardly be 1 oz. of foreign matter in the air. If an ounce of cotton be burned every half hour during the night, the air will be kept continually saturated with smoke, unless there be an open window or door for it to escape. Now the 16 oz. of smoke thus formed is far less poisonous than the 16 of exhalations from the lungs and bodies of two persons who have lost a pound in weight during the eight hours of sleeping; for, while the dry smoke is mainly taken into the lungs, the damp odors from the body are absorbed both into the lungs and into the pores of the whole body. Need more be said to show the importance of having bedrooms well ventilated, and of thoroughly airing the sheets, coverlids and mattresses in the morning before packing them up in the form of a neatly-made bed ? Science of Health Wisdom Vindicated Now comes a physiologist who, unlighted by the lamp of a fish diet, proclaims to mankind that apples are the proper food, after all, of the sedentary brain workers. The apple, according to this observer, who obviously investigates things to the core, contains more phosphorus, or brain sustenance, than any other member of the vegetable republic; therefore it is conducive to mental activity. Haste and Health It is not at all wholesome to be in a hurry. Locomotives are reported to have moved a mile a minute for short distances. But locomotives have often come to grief for such great rapidity. Multitudes in their haste to get rich are ruined every year. The men who go maturely, slowly, deliberately, are the men who oftenest succeed in life; people who are habitually in a hurry generally have to do things twice over. The tortoise beats the hare at last. Slow men seldom knock their brains out against a post. Foot-races are injurious to health, as all forms of competitive exercise ; steady labor in the field is the best gymnasium in the world. Either labor or exercise carried to exhaustion or prostration, or even great tiredness, expressed by ' fagged out,' always does more harm than the previous exercise has done good. All running up-stairs or to catch a vehicle or ferry-boat, is extremely injurious to every age, sex, and condition in life. It ought to be the most pressing necessity which should induce a person over fifty to run over twelve or fifteen yards. Those live longest who are deliberate, whose actions are measured, who never embark in an enterprise without sleeping over it, and who perform all the everyday acts with kindness. Quakers are proverbially calm, quiet people; and they are a thrifty folk the world over. This is a common sense advice, and if followed will always prove beneficial to men, and women, too. For Health Dress to meet the weather. Eat to satisfaction, no more; and of materials that strengthen the outer man and woman, and incites the inner to the heavenly—health of body and soul. Sleep eight hours, and the sleep of the justified.