LET EVERY 0M PREACH Whoever feels that he has found the gospel of Christ — a saviour from sin — will feel a strong desire to tell the good news. It is worthy the question, how much are we willing to do for the ransom of souls ? It surpasses almost every other good quality in human nature, to see a man or woman, unselfishly devote themselves and their all for the promulgation of truthful principles. We have our doubts raised, immediately, as to the sincerity of any one, who, claiming to have the gospel in possession, yet who are too selfish to use means for its distribution. We know of one man in the city of Troy, N. Y., who has paid nearly or quite seven hundred dollars the past year for the dissemination of spiritualistic ideas. He is not a rich man. Does not own the house he lives in, nor any other. The growth, of what he believes the true gospel to be, is worth nearly a thousand dollars a year to him. How much is it worth to each of us. Every Shaker should feel the necessity of letting the light of our gospel principles shine. Should seek means to make them shine. Should be a preacher. Should so love the gospel, that he or she would spread its knowledge far and near. We have a duty to do in ' preaching the gospel to every creature.' We must see to it that a knowledge of our principles 'goes into all the world.' Let us study the best means of distributing truth. The dullards, the half dead and the dying spiritually, will seek to discourage us. But let nothing hinder our putting in our mite, or a million if we can, to aid the progress of genuine Christian principles. ' Freely we have received; let us as freely give.' Spread the news. Circulate The Shaker. Get one more subscriber, each. Make our neighbor a. present of it for one year. Help the cause of ChriBt from your hearts, from your strength, talents, pocket, and none will fail of receiving in basket and store, many times worth the efforts made. Have we the gospel, brethren, ' hide not the light under a bushel,' but let every copy of The Shaker do good service.