CORRESPONDENCE Enfield, N. H. Aug. 9th, 1876 G. A. Lomas, Editor, Shakers, N. Y. Dear Friend: — Allow me to give expression to the promptings of my inner life, in praise and commendation of the precious truths and principles so ably and manfully advocated in The Shaker, and which are so much needed at the present time, and which were also uttered forth to the world by our Lord and master Jesus Christ, when here on earth personally, who said 'I am the way, the truth and the life.' It is high time I sincerely believe, for humanity to pause, think, consider watchfully and prayerfully the signs of the times at what a poor rate the majority of souls are now living, so far away from the teachings of Jesus, his life. True spiritualism and true Shakerism, I believe, must step to the front of priestcraft, sectarianism and old theology, take the lead in the broad, universal religion of Jesus of Nazareth, free for all, without money and without price. May God, His angels, ministering spirits, speedily help us all to be wise for ourselves and choose that better part and live it, which can never be taken away from us. Then as said Jesus we can truthfully exclaim 'The kingdom of God is within us.' Respectfully, WM. G. DENNISON To Cecelia Devyr. July 28,1876 163 Jackson St., Brooklyn My Dear Cecilia:—My departure was so hurried that I was unable to say many things to you that were on my mind during my stay among your people. I wished to thank you for your kindness and interest in a personal stranger, and to express my unqualified admiration of your high aims and pure life, and of the complete success which has attended your efforts toward the founding of a social system ruled by brotherly love. You have attained the ideal life for which poets and philosophers have longed in all ages. Your mutual love and confidence are perfect and undisturbed, and you earn your living and enjoy it in the fullest sense of the word. All this is what constitutes a happy, earthly life —a truly happy and enviable one. For futurity, if there be such a prospect before us, I suppose those who are good now will be blessed hereafter. Could I but agree with you upon this all important point, how quickly would I fly from the vanities and disappointments of the world to your sweet haven of peace, your heaven upon earth. It might be wrong in me to yield to such selfish impulse, and leave a devoted mother at a time when she most needs my companionship; and to prevent this, destiny has placed an insurmountable barrier between me and temptation. Well, I believe after all I can find great usefulness in the world, and perhaps some form and degree of happiness as well. In the meantime I shall be a regular Shaker missionary, raising my voice wherever I go, in defense of your principles, as practiced by yourselves, and in description of your happiness therein. If I can aid, by a mite's worth an order of people having such virtuous and healthy minds, I shall certainly feel it my duty to do so. Yours truly, ELLEN E. KENYON Ayer, Mass., Sept. 3d, 1876 Dear Brother Nicholas: Your ' Circular ' is received. Thanks for it and also for all the burdens you bear to keep alive our little bark; with its white sail of peace it is yet destined to go higher up the stream of human possibilities than any of the many-colored sails that float on the great sea of time's waters. What if there is a little 'friction,' is it not much better than a dead calm — sleeping upon our oars — a dead level of thought and feeling? You, dear brother, draw largely on our gratitude and sympathy for the interest you take in our general enterprise. It is an age of thought and investigation which we can no more escape than we can the atmosphere around us. It is in the atmosphere. If we ever become proficient scholars in the school of Christ, it will be when we learn to love one another, even if our opinions do not all take form alike, and at the same time. If our lives are pure and unselfish, honest, and separated from the world, the virtues of charity and forbearance will follow as the flow of water or the ascent of flame. The new bottle for the new wine was not peculiar, and only adapted to the time of Jesus. Every new revolution will need its new garment and new bottles. I believe the increase will come, if we first become so weak we cannot resist it. If all labor for the growth of their own souls, it will add to the increase of the Christ kingdom. The Shaker, Long may it wave O'er the world be free, With its power to save. Our public meetings are well attended. We tell the people how we live (or are trying to live), and advise them to come up to the natural and moral law, preparatory to Christianity. Please accept of my best love and the love of all in our humble home, and give of the same to all dear friends in your beautiful abode. Yours, in love, N. A. Briggs, Pub. Elijah Myrick Enfield, September 12, 1876 Dear Editor : A short paragraph having appeared in the American Socialist, quoted from The Shaker, runs thus : ' Tell a man his faults, and he will hate you forever.' Without special reference to the remedy proposed in the A. S., I would say that the application cannot be applied to any true Shaker. In all my experience in Shakerism I have never observed any one that was honestly, purposely, and understandingiy traveling away from a lower nature, that would take offense, or carry hatred in his heart forever, as above stated. Many times we find it beneficial to be told our faults, even when not done from the best motives. I do admit there is a class that would answer to all that would come under the meaning of the term hate, at having £heir faults exposed to them ; but it is also well known, such a class cannot by any means be ranked among genuine Shakers. And it would be very questionable if the Divine Order of the gospel could not reach such — whether any other means could ever alter their hearts' obliquities. Yours in brotherly love, Robert Aitkin Rio Vista, Cal., September 2,1876 Bro. D. Fraser : Allow me to thank you most sincerely for your articles in The Shaker, especially those entitled, 'Chemical Forces of Plants and Animals.' To use a miner's phrase, 'they go to the bed-rock;' and are such a clear exposition of dietary truth, that I cannot refrain from expressing my admiration of them. If you had the millions of an Astor or a Stewart to bestow upon the people, they would not do so much good as your articles are calculated to effect. Truly yours, E. Y.