MATERIALISM-SPIRITUALISM. NO. 1 W. H. RUSSELL These terms, as commonly understood, are used to express ideas the direct opposites of each other. Yet, taking them in their original signification, there is no sufficient reason why they should be made to represent ideas so different. The materialist is one who asserts that there are certain elements in nature, possessing in themselves, separately, neither intellect, will, affection nor passion; yet when, by some mysterious or fortuitous occurrence, they combine to form the human organization, they produce all the phenomena exhibited by the human soul, but disunited, these phenomena, in each individual case, cease forever. This, of course, is mere assumption on his part. The elements of nature, by combination, pro duce numerous forms — the stately oak and elm, the graceful palm, the slender reed, the plant with its vast variety of flowers, charming by reason of their beauty and splendor of color and delightful fragrance, and the numerous forms of beauty in the mineral and animal kingdoms. The intelligent materialist does not maintain that these formations possess any elements or forces which were not in existence before they assumed their several forms; nor, when dissolved that their elements cease to exist. They may go on combining and shaping themselves into forms of beauty forever. The chemist combines various elements in nature, and produces results which are not effected by them separately. But behind these are the purpose, judgment and skill of the chemist; and these compounds, in many instances, continue in combination until the same skill is employed to separate them. But when separated, they each retain their natural force. That is never lost, neither in the combination of the elements, nor when they resume their original status. It is just as true that the forces of reason, will, memory, love and affection, and the like, are never lost. The contrary of this the materialist has no means of proving, though his theory requires him to assert that there cannot be thought as we see it displayed in man, unless certain elements which he calls material are combined. The human organization contains certain substances which all agree to call material because they are perceived to be identical with similar ones existing elsewhere. But the materialist is unable to prove that there do not exist in the human organization, elements, or primary substances, which have, as yet, escaped the scrutiny of the keenest-eyed chemist. What does he mean by the forces of the elements ? For aught he knows, may they not be distinct substances combined with what he is pleased to call material elements ? When combined, do they add any thing which they did not possess separately ? If so, then something is produced where nothing was. So with the forces of the human soul, intellectual, affectional or passional. It cannot be shown that they are not eternal substances, very refined, no doubt, in their nature, which combine with other elements, forming, ultimately, the intelligent, rational, active being that we call man. Nor can it be shown that these forces once combined will not always continue thus, though they may be separated from what are called the material portions. Just here the materialist and spiritualist diverge. The materialist makes assertions, and it is evident enough that he can do nothing more ; for, if there is no existence of the human being when the earthly form is dissolved, it is impossible to know it; but if there is such, then there is a possibility of knowing it; and this knowledge some claim to possess and undertake to make it clear to others. Like all attempts at demonstration, however, this is not equally satisfactory to all persons. What is absolute proof to one is not so to another. The demonstrations of science are such only to those who investigate the facts for themselves ; and even to some who attempt to investigate, they furnish no satisfactory proof, because there is not intellectual development sufficient to comprehend them. Many rely upon the statements of those who have proved the truth for themselves ; nevertheless, the most satisfactory proof of science, whether physical, intellectual or moral, is that which one acquires for himself and possesses within himself. ' Add to your faith knowledge,' is advice applicable to every human being. For this the virtues of candor, patience and steady perseverance are necessary. Possessing these, whatever may be his present lack, one may constantly ' grow in grace,' and in all those things which lead to the knowledge of immortality.