MUSIC-NO. 11 JAS. G. EUSSELL Musical instruments. — A two-fold meaning is often applied to this familiar term, one of which has reference to the human voice, while the other has reference to mechanical structure, the latter of which is to become the topic for this article. Musical instruments, as mechanical means for disclosing musical tones, have been brought to almost inestimable perfection, yet nevertheless are quite foreign from the cherished claims of some, whose limited knowledge of their superior worth stands yet at very low ebb. Eealizing the prominent reasons for such a woeful disdain of musical instruments, the arguments in their favor could not be otherwise than considerate and candid. To elicit points more clearly, the subject of musical instruments will be considered under four heads, to be treated upon respectively in their proper time and place. First, their use in schools.—Every singingteacher doubtless finds, from personal experience, various degrees of talent displayed in his pupils. Some are capable of accomplishing quite readily almost any and every point presented for their attainment, while others are much more deficient, scarcely able to discern even the ordinary intonations of the gamut, much less to perform them, without a long and tedious taxation upon the teacher, especially if there is not a ready instrument to lighten the weary work, and determine the falling away, if there is any, from the pitch or key — a fault remarkably prevalent where no instrument is used, and equally ruinous to musical effect. Even one faulty singer upon this point is liable to draw a whole choir from the key. Second, their abuse in schools.— Instruments, as a general rule, should never become the moving power in school, but only a 'backer '— an aid to the singers, enabling them to sustain the key. When singers collapse into an indifferent condition, leaving instruments to perform their share of the work for them, they cease to be the mere aids for which they were intended ; hence their use becomes abuse. Third, their use in church.—As preliminary to this point, it may be asserted that, were the mere harmony and beauty of music the only point for consideration, it might with propriety be claimed that congregational singing should be wholly excluded from church. But the writer, with no disrespect to the God-given laws of harmony, takes the position that in the worship of God the greatest good to souls should be paramount to all other considerations ; hence, to restrain or debar from musical praises, because talents are not par excellence, any who should feel moved to join in the song, would be an encroachment upon the devotional feelings of the worshipper that no systematized course of music culture should ever be allowed to justify. (But more of this in our next number.) Musical instruments, wherever used in church, should subserve the two-fold purpose of aids to the singers in sustaining the key, and helps, to swell the strains of music to far greater power and perfection than voices alone would be capable of doing. Fourth, their abuse in church.— Similar, and quite equal to faults shown up in school abuses, may be discernable by those in church, and quite as difficult to remove, attributable not altogether to the use of instruments, but in some measure, at least, to a lack of true de votional feelings, as the writer fails to recognize a single instance of a singer's exhibiting a marked degree of apathy when singing with instruments, that showed less sign of the same malady when singing witliout them. If the use, then, of instruments serves to warrant such lamentable departure from religious devotion, the fault should be attributed to right causes, that instruments which in themselves are designed to be not only harmless, but of great worth to devoted singers, be not made the objects of bitter, condemnatory imprecations, when the real fault is with the singers, some of whom, through their passive, disinterested and irreligious condition of mind, would render the use of instruments a positive abuse.