FRUITFULNESS IN THE DIVINE LIFE ELIZABETH H. WEBSTER ¦ 'I will that ye bear much fruit.' To the citizen of the world nothing is more cheering than to witness the evidence of growth around him; if in the city, the improvement and stability of building; the good order, industry and intelligence of community. If a dweller in the open land, his interest is different, but none the less hearty, in the improvement of his surroundings. The oak tree, which his own hands planted in boyhood, has grown to be a shade and a solace from the mid-day heat, and the vine which, long years after, he guarded and trained, rewards him yearly with its ripened treasures of fruit. Nature has few inactive seasons; but one winter for a whole series of blossoming, fruitage and harvest. What then of that most wonderful of all the creations of God ? Are his periods of growth from infancy and on through adolescence to old age the ultimatum ? or do they comprehend the whole glory and majesty of humanity ? Verily we believe not. There is a germ of infinite possibilities in each mortal tenement, which may grow and develop into an angel, or dwarf and become debased into the opposite; a germ which may grow into a creation of beauty and healing, or sink into a dependency and a curse. As that soul-germ is tended, protected and nurtured, so will be its growth; till, taking on the conditions of maturity, these words of Jesus speak with power to its consciousness — ' I will that ye bear much fruit.' But what is the fruit that such as are called of God can bear? The same as the natural man, whose enjoyments and pursuits are all 'of the earth, earthy?' The same as the natural instincts of man, unilluminated by the self-denying gospel of Christ bring forth, in those who live in the element of worldliness ? Most truly we believe not. A wiser than the generality of mankind has said that the offspring of the spiritually called, are the holy and elevated thoughts, words and deeds which they produce, transmit, and which bless the world with their elevating tendencies. Jesus said,' those who are accounted worthy to attain the spiritual condition live as the angels ' (here on earth). How, then, do the angels live? He has told us how they do not live, when he said : ' They neither marry nor are given in marriage.' Is it mine and thine with them? or have they gained that blissful height for which Jesus and his disciples toiled when on earth ? the oneness in love, which came from each loving his neighbor as himself and providing and caring for no selfish love nor interest ? Curb the tide of natural impulse and desires, and the current, instead of producing natural fruit or limitless waste, will in time yield the peaceable fruits of righteousness. This is the fruit that will yield, instead of uncertainty, blight and mildew, positive results of goodness, and all the Christian graces. The fruit may be slower in developing than that of any natural crop ; but, Oh! so sure; for is it not said ' The sower to the flesh shall of that reap corruption, but he that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting? ' The results will be a progressive elevation into every thing that is just and pure and lovely in the one case, while the slave of his passions will be sinking lower and lower in subjection to them, until ' the evil days will come when he will have no pleasure,' and no earthly offspring, or riches, or honor, will be able to cheer the soul entering on the untried spirit condition, for which the other has become so well fitted. The fruits of the Spirit are love, joy, peace, etc., and though the cross which Jesus bore, arouses in us conditions opposed to those graces, and feels at times heavy, and the yoke burdensome, still will come the time, when the blest fruition will be obtained and the victory complete. The battle must be fought by each one for him or herself ; in one sense single-handed and alone, each soul to its maker; and in another, as in the company of the just and redeemed of all ages ; an innumerable company THE 8HAKEK of the just made perfect. A sympathy which is not of God only weakens and enervates the struggling soul which needs the tonic, bracing air of truth and honest dealing. Watered by the prayers and tears of the faithful and the spirit of contrition and godly sorrow ; strengthened by the rays of truth and love from the Sun of righteousness ; dug about and enriched by the faithful labors of the many consecrated; toughened by the biting winds of adversity and kindly criticism, how sweetly comes echoing down the many years from the great Husbandman : ' Trees of my own planting I will that ye bear much fruit.' Fruits of love and consecration ; the lovely fruits of peace and meekness, which will make you beautiful in the eyes of angels and the good ; and which will enable you to become trees of healing and life for the sin-sick souls of earth — ' Life-giving nourishment for souls an-hungered.' Those who are on the plane of the natural and earthly may perpetuate the earthly image, according to nature's laws, but who are called to a spiritual resurrection, to newness of life and obedience, die to the earthly that the spiritual may live, even as the grain is ground and its vitality destroyed, ere it becomes lifegiving bread to the hungry. ' I will that ye bear much fruit:11 Tor the barren and leafless, we know Give grief to the husbandman's heart. Then hasten, in spirit to grow. The dew and the sunlight receive, The false and the hollow shake off; And true to thy uses perceive — Christ's kingdom is not afar off. If we would grow, we must be faithful in obeying our convictions ; faithful in our temporal avocations and in all the duties of life ; consecrated in all our faculties to the good of the body of Christ, in all its uses and adornings ; withholding no gift which has been intrusted to our care, to be used as by faithful stewards for the interest, enjoyment and edification of the church. Forgetfulness of self, animated with pure benevolence, will make us willing servants of the spheres, in all that is elevating and refining ; will make us more like him who knew no will but the will of the Infinite, and who went about doing good. We shall learn to pass and repass each other as the angels', and would as soon harm ourselves as injure, by thought, word or deed, the feelings of- another. Knowing that love and union and joy and peace are heaven, we shall not thoughtlessly mar that heaven by anything unfeeling or unkind, but shall speak and act so kindly and lovingly, that never a saddened heart or tear-filled eye shall witness against us. In this condition of harmony and love, the angels who are sent to minister to the heirs of salvation could reach us, and by their help and influence we can be . so swallowed up in heavenly joy and illumination, that the sorrows and trials of life would disappear, and fancied joys be no temptation. The sphere of love, blessing and peace would be so strong and sustaining, that ' great would become the peace of Jerusalem,' and lookers on would be constrained to exclaim: ' Behold how these brethren do love one another!' and thus would be spread our Zion's fair fame. The Prophet said that Saviours should appear on Mt. Zion, and to fulfill the type will there not be those who have walked humbly in the footsteps of Him who was pre-eminently a Saviour from sin ? With the authority of the leader and Elder Brother in our redemption, his voice kindly yet earnestly speaks to each of us, his professed followers : ' / will that ye bear much fruit.' ' The true heirs of heaven are all interwoven Like fruit bearing vines in the vineyard of God, Their spirits are living, with beauty they're blooming, While watered and fed by the hand of the Lord. They love one another as sister and brother — Uniting with angels in heavenly mirth, They are the redeemed — The servants who're sealed — The glory of heaven, the light of the earth.' Harvard, Mass.