DECLINE OF SPIRITUALISM There is nothing strange, to us, in the fact admitted by leading Spiritualists, ' that a partial eclipse has gradually crept over the heaven illumined face of Spiritualism.' Having been led out from worse than Egyptian bondage—theological enthrallment—to the banks of a New Jerusalem, where progress might be eternal without impediment, they have chosen to ' tarry by the shore,' and play thus long with the waves and instruments of their liberation, taking no other advantages of their liberation from the house of captivity. The very simple illustration of the return of ' one from the dead' has been, and is verily sufficient to make Babylon of all the pet schemes and man-made creeds of the ages. Though seventy-five per cent of the manifestations claiming to be spiritual phenomena were only frauds, what of it? If twenty-five in one hundred are true, and even much less than these, what will become of the theological pets, physical resurrection, vicarious atonement, election and reprobation, heaven, hell and the devil ? The emancipation from these errors has been experienced, more or less, by spiritualists for twenty-five years ; and millions are the converts from such bondage. The Shaker Church was thus enlightened one hundred years ago; and a continued, unbroken manifestation of communication between the two worlds has ever since been its boast. Had it remained stationary, dallying with the manifold physical phenomena common to it, and which have become so positively disgusting in modern spiritualism, where, spiritually speaking, would said Church long since have been? Eclipsed; blotted out; forgotten. And whatever of eclipse the Shaker Church has experienced, we frankly confess, it has been caused by our failure to progress ; by our ' tarrying by the way '— striving to be satisfied with past phenomena, moonshine — reflected light— rather than pressing forward to the vivifying brilliance and warmth of the sunlit revelations of to-day. Inasmuch as we have progressed from the merely phenomenal to progressive spiritual duty, spiritualism has not only relieved us of dead and deadening theologies, but it has given us new and living convictions. These convictions have led us away from our old lives, even as far as they have removed us from old theologies. They have taught us that the generative, reproductive, earthly principle is not spiritual, however righteous as an earthly elementary, and we have left it for something more progressive. What have Spiritualists done? Spiritualism 'lias instructed us that Communism is more, very much more, spiritual than the narrow circle of the conjugal relation; hence, to be much more spiritual we have embraced Communism. Spiritualists, do you see that we move? 'In heaven above, where all is love,' there is no such narrowness as is exhibited in private families; why should there be in our heaven below? Spiritualism has taken, or is taking away the elements that would make us quarrel and fight for the constituents of the old life ; does it work so with you, eclipsed brethren and sisters ? God grant that it may! Spiritualism teaches us that progress means, 'from the world, from the flesh, far away ;' have Spiritualists arrived there yet ? And so we might continue. We would lash, with whips of large-corded criticism, the converts to Spiritualism for their laxity in accepting the terms of spiritual progress, and accept their lashing criticism, inasmuch as they have transcended us. We hope, and believe a little, in the efficacy of the ' New Movement.' But unless it shall cause their ' righteousness to exceed the righteousness' of their surroundings, and their former, fleshly lives, we will continue in the opinion that they not only accept the eclipse, but desire the old flesh-pots of Egypt, rather than any advance that costs so much self-denial to be genuine Spiritualists. We had greater hopes of ' Spiritualists ' than we have realized. Why ? -fe