EDITORIAL NOTES ' The New Movement,' by Spiritualists, is gaining approbation where it has heretofore been ridiculed. We hailed the same as desirable ; yet wherein does a spiritualist differ from the multitudes, excepting theologically ? And where is the theology, which, of itself, would keep a church mouse from starving ? Spiritnal (?) friends, ' except your righteousness of life exceed ' the lives of your brethren, orthodox, (?) your secession and ' new movements' are useless addenda. Nil nisi cruce, will meet your real needs. Can we not raise sufficient enthusiasm for the Cause op The Shaker, to double our December issue ? Five cents each, from our thousands of readers, would treble, and circulate the usual edition ! How many are anxious, and willing to preach the gospel in this way— silently, saliently and successfully ? The missionary box is now open. Who bids most ? Believing in our principles — living under their excellent conditions — enjoying the good fruits of the gospel very measurably, we are anxious everybody should know of them, and, according as they can afford, test them. We believe the true spirit of inquiry is on its travels; and where sufficient zeal is aroused anywhere, to demand an oral exposition of Shaker principles, such inquirers may unhesitatingly address our valued ' Corresponding Agents,' or this office, for the desired assistance. ' A half a loaf is better than no bread;' and some self-denial is far better salt — salvation — than despairing, unlimited indulgences. A GOOD Shaker in every household would be a living, active reminder to the people of how Jesus lived when on earth. If this cannot be, the next best movement is to place a copy of The Shaker there. 'Let every one preach '— and they can in this way. If we were a millionaire, two millions of households should harbor a copy of The Shaker during 1877 ; and we promise to send a copy somewhere, whenever its cost is received by us. ' Millions for tribute !' Who will interest themselves? The Christ life is the true Resurrection. Who would be ' Children of the Resurrection ' — 'I am the Resurrection,' said Christ—may and can begin that resurrection in this life, with a great deal of spiritual advancement and future gain. The fact that ' the children of the resurrection neither marry,' etc., is not an argument against marriage, so much as it is an invitation to be something higher, better, purer, more spiritual and resurrected than ' the children of the world.' Those who are ' miserable sinners ' have no right to the title of Christians, be they who they may. Christians are those who, naming themselves after Christ, have departed from all iniquity. If Christ associated with publicans and sinners, it was to reform them so they could justly wear his title; and when they would not part from their sins, he tarried with them no longer. From the many exceptions which the clergy of this country take to Prof. Huxley's theories, we presume there must be much true theology in his ideas of science. We have learned that Doctors of Divinity, (?) Theological Students, and Theological Seminaries dislike nothing more thau scientific truth, as illustrated in the life of Jesus, the Christ, or the same, revealed to those who are infidels to the means used, to the end that men may inter pret what scripture does not mean. And thus millions of dollars are worse than wasted on such institutions and men.