NOTES BY THE WAY -NO. 4 TRIFLES H. C. BLINN On my desk, by the hand of some kind friend, I find ' Trifles,' and the last verse says : ' It is the little sins Lead to great wickedness; In little deeds that bless The highest good begins.' Trifles! Well, in the common acceptation of the term it may be perfectly correct, but they ultimate in a magnitude as extended as the whole world. From these trifles spring all the thorns that so seriously afflict poor fallen man on his journey through life. No better sermon could be preached for the redemption of the world than is contained in these four simple lines. Avoid the little sins, the lovely sins, the darling sins — those nearest to our own hearts, and so near that we almost fail to recognize but that they are a part of our being, and we shall never have cause to mourn over those of ' great wickedness.' Sin, like every thing else, grows by cultivation. It may be petted and flattered in the days of infancy, but as it develops on the right hand and on the left, it often frightens SHAKERS, 1Y, NOVEMBER. 1876, SHAKER VILLAGE, 11 THE SHAKER. us long before the age of maturity ; and unless it can be arrested, it becomes in advanced years a frightful monster, and, ' to be hated, needs only to be seen ' in that state. He who wrote in the good book that ' man is born unto trouble, as the sparks fly upward,' illustrates with much accuracy our present condition in life. In this latter day it seems to be inherent in the very germ of our being. If, however, it could be arrested in infancy, there might be more of an encouraging hope of the promised millennium. But while there is so much to encourage not only ' little sins,' but sins of magnitude, it needs an army of peace-makers to speak peace and to proclaim the gospel of 'good news.' The crude and even vulgar manner in which many of the revolting1 crimes are heralded through the land is no doubt often the active stimulus of other deeds of darkness. Shaker villages are by no means so far removed from these messengers of wrong living and wrong-doing but that they are obliged to share, to some extent, in the malaria. Editors and others may perhaps be warranted in saying that they publish what the people wish to read ; but it must be a sad and morbid state of the mind that can dwell with satisfaction over the rehearsal of crime. The warning voice of the testimony of our gospel work is in its every breath against it, as well as against the fascinating sensational literature that is sweeping like a deluge over the land. There may be those who, for the 'little' or the large sins that they may meet in this line, would feel no condemnation for either the writing or reading — indeed, no more than' they would for bearing false witness, or for coveting their neighbor's goods; but as we would not wish to be judged by this standard of mind, we peril our souls and the prosperity of our Christian cause in proportion as we cherish the sins of the world. The relief, yea, the sunshine to this unpleasant picture, comes from the ' little deeds that bless.' In this the peace-maker rinds all that his willing heart is able to do, sowing seeds of kindness — deeds of love. It is a development of the spirit of Christ in the soul which reads: Do unto others as ye would that others should do unto you. While there is such an extended field of usefulness spread out before us, it would seem unfortunate that he who has the least light from God should either hide or squander it through the influence of a less worthy cause. Better would it be in the consecration of our lives to the spirit of good, that whatever we do, it may be as a protest against the little as well as large sins of the world, and ever for the exaltation of our high calling.