ANY IDOLS FOR SALE? The Christian Register says: The Christian Recorder (Philadelphia), organ of the African Methodists, advises the pastors of poor churches, pressed by debt, not to go out begging. ' The better plan by far would be to rally your own people, and get them to give to God the money they spend for naught, in the shape of tobacco, etc.' Most of the ' white folksey ' will be quite prompt to applaud this advice ; but will it occur to them that the same principle applies all round? When the Unitarians, for instance, shall care enough for their own religious privileges and principles to practice some self-denial,and retrench some useless expenses for the sake of getting and doing higher good, there will be a great deal less begging by the weak churches, and a good deal more given by the strong ones. So say we of New Churchmen, or of any kind of churchmen. We should like to rake the contract of running the church, Holy Catholic and otherwise, of all the names and kinds, for the sum which it costs our nation for tobacco. We would agree to build all the churches, pay all the ministers, defray all the incidental expenses, double the amount of contributions to all missions and benevolent objects, and support all the theological seminaries. If we could get such a contract for ten years we should be the richest men in America, if not in world. If men, good men, Christian men, would make as large sacrifices to the Lord as they do for satan, there would be no lack of means to do any work which is given to the Church to do. New Jerusalem Messenger Come now, good, strong Shakers, let us all join in and say and act ' Amen !' to such active, judicious, and Godly conversion of means. When the period conies that we cannot, then we will wish we had done just so; now that we can, let it not be said that we love any habit better than we do the Lord, or those to whom we ought to be the means of conversion unto all Godliness. How much true gospel would our useless, unchristian habits spread if these should be sold? See if the grumblers of The Shaker's tax, or the same for any evangelical work, are not those who are deeply interested in some selfish, worldly habit. ' Sell all ' (useless, ungodly habits), ' and buy' for ourselves and others true gospel principles and the power of salvation,