MAKE ROOM FOR TRUTH GILES B. AVERY [The following excerpts are from a private letter, made without permission of the writer. But they contain so much truth, and the evidences of the 'passing away of old heavens,' together with the needed rebuke to stereotyped religionists, that we make bold to use them, as the property of God and his people everywhere.—Ed.] s ¦» * * Why, we know of many people who believe enough gospel truth to save them from sin. and in their obedience are saved from sin, who nevertheless are very limited in their knowledge of fundamental principles of truth, which other souls would have to be convinced of before they could take one step in the way of God. And these fundamentals are of such vast importance, that a want of their recognition has riveted the handcuffs, whet the guillotines and spiked the torture casks of nations of inquisitors, who, for what they call heresy, have tortured until death, millions of human beings, and retarded the advent of Christ's second appearing for hundreds of years! The probability is, that nine-tenths of those who have enough truth to save them from sin do not see the least impropriety of having as a requisite for eligibility to office in the United States' government that a man should believe in God — no matter if it was the God of the Presbyterians or Trinitarians, claiming that some are elected to heaven from all eternity, let them sin as much as they choose, while others, never so righteous, would be damned, by the decrees of God, to all eternity! They cannot see the point that this requisite of eligibility to civil office would create a State standard of religious belief, and terminate in the adoption of capital punishment or the inquisition for what said officials might denominate heresy. They cannot see that such requisite would fix upon a specific Ood-idea or OodcJiaracter as the God to be believed, to the exclusion of every other, and that thus liberty of conscience would be at once abridged, aye, annihilated! * * * Now, if we should be so conservative as to render nothing which this class of minds would object to, what possible avenue would be open for the continuous revelation of truth, which is what our Shaker gospel claims as a foundation principle of Shaker faith? We confess we cannot see said avenue. Many cannot see why the least objection should be raised to the authority exercised in closing the world's exhibition on some particular denomination's Sabbath, while to carry out in justice such a system of freedom of conscience as Shaker religion claims as Christianity, the exhibition at Philadelphia should either be opened every day of the week, or dosed every day ! But some ask : ' What has Shakerism to do with it ? ' Why, the domain of Shaker testimony and duty covers every moral and religious phase of human error— sin, and it cannot do less than this, to be a gospel of full salvation from all sin. It has been said: ' He cannot live rightly, whose faith is wrong.' Abstractly considered, this is true, yet relatively it is erroneous. A good degree of righteousness may be attained unto by a living obedience to principles, which originates a faith which those so living do not sufficiently understand either to believe or disbelieve. Hence we have, relatively speaking, righteous life without faith; however paradoxical, it is true. * * * * Jesus was a heretic, judged by the religious law of the Jews. Ann Lee was a heretic, according to the theology of the Church of England. Father James Whittaker was a heretic by the standard that justified Abijah Wooster and others in their old heavens religion when Father said: 'Abijah, go and bury your Christ, for he stinks!' This was the Christ of a religion which justified any in living only a Pauline quality of Christianity. Jesus anticipated the proclivity in human nature to create gods, and the tendency to worship him as God, hence called himself the ' Son of Man.' Ann Lee did the same, and often rebuked the tendency to worship her by saying : ' Don't kneel to me, but kneel to God; I am but your fellow-servant.' * * * Shakerism i3 a recognition— 1. Of one God, dual in principle, spirit in esse. 2. Revelation of God through human and angelic media. 3. This revelation has been in progress from time unknown. ' 4. It is manifested to our age through Jesus Christ's example and teachings. 5. Additionally manifested through Mother Ann Lee. 6. Continued in manifestation through their faithful followers. 7. The evidences of these manifestations being of God, and Christian, will be in harmony with, and in support of, principles of truth revealed by preceding media, which have been tested as savory by life experiences. 8. Shakerism is a theology which conserves all preceding revelations of truth, while it continues to reveal truth as fast as humanity (individually or collectively) can be developed to comprehend the wisdom of God. * * *