JOHN RUSKIN DANIEL, FRASER Op the many distinguished living Englishmen, there are few who equal John Ruskin as an artist, in literature, as a hater of shams, in honesty of thought and purpose, and in a true appreciation of a want of righteousness in modern civilization. In his sixty-seventh letter (July, 1876), to the people of England, he dashes off the following outlines : ' A civilized nation consists, in broad terms, first, of a mass of half-taught, discontented, and mostly penniless populace, calling itself the people. Second, of a thing it calls a government, an apparatus for collecting and spending money. Third, of cap italists, many of them rogues, and stupid persons. Fourth, of a certain quantity of literary men, saying any thing they can be paid to say — of clergymen, saying any thing they have been taught to say--of philosophers, saying any thing that comes in their heads. Broadly, the civilized nation consists of mobs, money-collecting machines, and capitalists. The capitalist lends the civilized mob money, to buy gunpowder, infernal machines, or any thing else it has set its idiotic mind on, and appoints its money collecting machines to collect a daily tax thenceforward forever—A National debt.' John Ruskin and his ' Companions ' have, instead of a debt, begun to collect a National Store. They hold, ' That a heap of cannon balls, or a cellar full of gunpowder is not a store, though a heap of potatoes and a cellar full of coals is.' Again, ' Now, the men who have the teaching of the people in their hands at present tell them that it is not practicable for the goverment, or money-collecting machine, to buy potatoes, etc., but must buy iron plates two feet thick, gunpowder, and red tape.' ' The first condition of companionship is Honesty. The second, to earn our own living, and not allow other people to work for us. First, as necessary to our health and honor; but much more, as striking home at the universal crime of modern society — stealing the laborer's bread, and teaching him pious catechisms, that we may keep him our quiet slave.' ' In carrying out the designs of the Society, the person charged with it should be implicitly trusted, and accurately obeyed by the companions. He cannot lose his time in persua. sion or contention ; he must act undisturbedly^ or his mind will not suffice for its toil. Hesitation and opposition might waste and pervert the power of the Society. His authority over them must correspond precisely to that of a Roman Dictator in a war against external enemies. It is not the command of private will, but the dictation of necessary law, which the companion obeys—only, the obedience must be absolute, and without question; faithful to the uttermost.' ' The practice of faith and obedience to some of our fellow-creatures is the alphabet by which we learn the higher obedience of heaven ; and it is not only needful to the prosperity of all noble, united action, but essential to the happiness of all noble, living spirits. The moral scale is raised according to the degree and motive of obedience. To be disobe dient through temptation, is human sin. To be disobedient for the sake of disobedience, is fiendish sin. To be obedient for the sake of obedience, is angelic virtue. Enforcement (of this) must be in the very teeth of the maddog's creed of modernism : ' I will not be dictated to,' which contains the essence of all diabolical error.' He suggests, ' That the mercenary professions— preaching, law-giving and fighting, be entirely abolished.' We, as a people, cannot but bless every good effort. When the designs of these ' companions' are realized, they will but approximate to the work we are in. We have no cannon balls, but heaps of good things; and paid preachers, etc., with us, are as scarce as cannon balls. The time seems to be drawing near when such men as Friend Ruskin may seek to know the secret of our lives ; and we may have to tell them. First, ignoring the action of our sensual — lower self. Second, manifesting to all the higher attributes of our being. Third, loving and blessing those having the charge of affairs, who yield their services without 82 THE SHAKBE 83 money and without price. To such, we can afford to yield child-like, implicit, angelic obedience. Allow me to congralutate you, my gospel relations, one and all, that with us is the Order of Heaven; and that we see before us, the fulfillment of prophecy; that Saviours have come up upon Mount Zion, and do judge the Mount of Esau. And while we bless the Saviours of to-day, by strengthening their hands and hearts, may those of the past be remembered in love and reverence; and emphatically He, who opened the way — 'trod the wine-press alone, while of the people, there were none to help.' And whose sweet word was, ' Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven.' The human spirit who stands in the rectitude and purity of the work we are in, is a ' covert from the storm, and as the shadow of a great rock in a weary land ' of wrong and pollution. Shirley, Mass.