THE BOY WHO HAD A PATCH ON BOTH KNEES, AND GLOVES ON When I was a boy it was my fortune to breathe, for a long time, what some writers call the 'bracing air of poverty.' My mother — light lie the turf upon the gentle form which once enclosed her strong and gentle spirit—was what is commonly called an ambitious woman; for that quality which overturns thrones and supplants dynasties, finds a legitimate sphere in the humblest abode that the shadow of poverty ever darkened. The struggle between the wish to keep up appearances, and the pinching gripe of necessity, produced endless shifts and contrivances at which, were they told, some would smile, and some to whom they would recall their own experiences, would sigh. But let me not disturb that veil of oblivion which shrouds from profane eyes the hallowed mysteries of poverty. On one occasion it was necessary to send me upon an errand to a neighbor in better circumstances than ourselves, and to whom it was necessary that I Should be presented in the best possible aspect. Great pains were accordingly taken to give a smart appearance to my patched and dilapidated wardrobe, and to conceal the rents and chasms which the envious tooth of time had made in them, and by way of throwing over my equipment a certain savor and sprinkling of gentility, my red and toil-hardened hands were inclosed in the unfamiliar casing of a pair of gloves, which had belonged to my mother in. days when her years were fewer and her heart lighter. I sallied forth on my errand, and on my way encountered a much older and bigger boy, who evidently belonged to a family which had all their own dragging poverty, and none of our uprising wealth of spirit. His rags fairly fluttered in the breeze; his hat was constructed on the most approved principle of ventilation, and his shoes, from their venerable antiquity, might have been deemed a pair of fossil shoes — the very ones in which Shem shuffled into the ark. He was an impudent varlet, with a daredevil swagger in his gait, an 'I'm as good as you' leer in his eye — the very whelp to throw a stone at a well-dressed horseman because he was well-dressed; to tear a boy's ruffles because he was clean. As soon as he saw me, his eyes detected the practical inconsistencies which characterized my costume, and taking me by the shoulders, turning me round with no gentle hand and surveying me from head to foot, he exclaimed, with a scornful laugh of derision, 'A patch on both knees, and gloves on! ' I still recall the sting of wounded feeling which shot through me at these words. To parody a celebrated line of the immortal Tuscan — 'That day I wore my gloves no more.' But the lesson thus rudely enforced, sank deep into my mind, and, in after life, I have had frequent occasion to make a practical application of the words of my ragged friend, when I have observed the practical inconsistencies which so often mark the conduct of mankind. When, for instance, I see parents carefully providing for the ornamental education of their children, furnishing them with teachers in music, dancing and drawing, but giving no thought to that moral and religious training from which the true dignity and permanent happiness of life alone can come; never teaching them habits of self-sacrifice, and self-discipline, and control, but rather by example instructing them in evil speaking; in uncharitableness; in envy, and in falsehood, I think with a sigh of the patch on both knees, and gloves on. When I see a family in a cold, selfish solitude, not habitually warming their house with the glow of happy faces, but lavishing that which should furnish ¦ the hospitality of a whole year upon the profusion of a single night, I think of the patch on both knees, and gloves on. When I see a house profusely furnished with sumptuous furniture, rich curtains, and luxurious carpets, but with no books, or none but a few tawdry annuals, I am reminded of the patch on both knees, and gloves on. When I see the public men cultivating exclusively those qualities which win a way to office, and neglecting those which will qualify them to fill honorably the posts to which they aspire, I recall the patch on both knees and gloves on. When I see men sacrificing peace of mind and health of body to the insane pursuit of wealth, living in ignorance of the character of their children who are growing up around them, cutting themselves off from the highest and purest pleasures of their natures, and so preverting their humanity that that which was sought as a means insensibly conies to be followed as an end, I say to myself, a patch on both knees, and gloves on. When I see thousands squandered for selfishness and ostentation, and nothing bestowed for charity; when I see fine ladies bestained and bejeweled, cheapening the toils of dressmakers, and with harsh words embittering the bitter bread of dependence; when I see the poor turned away from proud houses, where the crumbs of tables would be to them a feast, I think of the patch on both knees, with gloves on.