SPIRIT OF THE FARM The Farm Implements. — Now that the crops are laid by, what about the farm implements? We are not going to worry over them — why should we? The editor of this paper has plenty of friends who make or sell agricultural implements, and why should he continue to run against their interests, as he has long been doing, by urging the farmers to take care of their tools? These people must all live, that is if they are not 'middlemen,' you know; and if a neighboring religious editor tells the truth the signs of the times now promise very well for their getting along — the implement makers and dealers, you understand. That editor says he saw in a ride of ninety miles which he took through an average agricultural district the following unhoused implements, namely: Forty-four ploughs, twenty-three harrows, seven mowers, one reaper with beater and platforms as last used, wagons too numerous to count, and in one instance a set of harness hanging on a fence. The ploughs were mostly standing in the furrow where they had been last used. Such a sight as that gladdens the heart of the itinerant manufacturer, and is an example which ought to be followed by every tiller of the soil who wants a new set of implements. And now, dear farmers, such of you as are tired of the old tools, let us give you a bit of advice. If you don't take it any better than advice we have given you on former occasions, all right — it will be no great loss to us; so here it is: Do not rub linseed oil on your fork and shovel and rake handles; do not paint your ploughs and mowers; do not use any rust preventive on the iron and steel parts, and above all, leave every thing out of doors. You really have no idea how quickly you will possess a new set of tools, provided you have a balance at the bank. Only seven mowers and one reaper out in the air in a stretch of ninety miles! And only one set of harness! Well, we will hope for a better report from that section the next time our contemporary goes that way. Jour, of Progress.