BROTHERHOOD One of the transcendent qualities, and best evidences of Christianity, is the manifestation of brotherly love, like unto Jesus' and apostolic times. Perhaps there is no quality more wanting among professed Christians, to make them genuine holders of the title, than an equitable distribution of all their wealth, possessions, time, talents, accumulations. It is apparent to every one that such a distribution is simply an impossibility outside of radical Christianity, and other Christianity is very weak salvation. The natural, unchristian practitioner must have wife or husband; consequently, children should be born; shelter, food, education, etc., are the necessaries following. It is not in human nature, unbaptized by the Christ, to care as well for a neighbor's as for its own. The laws of the Jews recognized and condemned this very selfish principle ; hence, set apart Sabbaths, whereon equal distribution of accumulations and power was again and again enforced — even the land, the foundation of all earthly wealth, was returned to its original owners at intervals of at least half a life time. But the giving-up-all principle, either for God or humanity, is more foreign to the myriads of professional Christians than to any persuasion which they dub heathen. If a man gives up his wife to the Lord, or a woman does the same with her husband, it is with especial understanding that the Lord will permit the continuance of all the selfish, unchristlike behavior of the past. The same of their children, houses, lands, and all personal possessions. Are these not facts ? When Jesus gave up his wife, or her who would have been such to him, he renounced even the further intention of engaging in marital relationship. With its renunciation his life was cut off from the earthly ; and ' who shall declare his generations?' Where are his descendants ? All men and women became his brethren, who, after his pattern, did the examples he set them. All of his wealth was theirs ; all the children conceived and born prior to the Christian conversion of their parents were equally his. The apostles ' left their nets and followed' his examples ; and thus a little community was inaugurated where ' none possessed ought that he called his own.' Thus, Christian purity was not 86 THE merely construed to be virginity of life, but was such in very deed — is as really such today. The practice of virginity opened the way for the equally ncessary, if not superior distinction of life, common property. Professedly Christian friends, ' let us reason together ;' realize the impropriety of bearing a title so commonly misrepresented in our lives. Let us renounce the title, or accustom ourselves to what it was in Jesus and disciples. The renunciation of the name Christian is not nearly as terrible as is the shame of wearing a title that is disgraced by unchristian lives. Let us accept the criticism, that only as our lives comport with Jesus' principles of life, are we his disciples, or worthy to bear the Christian title. Then will shame rest on nearly every church in our world, professing Christ,; aye, every church will want to hide its head with more or less shame. Selfishness predominates almost universally, while the wealthy in power, in talents, in money, secretly, if not openly, oppress and defraud their neighbors ! Why are there rich and pool' in any church calling itself Christian ? Inasmuch as there exists inequalities there is no Christ; no matter where the profession is made, nor who makes it. The voice of The Christ sounds as full of rebuke against selfishness, and in favor of ' brotherly love, today as ever, and do we will to hear it ? And the voice sounds significantly distinct to those making the greater boasts of their profession. Let us all awake to greater righteousness in Christian equality; until before God in our secret lives, and before men in our open professions, the name and the life are synonyms of Christianity. And let the churches shame themselves for their lack, and do better. And let the ' peculiar people,' who, having taken the initiative step in Christ-life—a thoroughly virgin practice —' deal justly, walk humbly,' in the most unselfish and equal manner; being ' zealous in the good works ' comprehended by ana denning Brotherhood.