SOCIETY RECORD North Union, O. North Union, Ohio. Anticipated development of stone quarry at this place looks like a steady source of income to Society. Grist mill, built in 1843, has failed for years to be more than a convenience, and sometimes only an expense, is now running by steam, and likely to be appreciated as one of the best in the country. Nearly 1,000 bushels of oats threshed. Early potatoes were a good crop ; late ones not so good — bugs, etc. Roots and garden products coming in well. This Society has 1,350 acres of land. A dairy herd at the centre family — forty cows — are unequaled in the State. For reasons, see cover, of what Ohio Farmer says. Watervliet, N. Y. Watervliet, N. Y. This Society closed its public services on October 1. On Sunday, September 24, Geo. B. Amery, of White Water Village, Ohio, delivered, by invitation, a stirring address to the people. We were sorry that the usual thousand of auditors was not there. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Much has been said of Shaker speaking and singing at the Salt Point, N. Y., Peace meeting, and there is no doubt much good was done by the attendance and efforts of Elder F. W. Evans &amp; Co. The music, 'Pray, ope the gates,' being a New Hampshire production, and highly complimented, we may as well consider that Enfield had a representative spirit there. While Philadelphia was a failure, Salt Point was a grand success ! Why? Worldly ambition was entirely obliterated in one of these places! Any Societies, dedicated to human improvement, will do well to urge Mt. Lebanon to participate. Enfield, Conn. Enfield, Conn., sent a company of relations^to Mt. Lebanon and Watervliet, during September, on a visit. This is the only company of our visitors that has met with us during the year, and it numbered some very beautiful souls. One of these loved The Shaker so well that she invariably 'reads every word in it, advertisements on cover and all!' Some of The Shaker's best friends are at Enfield, Conn. White Water, O. White Water Village, Ohio This Society is making a determined push to introduce their seeds and other products into eastern markets, and to keep as shy of middle men as possible —as grangers ! Who can blame them ? Canterbury, N. H. Canterbury, N. H. (Shaker Village P. O.), beats the entire world in Washing Machines. While we k»iew they were very good, we are joyful that they are ne plus ultra in their line. We will welcome better, but advise all in need of laundry apparatus to address N A. Briggs, as above. Groveland, N. Y. Groveland, N. Y. (Sonyea, P. O.), has been blest in basket and in store, and we hope they will have storage room to pack their crops, and health and help to secure all. The people are worthy, and needy of much kindly sympathy in lifting a heavy load, unearned by present residents. God helps them. Let the opulent imitate God.