A FLYING VISIT Shakers, N. Y., November 12, 1876. My dear W. —You are aware that important business of The Shaker called me to the city of Concord, N. H.; and being only twelve miles from the beautiful Shaker Village at Canterbury, I made this my home for a couple of days. I am very happy to state to you that an almost perfect system of finances and spirituality makes this Society a model of neatness, comfort and heaven on earth. Here lives the living publisher of The Shaker. Everywhere improvement was visible. Paint has been spread by unsparing hands. Repairs had made things appeal- as good as new. New buildings for threshing and the storage of ice were in progress of erection. The people here are a noble colony. Nearly one hundred persons in the Center Family, and the majority between sixteen and forty years of age ! It would be difficult to imagine a scene, where loving kindness, living industry and devotion to good works were more prominent than here. Order reigns supremely. I attended public meeting on Sunday, and addressed the assemblage in my unqualified manner. The accompanying testimonies delivered by word and song were many, and spiritually effective in the extreme. I learned of an interesting feature at this place. Every ' turn ' of the sisterhood in the kitchen department, began and completed a literary periodical for the month they were so engaged. Casually looking over the 'Cook's Manual,' I found it contained some very good recipes, excellent articles on a variety of sub' jects applicable to the department in which the editor and contributors were engaged, such as 'Cleanliness, Economy, Patience,' etc. I found under the head of 'Accidents,' the number of dishes that had been broken, etc. In its numerical department I found the number of loaves of bread, pies, cakes and biscuits that had been made during the month, and a funny paragraph under ' Obituary,' informed all that an unusually 'large rat had departed! ' This periodical is read to the family every month. I thought it an excellent feature of the kitchen. The singing of this Society is, perhaps, unequaled; and the greatest pains are being taken to give thoroughness in musical education, both vocally and instrumentally. Some have thought, my dear W., that Shaker Societies must rely on adult converts from the outer world for their maintenance, and have carelessly referred to the uncertainty of youth among us. But while all youth must be tried and proved, and thus, many have chosen the inferior life of the flesh, rejecting the superior spirituality of a Shaker life, it must be remembered, how very large the majority is among us, of those whose lives have never been stained by worldly grossness ! You and I, and many scores we know full well, are among this number. I have not only no objections to the conTHE SHA.KER. 93 94: T H 111 S H A. K E R . version of adult converts to our faith, but ardently desire the large accomplishment thereof; yet the youth of our Zion vie with such ' equal to the best steel.' I dropped in on Shirley Village, and was surprised at the vivacity and youthfulness of its many, beautiful Believers. The large number to whom good Eldress Sophronia presented me, encouraged me to make you happier by the narration; and the earnest of love manifested for these dear young people by their seniors, seemed to say: 'Shirley depends on the faithfulness and dutifulness of her young people!'1'' How pretty the village! How exceedingly kind her people! 'I was a stranger, and they took me in,' almost 'killingone with kindness! ' Howells might well have said, after all, 'The half of Shirley's virtues cannot be told.' I stopped at Harvard; and before I could beg their hospitality, I was assured the whole village was mine while I remained ! I was hungry, tired, homesick; I was fed, rested and made most happily at home by these God-fearing, soulloving Christians. My joy, in sweet repose, at Harvard's expense, was sufficient to induce the belief, that the clean, Shaker bed, is a missionary element too frequently unrecognized. Harvard, perhaps, is unsurpassed in the neatness of its appearance. Passing along the avenue that separates its dooryard, all the buildings appear to be in the most perfect condition, and each seemed to waft a most loving invitation to the sin-sick soul, to accept of it as a haven. The unbounded kindness of this people bespoke that God was here; and I believe with Titcomb, that ' God loves these Shakers;' and 'admires' them and their surroundings, regardless of Titcomb. Having to wait several hours at Springfield, Mass., I learned I could reach Enfield, Conn., spend two or three hours, and return before my train left for the west. Twenty-eight minutes from Springfield, through a beautiful country, convey you to the nattiest depot of this country, upon which 'Shaker Station' is most prettily lettered. This depot is a Shaker production, and is most complete in all its parts. At this depot, was Elder George Wilcox, holding the reins, that guided the horse, so beautifully chestnut, and so brilliant of movement, that we confessed our envy, while we moved at the rate of twelve miles the hour! Truly, we were puzzled to know, whether the horse made the happiness of his driver, or the benevolence of the driver made this horse invaluable. Enfield is building the house or dwelling of Greek-cross figure, and of mammoth proportions! The people need it. In the center family, nearly ninety souls reside; and most of these are under forty years! Count again, on the side of Shaker youth! While every thing else wears the happy look of home, a large, convenient dwelling at the Center, is a most welcome and needed structure. Some thirty men were adding to completion, a building that will contain above its foundation stones, nearly three quarters of a million bricks! And passing, with that discreet, almost angelic Shaker — Elder Thomas Damon — over its capacious apartments, I was led to congratulate the young and old of this branch of our Zion on their soon to be enjoyed mansion; and would give notice to 'the weary and heavy laden' that 'there is rest for you' at Enfield, Conn., if you will pay the Christian price. Excuse my length of letter, dear W., but I have flown almost home; I alighted at Hancock, and a fine young man, driving a fine old horse, invited me to ride 'as far as he went.' In his endeavor to find me out, and my sudden appreciation of taciturnity in preventing the disclosure, we had ascended the mountain, through the beautiful Shaker village of Hancock, when my host then thought of those who awaited his return. I descended the hill to Mt. Lebanon! And now, dear W., let your heart beat in unison with mine at the approach! Beautiful scene! First I meet the South, then the Second, then the Second Order of the Church, then the Church Family itself! All seems complete. The ruins are gone. A mansion replaces the good, old house of yore. The 'Ministry's Home ' is well named, even if I give it. The people here are in happy mood, ascending scale, and in harmony. I hear sweet songs — I stop for a moment at the door of 'Lyceum Hall,' and fifty voices are being trained by a Boston 'Coliseum' director. We said 'lucky, happy youth' — count three times for youth — and passed on to the stately North Here, hospitality multiplied by many numbers, was showered upon your unworthy brother. Here, you will find the presentation of between eighty and a hundred souls, bound heavenward, and but few wanting the necessary 'wedding dress.' Here preside Elder F. W. Evans and Eldress Antoinette Doolittle; and here, songs and happiness flowed to my soul unnumbered and unmeasured. January number will contain a beautiful hymn, 'Over the River,' from this place. Oh this grand, novitiate order. Of these things I could write ad infinitum, but visit these and you will find a noble people, followers of the noblest of leaders. Geo. Albert