MUSIC-NO. 12 JAS. G. RUSSELL Concluding Remarks. — To clear up the subject of congregational singing, which was touched upon in the preceding number, it is here asserted that all persons, old and young, with much or little talent for singing, who expect to take part in church, should be constant attendants at singing schools and other gatherings for musical rehearsals; and furthermore, they should not only take part upon all pieces designed to be used in church, but should lay aside their own personal judgments and notions of singing, and conform strictly to the directions of a leader. This being the case, other things being equal, there is much to warrant reasonable success in congregational effect. Not that perfect development of harmony would become apparent, for this would be utterly impossible, but that sufficient results might be reached to insure safety to the true choir, and reflect no material dishonor upon music as an art. Although the objection is often raised that God requires the best at our hands and hearts, it should not be inferred that those particularly favored with the greatest music talents are the only ones to address the great and good Creator through the medium of song. Indeed, were this the case, it would be strikingly characteristic of the Calvinistic principle of election engrafted into the beautiful and divine art of music — that some were elected to sing, while others were doomed to perpetual exclusion, however desirous they might be to possess the talent. From a phrenological stand-point the writer views the illustrations of the various faculties of our mental organization, but fails to find in a single instance a neglect, on the part of the divine Architect, to insert the faculty of music. Still, the observation is made that, in certain mental organisms, such and such faculties are small, but not entirely wanting; hence there arises a chance for more or less culture and development of each and every faculty of our mental being, music not excepted. Under these considerations the writer fosters the belief that in any congregation, in almost any parish or church, there may be found, oat of every twenty individuals, nineteen that are sufficiently talented to become, by close application to music culture, good and reliable singers, capable of forming- a choir that, as a whole, though termed congregational, would better by far redound to the beauty and glory of church worship than would a select choir, set apart exclusively for singing, whiTe a majority are sitting by with closed mouths, accrediting great honor to the talented few, and seemingly unmindful of the Divine Presence they had assembled to worship. From these remarks I would not be understood to infer that no select choir should ever be heard or known to exist in a church, as evidently there are some church pieces, or portions thereof, so characterized as to be rendered far more impressive when performed by a few voices only, than they otherwise could be; but such renderings should be considered mere exceptions to the general rule. The fact should ever be apparent that church worship should be conducted on a principle, the basis of which should be sufficiently extensive to meet the demands of a religious community as a whole. By way of appendage to this series of articles I would add that the various points taken up, as bearing upon the subject of music, are drawn mostly from scientific facts. Portions drawn from the stand-point of personal experience only may not all bear the test of superior reasoning; hence such parts are only fit to be left in the dark abyss of forgetfulness, while the author professes progress, ever onward and upward, grasping the true, and leaving the false, actuated and inspired by the beautiful motto, 'Ever pursuing, EVER STRIVING TO BECOME.' Thus animated with the love for higher development in the lovely art of music, the explorations in this great field will become deeper and broader as the mind continues its reSH A-KEIR. THE 91 searches after truths which, though now seem lost in hidden mystery, will yet be revealed in as perfect light as those numbered in the revelations of the past. Trusting and sincerely believing the 'wheels of progress' will be ever kept in motion, bringing new and increasing light into every department of useful knowledge, I close, for a season, my essays upon music, and bid my readers an affectionate farewell.