VISIONARY DREAM Or Interview with the Spirit of Brother Daniel Moseley, on the Night of Aug. 12, 1876. —o— He seemed to have a chart of his whole earthlife, each point of particular significance was marked. He said, ' when I came into conscious being in the rudimental sphere of existence, unlike the majority of youth and children of the present age, I was shielded from many temptations to which they are exposed, and was at times much exercised in mind in regard to religion, and I entered the gospel crucible, before being caught- in the meshes of the grosser sins of the world ; but the world proper was in me, and my deep, soul struggles were many. When I had contested the enemies' claims and gained some point, I thought to rest a while on laurels won ; but there was always a spirit near to urge me forward to engage in other battles, and win still greater victories. Thus I went from point to point in my work and travel, and after passing through many life and death struggles, and many seasons of judgment, there came to me, one great day of judgment—one general review of all the transgressions of my life, of which there had been a record kept in form of a chart. There I saw all the good and evil, the just and unjust thoughts and doings toward myself and others, a sight of which caused me both joy and sorrow.' At this point, Elder Daniel Boler stepped in ; ' ah,' said brother Daniel Moseley, ' there is a man who greatly resembles his elder brother Daniel, in the work assigned him to do in the field of gospel labor, in so far as courage and unflinching determination to do, and to suffer are requisite in performance of duty, leaving fears and doubts in the wake, behind the great ship.' Elder Daniel Boler smiled and said, ' where are all our worthy veterans — the old saints who served in the army of the Lord? Whither have they gone or hid themselves ? Of late I have been searching to find them?' ' Well,' said Brother Daniel Moseley, ' for this very reason it is a wise arrangement that we pass within the vale, out of sight of mortals, that they may not stay their minds too much upon past events, nor upon their predecessors in the gospel work ; but fix their minds and give their energies to present duties, and to perform the work of their own day and time.' Antoinette Doolittle