EDITORIAL NOTES Unless individuals are more than casual observers, the subject of Communism will appear in statu quo, or on the wane. But we have assurances — moral, social, political and, more than all, spritual — evidences of our senses — that Communism never ranked so highly, nor was ever more ardently desired, numerically speaking, than to-day. The majority, however, embody in their desired resolutions of organization, so many elements of human, perverted selfishness, that if organizations are born, it is too frequently to die after an ephemeral existence. Nevertheless, good will come of all these. Those who would be Shakers — members of a ' new creation '—' children resurrected ' above the ' world,' are invited to read ' Would You ? ' in another column. Therein is embraced, in epitome, the whole cross of Christ, according to our understanding of the gospel introduced by Jesus, the Anointed. To bread and butter thieves — those whose lives embrace but the seven constituents — five loaves and two fishes — such paragraphs will prove a bitter pill and be refused. But to the sincere seeker after the Christ life — to the weary and heavily laden with sin, 'Would You' will prove the 'pearl of great price,' and be accepted as a rest, worth more than worlds without it. The grandest phase of human development presented to our humanity is the evolution from the sensual to the spiritual; from selfish to unselfish benevolence ; from Adamic followers to Christ disciples; from men and women, subject to anti-christian impulses that make and people the earth, to the conditions of resurrection, representing the Christ in Jesus, and by the possession of which, ' heaven on earth,' is already begun. To be a Christian means more than mere profession. It means a ' new creature' with whom ' old things are done away,' and the evolution into practices not sustained by fleshly indulgences. Who are Christians in deed? Not until mankind love their neighbors better than themselves, will the pendulum of progress impress the mind with true Christian demands. While ' doing unto others as we would they should do unto us ' is very golden, the entire crucifixion of selfishness in behalf of the brotherhood can set no bounds; and this can alone rouse the soul from the mere letter of the rule to the most wholesome, heavenly consecration. Before the crooked stick of perverted humanity can be made as straight as the golden rule, it must be bent and retained in excess of what that rule demands.