DISTINCTION OF SHAKER COMMUNISM Our communism with certain classes of people unjustly bears the reputation of being bigoted, narrow, and too recluse. From these we are receiving constant invitations to enter into deeper sympathies with other organizations, multiplying so rapidly in this age of the world. Our communism means more than an earthly competence and home. It attaches itself with grave importance to those superior elements which determine that we are ultra religionists. There is a salvation derived from temporal cooperation ; but this is only a minor salvation, compared with the grand feature of salvation from the great paucity and bondage of our sins. Distinction from organizations which live on the animal plane of life is a positive necessity of our existence as such religious people. We cannot in conscience, having the perpetuity of our celibate principle in mind, join hands with those who are seeking sensual delights by an opposing conduct. With us, the struggle to maintain for the spirit the mastery over the flesh, is an all important one. For this have we separated ourselves physically from worldly associations and policies ; for this, only, have we entered into compacts with each other in our various gospel homes — the better to triumph over the 'lusts of the flesh, of the eye and the pride of life.' Active sympathy, even to a limited extent) with communists engaged in the continuance and exercise of unchristian practices, however good such practices may be, judged from a worldly standard, would be to us a return to what we have vomited — the dabbling again with uncleanliness from which we have been washed and resurrected. Said our great leader in substance: ' I am not of the world, so be ye not so conformed.' To us, that great light is a directing testimony in present and future life, and unmistakably says : Be virgins ; love one another, with that superior love which seeks the maintenance of virginity in all unselfishness. Be peaceable — an outgrowing condition from genuine virginity. Keep unspotted from all worldliness. Occupying, as probationers, a middle ground between the heavens and the earth — attempting with some success, a heaven on earth — we are casting from us as fast as possible, the barnacles that prevent a living progress toward the community spirit of advanced conditions. We look hence to the spirit land : large homes for kindred spirits — made so by similarity of life hereafter. Experiencing the larger spirituality from an entire absence of the practice or passions of the reproductive elements; from .whatever engenders worldly strive ; from selfish relations of single or marital promotion, and from the hampering influences of political combinations and worldly copartnerships, we find it an utmost necessity that we maintain a peculiar, superior and unflinching distinction from those whose theology teaches, and whose sense of religion permits, indulgences not born of the spirit of Christ. The testimony of Christ is not aggressive, per se. As an illustration : Jesus lived as a Christian should; in all purity; in communism; in peace; in distinction from the world. His injunction was, ' Go into all the world and preach these,' with the ever winsome, inviting spirit of the Christ: 'Let whosoever will, let them come.' No compulsion ; no prevention. ' Herein is the Christian's comfort ; if you desire its fruits, sow no more to the flesh, but to the Spirit.' We rejoice at every effort communism makes for the alleviation of humanity, and it has made many already ; but we, seeking the communism of the heavens, cannot commingle with the merely earthly, communistic elements, now becoming so popular. Our com92 munism admits of but one class. Our bishops, our elders, trustees, deacons, rank and file, are required by our community contract to live similarly and after the purity and unselfishness of the heavenly church. As oil and water will not of themselves blend ; as flesh and spirit will not thus agree ; so we, determined to maintain our distinction for the sake of superior spirituality, give no consent, nor will admit of any element that would inaugurate a harmony, that will cause our clean garments to trail at all in worldly lusts.