CLOUDS MABTHA J. ANDERSON The sun in its splendor rose early at dawn, Revealing the beauties of meadow and lawn ; For every green spear with a crystal drop gleamed, As on them the golden shafts silently beamed; Yet, if as by magic, in earliest day, The glisten of diamonds had vanished away. The brooklet came laughing from out of the wood, As if 'twere intent on a mission of good ; So full were its waves as it dashed on its way, It sent up, like incense, a beautiful spray, But ere the sun reached its meridian course, Its volume and motion had lost half their force. The lake in its beauty (so placid and still) Lay down at the foot of a steep, wooded hill, Yet sunbeams were glancing just over the crest, And lighting the ripples that danced on its breast, Exerting the while a mysterious sway, Which seemed to be drawing its moisture away. The river rolled on 'neath the sun's vivid rays, Kefiecting a glory too bright for the gaze ; But soon was seen rising a mist, light as air, And where was it going? O! who shall tell where ? Up, up it went floating, and sped o'er the hill, An omen in future of good, or of ill. The ocean swelled grandly, its billows rose high, As if any power Its strength could defy; Yet subtle the force, and electric the glow, That meets in its majesty wide ocean's flow. The air is just tensioned with heat, to draw up And take a good drink from old Neptune's great cup; Away goes the nectar ambrosial and free, Alike from the fountain, the ocean and sea. The atmosphere gathered, but could not retain The volatile vapors it held for its gain ; So upward they rose In e.thereal space, Where cloudland so changeful in fancy we trace, The sprights of the wind, bound for mischief the worst, The gathering mists in confusion dispersed. Soon the face of the sky from the east to the west. Was covered with waves like a white foaming crest, But, fitful as fancy, and fleet as a thought, Behold, what a change in the aspect is wrought! Like a fleece of white wool, just clipped from the ewe, The clouds are spread over the deep vault of blue ; Now gathering closer, they tower on high, And rest in their grandeur against the clear sky. There's reared in the distance a castle so bright, It gleams as if raised by the spirits of light; Too soon it has vanished, and mountains of snow Are rising, then melting beneath the sun's glow. There are chariots of fire, and steeds of the wind, Which leave in a moment no traces behind; Then argosies, freighted for some distant shore, Fold up their white sails and are heard of no more. There the Elephant's seen, and the White Polar Bear, The Seal and the Walrus float out on the air; And thousands of wonders which meet the trained eye, No conjuror casts in his magical die. With signs of the weather this realm is replete — They are heard from the lips of each friend that you meet; ' There are bars in the South,' or ' the morning sky's red, Which will surely bring rain on the traveler's head.' Well founded this maxim, 'If rain goes up hopPi'g, Then rain will assuredly come down a dropping.' The farmer will tell you when cloudless the sky It often betokens a storm brooding nigh ; With keen observation to science allied, The action of winds and of clouds are descried. Savans have explored this most wonderful field, And facts that are noteworthy carefully yield; Seven species of clouds are described with their names. The result of the knowledge one scientist claims. First Cirrus, the cloud formed the highest in air, Resembles the tresses of light waving hair, A change of the weather it seems to imply, Rain, if it increases ; wind, if it keeps high ; Fine weather if fringes descend from below, And melt away quickly beneath the sun's glow. Next, Cumulus forms in a low atmosphere, In dense, convex masses 'twill often appear; By the wise it is called the fair cloud of the day, Beginning when morning shines over our way. Its maximum reaches when Sol's at its height, Then melts when approached by the shadows of night. Now Stratus will nearest earth's surface be found, In flat sheets extended above and around, It forms when the sun has just passed from the sight, And is termed, by its coming, the cloud of the night. Its mists may be seen o'er the river and plain, But does not betoken the com ng of rain. The days that oft follow this cloud of the night, Are always remarkably tranquil and bright. Cirro Cumulus forms in the atmosphere high, Consisting of groups of small cumuli; At different heights in flat strata 'tis seen Reflecting the brightness of days sunny sheen. In some latitudes, in the winter 'tis rare, But in summer betokens the days that are fair. 'Tis the beautiful cloud, some call 'mackerel sky,' With its tints at the sunset no painter can vie. Cirro Stratus spreads out like a layer of sheets, Which is apt to descend if disturbance it meets; When high o'er the zenith, a light, gauzy shroud, But near the horizon it forms a dense cloud ; 'Tis changeable ever, though calm seems the air, And indicates rain, though the weather be fair. When low in the sky, it is seen to descend, The rain will soon follow its course to attend. If the weather is cold a 'Scotch mist' it will form, A ' hat ' on the mountain peaks if it is warm : At first it appears like a mere hazy light, Which envelops the moon in a circle at night. Atmospheric disturbance it seems to foretell, Yet on all its changes we'll no longer dwell. Cumub) Stratus is small cumuli, United by itratus like clouds, dense and high, Called indefinite clouds, whicn to earth ne'er descend, Unless in their changing with others they blend. If they rise in huge masses of singular form, Precursors they prove of a dark thunder storm. If Cirrus appears at the time, high in air, The weather which follows will not then be fair; But if Cumulus Cirrus above shall appear. The rain will soon pass, and the weather be clear. The cloud we call Nimbus, prepared as it lowers. Descends to the earth, with its copious showers. O cloudland! so varied, so old, yet so new! Through fancy and science thy glories we view ; And while we're discerning the signs of thy face, The skill of an infinite artist we trace. Ever learning sweet lessons of wisdom and love, From scenes all around us, below and above. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.