COMMUNITY PRINCIPLES AS A PART OF CHRISTIANITY NELSON CHASE ' Then Peter began to say unto him, Lo, we have left all and have followed thee.' ' And Jesus answered and said, Verily I say unto you, there is no man that hath left house, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my sake, and the gospel's,' ' But he shall receive ^ hundredfold now in this time, houses, and brethren, and sisters, and mothers, and children, and lands, with persecutions ; and in the world to come eternal life.' Mm* 10: 28, 29,30. Fkom these sayings of Jesus, we begin to date a foundation for community life in the church of Christ. The principle was carried out in the life and character of the little band of twelve who followed Jesus when upon earth, and the principle was confirmed and established by the church at Jerusalem at the day of Pentecost, when ' they were all filled with the Holy Ghost,' and ' were of one heart and of one soul; neither said any of them that aught of the things which he possessed was his own; but they had all things common.' Acts 4: 31,33. Hence we are to understand, a religious community is a community of interests, embracing a people whose possessions are the property of all ; all having a voice in its management, subordinate to a head. A man owning a farm has the right of its direction. It is under the control of his family, subject to the head of said family. It is under his control to stock and improve it; otherwise, it is an object neither of attraction nor interest. In communistic societies the spirit is not changed, the principle undergoes no revolution, the effect is consequently the same. If community means simply a people drawn together as a convenience for economy in the business acts of life, having no religious principle interwoven, the interests of the body being held by a privileged class, whose duties required their talents and labors for the support and protection of the body which had no voice in the institution, no right to ask, why do ye so, it is no other than master and slave, bond and free, producing caste, high and low, rich and poor. The government differs widely from a theocracy, remote from Christian authority. It is oligarchy. Community, as a part of Christianity, is designed to take hold of the selfishness of man; otherwise, self remains unsubdued. Individuals personally assuming independent control of community interest cannot be in the work of governing or destroying in themselves a selfish animal nature; on the contrary, they foster and nourish it, causing SHAKER. THE SHAKER. greater development and growth, thus choking and destroying even the Christian virtues; not only preventing themselves, but other pure-minded souls who would not be selfish, from the enjoyment of that to which they are justly entitled. As one interested in the unfoldment of greater truths, in an open door for the increase of righteousness, I ask for myself, for my brethren, yea, for all men, that we cultivate without reserve and with greater zeal, more love, more union, the basis of all that is great and good. Let us combine with the principle of community of interest, that of the true virgin character, each one working unselfishly for the encouragement, the strength, the comfort and good of every other one, laboring in our souls to become purified in spirit; first, condemning wrong in ourselves, ignoring slander and backbiting, laying aside every weight and the sin that doth so easily beset us, and putting away from our hearts all that tends to produce hard feelings. Here is our protection, our justification. Here we find peace flowing like a river, bringing to our souls life and joy eternal. Enfield, N. H.