Mt. Lebanon, October 30, 1876 E. W. Laws, Esteemed Friend : Your letter of 21st inst., at hand. We begin to see eye to eye. Why not ? To my perception, your heart is more elevated than your understanding. It should be so. Feeling has no fellow — not even reason. Your inquiry, ' What would become of the world, if all were Shakers,' is as pertinent as it is common. ' The oranges upon an orange tree do not all ripen together. The natural man and woman are as green fruit on humanity's tree. The first Adam and Eve— father and mother of the generative order — soid. The second Adam and Eve — father and mother of the resurrection order — reap. Jesus was cut off from the earth, by the Christ-spirit, so that none could declare his generation, nor exclaim behold thy son, or daughter. Does it seem incredible that God should raise the dead — resurrect natural man and woman, before they leave the body— a kind of first fruits of the resurrection, as the apostles and early Christians were wont to call themselves ? Shakers are first fruits. The great command was not to man only, but to all the animal kingdom. Goals obey it. The multiply and replenish law is inherent in natural man and woman, as in other animals. It is obeyed with as much fidelity by such as never heard tell of the statute, as by pious bible readers We, upon whom the eud of the generative earth has come, obey the new commandment — ' love one another,' — not as husband and wife, but as brethren and sisters. When wars shall cease to the ends of the generative earth, by want of food and room to be, it will be manifest that such types of humanity as are able to receive the higher law, should live the virgin life. And thus genuine Christianity will redeem the earth from depopulating crimes, and furnish checks to excessive population. Two orders of people are coming up. To which will you belong ? Of the new earth, generation will be the corner-stone, but a man will not touch a woman save for offspring. In the new heavens, man does not touch women, generatively, at all. It is as natural for a highly developed intellectual man, like Swedenborg, to live a celibate, as for a highly developed spiritual man, like Jesus, to forsake father, mother, brothers, sisters, houses and lands, for Christ's sake. Then his father, mother, brothers, sisters and children are they, who through the Christspirit, have the word of God and obey it. They are a community, like the Angels in Heaven, for they are in Heaven. In love, F. W. Evans