DOES GOD WANT HIS NAME IN THE CONSTITUTION? CECELIA DEVYR While a clergyman, or even a Christian has a quid of tobacco in his mouth ? Does He want His name put into the Constitution^ while the government receives a large revenue from the traffic of the lower regions — the liquor trade ? Does He want His name voted into the Constitution by hands that could neither cast the first nor the last stone at that gigantic, black sin which is mildly called the ' social evil ? ' Does He want His name put into the Constitution by any who go through the miserable sham of sanctifying a system of marriage, whose soul-grinding and body destroying slavery, the broken constitutions and early graves of American women so directly testify against ? Does He want doctors, who poison constitutions with drugs, to put His name into a paper document ? Does He want lawyers, who ' devour widows' substance,' who only administer full justice to their own pockets, and for a pretense, make profession of Him, to negotiate His name into the Constitution ? Does He want any Judas Iscariot, of high or low degree, who sells republicanism here, and the hope of the downtrodden abroad, for pieces of precious metal, or for United States' bonds, to put His name into the Constitution ? A society that, through monopoly, crushes some of His weak children down to wretchedness, and drives the rest along the road of crime, where the jail and the hangman's rope are liberally provided; that takes the sword and forgets to love mercy, and remembers not the injunction to depart from iniquity upon naming the Holy Name—a society that practically denies the power of God and the principles of Christ, need not blaspheme these names by putting them into the Constitution. We sometimes read of confidence men ; but the most astounding and unblushing confidence men, are those engaged in this present Church and State scheme. It is melancholy to contemplate at this time, when there is work to be done, that faithful, earnest laborers are being called away to help these designers to overthrow the good which has been effected during the century— that priestcraft is once more coiling itself around the life of a nation, and if it is not shaken off, history will repeat itself. There is but one way in which the name of God can be safely put into the Constitution: Let there be an amendment that in God's name, the name of God and Christ will be forever kept out of that Instrument. Let those who would honor God, be peacemakers ; and they shall be called the children of God ; and if they would be disciples of Christ, by this will all men know them; if they have love one for another ; and if they would be high priests unto God and humanity, let them not only preach the gospel to the poor, but so preach the gospel that there shall be no poor; ' for the earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof;' and all who dwell thereon are ' Heirs at Law to their Father's Estate.' ' For all ye are brethren.' It is mockery to put God's name into the Constitution while His children are thus robbed. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.