MATERIALISM-SPIRITUALISM. NO. 2 TO. WM. H. BUSSELL TnAT there is so great obscurity respecting the continued existence of man after his physical disorganization, is to many a sufficient reason for rejecting the idea altogether. Why, they ask, should a matter of so great importance to man be involved in so much darkness as to leave him in doubt? The answer, oft repeated, that there is no more obscurity respecting this matter than almost every thing else in the world, and that truth, though not coy, yet loves to be sought after, and ofttimes, earnestly, is not satisfactory to certain minds. The indolent mind will still ask, why the necessity of this incessant work ? It is true, the materialists are not all idlers, mentally. Some are distinguished for their profound investigations in the arcana of nature ; and to many of those who trust to others to do their own thinking, it is a sufficient reason why they should call themselves materialists, because these philosophers, these scientists, are such. These have searched nature through, and nowhere have discovered the fountain whose waters give immortal youth. With their hammers they have broken the primitive rock ; they have searched through the secondary and tertiary formations, and lo, it is all material! They have put it into their crucibles and reduced it to its original elements, and still there is nothing but matter. Besides, the definitions that have been given to spirit by those claiming to be teachers in all spiritual things have not tended to enlighten these matter-of-fact minds. The Infinite Being himself has been metapJiysicised into something impalpable, intangible; so that the question might very properly be asked: ' Canst thou, by searching, find out God ? ' It is not unreasonable that the scientist, if he cannot ' find out the Almighty to perfection,' yet should be able to lay hold of something substantial, something that shall satisfy his investigating, reasoning mind that there is a ' Potency in nature,' a Reality capable not only of forming the unnumbered worlds in the universe, but also of sustaining in existence forever each intelligent being found in them. Those who regard themselves as set for the defense of spiritual truth do not help such by getting angry and calling hard names. Denunciation never converted an ignorant errorist; certainly it never can convert thinking, investigating minds. Religion, so called, has many sins to acknowledge at the confessional of truth — the greatest absurdities in doctrine, as well as the profoundest mistakes in the attempt to convert man to what is deemed the truth of God. Spiritualism, to show herself heavendescended, must be clothed in garments of light; must be able to convince the judgment of candid, thoughtful minds, and confound the errors of unreasoning ones. She must be able to prove herself something more substantial than the gods which the old poets have invoked, or the shades which they have evoked. If not clothed with the materiality of flesh and bones, to be seen and heard, felt and handled by the corporeal senses, yet to be made manifest unmistakably to the inward consciousness as though she possessed these external attributes. There are thousands calling themselves spiritualists who claim to have as clear and definite knowledge of certain things pertaining to another state of existence as they do of those pertaining to the earth. But there are thousands of others, of thinking, cultivated minds, who have not this knowledge, and who deny that there can be such. This being the case, it does no possible good for the former class to berate the latter as ignorant or selfconceited ; nor for the latter to upbraid the former as superstitious, easily imposed upon, and willing to be duped. Candor is becoming to both sides, which both have lacked too long. The earnest spiritualist desires to impart the knowledge which seems to him of so much importance to those who have it not, and it seems to him that it should produce as powerful an effect in other minds as in his own. But the facts do not accord with the seeming. There is nothing, then, for him to do but to wait with patience for the day of triumph ; to seek for new displays of truth, as well as new methods of imparting what is demonstrated truth to his own mind. Patience will work for herself a perfect work, even among the ignorant, the indifferent, the indolent, the scientist, the philosopher, as well as the fearful and despairing. ' Hope, the charmer, lingers still behind,' to encourage all, and point all to the opening portal of endless life.