BOOK NOTICES Huxley The Conflict between Darwinism and Spiritualism J.M. Peebles Prof. Huxley in America: This is one of The Tribune's extras, and is sold in sheet for 10 cts., or in pamphlet 25, etc. It is made up of verbatim reports of that great philosopher's lectures in this country. His three lectures on Evolution are embraced in this Extra. The issuing of these cheap pamphlets may be a money-making operation ; but it is one of the best means of spreading knowledge, and the knowledge much needed by the people that has yet been discovered. We call especial attention to what Huxley calls the ' Milton Hypothesis.' Address, The Tribune, N. Y. S. R. Wells &amp; Co. have just issued a very unique little volume upon 'How to Sing,' and by some it will be considered an indispensable companion. It purports to be a dialogue between Preceptor and Pupil, and treats upon a great variety of musical subjects, pertaining particularly to the voice. As our readers are very interested in this subject, they will address the publishers, at 737 Broadway, N. Y., inclosing 50 cents. The Conflict between Darwinism and Spiritualism' is a pamphlet written by our friend and brother, J. M. Peebles, and published by Colby &amp; Rich, 9 Montgomery place, Boston, Mass. The telling blows which this brightest light of Spiritualism gives in favor of his favorite theme, is an assurance that if any one can settle this conflict, it is J. M. Peebles. See Adv. P. Garrett &amp; Co., publishers, Philadelphia, are issuing a series of volumes, each of which contains one hundred selections from the choicest literature of our times. A copy, No. 4, we have been favored with. Among the 100 pieces we find the almost inimitable poems, 'Betsy and I are, Out,' and Phebe Cary's 'Nearer Home,' either of which is worth the price of the book. 75 cents, cloth ; 30 cents, paper. Bound volumes of The Shaker, for 1876, can be procured at this office ; sent post-paid, to any address, for $1.10. First come, first served. Order before January, 1877.