AGRICULTURAL The Austrian system of making sour hay is very simple The Austrian system of making sour hay is very simple. It consists in digging long graves or trenches, four feet in depth by six or eight in breadth. The newly cut clover and grass is crammed into the trench and tramped tightly down. When the trench is quite full, so that the contents are a little above the surface, the whole is then covered up with a foot or fifteen inches of earth, just as a heap of potatoes is covered. Prof. AVrightson states that the preservation is complete, and the wetter the fodder when it goes together the better. No salt is mixed with the grass. He further states that this 'sour hay' affords a capital winter fodder, and when cut out with hay spades it is found to be rich brown in color and very much liked by stock. Pulp left in the manufacture of sugar from beet is also preserved in the same way, and, it is stated, will keep fresh for five or six years. Although Prof. Wrightson does not say so, still we imagine that green vetches may also be stored by the same method. When we formerly referred to this matter, we expressed a wish that some of our readers would make a careful trial of the Austrian mode of preserving green fodder. London Times. Greasing Wagons: A good wagon costs a considerable sum, and it should be taken proper care of, and made to last as long as possible. Few persons understand the importance of thoroughly oiling the axles, etc., of wagons and carriages, and still fewer know which are the most suitable lubricators to use, and the proper way of applying them. A well-made wheel will endure ordinary wear from ten to twenty-five years, if care is taken to use the right amount of the proper lubricator ; but if this matter is not attended to, a wheel will be used up in five or six years. Lard should never be used on a wagon, for it will penetrate the. hub and work itself out around the tenons of the spokes and spoil the wheel. Tallow is the best lubricator for wooden axletrees, and castor oil for iron. When oiling an axletree the spindle should be wiped clean with a cloth wet with spirits of turpentine, and then apply a few drops of castor oil near the shoulder and end. When greasing an axletree, just enough grease should be applied to give a light coating; more does more harm than good, by working out and damaging the hub. Coal ashes have a wonderful effect upon pear trees, especially those growing in light soil. The ashes of last winter were used around the trees in liberal quantities, and those so treated have outgrown any thing in the orchard. Some that were even sickly, and apparently ready to give up their hold on life, have been restored to perfect health by these remedies. A Western farmer says he has cured and preserved his broom-corn crop A Western farmer says he has cured and preserved his broom-corn crop in a superior condition, by cutting, and, in six hours afterward, piling it between layers of hay. Stacking in the western country is the rule, and he claims that the hay was both roof and ventilator.