SELF-RULE JULIA O'CONNELL ' He that hath no rule over his own spirit, is like a city that is broken down, and without walls.' This sentence is presented as an inward monitor and an external mirror. Often lias its truth flashed before me in private thoughts. If we will suppose every thought of our lives planted and grown to fruitage, how many of us would be willing to gather such a harvest, or even be willing to stand afar off and gaze on the distortion ? Yet, when we distrust the peace of others by giving rein to an envious, jealous or fault-finding spirit, how surely are we growing unto a harvest, what we even refuse to look at as a reward ! ' The walls of the city broken,' our self-respect wanting; the love that is of God dying within our souls, having measured unto us in return, what we have meted out to others. But there are other means of failing to ' rule our spirits' than by the planting of briers and thistles in the hearts of others. May we not indulge in melancholy and moroseness until our spiritual sun is darkened? Our friends turn foes and our whole lives revolve in gloom. Is there not a possibility of losing control of our own spirits, by such an over-anxiety for others, that, in imagination their existence and presence seems to be the axis of our own lives ? Being willing even to dwell in the shade, rather than hide the sun unto them ? Sacrificing, beneath this very partial influence, not only deserved pleasures, intellectual rights, but dwarfing besides, the growth of the spirit and preventing its approach unto God ? Aggression from unholy impulses; consecration to a narrow, unchristian partiality; these break the walls of our city. Who said that having rule over the spirit was greater than taking a city, had a correct understanding of human nature and its inclinations — knew so well the seductions of perversion; how willing the flesh and weak the spirit; how little by little the walls of the city may be broken, until the valley of desolation is wofully reached. Union Village, 0.