THE SHAKER AND ITS MISSION We are in receipt of frequent evidences that The Shaker, true to the purposes for which it originated, is an educator in the societies of believers, and particularly a comforter to those sin-sick souls ' not of our fold as yet.' From brethren and sisters throughout our Zion home consoling evidences of appreciation greet our ears and encourage our souls. But unmistakable proofs come out occasionally that The Shaker, true to its mission, is being found by ' the lost sheep ' of spiritual Israel, and by such is hallowed as the morning star, at least, of a new, spiritual day. One lady in New York accidentally (apparently) was handed a copy. Becoming more and more interested, she determined to present a copy of volume VI to each of her near relatives (quite a number), because ' I know of nothing better that I can offer them as reading,' etc., and adding a few of the kindest words of appreciation to the publisher, determined to be a life subscriber. Another lady in Cambridgeport, Mass., perchance found a copy of the Octobp:r number. In a letter to the editor she says: ' It is only a year since I first knew of the existence of such societies as the Shakers. I tried to obtain more information of them, but failed, until last week I obtained the October number of your paper. After carefully perusing its pages, I feel strongly impressed to become one of your number, for I now am assured I am directed by God to do so. 1 find, from the reading of your paper, what the principles of Shakerism are, and that I have been led to adopt these in my past experience, and am striving to live them entire. True, these views have so separated me from the world and from m y own family, that I stand alone; but I am determined to live this life, that to me is right. I am twenty-six years old, unmarried,' etc. And there are many such, only needing the animating torch of The Shaker to lighten and quicken their perceptions, conceptions and convictions, thus making them workers for the cause, and living testimonies of an exceedingly righteous life in the midst of their fellows. God has not forsaken the world. Go, little Shaker! 'In the morning sow thy seed, and at evening withhold not thy hand.' The heartfelt necessity of such a medium as The Shaker for a missionary, and the constantly recurring evidences that it is dutifully at work, are alone sufficient inducements to ' toil on, struggle on,' with none other ' recompense of reward.' If this world is ever ransomed and regenerated by the resurrection of individuals to Christ's life, it must be ' bought with a price,' and those having the gospel must pap it, and work for it. We personally care exceedingly what course others may take, and that those who would be good men and women everywhere might lend us their active sympathies, and share with us the burdens of missionary gospel duty, which, however unremunerative financially, are rich with satisfaction and justification. Go and come, little Shaker, and God speed thy efforts!