WOULD YOU Become a Shaker ? Yield not to the impulse without fully considering the demands of Shakerism upon you, and its immediate and ultimate consequences. 1. Settle all just debts; reconcile by compromise, or to the utmost, creditors who have trusted you. 2. Are you sin-sick ? Not only desirous of no more sinful indulgences, but so heartily disgusted with sins of the past, that a clean, clear confession of the same would be of all things most desirable, and which would prompt a repentance, that means no more returning to the sins confessed ? then come and be a Shaker. 3. Are you able to be ' like unto a little child,' subject and willing to be taught; interposing nothing that would prompt egotism or personal superiority, nor aggrandizement ? You are ripe for the harvest interpreted by Shakerism ; 'Ask and ye shall receive.' 4. Are you ready to become a brother or sister the rest of life, as a Christian substitute for husband and wife ? Does the celibate condition of those anointed as Christ strike you as superior to the best, even perfected, system of the earthly, sexual relation? 5. Are you willing, anxious, to enter with your wealth and poverty; your physical strength and weakness; your talents and your deficiencies ; with your worldly ambitions and spiritual aspirations and convictions, into the furnace of trial, probation, approval and unreserved consecration? The 'Door' is opened to your knock. 6. Do you love peace better than unholy strife? Would you give kind words for harsh ones ? Could you resist the temptations to resentment ? Would you willingly part with unphysiological conditions and unspiritual desires, the relinquishment of which would cause you to shun the policy of the hypocrite and accept the principles of the peacemaker ? Do you look for conditions not to be found in a worldly life, even in its best estate? 'Seek, and you will find' these where true Shakerism is illustrated. 7. Count the cost: No more of the worldly, fleshly, ' old creation.' A new life is expected ; but so clean, clear, simple and without ostentation, that a child can comprehend and accept it. To leave the elements of the world, however good; and to accept the 'living-sacrifice' practices in life that will prove a baptism of the new man and woman — Christ! Would you be a Christian ? Compare the Christianity of Jesus with the above presentation of Shakerism, and then, Would You?