CORRESPONDENCE Mt. Lebanon, October 30, 1876 E. W. Laws, Esteemed Friend : Your letter of 21st inst., at hand. We begin to see eye to eye. Why not ? To my perception, your heart is more elevated than your understanding. It should be so. Feeling has no fellow — not even reason. Your inquiry, ' What would become of the world, if all were Shakers,' is as pertinent as it is common. ' The oranges upon an orange tree do not all ripen together. The natural man and woman are as green fruit on humanity's tree. The first Adam and Eve— father and mother of the generative order — soid. The second Adam and Eve — father and mother of the resurrection order — reap. Jesus was cut off from the earth, by the Christ-spirit, so that none could declare his generation, nor exclaim behold thy son, or daughter. Does it seem incredible that God should raise the dead — resurrect natural man and woman, before they leave the body— a kind of first fruits of the resurrection, as the apostles and early Christians were wont to call themselves ? Shakers are first fruits. The great command was not to man only, but to all the animal kingdom. Goals obey it. The multiply and replenish law is inherent in natural man and woman, as in other animals. It is obeyed with as much fidelity by such as never heard tell of the statute, as by pious bible readers We, upon whom the eud of the generative earth has come, obey the new commandment — ' love one another,' — not as husband and wife, but as brethren and sisters. When wars shall cease to the ends of the generative earth, by want of food and room to be, it will be manifest that such types of humanity as are able to receive the higher law, should live the virgin life. And thus genuine Christianity will redeem the earth from depopulating crimes, and furnish checks to excessive population. Two orders of people are coming up. To which will you belong ? Of the new earth, generation will be the corner-stone, but a man will not touch a woman save for offspring. In the new heavens, man does not touch women, generatively, at all. It is as natural for a highly developed intellectual man, like Swedenborg, to live a celibate, as for a highly developed spiritual man, like Jesus, to forsake father, mother, brothers, sisters, houses and lands, for Christ's sake. Then his father, mother, brothers, sisters and children are they, who through the Christspirit, have the word of God and obey it. They are a community, like the Angels in Heaven, for they are in Heaven. In love, F. W. Evans Memphis, Tenn., October 20,1876 Dear Editor At.uert— Moved by the spirit this calm, quiet autumn morning, I feel inclined to have a little pen-and-ink talk with you. Have you tried to listen ? Before me lies the October number of The Shaker. It is a gem — clean, tidy, terse, and spiritually speaking, well put together. One is half inclined to say, that such a sheet might be transplanted to paradise, to be there read by the saints that daily gather in and around the golden gardens of God. Not that it is perfect, for perfection does not pertain to earthly productions — 'first the blade, then the ear, and then the full corn in the ear.' It may be all summed up in the word, cycles! Surely, The Shaker is a missionary going ' into all the world ' (or ought to), preaching the gospel of purity, of peace, and a Pentecostal community of interests. Those in the 'outer court,' reading its pages, often speak In its praise. No truth perishes, no good word is lost out of the universe. The missionary, therefore, is a moral necessity. Jesus recognized this fact. The apostles were missionaries. The martyrs and the saints of bygone ages were missionaries. God's angels to-day are missionaries, ministering to mortals under the influence and inspiration of the Christ-spirit. As yet, there are spiritualists, and possibly Shakers, who are opposed to missionary work. Their actions, if not their words, prove this to be the case. ' We have good friends, a good home, a good gospel, let us sit down and enjoy it.' Exactly, and so the commonest dog, acting quite as rationally says, ' I've got a good thing, a good nice bone, and I propose to sit down and gnaw it!' Such selfishness is to be expected of the dog, but not of man made in the image of God. True greatness is based upon moral goodness. And all great, noble full-orbed souls, having found the 'pearl of great price,'—pure and undefined religion — necessarily desire to aid others in finding it. And here comes in the desired principle of self-sacrifice. The Philadelphia conference of spiritualists, denominated the ' new departure,' has created a tremendous stir in the ranks of spiritualism. Stagnant pools need stirring. And thunder storms purify the air. It is questionable whether the stiff conservative quietness, characterizing headstones in grave-yards, is desirable. The 'new movement ' meant organization, order, and religious culture, nothing more, but that was too much for most spiritualists. It is quite impossible for them to see the difference between religion and theology, a creed and declaration of principles, the spirit-world and the Christ-heavens of purity and holiness. In brief, multitudes of spiritualists, like some Shakers, stand upon the material and phenomenal plans of life. Delighting to indulge the passion for curiosity, and to witness the prodigies attendant upon physical manifestations, they forget the apostolic injunction, 'leave the first principles and go on into perfection.' Admitting the truth of the cradle-bed tale, that ' a cat jumped over the moon,' did that phenomenon squelch the slyness and thieving tendency of the cat? did it remove any treachery from the great cat-king- THE S H A. K E R . 95 dom of America, or did it enlighten, morally benefit and spiritually save those who witnessed the wonderful phenomenon ? Jesus spoke in parables, may I not write in them ? It is my sorrowful privilege to meet spiritualists of twenty-five years standing, and some Shakers too, who are half-a-dying to see a spiritual phenomenon — a wonder, a marvel, a sign ! We want 'to know,' for 'knowledge,' say they 'is the world's saviour.' There was never a more villainously untrue sentence spoken than this. Why, the most known, are often the most wicked men. Forgers are fine penmen. Ruloff, the linguist and mathematician, of Ithaca, N. Y., killed his wife and child. Dr. Webster, the scholar and chemist, of Boston, murdered Parkman. To-day there are over forty graduates of colleges in the Penitentiary located at Auburn, N. Y. And yet 'knowledge is the world's saviour! ' Did a knowledge of the world, a knowledge of the arts and sciences, save these criminals? To announce, is to refute such a position. I would not be understood as being an advocate of ignorance, far from it; but Christ, that is, the Christ principle of love and truth, purity and holiness, leading to a well-ordered life, that is the world's saviour. To this end the apostle taught that in Christ ' were hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge.' The masses are too material. They dwell more upon the shell than the soul of things. Selfishness is the world's curse. Unselfish love, and a willing sacrifice, these lead to the golden gates of the city immortal. Human life is a journey. Jesus baptized his pathway with tears. Our travel may be a cross, our limbs may grow weary, our hearts may become faint, and our souls cry out for angel-helpers, as we near the hill-top —where there are awaiting the faithful, crowns of glory. I mean to close the door tightly against temptation, and run with patience the race set before me. My love to all. Most truly thine, J. M. Peebles