What shall I do to be a Shaker? No. 1 BY THE EDITOR NOTE: It is our Intention to answer the question, forming the title of the following article, in all, or nearly all of the numbers of the present volume; and having invited some, hereby invite all Novitiate Elders, to share in glving an answer to the quest.on. \Vo nrc realty sorry that delay on the part 01' others, lins ne;,'e~silntt'd cur writing No.1, our connection with tho Noviriate Order having ceased some years since. El1.] What shall I do to bo a Shaker? No. 1. BY THE EDITOR. This interrogatory has been addressed to us so often, that we would make a plain statement, giving a satisfactory answer, and thereby meet the ncccss itics of many who dread 'there are lions in the way.' There are many Novitiate Elders-each Society having tour, two of each sex-whose duty it is to answer this question. And though om' verbal expressions might differ, there is no disagreement in our understanding, concerning the means an i ndi v idual rnus t take if they would become satisfied, trusty, aud permanent members of our Society, Our first thoughts are: \Vhat is YOUl' motive in wishing to join us? Among the hundreds of answers which might honestly meet this query, only the following will prove efficacious in the end, which is: ;, I am sick of sin, and want sal vation from it!' Where this is apparent, we are never anxious to know if an individual is rich or poor; but would prefer one of this class with only the clothes commonly in possession of moral people, than to admit any on other reasons, though they had the wealth of an Astor. Anyone seeking admission as a member, is rcqu ircd, ere we can -give any encouragement at all, to settle as fat' as possible, all debts and contracts to Hie satisfaction of creditors; and then our rule is: If candid seekers after salvation come to us, we neither accept them nor reject them; we admit them. leaving the Spirit of Goodness to decide as to their sincerity cerity to bless their efforts, if such,or to make thell; very dis.satisfied if h ypocritical. After becoming thoroughly acquainted with OUl' principles, we ask all individual to give evidence of their sincerity, if really sick of sin, b v a n honest confession of every improper t;allsaction or 'in that lies within the reach of their memory. 'This confession of sin to Elders of their own sex, appointed for the purpose, 'we believe to be the door of hope to the soul, the Christ ian valley of Achor.and one which every very sin-sick soul scize s wuh avidity, as being' farmore conlforting' tha 1121l1Darrus s ing. And this opportunity remains a permanent institution with us-e-to confess, retract out' ','Tongs as 111cnl0ry rna.v recall thcm ; and aids individuals in so thoroug hly repenting 0[; past sins that they are enabled to leave th ern I in the rear, 'while they pass 011 to greater salvations. It often take' years for an individual to complete this work of thorough CONfession and 1~{'il?Jttallcc j bu; upon this, 1110re than upon aught else, depends th.eir success as/ permanent and happy ll1ernbers .. Those who choose to usc deceit, can do so, but never make I reliable members; always uncomfortable wh i le I they rernai n ; and vcry few do or can remain, unless they fulfill th is important dcrna nd 0:-/ '~OPCl1iil •. ::;- the lulu_d.H If 'Zue do not detect their insincerity, God does, and they are. tcmpted of the devil beyond their wish to remain with the Shakers: while 'he that cOll.fcsscth and .fursa!:cth his sins, shall find me rcy.' Th is is not a lucre confession to mortality, but unto God, witncsser; by those who have thoroughly cxper ienced the prac tical results of the ordcu], 'My son, givc gl~r'y to the God of heaven j confc .... •s u ut» 1-1111-1, and tcll me what thou hast do nc.' S0111e InaJ' ask: After pasdng this ordeal: is it expected we can gl'-e up our early educations, our rooted theologies, and ideas pecul iur to our parents and tutors? We answer: Believe what you please; we only ask you to live a pure, clean, holy life. Believe in one God or three, only let no god be an interference to the principle of 8trict(~st dr cipl ine of purity. Inclinc, if you choose, to predestination, only regard it as e stab l is her] that you were predestined as a Christian, to be a follower of Jesus in virginity of life and thought. ' Your education, pcrh'ps, has led you to bel ieve in Jesus as an atouerncnt , continue to do EO, if you prefer, but also assure us that to he at-one-ment with Christ is to live free and apart from fleshly lusts and worldly ambitions, and to pattern your life by the Christian model. \Ve care not what you bcl ieve nor: have bel icved ; we are not concerned with I! your ruetaphys ics.j-ou- matcria l lsm nor spiritualism : we ask you to square your lift by I' him ,vhose life was 'without fault' before i Pilate and before high hea\'en. Do you ask: I: Must I give up my property O,' mercy? Not I: until you choose to do so. We have arrangements by which you can be a member and retain every dollar or dollars worth of property ; but while enjoying the bounty of Society, it ! demands as its right the use or interest of such properly for its maintenance or improvement. True, so long as you retain as personal property any private possessions, you are not considered as truly and fully a member as others who have consecrated their all, even if this consisted of naught else except their devoted selves. The thorough consecration of one's self, is giving up or losing all of worldly life to find eternal life; while saving aught of that, loses this-eternal life. You are married : if a man, take excellent care of t her whom yOll have promised to love and ( support; but this care must not entail upon ~ you the practice of unchristian, fleshly lusts, Are you a woman? Lead about your husband as a Brother only; set a guard to retain his feet in the chaste affections and associations, of angel life. Have you children? Bring: them up as pure as the heavens. If they have inherited aught but purity, nip in the bud the practice of vice, Teach them that Jesus said 'Come, and be like unto me, for of such is the kingdom or heaven.' Introduce to them early, the necessity of accounting for every misspent word and deed. All arc required to give their signature to a COVENANT, which embodies obedience to the fundamental principles of our insitution. It. II expressly provides that for the benefits of the ) I Gospel, derived while such remain as mern~ bel'S, none will make other demands of remuneration for services performed, than that which the insu-ument illustrntes. None sign away their rights to wit.lrdraw from the institution , nor is the institution bound to retain any whom it would expel. But upon mutual t agreement, dcrived by fulfilling the spirit of I this COVENANT, any individual may assure themselves, in return for their services, the best care of the institution for body and soul, in sickness and in health, in childbood and old age, and participate to as much fullness in all its religious and spiritual blessings as they may choose. We ask none to abuse their conscientious , convictions, unless these should prove adverse to the spirit of Christianity; and although to the multitudes this kind of conscience appears an impossibllity, we have had assurances of its existence. We all labor with our hands, pray at the same time with our hearts, and endeavor so to live that each day shall find us prepared for a better beginning on the morrow, in this, or in some better world. Our onIy demands are, the successful prosecution of a pure life, after the Christ pattern; believing and reu liaing that all other feature, of Christian communism will immediately succeed. Do you say you have been living apart from all fleshly impurities. all wrong. ing of others or yourself, aud endeavoring to feel consecrated to God in all your ways, words and thoughts? Truly, you have been a Shaker without the name, and without the knowledge of your many confederates! And none are more ready to welcome JOu to their hearts and homes than true Shakers, nor more ready to recognize that' thou art not far from the kingdom of heaven.' Bear in mind one other important feature: It is not a positive necessity that men no] women leave an unbelieving partner to become fully united to us in spirit. Many at either sex have progressively jostled along in the work of regeneration until they have either won the unbeliever to the faith, or heaven has opened some way for the deliverance of both to the better life. While we are cognizant of the hundreds of difficulties appearing in the way of a believer in true Christianity, when bound by civil ties to an unbelieving partner, still we can only urge a mutual understanding between parties for maintenance of the faith by the believer, either by an Instrument in writing', granting a permit to separate for this purpose, or by I agreement to live together, yet maintaining I the same chastity of soul and body which the one believing would feel called upon to practice if in the Society. It is ever prefer. able, to have the husband and wife united in thei r determination to carry out the demands I of our faith; but where only one has faith, which is not uncommonly the case, then a mutual agreement is necessary to separate, that the believer nlay unite with Society. But, if for any prudential reasons, business. children, property, etc., parties are permitted to remain out of Society, they must understand that close adherence to the fuudamental I principles of our faith is all that can mainlain their connection; while any intended departures from these, however secretly engaged in, or covertly unconfessed, will positlively work their expulsion. When all things of earth, man-made creeds, worldly pleasures and carnal vanities fail to yield that needed peace and rest to your weary spirlts, turn to, and address your nearest and dearest friends- THE SHAKERS. _________ A.