Paragraphic of life The exposure, that 'Mother Shipton's Prophecy,' so extensively quoted, was writen in 1862, and not in 1448, will be a disagreeable surprise to many thousands. It was the deceptive work of a man named Charles Hindley, of Brighton, Eng. It is not generally known, that our Bro. J. M. Peebles has been a student of Materia Medica, and graduating recently, received this M. D., and is now Dr. Peebles. We were permitted a knowledge of his training and metamorphosis. The Chief Justice of the U.S. decides that no woman needs apply for permission to practice in the U. S. Supreme Court. Here is the silly reason: 'By the uniform practice of the court from its organization to the present time, and by the fair construction of its rules, none but men are admitted to practice before it as attorneys and counsellors.' The music in THE SHAKER, present issue, is the production of SHAKER souls; the typography the work of SHAKER hands; and we are proud to feel, that it will be appreciated the more, when the fact is made known. We feel almost warranted in challenging better typography than is set by our dear, Shaker sisters. We would answer C. W. S., by saying: Gov. Tilden was not born among The SHAKERS; that he never was a Shaker, that we do not attribute his bachelor lite to any influence of Shakerism. His birth-place joined the Shaker farms at Mt. Lebanon, and himself and brothers, besides father and mother have been familiarly known to the Shakers, for a time equal to the governor's age. A recent paragraph tells us that Spurgeon's sister has entered the pulpit. Our word for it, she will prove more charitable, liberal, and dispense more salvation than her noted brother, who 'deals damnation round the land,' on each, he judges the Lord's foe. We are glad theprcfcssedly christian pulpits are being opened to women, if the courts as yet deny them practice. Almost anyone can discover the soul of the following gospcl wit by Josh. Billings: 'Trying tu l iv on the rcputashun uv a dcd grundfather, iz just about az enterprizing az I trying to hatch out rottun eggz under a tin wether-cock.