Materialism—Spiritualism William H. Bussell Spiritualism and spirituality are very intimately connected. re reality or the latter depends upon the substantial reality of the former. Because, if there is no existence of man spiritually after the dissolution of man corporally, then the entire regulation of his conduct with reference to such an existence is a nullity. [Notonly is that which is styled religion 'a myth, but morality, which supposes obligations of human' beings towards each other, is a mere rope of sand. There can be no such thing as progress for man, for, towards what shall he progress? But the substantial facts I gathered from the history of mankind, , show that they are, and have been for ages, powerfully influenced by the idea of {mmortal life for themselves in other spheres, and of intercommunication be- I tween the occupants of those spheres f1and of the earth. It matters not that, . in their ignorance, the ideas entertained by them were not originally and for fllong ages of a character adapted. to the I i greater culture and refinement of these , latter ages, it is of consequence to know , that they have rbeen strongly affected I by them in the regulation of their conduct towards each other and towards : the gods in whom they believed. 'Whence came those ideas? From II ~ chance thought of ignorance and superstition,the materialist says; yet this chance thought. has had a wonderful hoki upon the human mind, and it seems impossible, even at tbis late day, to I loosen it. Men-not the religious I teacher alone, but the sage, the philosopher, the scicntist,-have severally labored to improve upon it. From the forces of nature, as seen in the vegetable and animal kingdoms ; ill the sun, ; the mopn, the stars; up to those ideal ; things remarkable for their'. beauty, - strength, or authority, such .as Jupiter, ~ Apollo,ancl the like ; and then to Brahma, Buddha, and Jehovah, the products : I of the still advancing human intellect ; - tiIl the modern idea was reached, of the Infinite Life, the Infinite Love, Wisdom,and Power, . there. has been a gradunl ..• enlargement of the thought, which has. affected all, whether they have. professed to'-be believers or unbelievers, I~.proportion.asthe ideasof [)eityand.theJuture.life have been ended, there has,been an improvement I in the mental and moral character of those who have accepted them. And even many of those who have professed to reject them altogether, have participated with the others in the higher conditions that have ensued. Our modern sceptical scientists are, in high-toned morality, the equal of their believing brethren of the laboratory and the lecture-room. 'Hope springs eternal' even in the sceptic's breast; and when a full demonstration of tile future life has awakened certain dormant faculties within him, it is wonderful how enthusiastic he oft-times becomes in defence of views be formerly regarded with apparent scorn. His motions, as well as his calmer judgment, urge. him at once to obey' the heavenly vision.' The proof of immortalitymustbe within the heart of every individual. Outward evidences and arguments.may.be ever so clear, but they never can impart to the soul the certainty which the divine life established and increasing within always gives. This is the lesson to be learned in the. school of Christ. It appeals to the innermost of . man; to his natural unrest and longing for something still better and better. It is the lesson' which Jesus and his disciples learned, so that they loved not their life-their merely sensual life to its d~ath, looking and working for one far higher-the• eternal life. Before this glprious sunlight the shades of skepticism disappear forever; This is, really, spirituality, or the spiritual life. It includes not only the highest grade of n1oral, but conscious inspirations from the highesfsot1rcesof life, of whatever degree of refinement or power. In the language of the old 'apostles' creed,' it includes especially 'the communion of saints,'the intimate association of those in whose hearts there is the utmost sincerity,' in whose mouth there is no guile, and in whose outward course there 'is no shadow of turning~'•. they being without fault before the throne of God.' These are the vanguard of that 'greatmultitude which no man can number, who send. down through all the adyancing hosts the word of faith, of couruge and hope. These are they ' who pass through the valley and make it a fountain,' imparting through all its streams the fertility which gives health, strength and beauty,' and which will finally make' the desert rejoice and.blossom as the rose.