The Sabbath [The following communication' by •• ONE ~ OF THE BRETHREN' will have its purposed result a recurrence of the orthodox, Shaker view upon the Sabbath day. For our own part, this is very acceptable ; and we all, radicals and conservatives, may rest upon the necessity of some day as a Sabbath, which I should be kept in general seclusion from secular duties and in all religious sacredness..,~ • ED.) . ; .. The testimony and practice, of believers, Shakers, in regard to the observance of one day in seven, as a day of rest from secular affairs, and its appropriation to worship and social duties, has been attended with unspeakable blessings, however much it may have been prostituted..Poor humanity, down • through many ages, has greatly been benefited by the. institution of the Sabbath, and it is justly deemed of incalcuIable importance, inasmuchas it draws a line of distiction between the secular and sacred. We are happy in stating, that, on our last . visit with our beloved ministry, they drew our attention to strict observance of the Sabbath day. We feel in union with them, and believe .that the individual, the family or the society who applies the Sabbath the most to divine uses and to the avoidance of all secular affairs, not absolutely necessary to health and comfort in a normal sense, will be the most bIest~ &gt; Hence we were astonished and grieved on reading an article, in The Shaker which, as we understand it, favored a secular use of the Sabbath in regard to the 'Centennial Exhibition.' ' Being sure, that the principles, and practices of Shakerism, together, with the explicit instructions of the faithful leaders of this .religious people,have ever required a strict observance of the Sabbath and its entire application to religious duties and spiritual labors; We anticipate that the real ideas and purposes designed to have been conveyed in that article were not clearly expressed. As we would be slow to believe that any brother of our Shaker faith could. fail to perceive the irreligious immoral and sin inviting influence; which a neglect of the observance of the Sabbath: would institute; and what debasement of society its appropriation to secular. affairs, or mere pleasurable amusements would engender. We would not, by any means, invite nor provoke controversy on the philosophy suggested by this Sabbath question. But, there is no need of. comment to make manifest to all persons of good. sense and common observation, the fact that, as a general thing, Sabbath breakers have a disregard to religion- and its elevating discipline; and, in their history are embraced great dissipation and abundant crime. In these remarks no personal reflectlons are intended or . indulged, . Shakers, of all people professing the Christian name and character. have to be the most deeply concerned;. protective discipline of the rising generation; and the prevailing influence-, upon all classes of society to keep the Sabbath as a day necessarily ,apart I for a Godly use, worhipful devotions, and the cuiture of the spiritual nature. It never can be consonant with principles of Shakerism to abandon Sabbath keeping, nor to encourage appropriation as a galaday. It is hoped that remarks that appeared in THE SHAKER, relative to closing the 'Centennial Exhibition' on the. Sabbath, were intended to admonish the principles of sectarianaristocracy, rather than to indicate, much less to encourage the prostitution of the Sabbath to mere secular amusements; and, by no means, to stimulate or approve of the abandonment of Sabbath keeping. The laws of nature require periodical seasons of rest and recuperation both to the soil and its vegetable production; and to all animate creation; and, the night season does not fill this demand. The civil and religious nature of man institutes a Sabbath, or a periodical! season for cultivation and development of the moral faculties and spiritual constituents of our being. The Jewish religious law and all subsequent religious I revelations have recognizcd this and acquiesced in these demands, and unite I in instituting a Sabbath. ' Because all mankind are not agreed relative to what day of the week should he kept as Sabbath, it does not offer a consistent reason for its abandonment; rather let the specific advocates of each religious profession be true to their own convictions, and sacredly keep one day in seven as a Sabbath, and to them THE SABATH OF THE LORD. ONE OF THE BRETHREN. One of the Brethren