Book Table. I \Ve would not recommend an unworthy book, sooner than we would counsel evil companionship ; for both '-'-forrupt good manners.' It is our great pleasure to present to o u r t liou-a n ds of readers' notice three valuable volumes, enc.i at which IS worthy of a column of praise. 'Till': SCIEXCE OJ! I\. KE.W LIFE,' by JollJI Co zua n, lIf. D. Whe n wefirst read th is book nearly two years since, we pronounced it unequaled by any book published in the present cen tury. It is certainly wonderful, that in all age of 1110raI corruption, of pelf hunting and sord.d graRping, there should be such a display of u nreserved con secrat io n to thebest go~d ~f p hvs ica l humanity! l Iere in are the ,,!;ins of licentious ness. and the forcing upon the world unwanted and unwelcome children. to pine, suffer and die, no honor to their parents, ane! unowned by nature, thorou vh l« rebuked. IIerein are instructions, which if followed, would make our earth an Eden in a few generations, and the a sce n s io n from the perfected enrtb 1)' to a state of 'heaven on ear th,' would b ecornc so easy and natura l that Shaker societies would -beCOl11elhe true balance of the lawful principle of reproduction. Again. we sa.v, this book has had no equal in its line. Cowan Ca., P/(bl,~~ltcrs .1'ic::! York. THE HOUSEllOLD Cvcr.or nnt.v, by T. Eliwood Zel!. In this volume of 500 pages, we find th e 111:)st compe nd.ous work upon almost enry imng i nabl e subject, that has been issued from any press in this world. Not only 1:),0::::0 and more well tried receipts upon the most excellent themes, but a fund of information upon many thousands of top;cs which would necessitate an extensive library to procure. It is a beautifully illustrated work, and w el l worth the small price asked for it. 111d~~d, rnrmv editions of it must be wid. before its publisher can he repaid for the extensive researches necessarily made in its com. p ila tio n. Ba/.:er, Du zus Ca., Pitt/adelphia, r«, Publisaers. PRI:S-CIPL\: O~ B.\SIS OF SOCL\L SCIEKCE. by R. P. T-Vrt:f{ltt. So much has been said of this work 011 social science, that all we can add may seem superfluous. Its table of contents is the most replete with subjects of any work of its kind, be in z fully twenty closely printed pages, while the div i s io n s and subdivisions of the work itself, d.s p'nv the labor of many years, by one who.Iy devoted to the science to which the title inroduces us. Would that there were mere thoughtful men and women i for here is . a b: ok of 524 pages treating upon themes of vital importance to the I perpetuity arid happiness of human society. I Although many of the talented author'sl schemes, for the illustraton of heave'! on . I I earth, m \V seem utopian, yet on y great I good could be derived from the attempts at their solution: We are cnwu,;j;eJ in practi-l co lly solvng a part of these problems j ar d it is agreeable to think how much the author credits our labors as a class of Spiritual Socialists, while dealing with all other forms contained in the almost illimitable field of sociology. The work is published by LiPPi,,-  cott : Co., Philadeljhia, Pa. The Am. Spiritual Jvlag-aziJll: is a bold, noble per.odical. Its aim i s higher than any other s p ir itual istic sheet that we know of. While it 'did not fully endorse' our views upon 'The Dcc~ille (If Spiritualism j' nor of 'The Neiv Mouemeut;' as published in Nov. Shaker, yet it was the only so-called Spiritual paper that alluded to those articles; and it had the unusual and unlooked for courage to quote both entire, as being' food for thought.' As it is worthy of much help, send to Memphis, Tenn., a helping hand and a ppreciati ve heart.