Memorandum, Number 1 DANIEL FRASER Ever since the manifestation of Christ in the female, a work of shaking has; with many extraordinary results,' been going on ;and from, time to time has been felt among ourselves. Under the idea of progress some have urged their conceptions upon our notice, tending in some cases to the subversion of our form of government. We feel that a true line of faith teaches that the work we are in is of God; that all true progress will proceed from', Him, through the work itself in those who are subject to its order, and not in the line of individual theories. We find it recorded: ., That the invisible things of God are clearly seen by the things that are 'made, even His eternal power and Godhead,' and with safety we can add, the visible things of creation also clearly show that all' normal growth proceeds from a living\.'=enter, and wheuuny part of a living body sets up local action not controllable by central life, a wen;' a boil, or a carbuncle, tending to' disorganization, will be the result. If we look through the four grand divisions of animate life, viz: the Ra diate, the Mollusca, the Articulate, and through all the multifarious forms ot the Vertebrates up to man, we find central life predominating, harmonizing with the members and the, members with the central controlling power._ Central controlling life is a leading, prominent, ever present manifestation of animate existence, and what is truly remarkable, the growth of each, individuaI, from the low Radiate up to man is independent of the animal, its will or volition. Jesus Christ saw this: ' Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit to his stature?' Those who venture to think and speak lightly of our form of government will act wisely to be still and learn that God is in his holy temple, a redeeming central power and authority, redeeming us from the bondage of our animal self-hood, its passions and pro-] • penslties, and creating us anew in the. likeness of 'His divine attributes. Even as the growth of our body is • irrespective of OUT choice, - so also the ! growth of the work of God will he • ' irrespective iof our calculations. The • best we can do, all of us, is to be faithful to the appointed center of life, order and authority before us. Let each and • all be true to ' finish Transgression, put an end to sin, make reconciliation for iniquity, and bring in everlasting righteousness.' Do so, and, in due time I every true desire will be fulfilled as regards government and development I of functions. I say again, peace be : still i that which is calculated to disintegrate, let it alone i it is for outside action. Even natural truths need to be ; sanctified to us, otherwise they will do hurt, • There.is such a thing as a seeming subjection; Let your obedience be from an undivided heart, warm and affectionate, overflowlng wlth thankfulness that you have a part and a lot in a work which confounds the wisdom of this world and humbles in the dust all selfexaltedness, Shirley, Mass •