Saved? Then save others. That the gospel of Christ is a saving element. every practical christian is a I '... ~ . ready evidence. To a very large majority of professedly christian people, the price of salvation is an unreserved, unquestioning faith upon the merits another, by whom they are, or are to be saved j but this is not Shaker faith. Upon whomsoever is saved from sin, there has settled the responsibility being very anxious for others, that they may be saved. 'Freely ye have received, freely give.' 'By this,' love for one another, 'shall it be known that ye arc' saved. If the passage from the death of sin, unto a life in Christ, is to he evidenced by 'love for the brethren,' then who is saved? Casting aside, as mere shams by comparison, every ism of the head, the active practical religion of the heart is alone christianity. The glorification that many indulge in, because of an infatuation that they arc especial objects of salvation; who look with cool indifference, or with a heartless sorrow upon myriads who are not as blessed as they are, this glorying is as thin and inoperative as the escaped gases of an elevated balloon. The solid bottom of salvation, will and must be reached: does your saiuatiou sat:c ot/sers ? Jesus was a saviour, because he was saved; and there have been, and will be 'many saviours arise,' from this cause, and this alone-being saved. Does salvation mean to us more love for others-a working love for those unsaved? Does it mean to us more charity for, and a longer forbearance with the erring? Does it lead us 'to feel another's woes. and hide' by obliteration, ' the faults we sec?' Does it cause us to meet others, even half wayan their return from prodigality? As whilom renegades from justification, do we recall the needs 'u!e had, of the fatherly and motherly 'falling on our necks, and kissing us?' Do we go down into the valley of humiliation with those who need to go there, and thereby give hope to those that are without it? The formal ceremonies of the confessor, and of going down into the waters with those who are subjects of . baptism, are powerless for salvation, , unless the spirit of Christ precedes, exceeds and succeeds the form. Go IN SPIRIT WITH THE SUPPLICANT. '\Ve had an high priest' in Jesus, ' that: could be touched with our infirmities;' nor in Jesus alone. And it is more, very much more of this spirit of helping others over hard places, that we all need, to be true, representative christians, saviours to mankind. To be implacable to our own faults first and most j to manifest our superior christianity by an excess of charity j to exalt the good l of others, even by self-abasement; to l be pure from principle, and to teach purity from the love of it and of souls; to resist not evil; to speak no ill, and to desire so greatly the salvation of humanity from sin, that we so offer ourselves as sacrifices for men, that we willingly share their exertions to be saved: arc needed requisites to prove OUl' rights to the name of Christian, and as proofs that we are saved.