Recipe Gleanings. One of the best washes for the teeth... One of the best washes for the teeth is camphor water reduced to a weak solution. It is not only very detersive, but really healthful to both gums and teeth. The Science of health says: Germany excels any country... The Science of Health says : Germany excels any country in the cleanliness of its beds for sleeping. To the daily stripping and airing of Shaker beds, may be attributed much of the general good health of its people. Add a little carbolic acid to your mucilage... Add a little carbolic acid to, your mucilage, paste, glue, and these will not mould. An ounce of the same added to a pailful of whitewash used in cellars, barns, dairies and meat rooms removes the disagreeable odors usually found in such places. A valuable liniment is recommended by The Cottage of Hearth... A valuable liniment is recommended by The Cottage Hearth, for sprains, bruises and lameness in man or beast. Take an ounce of oil of wormwood to a pint of alcohol, and bathe freely. It also recommends a Flax seed lemonade Flax-seed lemonade: Pour a quart of water over four tablespoonfuls of flax-seed. Steep, not boil, three hours; cover closely while steeping; strain and sweeten to the taste. Add the juice of two lemons, thinning with more water if necessary. Those who are troubled by cold feet... Those who are troubled with cold feet may be largely assisted in being more comfortable by sprinkling the inner side of the stockings with Cayenne pepper. The Household gives us a new ''Indian Pudding' The Household gives us a new 'Indian Pudding:' To a pint of scalded milk, add half a pint of Indian meal, a teacup of molasses, and six sweet apples, pared and cut in small pieces. Bake three hours. Also the following for ''Corn Bread'' Also the following for 'Corn Bread:' One pint of slightly scalded Indian meal, one tablespoonful of shortening, two eggs; stir well; add half teaspoon of salt, with yeast enough to make it rise. Bake in a quick oven, Lemon Pie LEMON PIE: The yolks of two eggs, one lemon, grate the peel, one cup of white sugar, half a pint of milk. Cover and bake. Make a frosting of the whites of the two eggs, three tablespoons of white sugar. Pour over the pie and let it brown lightly. Now that the long winter months are upon us... Now that the long winter months are upon us, let us profit by what The Country Gentleman says on hulled corn. This old fashioned luxury is coming into style again, and as it is really a delicious dish when properly prepared, it ma.y be acceptable to knew the modus operandi of doing it right. Take a six quart pan full of ashes (hard wood ashes if possible, as they are I stronger); put them into an iron JettJe, with I three gallons of water; let them boil about I five minutes j then set off from the fire and' turn in a pint of cold water to settle -it. Turn I off the I ve and strain; put it into an iron kettle, and put in six quarts of shelled corn .put I it over a brisk fire, and. let it boil half an hour, skimming and stirring frequently. The outside skin of the kernels will then slip off, Strain 0fY the lye, and rinse thoroughly in several clear waters. When the lye is thus weakened, turn the corn into a large dish-pan, and turn in. water enough to cover it j then rub thoroughly with the hands, till the little black chits come off': rinse and strai~ off till the water looks clear; then put back into a clean kettle. with water enough to cover it, and let it boil sIowly. It will swe ll to more than double the first quantity. Boil till quite soft; it rna) be necessary to add water occasionally; stir often, so as not to burn at the bottom of the kettle; when guite soft put in two large tablespoonfuls of salt, and stir well. To be eaten with milk or butter and sugar. It is a healthy dish, and though there is work in preparing it, yet it is good enough to pay for the labor and trouble. It iii good either hot or cold. and was considered by ou grand-parents to be one of the greatest luxuries of the table. Wheat hulled in the same way is considered a great delicacy, and a very beneficial diet for invalids, but it is not so staple or nutritious as Indian corn. Smaller 'quaru i tle s can be prepared by using less lye and corn.