Correspondence Dear Elder Albert: I owe you lots of apology... Mt. Lebanon, Dec. 24, 1876 Dear Elder ALBERT: I owe you lots of apology for not preparing something nice for jnn ua ry, I am, head arid heels, into orcharding. I work, for these ten weeks, until, at noon and night, the muscles set up an irresi stab!e cry for rest, like a brood of hungry chickens for food. I am so tender-hearted that, although I know my duty to you and THE SHAKER-to everybody depending on me to furnish something to stir up the dormant powers of amazed indignation against new theologies, or ancient tr uth s-e--wh e n I lay me down to 'leep, and my rest is as sweet as revenge, while the resulting effect is , to me, far better. But to you, to THE SHAKER, to everybody I do so love to rouse from death-sleep of orthodox conservati-m-or to quiet in the excrte men t of mis-named reform, it may b e disr s .rous in the extreme. Hew am I-to help in the matter of THE SHAKER? I am on the earth or in the trees. The mysteries of apple raising occupy my thoughts by day a n d my dreams by night when I do not bleep so sound that I cannot d: .a m without going out of my bundle at muscles entirely. Then again, write? Wh at can I Fay that is good, not already said in the December number, and fill' better said than 1 can say it? Love to you, as -c.ver ; and when I get all my out-door work done up, you may expect to hear from me again by way of the pen. Of the Constantine Sabbn t h : As a day of national. rest from physical -Iabor, and 01 spiritual indmtry-gocd. As a theological day, on which the things that are were made, out of nonentity, by congeries of creators':t&gt;s than a shadow. Do you take the Weather Probabilities? It (:0, are they certai nt ies to you, as to us? 1 get, from the department, l11y daily report, 01 rather prognostics, which, for the last three weeks, has been as m i nr.te lv accurate in slightly varying ~han.g-es of temperature, of clouds and sunshine, of rain and snow, as 1 could make at the end of each day. Are we not entering upon a new era, where in man will not only predict, but govern and control-ride the whirlwind and direct the storms of nature, in the outward and inward clements of his own being? All is mall. As the soul pertains to the spir it, so the body pertains to the soul, and the natural world to the body, Therefore, when there is no government by man, in all these elements, it i~ because there is no God recognized by man-man living , but living without God, and consequently without the power of government over his own spirit, soul, body, and the outward natural elements. Is any sick, let him send for the Elders of the Church, as the medium for communicating with God. Follow this law, through each department of kuowl rdge, and God will be all, in each human being. All , power is given to me, said Jesus, as pionce- of redeemed souls, both in I-leaven and Earth. And the power God has given me is e qua lly for you, when you come into the condition I have' attained unto. What manner of man is this, that even the winds and waves obey him? Just such manner of man as all believers may become. F. W. EVANS. F. W. Evans My very dear Brother Nicholas: As the mail brings me... Ayer, Mass., Dec. 11, 1876 AYER, MASS,. Dec. II, 1876. My very dear Brother NICHOLAS: . As the mail brings me the last of Vol. VI of THE SHAKER, I am very agreeably reminded that Vol., VII, which is to be our welcome visitor the coming year, must receive material aid. Enclosed you will find P. O. Order for full amount, as per circular July 26, 1876. Words are an impediment in attempting to convey to JOu our gratitude for the willing burden you bear in support of our little organ. As long as there is progress, there will be agitation of thought and opjnions, which are as tr.butar ies to knowledge - to absolute truth. 'Agitat;on of thought is the beginning of wisdom.' When that ceases! there will be no need of a paper as an educator. 'Silence in Heaven for half an hour j' or half a century. will not quiet the elements. After 'the fire of the altar was cast into the earth,' 'there were ,-:oices, and th underings and lightnings, and earthquakes.' We applaud the iconoclast when he break; another's idols. Let no fondness or reverence. for form or custom blind the eyes tc idolatry. Whatever claims our veneration: that discovers no present life, and is not adapted to our daily needs, and fails to vital. ize religious devotion into good works, savors of idolatry. Material or ideal. it matters not. Let us be 'living stones' in the rising temple; working for the growth of our souls: and for the increase of the Christ kingdoin. And, if sometimes on our journey we feel the chilling mists of the valley, and our feel press upon uncertain soil, and all seem: transition, remember that all the apos tles of truth who have led the advance, found their line' of march along this road. 1'01' ., Never on custom's oiled grooves The world to higher level m o ves ; But grates and grinds with friction hard, On granite boulder and rlinty s ha rd ; Even by losses the right must rcign, Ever.' good have its birth of pain; And graces and cha ri tiee feed the fire ! In which the wrongs of the age expire.' i In love, I remain, as ever, your abiding;~'.' brother, ELIJAH MYRICK. Elijah Myrick G. Albert Lomas: Dear Brother--I have been much assisted... Mt. Lebanon, Dec. 23, 1876 MT. LEBANON, Dec. 23, 1876. G. ALBERT LoMAs: Dear Brother-I have been much assisted and comforted by 'Would you?' in the December number of THE SHAKER, just at hand. ft has assisred me to serious reflect io n, and by sa id reflection I have been comforted. May it prove a word in due season to man.\ who are' 'twixt wind and water.' We an individually responsible for our e\'ery deed: word and thought; and although communism may possess a thousand blessings, it can never obliterate i ndividun! resj-omibility. J wish youmuch success in Jour editorial fa. bors, For proof, I enclose my mite. Would that I were able to do better. WiII you give 'The Young Folks' a corner in your enlarged edition of 1877? Yours, fraternally, THEO. GORHAM. Theo. Gorham Social Life Letters. COOK'S MANUAL My DEAR S.: Since I esteem you as a good cook, and an excellent counselor in this department. per, mit me to call your attention to a subject which occupied my thoughts while at breakfast this morning. It is not a startling om however, though it has a surprisingly long title; and was suggested on seeing a dish 01 nicely prepared mashed potatoes close at hand viz: The advantages derived frcrn ' Labor-Saving Machinery,' as applied to modern cookery. Do you marvel that my thought: took this directlcn P \~ell, I sat speculating upon the healthfulness of this vegetable as food; of its early historic reputation as a poison, c., c, when I seemed to hear audible tones proceeding from some sort of a 'labor-saving machine,' (constructed on the pestle and mortar principle), and anon me-thought I saw the pestle materi,alize, and strike a most imposing attitude, giving me to understand by sign, that I must partake of a vegetable which had been so nicely prepared, 'Observe,' said the mechanical voice, 'to what a refining process it has been subjected, since removed from its native soil, through our efforts.' ' Again, how long and faithfully we have served your people, in helping them to facilitate the ready dispatch of cooked vegetables! Are we not entitled to your fullest confidence, and a place on the list of 'labor-saving machines' in the record of arts?' Almost confounded by this singular manlfestation.T meekly replied: Indeed; now I think of it, the amount of dental labor \\'hich you have saved us, as wel l as a nation of patrons, for many years is quite astonishing! The tons of vegetables, which have yielded to your powerful impression, are almost beyond computation! Do not these facts prove to YOlT. that your reputation is established, as well a s popular? Yeu should be estimated truly, as a successful rival of the machines used in the extensive fouring mills ef the great West. To« pulverize vegetabes, they reduce the hard gra:ns of wheat : to an almost impalpable POWd_I', which is subsequently fashioned into [aky, snowy loaves, to tempt the Franklin: cf our day to purchase. 'L~tbor-saving 111a. hinery' in deed, which saves one from chewing the hard substance of boiled potatoes! which renders teeth no longer a necessity, save in speech! It follows, then, that food reduced to the consistency of a sern i-so lid, invites the epi-cure to swallow some, digest less, and ch e w none at all. Hence the process of eating, which once occupied thirty minutes, can no w be performed in one fifth of that time, Mighty progress in science and art! A hundred years of experience and scientific experiment in the culinary department, culrni nating in such results! The word 1llast/ca!/OJ1, which occurs so frequently in subjects tre.rting upon Hygiene, and which was n lW,l)'S ineuphonic, n1:1,v soon become obsolete, if lexicographers do not object. (Exit ma- i c'r i ne.) Have patience, my dear S., for thought expands by exercise, and I am disposed to see another side to this subject, for the question arises: Why did the AIl- Wise design such a convenient apparatus for our usc, if it was not intended to serve some grand purpose in the economy of nature? Ph'ysi()logists and dentists nll claim that the teeth were made to use, and are an essential part of the digestive npparatus ; and, is it not a fixed law of our physical being, that every faculty must be exercised in order to maintain health? In my opinion more teeth decay for want of labor than trorn any  ther cause, save want of cleanliness. That here are triumphs in art as applied to machinery, I am not inclined to dispute; but some machines denominated labor-saving, are, in the strictest sense, labor-making; this fact allow me to prove. First, then, food prepared in a manner to I dispense with chewing. is not onl)! unhealthy, but leads to the pe rn icious habit of eating too rapidly. I have frequently observed that children accustomed to soft food, show a disposh ion to reduce all hard substances given them to cat, to the same semi-solid consis-l te ncv. Give such a piece of bread crust to eat. I and plump it goes into the cup of milk near, or it is baptized with water till mellow enough to swallow without mastication; and what are some of the unfortunate results of such a course P Dyspepsin , with its legion of ills; teeth, prematurely decayed for want of use; while around' the last sorry fact. cllH:t',rl: ' series of facts too .doleful to forget when once experienced in the form of grumbling, aching teeth. And now comes in the extra effort, in acquiring the money used for repairs, the labor expended, the time spent in repairing carious teeth, all these I present to prove that our so-called' labor- saving machinery,' is labor-making in more ways than one. ' Gold and si lver have I none,' enid one, years ago. 'Of gold and silver I have some,' might a nation of young folks exclaim, (though not born with a silver spoon in the mouth,) since many carry mere geld in the teeth than in the purse, at least the value of this metal concealed in the savings bank of a carious tooth, might purchase man)' a desirable object for the wealthy passesser. Taking a retrospect of these facts, then, shall we not conclude that the direct source of much -do mestic or physical infelicity ex-ists in our modern process of cookery? I am aware that this co ncl us io n brings but poor con-elation to the fa.thful time-serving ceo!', who caters to our perverted tastes, prov ided she seeks reward in culinary achievement-: but •. Truth is mighty and must prevail.' even in the kitchen. 1';O\V S., if after reading this medley of t viis, you can devise a remedy, please manifest it in writin g, and by so doing coris ider yourself the contributor of a benefit to the Cook's Manual, Please answer through ItS columns as ccc n :1S convenient. Cordially, A. A.