Bring forth, therefore, fruits meet for repentance.' RUTH WEBSTER In each dispensation every increasing work of God has benn shered in by a call to repentance. There are many at the present time who profess conversion and join the church, because it has become popular to do so; but where are the 'fruits meet for repentance?' In the great revival under the ministration of John the Baptist, see what was considered 'fruits meet for repentance' at that time. 'Then went out to him Jerusalem, and all Judea, and all the region round about Jordan, and were baptised of him in Jordan, confessing there sins.' There were some came without bringing forth the fruits of repentance. Such he called 'a generation of vipers.' Others said, what shall I do? He said, 'He that hath two coats let him impart to him that hath none, and he that hath meat, let him do likewise. This was fruit meet for repentance. After John was cast in prison, Jesus proclaimed the same message,saying the time is fulfilled, repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand. Therecame to him a certain ruler and asked what he should do to inherit eternal life. Jesus .. said; keep the commandments. He said, aU these have I kept from my youth up. what lack I yet? Jesus said . jt .thou will be perfect, go sell all that tbQu hast, come and follow me, and t1\oll.sbalt have treasure in heaven. He went away sorrowful for he had great possessions, There was no . fruit here meet for repentance. At another time jesuspasaed through Jericho. There was a man by the name - of Zacheus, chief of the publicans,' and was rich. H-e soiJght to seeJesus, but could not tor the press, as b~ was small of statue, $0' he ran before and climbed up, into a sycamore tree, Ut~ he was to pass that way Jesus looked up and saw him said to him, 'Zacheus, make haste and come down; for to-day I must abide at thy house.' He hastened down and recieved him gladly. Jesus must have preached repentance to him, for before he left, Zacheus said, 'Behold, Lord, the half of my goods I give to the poor, and if I have taken anything by false accusation, I'll restore four-fold.' Jesus said, 'this day has salvation come to this house.' Here were the fruits of genuine repentance. No doubt he had taken this oppotunity to confess his sins, and was now ready to right his wrongs. Let us see what were the fruits of repentance in the great Pentacostal revival, when three thousand were added to the church in a day. 'And all that believed were together, and had all things common and said their possessions and goods, and parted to all men is every man had need.' Surely this was preparing the way of the Lord, as it was written, 'every vally shall be filled, and every mountain shall be broaght-Iow,' The true spirit of the gospel in its operation, levels all distinctions, makes new and equal men and women.r.Revivals that donot produce this change-c-repentance-s-without fruit, will fail to bring salvation from sin. In modern times, when there has been a genuine revival; it has produced the -same results, and there have been many baptized into one spirit. It has been aid. that -no one -could carry:out the' precepts of Christ in practice, without becoming a pauper. So far from this I being the case, those who live. out the principles of the gospel most perfectly, live in communities where pauperism is impossible. In order to become successful in any undertaking, we must comply with certain' conditions; we do not look for the stars' while the sun shines, nor for the glow-worm till it is dark; neither need we look for the principle of selfishness to be eradicated while living in an isolated selfish condition. Nor will those who depend upon the merits of Jesus,' find salvation from their sins. They will have to follow his example, and walk even as he walked, live as he lived. For he became the author of eternal salvation to all those who obey him in their lives. Union Village, O .