The Grand Issue We salute eaeh and everyone, in this opening volume for 1877, with all the wishes of God-speed in our hearts. Our highest purpose is humanity's best interest-our hope, the elevation, regeneration, harvesting of souls, already ripened for a life, superior to the narrow, selfish, reproductive clements of earthly life. 'Adam was of the earth, earthy' ; and Adam, with his co-workers and followers, we leave to the care 01 Moses, and Levitical statutes; and plead for the abandonment of the earthly plane, only upon the principle of a presentation of the superior life of the Christ-' 'the Lord from heaven, a quickening spirit.' 'Servants we are, to whom we yield ourselves to obey' ADAM or CHRIST. W e cannot obey two antipodal masters; we cannot walk in opposite directions at one time; we cannot live in the flesh-engaging in the works of generation, fruitful or unfruitful-either the good or bad of the earthy -and at the same time 'walk in the spirit'-and be 'vvarkers together with Christ.' We cannot be generative men and women, and truthfully wear the christian name. Neither marriage, nor reproduction belongs to Christ; therefore, christians will not do these things, but live as did Jesus, the Christ-he was a 7.Jil~']'ill-a!! christians are virgins. The life of the heavens is a commtcne ; no personal, private property there; so in Christ, christian life on earth, 'none will possess aught he calls his own.' In Christ, in christianity, there is no private property, no personal possessions. In Christ there is no war, contention, nothing to fight nor quarrel, about, all is peace; 'else 7.uoltld my , servants fight.' Christians will not, cannot fight nor quarrel. 'Render I unto Caesar ;' but let christians maintain the distinction of Christ's government. It is not meet that a christian and a Jew should be synonyms in name I nor in life. One may be a good Jew, 1 and as yet, no christian. A christian 1 has transcended Judaism, been rcsur- 1 rected by following Jesus' example, to ( the superior, Christ life. Now is the ~ harvest of souls, such as are ripe for the 1 life Jesus Christ Iived. Who is ripe ( for the harvest? Who are christians? I ' The jield is the world; the harvest 1 is the end if the World j and the reapers are the angels.' Thrust in thy :- sickle, and reap; for the harvest of the earth is ripe.' And some have been reaped into christianity-the angel life-in this present time. And the grand issue is, who is ripe for Christ? - Who is a living, willing sacrifice unto christianity? Let those who wear the name of christian answer first, by departing from all unchristian life; or let them abandon the name.