Editorial Notes There are some things which we confess... There are some things which we confess are very difficult for us to explain. Among others: How Spurgeon, a professor of Christ or Christianity, could : 'hope the time is short, before the entire Mohammedan race will be swept t from the face of the earth!' to which his auditors responded, with a 'tremendous amen' We ask, in the light of genuine Christianity, could devils hope for worse, or respond more tremendously? Again: The World's Crisis, in a nearly three column editorial, , illustrates the strength of the contending forces in the East, and sorrows that the ' Christians are not united in slaying the Mohammedans I' The World's Crisis looks for Christ daily! Surely, 'My kingdom is not of this world;' and those who pleasure in war are devils, not Christians. Who follows Christ in war? When professedly christian people do wrong... When professedly christian people do wrong, or that which Jesus never did, and which, 'to follow him' would forbid; they do not commonly presume they were not christians, but christian sinners for the time. It is far easier. quite popular, to be a christian simler; but truth demands that we say there are none such, and who sins is of the devil. and is not a follower of Jesus, is none of his. Celibate does not sufficiently define shakerhood... Celibate does not sufficiently define Shakerhood. By a SHAKER, we mean a virgin celibate, one who either never has lost virginity by carnal contact, or one who, having been so unchristianly unfortunate, is redeeming that virtue by dint of an extreme self-denial, equaled only by the example of Jesus, the Christ. It is a matter of importance only, not whether an individual SHAKER has ever been a virgin celibate, or of recent conversion; the importance lies in the fact whether he or she is living the life of a virgin celibate now, 'to go no more out forever' Jesus was more than celibate; he was virgin. Why call me Lord... 'Why call me Lord, Lord; yet do not the things that I say?' And to every christian church of all lands, this question implies with equal importance. They alone are christians who love the Christ life so well that they walk' the way ' Jesus walked; learn'' the truth' of his words; and live the life of him whose' way, truth and life,' are our atonement, by following the Lord in the same. In the face of so full a knowledge... In the face of so full a knowledge, that licentiousness is the ruling sin of this age-nearly everything bending to cater to the sensual, sexually and solitarily-how can any, without excessive shame, decry the gospel testimony, or living examples of a people whose lifework is to counteract, encompass, and, subdue this extensive field of the devil?