Correspondence Dear Elder Albert: I owe you lots of apology... Mt. Lebanon, Dec. 24, 1876 Dear Elder ALBERT: I owe you lots of apology for not preparing something nice for jnn ua ry, I am, head arid heels, into orcharding. I work, for these ten weeks, until, at noon and night, the muscles set up an irresi stab!e cry for rest, like a brood of hungry chickens for food. I am so tender-hearted that, although I know my duty to you and THE SHAKER-to everybody depending on me to furnish something to stir up the dormant powers of amazed indignation against new theologies, or ancient tr uth s-e--wh e n I lay me down to 'leep, and my rest is as sweet as revenge, while the resulting effect is , to me, far better. But to you, to THE SHAKER, to everybody I do so love to rouse from death-sleep of orthodox conservati-m-or to quiet in the excrte men t of mis-named reform, it may b e disr s .rous in the extreme. Hew am I-to help in the matter of THE SHAKER? I am on the earth or in the trees. The mysteries of apple raising occupy my thoughts by day a n d my dreams by night when I do not bleep so sound that I cannot d: .a m without going out of my bundle at muscles entirely. Then again, write? Wh at can I Fay that is good, not already said in the December number, and fill' better said than 1 can say it? Love to you, as -c.ver ; and when I get all my out-door work done up, you may expect to hear from me again by way of the pen. Of the Constantine Sabbn t h : As a day of national. rest from physical -Iabor, and 01 spiritual indmtry-gocd. As a theological day, on which the things that are were made, out of nonentity, by congeries of creators':t&gt;s than a shadow. Do you take the Weather Probabilities? It (:0, are they certai nt ies to you, as to us? 1 get, from the department, l11y daily report, 01 rather prognostics, which, for the last three weeks, has been as m i nr.te lv accurate in slightly varying ~han.g-es of temperature, of clouds and sunshine, of rain and snow, as 1 could make at the end of each day. Are we not entering upon a new era, where in man will not only predict, but govern and control-ride the whirlwind and direct the storms of nature, in the outward and inward clements of his own being? All is mall. As the soul pertains to the spir it, so the body pertains to the soul, and the natural world to the body, Therefore, when there is no government by man, in all these elements, it i~ because there is no God recognized by man-man living , but living without God, and consequently without the power of government over his own spirit, soul, body, and the outward natural elements. Is any sick, let him send for the Elders of the Church, as the medium for communicating with God. Follow this law, through each department of kuowl rdge, and God will be all, in each human being. All , power is given to me, said Jesus, as pionce- of redeemed souls, both in I-leaven and Earth. And the power God has given me is e qua lly for you, when you come into the condition I have' attained unto. What manner of man is this, that even the winds and waves obey him? Just such manner of man as all believers may become. F. W. EVANS. F. W. Evans My very dear Brother Nicholas: As the mail brings me... Ayer, Mass., Dec. 11, 1876 AYER, MASS,. Dec. II, 1876. My very dear Brother NICHOLAS: . As the mail brings me the last of Vol. VI of THE SHAKER, I am very agreeably reminded that Vol., VII, which is to be our welcome visitor the coming year, must receive material aid. Enclosed you will find P. O. Order for full amount, as per circular July 26, 1876. Words are an impediment in attempting to convey to JOu our gratitude for the willing burden you bear in support of our little organ. As long as there is progress, there will be agitation of thought and opjnions, which are as tr.butar ies to knowledge - to absolute truth. 'Agitat;on of thought is the beginning of wisdom.' When that ceases! there will be no need of a paper as an educator. 'Silence in Heaven for half an hour j' or half a century. will not quiet the elements. After 'the fire of the altar was cast into the earth,' 'there were ,-:oices, and th underings and lightnings, and earthquakes.' We applaud the iconoclast when he break; another's idols. Let no fondness or reverence. for form or custom blind the eyes tc idolatry. Whatever claims our veneration: that discovers no present life, and is not adapted to our daily needs, and fails to vital. ize religious devotion into good works, savors of idolatry. Material or ideal. it matters not. Let us be 'living stones' in the rising temple; working for the growth of our souls: and for the increase of the Christ kingdoin. And, if sometimes on our journey we feel the chilling mists of the valley, and our feel press upon uncertain soil, and all seem: transition, remember that all the apos tles of truth who have led the advance, found their line' of march along this road. 1'01' ., Never on custom's oiled grooves The world to higher level m o ves ; But grates and grinds with friction hard, On granite boulder and rlinty s ha rd ; Even by losses the right must rcign, Ever.' good have its birth of pain; And graces and cha ri tiee feed the fire ! In which the wrongs of the age expire.' i In love, I remain, as ever, your abiding;~'.' brother, ELIJAH MYRICK. Elijah Myrick G. Albert Lomas: Dear Brother--I have been much assisted... Mt. Lebanon, Dec. 23, 1876 MT. LEBANON, Dec. 23, 1876. G. ALBERT LoMAs: Dear Brother-I have been much assisted and comforted by 'Would you?' in the December number of THE SHAKER, just at hand. ft has assisred me to serious reflect io n, and by sa id reflection I have been comforted. May it prove a word in due season to man.\ who are' 'twixt wind and water.' We an individually responsible for our e\'ery deed: word and thought; and although communism may possess a thousand blessings, it can never obliterate i ndividun! resj-omibility. J wish youmuch success in Jour editorial fa. bors, For proof, I enclose my mite. Would that I were able to do better. WiII you give 'The Young Folks' a corner in your enlarged edition of 1877? Yours, fraternally, THEO. GORHAM. Theo. Gorham