Notes by the Way HENRY C. BLINN Whether in the company of the rich or poor, educated uneducated; the necessity for the exercise of wholesome good manners is ever the same. Without affectations.it holds its possessor the genial and simple representative of what Webster defines, an educated mind. 'In the difsusion'of this liberal' education which the masses are so happily receiving at the present time, we may be justified in the expectant hope; of a higher interest in that departmeat which signally exalts the mind of man. It is one of the beautiful. gifts of God, which has not upon it the condemnation of caste. It glows in all its loveliness, in the cottage as well as the place, in the youth as in the adult. No disciplined , moral mind can well afford to be negligent in this respect ; while the professor of a spiritual life, the disciple of the Nazarene, would prove himself most unfortunate to assume that high calling, and at the same time treat with carelessness' the preliminary degree of simply good manners; But our time and our little paper has limitations; so we will make reference more particularly to that phase of the subject which, at present, interests us most. ,Always., for a proffered as well as for actual kindness, we should make a liberal compensation, through this free-will and beautiful compliment,' I kindIy thank you.' This was a cherished form of expression among the first founders of our institution,and has ever been the instruction of our gospell home. It is a treasure far more substantial than can be purchased by flatttering words, or by the bestowing of presents. How pleasantly everything. awakens into new life, when this beautiful response, heartfully follows a deed of kindness! Those who have learned to speak this sentence, and at the same time have learned that gentleness which .should accompany the remark, have, indeed, in their posession, a pearl of great price. ' I thank you! 'Did you ever realize what a magic influence these four little words exercise upon the hearer, and also upon the speaker? Take the first opportunity and make the experiment. Age is no barrier, for we must need ever be Iearning., Children should have the spirit of this sentence so indelibly impressed upon their minds, that no burdens, nor duties,which ;may devolve upon them in more advanced years will ever cancel or even dim this very essential obligation. , .' The introduction of an . abbreviated form of the sentence, destroys in a great degree, the cherished-effect, for what is worth doing at all is worth doing well; and whatever is worth our notice..of thankfullness, demands from us the best that we are able to bestow, That which costs us but little anxiety or: expense to secure, has generally. a corresponding appreciation.. Indeed, men of manners and men of the world, may greet you with the simple word, 'thanks.', If it wells up from an .affectionate and generous heart it may be a most lovely award. But it is oftener a cool, formal recognition Its commerciall value warrants its use by many. It occupies less time. eTo use it, however, requires but. little effort, and in many cases, even the simple monosyllable is mutilate« by the .suppression of the 'tit,' which measurabl y depri v es the hearer of the anticipated blessing, and the shaker of the so much needed discipline. III this form it can neither be consldered d~aodmannersnor good grammar; .and is by no means-commendable in anyone. On our pilgrimage through this life. w.e.-nust be more or less dependent upon each other. To admit this dependence shoulrl not only be a duty, but a life privilege; In the society of our aged parents, this simple remark of thought-] fuhppreciatioll, 'I kindly thank you,' D:J~y .for many days be to them.as the beautiful sunshine in their path. Do not forget to use it. In whatever company. We maybeplaeedv-among older oiyouriger, rich or poor, bond or free; We should never forget this christian oblgation. Return thanks, and let it be from the goodness of the heart. Try this, beloved friend, and witness the result.