Who wants Happiness? LARZ ERICKSON True happiness is only to be found in a true self-denying life. Shaker faith, carried out in practice, will fill the soul with goodness and true happiness, Obedience to the faith will purity our hearts ready to receive spiritual things. Riches and honors of this world do not make men nor women happy; because mankind are lost in transgression and disobedience to natural and spiritual laws. It was intended that a great deal of happiness should rest upon mankind in the natural order, if they would practice obedience to the laws for offspring; but now, transgression of the law destroys the best of it, and causes so much sickness of body and weakness of mind, with the affliction of licentiousness on the offspring,ihat now fills this earth with sorrow and anguish of soul in children and parents. And mankind are unhappy indeed; and there is no other way to remove it, but to reform: 'cease to do evil and learn to do well.' There is a voice from heaven to -mankind, repent and believe in.th'e gospel of Christ's second appearing. He will, reveal himself in every soul who will receive :him ',. He revealed himself in great Power and glory to our mother, Ann Leeso that he was able to crucify. all deeds , of the flesh, and rise with Christ in the first resurrection, and many others that shine bright as stars, on this earth, in all the,Shaker societies in America. Now men and women and youths of every kind and class, why not rise with Christ in the first resurrection? Why not come out from the world and purify yourselves from sin and from sinners, and-be, happy? Why not honor and respect your Savior and meet him with joy and thanksgiving? He will make an end of sin in your souls, and destroy the power of darkness; lay the foundation for a new heaven in every soul that receives him, and who renders obedience , to his requirements. He wants you to give up all: father, mother, wife and children and your own life also. If you do that you will be happy, and free, full of joy and thanksgiving night and day. You will be the light of the world even as He was the light of, the world. Every true Shaker is happy in tbe midst of suffering and tribulation, able to give thanks and glory to God now and evermore. Pleasant Hill, Ky .