Reply Reply. DEAR A.: I have read your musings at the breakfast table with ~ some thought and care, and have reflected upon the long lid of physiological -i ns, wh ich I may have co mrni tted in my ambition and zeal to be kind, by giving my best efforts in the art of cooking for my friends and guests : never failing at such times to call to my aid the pestle, or any other lablabor saving appliance at hand which would render good service. But it seems, according to your suggestion, that I have caused other people to commit physical sins, and from the in harmonious condition of the system thus induced, to commit all manner of sins. At first I Was disposed to laugh at your cogitations; but, indeed, I am growing very scber as I think of the sufferings and wrongs to which I have been indirectly 01.' remotely accessorry It seems that the ills arising unhygienic diet result not only in loss of health, ! loss of teeth, and, shall I say it?-Ioss of moral integrity. It leeks reasonable that teeth must decay if they have never been sufficiently used, or allowed to perform their natural functions. Again, I see that the introduction of food into the stomach, masticated by artificial means, is not conducive to health, it not having been mixed with the saliva, which nature affords, as is the case when substances are properly divided by the teeth; thus we are inclined to swallow the same too rapidly and this is another abuse of the stomach. The financial view of your subject is quite appalling. I wish we had known how to live just right many years ago, and consequently saved the money paid to dentists and. doctors, to expend in a more sensible way, don't you? or retained it ill cur pockets. LA place for everything, and everything in plnce;' L; a good motto for us in the cooking department, and equally appropriate when applied to the care of money. I think it high time, in view of our profession, to repent of Our past wrongs, praying meanwhile, that the sins of our ignorance may be winked at, or winked away. Dear A., when you write again for our 'Manual' please make some suggestions for reform, or invite some one else to do so for we are earnest for the right, and would like the best thoughts of reformers on this subject, Yours, S. S.