A Shaker Experience CAROLINE E. BRIGGS Away with all doubting ye feeble and fainting; Away with all fears for the Zion of God. The Lord in his infinite wisdom is guiding The feet of the wanderer to Zion's blest horne. To my mind the signs of the times indicate just this, and although some seem to see only darkness and a withdrawal of the spirit of God or goodness from the face of the earth, I can see beyond the clouds of error aud a seeming disregard for everything of a spiritual or religious nature, the' silver lining,' and hope and trust spring up within me, and I can afford to 'Learn to labor and to wait.' Oh! the beautiful gospel of Christ and Mother, which says' Come unto me all ye who are heavy laden and I will give you rest.' Oh! how often I have exclaimed within myself, 'would to God that there were more, that had even perhaps as faint a glimpse as I have of what that rest is.' It is indeed, a gift of God. I glory in the fact that I am able to live a Shaker life, that I have had a privilege to confess, and in as great a degree have been able to forsake my former sins. To battle with old nature in all its forms; to deny ourselves daily, striving ever to attain a measure of those christian graces which so adorn and beautify the soul, is an honorable work, and pne that I am thankful [ was led into, while sojourning in this earthly tabernacle. The thought that I am, even in my small capacity, helping on the cause of-Christ whose spirit I always loved, and reverenced}, is ample reward fer every sacrifice. About fifteen years ago, (I being in my thirtieth year), it was my good fortune to come, out of mere curiosity I then thought, to visit the Shakers at Enfield; not having any previous knowledge of their peculiar views, I was not at all prejudiced. On entering the village, I experienced feelings that could not be described, and after a short' tarry, became convinced that I had been guided wiser than I knew, and I saw plainly what my duty was, and from that time have endeavored to square my life by this precious gaspe: testimony. Hoping this little sketch of my experience may induce some weary soul to investigate our principles, I have thus written, for I believe there are many who would gladly avail themselves of the privilege to live in an atmosphere of greater purity than the ouside world affords them. To all such I would gladly extend the invitation, ' Come and see.' Enfield, N. H.