Editorial Notes There are some things which we confess... There are some things which we confess are very difficult for us to explain. Among others: How Spurgeon, a professor of Christ or Christianity, could : 'hope the time is short, before the entire Mohammedan race will be swept t from the face of the earth!' to which his auditors responded, with a 'tremendous amen' We ask, in the light of genuine Christianity, could devils hope for worse, or respond more tremendously? Again: The World's Crisis, in a nearly three column editorial, , illustrates the strength of the contending forces in the East, and sorrows that the ' Christians are not united in slaying the Mohammedans I' The World's Crisis looks for Christ daily! Surely, 'My kingdom is not of this world;' and those who pleasure in war are devils, not Christians. Who follows Christ in war? When professedly christian people do wrong... When professedly christian people do wrong, or that which Jesus never did, and which, 'to follow him' would forbid; they do not commonly presume they were not christians, but christian sinners for the time. It is far easier. quite popular, to be a christian simler; but truth demands that we say there are none such, and who sins is of the devil. and is not a follower of Jesus, is none of his. Celibate does not sufficiently define shakerhood... Celibate does not sufficiently define Shakerhood. By a SHAKER, we mean a virgin celibate, one who either never has lost virginity by carnal contact, or one who, having been so unchristianly unfortunate, is redeeming that virtue by dint of an extreme self-denial, equaled only by the example of Jesus, the Christ. It is a matter of importance only, not whether an individual SHAKER has ever been a virgin celibate, or of recent conversion; the importance lies in the fact whether he or she is living the life of a virgin celibate now, 'to go no more out forever' Jesus was more than celibate; he was virgin. Why call me Lord... 'Why call me Lord, Lord; yet do not the things that I say?' And to every christian church of all lands, this question implies with equal importance. They alone are christians who love the Christ life so well that they walk' the way ' Jesus walked; learn'' the truth' of his words; and live the life of him whose' way, truth and life,' are our atonement, by following the Lord in the same. In the face of so full a knowledge... In the face of so full a knowledge, that licentiousness is the ruling sin of this age-nearly everything bending to cater to the sensual, sexually and solitarily-how can any, without excessive shame, decry the gospel testimony, or living examples of a people whose lifework is to counteract, encompass, and, subdue this extensive field of the devil? What if benevolence were as strong a force in human nature... WHAT if benevolence were as strong a force in human nature as selfishness; couId not this be a happier world? Yet It might be as strong a force if it were as persistently I cultivated. Then don't go on applauding every selfish net or purpose you know of, unless you stop complaining of a bad world.-New Age Paragraphic of life The exposure, that 'Mother Shipton's Prophecy,' so extensively quoted, was writen in 1862, and not in 1448, will be a disagreeable surprise to many thousands. It was the deceptive work of a man named Charles Hindley, of Brighton, Eng. It is not generally known, that our Bro. J. M. Peebles has been a student of Materia Medica, and graduating recently, received this M. D., and is now Dr. Peebles. We were permitted a knowledge of his training and metamorphosis. The Chief Justice of the U.S. decides that no woman needs apply for permission to practice in the U. S. Supreme Court. Here is the silly reason: 'By the uniform practice of the court from its organization to the present time, and by the fair construction of its rules, none but men are admitted to practice before it as attorneys and counsellors.' The music in THE SHAKER, present issue, is the production of SHAKER souls; the typography the work of SHAKER hands; and we are proud to feel, that it will be appreciated the more, when the fact is made known. We feel almost warranted in challenging better typography than is set by our dear, Shaker sisters. We would answer C. W. S., by saying: Gov. Tilden was not born among The SHAKERS; that he never was a Shaker, that we do not attribute his bachelor lite to any influence of Shakerism. His birth-place joined the Shaker farms at Mt. Lebanon, and himself and brothers, besides father and mother have been familiarly known to the Shakers, for a time equal to the governor's age. A recent paragraph tells us that Spurgeon's sister has entered the pulpit. Our word for it, she will prove more charitable, liberal, and dispense more salvation than her noted brother, who 'deals damnation round the land,' on each, he judges the Lord's foe. We are glad theprcfcssedly christian pulpits are being opened to women, if the courts as yet deny them practice. Almost anyone can discover the soul of the following gospcl wit by Josh. Billings: 'Trying tu l iv on the rcputashun uv a dcd grundfather, iz just about az enterprizing az I trying to hatch out rottun eggz under a tin wether-cock.