The Living Present Elijah Myrick It was a wise axiom with our early I ancestors, that they would recognize II 'the greatest gift (of revelation) as I i their lead.' This cardinal principle f should never be lost. It at once con- s firms the' greater works', the 'greatif increase'; stimulates to present, active if service, and is the conservator of all acquired good. Mother Ann Lee, feeling a loss of the inspiring gift of God in her soul after sleeping, promised that if she could regain it, she would never lose it through slumber, and many times she 'labored all night'. She was then thebody, the church. And should not the church to-day, work diligently, lest through! its slumbers, the gift of God be lost and I the darkness of night overshadow its 1 light, and the city On a hill be cloud' I capped? The Sabbath, the Bible, the church, the ministry and the christian name, j each beautiful in itself, work ruin, when I made substitutes for holiness of heart ~ and a divine life-for religion-which is something more than historic chris- I tianity-if is life. Is our life, religion? I livingorembalmed? I We need to look around often and see what is passing before our eyes, instead of looking behind and before us. Time is a fragment of eternity. Devote every day to something TWW in order, and let what is gained by one be I invested in all; becoming a permanent investment for all time. Devotees who stand in the foot-prints of theirfathers, resting on their laurels, stand square in the way of the living .present. Supine loyalty is not a christian trait. 'Follow me, the way, the truth and the life ', was the voice of Him, who, standing guard around truth, cnrricd'n love stronger than death.] Hetloes notforecloseIiuman concious-' ness against the income of new truth, nor make a nv one fact of human history, a bar to developmcnt; but fairly I admits of an advance beyond him. I The little child, innocent and trusting, just introduced into theworld of effects, seekingtoknow the causes; is like those born spiritually into the divine)ifc, the kingdom. of Christ. Each.. onemnst undcrstand icause and effect. . 'Count tllecost',willalwaysbe in order .. 1\s thetestimony of ]esusisthe .. spirit of prophesy';~Qisevery true christinn Institution , the cradle of liberty and of progress. VIe look in vain to the tomb for the buds cf promise. Our hold on the past is the needed lever to stretch the warp of time, making the web of life's experience more! firm and perfect. But the tension should never resist the unfolding; refnse the smiling woof; nor impede the flying shuttle of time. • Talents should never be laid away in 'a napkin, white though it may be. God does his work by endowment; but the i glorious destination to which a wise and: I active improvement will bring us, is not i the work of the giver, it is ours. Why !then, wait upon th.c Lord, when the! l Lord is waiting our service ? We have the example, the experience, the proof-sheet of the prophets, who have given value to the world's history j their heroism, their living and dying for truth in t!teir time. We, too, must battle with our errors. Cast away whatever has become of fate, 'perished in its using.' Like an old carriage, if 1 fastened behind, will only aid in a descent. Jesus broke from the exclusiveness ofl his early education, and tiding over on i the John Baptist wave of inspiration. became an active agent in the world, for good, aggressive good, else we had never known his history. And it was the •• Acts of the Apostles' that were worth reading. Let each one add their mite and might to the record. Like the glow-worm we only shine when in motion. 'The prayer of action moves the world, It breaks and tills the sad.' Whenever such a prayer ascends, 'T will find response from G~d. Our needs are parent to our prayer, .We seek for more of the divine; 'Tis breathed upon the willing air, For those who live in present time,