My very dear Brother Nicholas: As the mail brings me... Ayer, Mass., Dec. 11, 1876 AYER, MASS,. Dec. II, 1876. My very dear Brother NICHOLAS: . As the mail brings me the last of Vol. VI of THE SHAKER, I am very agreeably reminded that Vol., VII, which is to be our welcome visitor the coming year, must receive material aid. Enclosed you will find P. O. Order for full amount, as per circular July 26, 1876. Words are an impediment in attempting to convey to JOu our gratitude for the willing burden you bear in support of our little organ. As long as there is progress, there will be agitation of thought and opjnions, which are as tr.butar ies to knowledge - to absolute truth. 'Agitat;on of thought is the beginning of wisdom.' When that ceases! there will be no need of a paper as an educator. 'Silence in Heaven for half an hour j' or half a century. will not quiet the elements. After 'the fire of the altar was cast into the earth,' 'there were ,-:oices, and th underings and lightnings, and earthquakes.' We applaud the iconoclast when he break; another's idols. Let no fondness or reverence. for form or custom blind the eyes tc idolatry. Whatever claims our veneration: that discovers no present life, and is not adapted to our daily needs, and fails to vital. ize religious devotion into good works, savors of idolatry. Material or ideal. it matters not. Let us be 'living stones' in the rising temple; working for the growth of our souls: and for the increase of the Christ kingdoin. And, if sometimes on our journey we feel the chilling mists of the valley, and our feel press upon uncertain soil, and all seem: transition, remember that all the apos tles of truth who have led the advance, found their line' of march along this road. 1'01' ., Never on custom's oiled grooves The world to higher level m o ves ; But grates and grinds with friction hard, On granite boulder and rlinty s ha rd ; Even by losses the right must rcign, Ever.' good have its birth of pain; And graces and cha ri tiee feed the fire ! In which the wrongs of the age expire.' i In love, I remain, as ever, your abiding;~'.' brother, ELIJAH MYRICK. Elijah Myrick