The Manifestation of Truth ABRAHAM PERKINS Somewhere I have read that ' anything which will unite people, and make them behave well, may be called religion.' I accept the declaratro n. No people can long exist and prosper without religion, which to them must become an organic element, the tendenry of whose nature and principle is, to unite and consolidate; otherwise, the constituent principles of disintegration exist, and consequently, detruetion is inevitable. No family, people, nor nation, not a christian church, however blest and prospered, however gifted and inspired of God, can long hold an honorable standing, unless interwoven in itsIife, there exists a religion having power to unite, to save and cause the body to behave well and make it better. Is not this a subject of sufficient magnitude and importance to every individual , to every body of people, and especially to every christian church, worthy of being taken home and brought to bear upon the life and character of that body or church? Should it not so operate as to enforce a canvass of its life and character and an analysis of its properies? Should any individual flinch from duty, because of the work he there finds to 10 and the burdens connected therew.th P Or, shall he seek to escape the scrutiny of investigation , because of the imperfections of society and the evils of his own heart? Nay if he attempts such a course, he is a coward, unworthy the name of a man, much less a christian. If he is unwilling to let the light of heaven shine upon his acts of life, and .huns investigation, he lack; moral courage and acts the hypocrite. And unless he makes corrections, amendments and progress his life-work, he is dishonest, disloyal, unprincipled and untrue to himself an.I (to his proession. lle who str ives every day of hs ife agreeably to the light of his own concience, to live in perfect' justification before God and fears no ill: he has notLi:J.g to .over nor conceal. Such a ma n is \\ illir g that h is life, his labors and the motives of his 'ieart should be mapped out and spread before all the world for inspection; he seeks -iot to evade the most scruti niz.n g survey, .he closest and severest disquisi tio n or the Ieepest research, even of his enemies. If ie lives in upri;htnes.;;, no true knowledge of lis life can harm him. He who fears most .hat the truth should be told, is he whom the .ruth would indict. s , Lord, who shall ab.de in Thy tabernacle, .vho shall dwell in Thy holy hill r' lIe only, vho is honest, just, innocent and pure. He m ly, ' that walketh uprightly, and worketh 'ighteousness, and speaketh the truth in his ieart j that backbiteth not with his tongue, ior doeth evil to his neighbor, nor taketh up l reproach against his neighbor; in whose 'yes a vile person iscontemnecl,' and 'honor.th them that fear the Lord.' (Psalm, 15th.) The spirit of the Lord was upon David .vhen he uttered the words of tliat song. At hat tithe he had more theology than he pesessed religion. Those principles lived, .vou ld have produced a \'ery different dispe nation in those days of licentiousness and val' j and, carried out to-day, would make a iaradise of this world. No more should we rear the call to arms; no more the din and ufferings of war; 110 more the scourge and 'nhuman cruelty of slavery j no more would rrate upon OUI• ears the hocking reports cf he corrupting, debasing, beastly and fiendish .vorks of man j no more selfishness, '' mine md thine j' but one common interest would iervade our paradis leal world j sin world be Ione away and the souls of men absolved 'rom e\'ery taint of evil and every influence hat would bring bondage or shame. Our i'overnment would become divine, and comununity of interests and virgin life- would be ts basic principles; an order after that of the primitive christians, as that of the church I established at Jerusalem in the days of the - Apostles would be our order, and the kingdom of peace would be set up for us, universally to enjoy. In conclusion. let me ask :-ls not this the work of the millennium? Is not this the angel, the resurrection order, the work of Christ, as wrought- out in the life and exarn-l pie of Jesus? If so, will we sacrifice for it and make it ours? Here lies the work for the decision of conscience. Obedience to this faith gives us our christian, covenant relation. This perfect consecration alone is Shaker life; and this alone extends the ranks of our holy institution. Canterbury, N. H .