The Shaker Covenant sickness, and as good to its spirit, as careful nursing in care in health, as any other individual in society. To these ends the Covenant binds itself to its subscribers. It accepts the physical care of all who are permitted to bring themselves under obligation to it, so long as they keep such obligation intact—accepting them physically, 'for better or for worse.' It is a spiritual Protection. It contains the constituents of the Comforter. It is the Conservatory of the most sacred vows ever consecrated unto God or a godly life. It is an unequaled, disciplinary Monitor—the ne plus ultra for selfish, sinful humanity, who, desirous of 'that better way,' are struggling for that realm, where divine humanity is alone active. True, we yield our private, personal rights to it; and it, in return, gives us the hundred-fold of privileges, superior to any personal claims we can make. It provides us with Ministers or Bishops : As premiers in government, their decisions are final, and we yield thereto; realizing, at the same time, that these same decisions, as wel as their counsels and instructions, are guided by the same Covenant. None are permitted to rule ' as with a rod o iron ;' nor by it required to act the servile or debased slave, wherever pow er is acknowledged. No distinctions from obligations to the Coveiiaiit are in any case considered ; most thoroughly are and firmest and the Bishops reTo the question, frequently asked ' What holds your people together?' we answer, ' Our Covenant.' Then arises a curiosity to know the principles of this compact. Its record is a written Instrument, drawn with exceeding care, in behalf of sin-sick souls quired to stand upon and to be guidec by it. It ordains Elders : These, as nex to the Ministries, are governors, or executive officers, of the sub-divisions o Societies called Families. Not less than the Ministries are the Elders re quired to be governed by the Covenant The Elders deal directly with subordi nate officers and members, and are ad mitted to be superiors while fulfilling and executing their official duties. To them the members look for an example of close adherence to the covenanta —the weary and heavily laden of the!principles ot Shakerism. If Minister 'rom it, are, or should be, so fully unierstood and so earnestly studied by all of its subscribers, that whatever may be mplied by 'a screw loose,' or incomDatible relationships, may seek and find an unfailing remedy by a return to the Covenant, while complete adherence hereto will be provocative of a love and good-will, which will need no remedy, and which will ever cause the exclamation, ' See how the Christians ove one another ! ' and Elders are privileged classes, the privileges signify duties of service exceeding those of their subordinates,— in entrance, by sympathy, into the piritual afflictions of the members, cnown by their confessions, and by vhose forbearance, charity and parenal love members rise superior to spiritlal losses, to 'go and sin no more.' Wherever there is seen a successful, lourishing family of Shakers, it may :&gt;e known that at its head stand, and work and pray, in all the relinquish merit of selfish emoluments of honor or posiion, Elders, true to their calling, to the Covenant—''servants of all.' We are provided with Trustees : To these are committed the temporal trusts of the societies. The labors, and their results, of all the members pass into their lands, and these are dispensed in accordance with provisions of the Covenant, for ind in behalf of the members, or ' for charitable and religious purposes' outside of the societies, the dispensing of which is carefully provided for by the Covenant. Trustees are expected to be models of prudence and industry in all temporal things, while holden to as strict an accountability of their spiritual conditions as their superiors—the Elders. The trusts committed to theii care are too sacred to permit scarcely Suspension of judgment is asked of any, who may have been led to supDose that Elder F. W. Evans has not sufficient deference for Sunday as a Sabbath. The article in Feb. No. by ' One of the Brethren,' might mislead some to animadvert erroneously. \Ve have on hand, an article from the elder—' The Lord's Sabbath '—which we are sorry arrived too late for this lumber's insertion. It will fully explain his position. Our knowledge of the elder, causes us to observe, that he is the equal of Miles Standish in the observance of Sabbaths, and a great deal more consistent.—Editor. a thought of their betrayal or prostitution. To their keeping are committed, in confidence, the unreserved consecration of this life's labors of many, in behalf of the upbuilding, upholding of a temporal Zion. Not one dollar of such trusts is theirs, only as faring and sharing with their subordinate producers — the Brethren and Sisters of society. The conditions upon which they receive and accept their trusts could be made no safer nor more sacred by their bonds nor oaths. To those who look upon the position of Trustees as desirable—to those who aspire to or envy the same—such may with certainty be classed as either ignorant of what the faithful discharge of such duties are, or self-seekers and servers, untrustworthy and dishonest. Trustees are strictly accountable to the Elders, according to the Covenant; the Elders with the same to the Ministers ; and Ministers, Elders and Trustees to the entire body of Society. It is a solemn act to join the Shakers, by assigning all there is of one's self to labor for the good of others, even to the forgetting of selfish considerations. Yet this is just what the spirit of The Shaker Covenant expects and requires, and the results of such requisitions are invariably beautiful, peaceable, peaceful Brethren and Sisters in Christ. We, ourselves, are bztt learners of the full import of this sacred instrument. Standing upon this Covenant together, ' all is concert, all summer ; ' while departures from such obligations, even to a limited extent, breed unpleasant and trying relations, which are onlyamended and cured byconfession, and a repentance that means will ace, who have cast off their burdens of in ; and it is strongly guarded from the aggressions of envious, jealous and vituperative backsliders. Since its creation, it has ever stood as a monumental invitation to the former class ; and t has so invariably resisted with success the latter parties, as ever to insure their certain, ignominious defeat. It is a Platform upon which we all may and must stand, or we must step down and out from its sure and elevatng privileges, secular and sacred. It s a solemn Obligation, accepted by each person composing Shaker societies, to maintain that peculiar government, discipline and behavior which promises to transform, by such maintenance, people of any kindred, tongue or nation into the 'peculiar people' called Shakers. It is a sure, temporal Privilege : So long as any acceptable member keeps this league inviolate, that individual is worthy of, and must receive according