Christian Culture. Eo. 1 WM. H. BUSSELL 'A Christian is the highest style of man.' — Young. If this is so, the evident inference is, that ilone is Christian culture which elevates man :o the highest state of his being; as a necessary consequence, that which falls short of :his in any degree just so far lacks the true used with all indistruth more felt and requisites of Christian culture. The question is not, what sort of training will make the aest statesman, such as the present conditions of society demand, or the best scientist, artist, artisan, or specialist of whatever kind, but what will so develop, enlarge, and refine all the native powers of the human being, as to make him capable not only of comprehending what constitutes the best statesman, scientist, and the like, but also of accomplishing whatever can be effected by either in his best estates, whether that be of a physical, mental or moral character. It requires no great power of insight nor farsight to perceive that this subject has to do not only with the present but much more with the far-extending future. In fact, the very commencement of Christian culture must and does start with the glorious truth of man's immortality. It is conceivable thai human beings could be influenced by motives drawn only from transient considerations to enter upon many courses of conduct that engage their attention; but, in the language of the apostle, ' to aspire after glory, honor and immortality,' eternal life must be helc out as a motive. It matters not that there are myriads who have development sufficient only to comprehend the simplest truths. They have enough to take in this elementary truth, and hence enough to start upon that course that shal ultimate in the greatest conceivable blessedness. All were but children in understanding at first, and, by the necessities of then condition, accepted as true the seeming instead of the real, not only in external nature but also in the mental and moral states. Yet notwithstanding this apparent obstacle to progress, multitudes have advanced, very slowly, it is true, until the dawn of day has enabled them to see and define with sufficien exactness, the objects presented to their view. Before them they behold a landscape of ineffable beauty and splendor, as well as of infinite variety, and it needs only a patient endurance until the sun shall diffuse its rays over the entire scene, to be completely entranced with the vision of the divine glory. In considering what sort of culture is adapted to any one at the various periods of life, regard must be paid to natural development. That there is a vast difference in this respect in different persons all perceive. mman beings, but particular methods cannot advantageously be criminately. This is a appreciated in the present than in any past ige. Had it been fully appreciated in the &gt;ast, mankind would have been spared many of the physical tortures and mental agonies hat have been endured from ignorance and Digotry, and exalted to places of power and luthority. An essential prerequisite to the highest culture of which man is capable, is freedom of thought and of action. But freedom in a society where all are alike ignorant, is of little value. Hence, in the earliest stages of society, the idea of continuous mental and moral progress did not exist. This is the 3roduct of later ages. No mental and moral ideas were developed, teachers arose, claiming authority as such. These, as a consequence of their partial developments, became arbitrary toward others, mation, they were the In their own estidepositaries of all truths revealed by the gods. But, all along the ages, new ideas were started, not originating in the priestly brain, and not manipulated by priestly hands. Hence arose the conflicts of parties, and these have continued to the present age. This is pre-eminently the age of ideas, but of conflicting ideas. He who teaches from authority alone, whether that of the book or the bishop, has his adherents still, but much diminished in numbers from those of other ages. The greater number require proof of what they are to accept as truth, whether it be called religious or scientific. This is far better, if only the truth is obeyed when known. Freedom implies liberty to reject error, but is valuable only as it is accompanied with the obligation to accept truth whenever and wherever proved to be such. For genuine Christian culture, then, the power of discrimination is required, and the obligation to exercise it is imperative. When this is in free and full exercise, there will be progress, slow, no doubt, but real; and there will be the satisfaction which can be felt onlj by the one whom the truth has made free, at tended by the consciousness that this freedom with all its glorious results is to be perpetual