Shakers, N. Y., 1877 Friend Williams : I find, upon count ¦ ing your questions, there are twelve of them ; and while I am amused at some of them, I can but admit, too many really believe, as you observe, that the Shaker sexes never speak to one another, sleep in different houses, eat in different apartments, and incline to coolness and unkindness. In regard to such opinions, I have only to repeat once more, that the reverse of each is true ; and I will add, the contrary is exceedingly true, so far as ' coolness and unkindness' is expressed—-none could manifest warmer, genuine kindness than is exhibited by genuine brethren and sisters among the Shakers. That we enjoy separate sleeping apartments is true, and that we do not converse at our meals is also true ; and, for aught we know, Queen Victoria has patterned this wisdom of ours, commonly practiced at the royal table ! Concerning our number of meetings, etc., see letter above. All pairing or mating is not only discarded, but severely condemned and ever has been. Each brother, however, has appointed for his convenience some sister to look after his individual necessities, as knitting, mending, general supervision of his clothing; and this appointment demands of the brother any individual, gospel kindness she may at any time need at his hands. But the attempt is ever made, with considerable success, to urge into practice ' the love universal' from each to all. To your question, 'Are you all of one mind theologically?' we answer positively in the affirmative, as far as our fundamental principles are theological ; but further than these, we answer in the negative. There are those among us who have not progressed beyond the triune-God theory, and yet are living clean, self-denying Shaker lives ; others believe in fore-ordination, predestination; and a few who are not yet certain that Jesus was a Tew, conceived and born as other children ; that he was not a God-man, and did not considerably wipe out human sins by atonement! And minor opinions are legion among us ; and yet, on the points of virgin celibacy, common property, non-resistance, peace, and a Christ-government, with which there shall be no mingling of the state, we are, or must be, a unit. Concerning the accounts of spiritual manifestations among us, we have to say that, though largely withdrawn at present, we are not entirely without them. Considerable prominence has been given to spiritualism among the Shakers ; but so far as this has been used publicly by historians, and those unfit to be called such, those portions that could be presented in the most ridiculous manner, have been used in preference to those which more particularly represented our principles. Some have deemed our princi-. pies ' so well understood,' as to leave little else than a garbled mass of unspiritual spiritualism to be presented. The truth is, spiritualism has done greater works among the Shakers, given better evidences of its reality, illustrated in superior degree its most excellent features, than any account of it, given anywhere else, since its debut to the world at Rochester, N. Y., of which appearance we had definite information years before it occurred. The introduction of spiritualism, its more modern phases—'last manifestations,' as we term them—found us napping,' or quite unprepared for them ; in fact, we did not know what to do with them ; and, for a time, they governed us and our wisdom, and we THE SHAKER. 15 frankly admit all of this ; but we have to grind ' old nature ' considerably to ' love those who have so despitefully used us' as to present to the world these unwise features of spiritual phenomena as specimens of Shaker religion ! To your ninth will say that Shakerism inculcates industry, believing with Bunyan that ' an idle man's head is the devil's workshop,' and with Watts, ' Satan finds some mischief still;' and from our Bishops, Elders, Trustees, down to the least, some kind of industry is engaged in by each. Regarding the perpetuity of our institutions, this is a matter of small importance compared with the maintenance of our principles to, and before the world. Institutions are man-made; our principles are heaven-born ; and if we but maintain them intact while life is ours, our mission will be well-fulfilled, and we can trust their continuance in others to the Omniscient. To do our full duty, we have not forgotten the need of a missionary ; and we send out at our own expense thousands of copies of The Shaker, to the end that ' the gospel may be spread to the ends of the earth ;' and to properly quiet our consciences, that we are not ' hiding our lights under a bushel,' but are as that city set upon a hill,—for these The Shaker means to live. I have answered nearly all ot your questions. I would refer you to a little work nearly in press,—'Plain Talks,'—for further, fuller information. I am yours, 'ALBATROSS.'