SOCIAL LIFE TOPICS Shakers, Albany Co., N. Y., Jan. 20, 1877 My very dear H. C. B. : I am urged to write you a ' Social Life ' letter ; and as the editor wishes it for publication in The Shaker, it undoubtedly should contain some, even many of the characteristics of our social life. I will try and embrace the ' some' leaving to your reply the ' many.' My themes lead me to dwell upon those practices in our life, that strongly remind one of the Quakers—prayer times, retiring times—and I almost hear the readers say, there can nothing be said of them that is new, salacious, or soul-stirring. Please wait a minute. You know, my dear H., that our rules cause us to kneel in prayer, eight times in a day—before and after each meal, and upon rising from and retiring to bed. Again, before we meet for special worship, we assemble in our individual departments, and retire from external thoughts and movements, seated for deep reflection from fifteen to thirty minutes. What is this retirement, but for prayer? Again, we enter our sanctuaries, and there we often unite in prayer upon our bended knees ; and there we sing in prayer, and there petition by vocal address, prayers in abundance. Again, there are those I know of, who pray 'between times;' who have sanctum sanctorums beneath some beauteous tree, or on some spot, secluded by myrtles and evergreens; and further, one of our early fathers was led to remark, in consideration of the requisite chastity of our lives : 'A good believer's every breath is prayer to God !' Who will then say we are not a praying people ? And when I remind you, in illustration of our lives to others, that scarcely an evening passes, that we as brethren and sisters, do not meet for some united purposes of soul-improvement, we will earn the sobriquet of a ' meeting people.' We pray before we eat, and before we meet in worshipful labors ; we meet for reflection, for singing, for reading, for lectures of various hues, some of them agreeable, all of them, it is hoped, profitable ; and now, with all of our seasons of prayer, retirement, physical exercises, etc., are we as much better therefor, as we should be ? I had a conversation with one of our most exact brethren: I said, ' B., do you always pray when you kneel down?' B. 'What a question that is to ask a man!' A. ' Strange, I admit; but what do you say, or think of when on your knees? Is not this a simple question?' B. 'Yea, simple and impertinent too ! I never had any one ask me such a question before !' A. ' Well, you will excuse my seeming impertinence, when I tell you, that I ask to find if you are not something like me about praying. I kneel eight, and more times daily with you, and I sometimes forget where I am, and what I should be doing, don't you ?' B. ' Well, you are so frank about yourself, I must admit that the form too frequently is all there is of it. My aim at such times, is to think grateful thoughts, and I chasten myself whenever I fail of doing so.' A. ' And don't you have to chasten yourself very frequently? I do.' B. ' Perhaps, I ought to admit, that I should chasten myself more than I do.' A. ' Now my dear B., I heard L. and D. talking on the same subject:' D. 'Luke, when you ought to be praying, are you not frequently studying up some new invention, or other project? Are you not planning some new house or barn ?' L. 'I'll answer you by asking: David, when you are on your knees, are you not frequently going to see some man, to drive a bargain with him? Counting over what others owe you, you owe others, or the dreadful time when the taxes are due?' D. ' Luke, if you will stop asking questions, I will! ' Perhaps, my dear H., I have told enough of colloquy ; but they will answer my purpose. Unless we are careful, as a people, we shall permit spiritual activity to become swamped with mere formality. Of a truth, these seasons of prayer, and especially our 'retiring times,' may be made the most profitable for spiritual progress of any of our devotions. One of the most celebrated of our modern sages has recently written: 'One hour of silent conflict with a personal fault is worth years of churchal theologies ! ' He undoubtedly meant our retiring times. It is not a question, but a decision with me, that when wre shall have faithfully improved thirty minutes of i-etirement, wre might often be excused further congregation, and the time be next best improved by retiring to rest, to awaken at five or half-past five next morning. I have thought, too, whether the omission of table prayers once in a while, and the substitution of remarks by some one, as a reminder of gratefulness due, would not interrupt the form not only, but give us a new start and better gift in saying our grace. There are other topics that I want to write you upon, but hoping you will anticipate me in your reply, I leave you, to answer a letter of Williams'. I am yours, 'ALBATROSS.'