Moral Law JAMES S. PRESCOTT When the Centennial Exhibition closed, a clerical appeal was made to all men to keep the Sabbath. ' To fathers, mothers, pastors, PATRIOTS, MEN OF ALL CLASSES, KEEP the sabbath,' simply because it was the fourth commandment in the moral law. We do not object to all men keeping the Sabbath, the moral law, or any part of it; but why, we would ask, urge the keeping of the fourth commandment and not the second? Did not both proceed from the same God ? And are not all the commandments in the moral law equally binding? ' Thou shalt not make thee any graven image or likeness of any thing,' etc. This was considered a divine injunction ; but where is the precept kept? Are not graven images found in almost every, so-called, Christian household in our land? What shall we call those larger images, curiously cut and carved out of marble, stone and bronze, found in public squares, parks and museums in all our large cities ? Would not the learned orientals be justified in calling them idols, heathen idoh of America? Christian idols, kept in violation of the second commandment in the Jewish Decalogue? And now, issuing a circular, the ' Centennial Voice,' calling upon all men, of all nations, to keep the fourth com mandment. Will not our heathen neighbor: carry home a bad report,especially if they have our Bible circulating read and interpret there no sectarian is the Constitution ? among them, and can its true meaning? I: jod about this ? Where He Avho claimed to be Lord of the Sabbath, and recognized as such, did not lay so much stress on the fourth commandment as some of his modern disciples. He said that ' the Sabbath was made for man, and not man foi the Sabbath,' that it was made to serve man's interest, and not for man to become a slave to some religious dogma, or creed. He also said, ' it was lawful to do good on the Sab bath.' If there was any good in the 'Centennial exhibition,' the Commissioners ough to have opened it every day in the week, and let the world had the benefit of it; and to have left the Sabbath an open question, and optional, with all nations; and not require them to keep a day they had no faith in for ' whatsoever is not of faith is sin.' The good Lord of the Sabbath seemed to prefer the heretical, but good Samaritan, to the orthodox priest and Levite; because h did the -works, and did not omit the weight ier matters of the law. He who in a cold winter day, goes and carries a load of wood, a basket of potatoes, or a loaf of bread, to a poor suffering widow, to keep herself and little ones from starving and freezing to death, and says nothing about it, does more towards keeping the moral law and the Sabbath in its true spirit, than all burnt offerings and ancient sacrifices. Yea, more than all long prayers, sermonizing, and useless ceremony now so prevalent; although he may never have heard the name of Christ, nor have seen the inside of any church. We believe in keeping sacred one day in even, as a day of rest. It is good for soul ind body, nature's law requires it, while every lay ought to be kept too sacred to commit any sin thereon. North Union, O.