SOCIAL LIFE TOPICS Shakers, Albany Co., N. Y., Jan. 20, 1877 My very dear H. C. B. : I am urged to write you a ' Social Life ' letter ; and as the editor wishes it for publication in The Shaker, it undoubtedly should contain some, even many of the characteristics of our social life. I will try and embrace the ' some' leaving to your reply the ' many.' My themes lead me to dwell upon those practices in our life, that strongly remind one of the Quakers—prayer times, retiring times—and I almost hear the readers say, there can nothing be said of them that is new, salacious, or soul-stirring. Please wait a minute. You know, my dear H., that our rules cause us to kneel in prayer, eight times in a day—before and after each meal, and upon rising from and retiring to bed. Again, before we meet for special worship, we assemble in our individual departments, and retire from external thoughts and movements, seated for deep reflection from fifteen to thirty minutes. What is this retirement, but for prayer? Again, we enter our sanctuaries, and there we often unite in prayer upon our bended knees ; and there we sing in prayer, and there petition by vocal address, prayers in abundance. Again, there are those I know of, who pray 'between times;' who have sanctum sanctorums beneath some beauteous tree, or on some spot, secluded by myrtles and evergreens; and further, one of our early fathers was led to remark, in consideration of the requisite chastity of our lives : 'A good believer's every breath is prayer to God !' Who will then say we are not a praying people ? And when I remind you, in illustration of our lives to others, that scarcely an evening passes, that we as brethren and sisters, do not meet for some united purposes of soul-improvement, we will earn the sobriquet of a ' meeting people.' We pray before we eat, and before we meet in worshipful labors ; we meet for reflection, for singing, for reading, for lectures of various hues, some of them agreeable, all of them, it is hoped, profitable ; and now, with all of our seasons of prayer, retirement, physical exercises, etc., are we as much better therefor, as we should be ? I had a conversation with one of our most exact brethren: I said, ' B., do you always pray when you kneel down?' B. 'What a question that is to ask a man!' A. ' Strange, I admit; but what do you say, or think of when on your knees? Is not this a simple question?' B. 'Yea, simple and impertinent too ! I never had any one ask me such a question before !' A. ' Well, you will excuse my seeming impertinence, when I tell you, that I ask to find if you are not something like me about praying. I kneel eight, and more times daily with you, and I sometimes forget where I am, and what I should be doing, don't you ?' B. ' Well, you are so frank about yourself, I must admit that the form too frequently is all there is of it. My aim at such times, is to think grateful thoughts, and I chasten myself whenever I fail of doing so.' A. ' And don't you have to chasten yourself very frequently? I do.' B. ' Perhaps, I ought to admit, that I should chasten myself more than I do.' A. ' Now my dear B., I heard L. and D. talking on the same subject:' D. 'Luke, when you ought to be praying, are you not frequently studying up some new invention, or other project? Are you not planning some new house or barn ?' L. 'I'll answer you by asking: David, when you are on your knees, are you not frequently going to see some man, to drive a bargain with him? Counting over what others owe you, you owe others, or the dreadful time when the taxes are due?' D. ' Luke, if you will stop asking questions, I will! ' Perhaps, my dear H., I have told enough of colloquy ; but they will answer my purpose. Unless we are careful, as a people, we shall permit spiritual activity to become swamped with mere formality. Of a truth, these seasons of prayer, and especially our 'retiring times,' may be made the most profitable for spiritual progress of any of our devotions. One of the most celebrated of our modern sages has recently written: 'One hour of silent conflict with a personal fault is worth years of churchal theologies ! ' He undoubtedly meant our retiring times. It is not a question, but a decision with me, that when wre shall have faithfully improved thirty minutes of i-etirement, wre might often be excused further congregation, and the time be next best improved by retiring to rest, to awaken at five or half-past five next morning. I have thought, too, whether the omission of table prayers once in a while, and the substitution of remarks by some one, as a reminder of gratefulness due, would not interrupt the form not only, but give us a new start and better gift in saying our grace. There are other topics that I want to write you upon, but hoping you will anticipate me in your reply, I leave you, to answer a letter of Williams'. I am yours, 'ALBATROSS.' Shakers, N. Y., 1877 Friend Williams : I find, upon count ¦ ing your questions, there are twelve of them ; and while I am amused at some of them, I can but admit, too many really believe, as you observe, that the Shaker sexes never speak to one another, sleep in different houses, eat in different apartments, and incline to coolness and unkindness. In regard to such opinions, I have only to repeat once more, that the reverse of each is true ; and I will add, the contrary is exceedingly true, so far as ' coolness and unkindness' is expressed—-none could manifest warmer, genuine kindness than is exhibited by genuine brethren and sisters among the Shakers. That we enjoy separate sleeping apartments is true, and that we do not converse at our meals is also true ; and, for aught we know, Queen Victoria has patterned this wisdom of ours, commonly practiced at the royal table ! Concerning our number of meetings, etc., see letter above. All pairing or mating is not only discarded, but severely condemned and ever has been. Each brother, however, has appointed for his convenience some sister to look after his individual necessities, as knitting, mending, general supervision of his clothing; and this appointment demands of the brother any individual, gospel kindness she may at any time need at his hands. But the attempt is ever made, with considerable success, to urge into practice ' the love universal' from each to all. To your question, 'Are you all of one mind theologically?' we answer positively in the affirmative, as far as our fundamental principles are theological ; but further than these, we answer in the negative. There are those among us who have not progressed beyond the triune-God theory, and yet are living clean, self-denying Shaker lives ; others believe in fore-ordination, predestination; and a few who are not yet certain that Jesus was a Tew, conceived and born as other children ; that he was not a God-man, and did not considerably wipe out human sins by atonement! And minor opinions are legion among us ; and yet, on the points of virgin celibacy, common property, non-resistance, peace, and a Christ-government, with which there shall be no mingling of the state, we are, or must be, a unit. Concerning the accounts of spiritual manifestations among us, we have to say that, though largely withdrawn at present, we are not entirely without them. Considerable prominence has been given to spiritualism among the Shakers ; but so far as this has been used publicly by historians, and those unfit to be called such, those portions that could be presented in the most ridiculous manner, have been used in preference to those which more particularly represented our principles. Some have deemed our princi-. pies ' so well understood,' as to leave little else than a garbled mass of unspiritual spiritualism to be presented. The truth is, spiritualism has done greater works among the Shakers, given better evidences of its reality, illustrated in superior degree its most excellent features, than any account of it, given anywhere else, since its debut to the world at Rochester, N. Y., of which appearance we had definite information years before it occurred. The introduction of spiritualism, its more modern phases—'last manifestations,' as we term them—found us napping,' or quite unprepared for them ; in fact, we did not know what to do with them ; and, for a time, they governed us and our wisdom, and we THE SHAKER. 15 frankly admit all of this ; but we have to grind ' old nature ' considerably to ' love those who have so despitefully used us' as to present to the world these unwise features of spiritual phenomena as specimens of Shaker religion ! To your ninth will say that Shakerism inculcates industry, believing with Bunyan that ' an idle man's head is the devil's workshop,' and with Watts, ' Satan finds some mischief still;' and from our Bishops, Elders, Trustees, down to the least, some kind of industry is engaged in by each. Regarding the perpetuity of our institutions, this is a matter of small importance compared with the maintenance of our principles to, and before the world. Institutions are man-made; our principles are heaven-born ; and if we but maintain them intact while life is ours, our mission will be well-fulfilled, and we can trust their continuance in others to the Omniscient. To do our full duty, we have not forgotten the need of a missionary ; and we send out at our own expense thousands of copies of The Shaker, to the end that ' the gospel may be spread to the ends of the earth ;' and to properly quiet our consciences, that we are not ' hiding our lights under a bushel,' but are as that city set upon a hill,—for these The Shaker means to live. I have answered nearly all ot your questions. I would refer you to a little work nearly in press,—'Plain Talks,'—for further, fuller information. I am yours, 'ALBATROSS.'