Notes by the Way. No. 6 HENRY C. BLINN Nothing doubting, we see still. On for the kingdom ! Not through the labyrinth which has been so mystically laid out by the so-called spiritual engineers ; not through the fierce tempests, nor even through the flood ; for these forms whereby to obtain Christian grace are far more poetical than practical ; conditions which we are led to believe but a small percentage of those who enter the strait and narrow way are ever likely to experience. There are pilgrims, no doubt, who evidently enjoy all the excitement and perils and narrow escapes which these multiplied states may suggest, and perhaps would not be satisfied to reach the kingdom of God in any other way. They love the idea of being termed martyrs of the cross, and would rather walk in thorns, even if it did no especial good, than to bear the discipline of 10 THE SHAKER. the yoke, which is easy, and the burden, which is light. Sloughs of despond and giants of despair may possibly awaken an inspiration in some minds, and prove congenial, even, to their spiritual states. By such they may be considered preferable to the more methodical and unostentatious way to which Jesus made reference, 'If any man will come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me.' It can, by no means, be thought strange at the present day for one to ask, 'What shall I do to be saved?' for the lo here, and lo there, are heard on every hand. The would-be infallible guides are ever ready to direct the pilgrim through this fine-spun dogma, or through that traditional creed, with God, which are with us to-day, they may carry us beautifully through the divine influence of faith, without which we may fail to please God. Under this ministration of the spirit, the yoke becomes easy and the burden light. Those formidable barriers, which arose as giants or as lions, have, as phantoms, all passed away. The City of our God, the anticipated home of the pure in heart, is still before us, and there yet remains the necessity for a direct and close examination into the discipline that first turns our steps toward the ways of pleasantness and the paths of peace. No amount of faith, nor studied form of prayer, can ever take the place of clean hands and a pure heart, or even the manifestations of the common acts of civility. It would be as futile to attempt to establish a good moral character, the stepping-stone to a spiritual life, upon a basis of u cleanness, as it would for the foolish man to build his house upon the sand. There can be no law of association by which we can harmonize neatness with slatternly habits. They are the very antipodes of each other, and an unwashed Christian would be a reproach to the profession. Our pathway is now by the way of the cross, and in the spirit which this teaches we are bound for the kingdom. He that enters this heavenly highway, and seeks to save his (worldly) life, will as certainly lose his (heavenly or spiritual) life. In it the fashion of this world passes away, and a swift testimony against the lusts of the flesh and of the mind becomes the baptism of the holy spirit. No mystery obscures this pathway. The wayfaring man, of high or low degree, needs not err therein, but all may come to a knowledge of the truth, and be saved.