Shaker Village, Merr. Co., \ N. H., December 12, 1876 Our Brother Geo. A. Lomas : Having just received a copy of the Decemoer number of The Shaker, I propose to tell you my thoughts, with pen in hand, concerning the articles inserted, and hope you will not object. * First: 'Self Rule,' which occupies a prominent place on the first page, seems very necessary to be observed. On reading it carefully, I am almost persuaded that I can improve thereby. ' Would You t ' is another which I have read, and think it a good commencement of an 'unvarnished tale.' Should recommend it in an especial manner to novel readers, as an antidote for all active mental poisons; trusting that it might prove highly alterative in its effects on that class, if no other. Or, it may be considered as a sort of friction match, which, if but lightly drawn across tlie hard-pan of selfishness, may casually illuminate the dark abyss, and do much good eventually. I now turn to the ' Flying Visit,' and disover there that the writer strove hard to imitate the bee, and 'gather honey all the day, from every opening flower; ' although I perceive that when reporting Canterbury, he shows a little aberration of mind in his remarks upon that locality, and its belongings. And, besides, (to our astonishment!) he picked up a big rat, (that we thought was buried,) carried it away in his memory, and put it into The Shaker ! O, Albert, this was too bad I So all of the sisterhood say; and how you obtained even a side-glance at our infant Manual, is still a mystery to us. The poor little waif had not been in existence long enough to face the sunlight of publicity, nor the scrutiny of an editor. When we read it to the sisters, they exclaimed, almost in a breath, 'Where did he come across those penciled manuscripts? They were never intended for the public eye.' When my eye lighted upon it, and I realized how suddenly the Manual was unearthed, I thought of a little boy whom I once knew. who would plant a bean one day and dig it up the next to see if it had sprouted. Now, our Manual had hardly sprouted before it was transplanted—or the weakest portion of it— into the broad field of the world ! But as you overlooked a correspondence written for its columns, I propose to forward the same, asking you to insert it early enough to redeem the honor of the sisterhood, and cancel the rat.* But did you know that your rat made a big blot on the last page of The Shaker, and that you have given the whole world, as it were, a key to the moral and mental calibre of your Canterbury sisters? that is, if they are to judge the Manual by the items noticed, the most prominent of which is the obituary— which fact can never help to redeem a sinning world. We all say that you must repent before Christmas, if you ever hope to be forgiven; and 'Would You' be taken into our confidence again, you must promise, and keep all good promises intact. Accept, with this, a renewal of the gospel testimony, which you may publish, in our names, from Niskayuna to Japan. [We sincerely promise.—Ed.} * This correspondence was published in January number, as this letter was intended to be, bvit space did not permit. ' Do you suppose there is a man in Brooklyn who would have a photograph of his heart taken ? '—Moody. Love from the sisterhood. A. C. S.