Communistic Failures and their Cause We are numbered among those who sorrow that so many attempts at successful communism have failed. It ruly is a sad commentary upon the conditions of human nature, to observe iow many efforts to found communiies, phalanxes, families, homes, etc., lave been made, the majority of which lave come to a sorrowful, untimely end; and the facts of failure are the nore painful when we think how no}le, unselfish, truly philanthropic have :&gt;een the motives of their various founders ; how bright their mornings ; how effulgent with success their meridians ; tow beautiful many of their locations and surroundings ; how bountiful their physical means; how brilliant their financial prospects—nothing, apparenty, wanting to make an earthly paradise—and yet, how many have failed, and why? We answer, for the want of more, very much more, practical self-denial, to passional human selfishness. What an array of talent have many of these ventures embraced ! what a galaxy of influential minds has been prominent in their inaugurations! what a generous public in their rear, ready, through its hope for humanity, to loan or give its thousands, aye, millions if need required, to aid the approach of a millennium. Such thoughts urge us to speak out plainly, why the failures, why the squandering of immense appropriations, under banners which pi-omised such brilliant, unending successes. It is a fact that communism, or any successful attempt thereat, demands the predominance of the religious element —the 'one mind' of all its constituents. Where this has been ignored, speedy failure has inevitably followed, or plain evidences have been presented of that which must be short-lived ; and that which has often gone forth as ' an irresistible force,' has, ere long, met with ' an immovable object.' The captivating, scholarly writer of '¦'•American Socialisms' has chosen to speak of the Shaker Church thus : ' It is no more than bare justice to say that we are indebted to the Shakers, more than to any or all other social architects of modern times. Their success has been the 'specie basis' that has upheld all the paper theories, and counteracted the failures of the French and English schools. * * * But to do complete justice we must go a step further. While we say that the Rappites, Zoarites, Ebenezers, Owenites, and even the Fourierists, are all echoes of the Shakers, we must also say that the Shakers are but the Jar-ojf echoes of The Primitive Christian Church.' Admitting these premises to be cor rect, there can be no doubt that each attempt at any new, social, religious communistic organizations, attemptec since the Shaker Church was estab lished, have had in mind an improve ment, or a desired improvement, of it 3asic principles; retaining and mainlining all of its good, while relieving; he members of the new order of selflenials, hoped and considered to be non-essentials for the security of complete success. And the fact remains patent that mere communities do and may exist without the exercise of so* nuch cross—so great a degree of selfdenial as practiced by the ShakerChurch—it having more than mere community principles at stake. But if he perfection of religious life is aimed at, leaving the principles of the five oaves and two fishes out of the quesion, in no case can individuals be so protected, satisfied and justified before God—come so near the model of all Christian churches, the Primitive Chvisian Church, with any less self-denial han is required of Shaker commuaicants. If we scan, closely, existing coranunes, which have withstood the lapse and trials of a quarter century, we will igree that, excepting none, there has :&gt;een more self-denial in practice theren, than the general world has given credit for; and we vouch for the statenent that the more abnegations to selfsh desires practiced, the dearer, more spiritual their religious lives, and more certain their endurance as a community or Christ family. It is a well-known act that the Primitive Christian Church 'fell away'—failed—and why? We will see. But its character and principles still loom up to guide the thorough Christian in all future attempts. If we Merely are seeking the millennial attriDUtes of a bread-and-butter commune, we are striking too deeply in aiming to&gt; oe the reflex of that ever-brilliant house: of Pentecost. It aimed its blows more directly at human selfishness, than all the Mosaic statutes combined ; acknowledging, however, that a thoroughly good Jew was the best candidate for Christianity—was ' not far from the kingdom of heaven !' In the glory of the day when Pentecost ruled, ' they were together, and had all things in common ; no man had aught he called his own, but gave to every one as he had need.' They left the earthly, selfish conditions of fathers, mothers, husbands, wives, children, houses and lands; and giving their own lives to an accordance of Jesus* life, where did self-denials act most prominently ? They operated most keenly where all the communities, or attempts thereat, which have failed, have been unwilling to have them affect them personally ; and as the same causes produce the same effects alway, only as fully as we practice the self-denials of that church in its glory can we live in that glory. We refrain here from giving the details of that very self-denying organization, as it would sound very much like the principles of the Shaker Church ; but we state with a confidence which can brook no denial, that nothing but the want of a continued, progressive self-denial ever caused the ' falling away' of that early, model church ! THE SHAKER. 13 Look, now, at the multitudinous churches, each claiming the Pentecostal Church as its model, when not one in one thousand but has reversed its provisions, and are encouraging a selfishness to-day which that early church was organized to abolish ! Model, indeed ! Instead of presenting its superior relations of spiritual brotherhood to those of husband and wives ; instead of its exchanges for private, personal houses and lands ; instead of its fathers, mothers and children ; the vast majority of these churches are manufacturers of the grosser elements and institutions, which Christ came to resurrect men and women from ! And now, another attempt at commune organization is to be made in Virginia, upon a religious basis, having at its head experienced communists,— those who have known the results of success and failure, and the causes of each. Hear them, now, after nearly forty years' trial: ' Some of our correspondents are very much afraid that their liberties will be curtailed in the colony, and that somebody will want to dominate or criticise them too much. We think that the kind of people most likely to succeed in association will be those who are eager to show their humility— anxious to show their readiness to submit to lawful authority—i?tdeed, those who zvill say, ' Search me and, try my heart', and see if there be any any evil in we.' ' 'A large number of people seem possessed of an intense desire at present to enjoy the privileges of the unitary home. There is no royal road into this paradise. The entrance is through the straight and narrow wax called 'self-denial.' ' Here we have the truth ; and ' but few will find' this paradise, because o their unwillingness to practice the nee essary self-denials. Anon we look into the place of heaven in the future ; anc 'but few have found it,' from the same cause. The multitudes roam about in spirit-land, as the multitudes do here wishing, hoping, and determined to ge into heaven, without so much cross— so many self-denials! As ever the failure has been, so, in time and in the eternal world, will the failure proceec from the same cause—the refusal to practice genuine, Christian self-denials. We have loved to linger, not only with hope, but with positive, irrefutable evidences and knowledge, that the Shaker Church shall never know decay. Wre are confident of the same, with all confidence still. Yet it may be swept from the earth, 'and numbered among the things that were ; ' but this can on ly be when its constituents relinquish and abandon its self-denying injunc tions.