Elder Evans before a Peace Society [We clip the following good morsel from the local columns of a cotemporary. We are sorry we could not obtain the whole address. Elder F. W. E. is constantly doing such things as this.—Ed.] The elder wrent on to show the utility and great necessity of such organizations, to preserve the republican institutions of our land, as these were not founded by any sect. The government, he wished it to be understood, is not a Christian government, and can never be. The framers of our constitution and their ancestors had been so perse:uted by the so-called followers of Christ, that they refused to allow the name of God in the constitution ; and :ven Washington, in forming his treaty of Tripoli, distinctly stated that this is no more a Christian government than it is a Mohammedan. To the liberals of that day we owe more of our present civilization, to such men as Franklin, [while a lawless style of action makes ours simply a chance life. The need He then drew a complete history of the early church. The primitive followers of Christ were peace men, and refused to fight under any conditions up to the time of Constantine the Great, who became converted to Christianity, and at once established a new order. Then was formed under him a unity ot Christianity and Paganism ; wrar being introduced as one of the elements of the system of church and state Christianity. Out of war grows the monopoly of all the elements of human existence, beginning with the land. Under primitive Christianity the land and the products were common to all people ; no man saying of aught he had that it was his own. Under church and state Christianity, the monopoly of the land has been the stimulus to all wars. The first form of slavery is the prisoners of war. Poverty is one of the forms of human slavery. The American government was founded by rationalists, sceptics, infidels to the Constantine system of church and state theology. All those sects of religionists, whether protestants, catholics or Greeks, who hold to war as a means of monopolizing the elements of human existence, should worship Constantine, the head of their system, and not Jesus, the founder of present Christianity. Let us have peace by maintaining the American constitution, which makes a union of church and state an impossibility. Ours is a rights. The atheist, the deist, the pagan Chinee, Hindoo or Mohammedan have all equal rights with Christians— falsely so-called—under our grand republic. Closing the Centennial on the Sabbath day of these fighting Christians, which was first established by Constantine, not Jesus, was a war measure, and a first step toward the subversion of our constitution, aud a union of church and state.