Talks with the Children My dear Children : I call you all mine because, all men and women being mj brothers and sisters, you are mine to love and to do all the good to that I can. You are so young that, like wax, you form ideas anc habits as wax receives the figures of what is pressed upon it. Your language, habits, ges tures and general conduct are forming now to bless you, or to blight your happy days not very far oft' in future years. I want to save you much pain and trouble, and perhaps dishonor, by a word in season. Let your language be clean, kind and loving to one another, and respectful to father, mother and older friends. Every effort you wil make to these ends will pay you an early anc profitable interest, and you will never have to unlearn them. If you know of a boy o girl so bold or bad as to glory in nasty o unkind words and behavior, shun such a chile and glory, and resolve to be better than that The resolve alone will be worth more than many times the glory of the bad child. I you would be saved much trouble in your schooldays, learn to speak and write correct \y—according to grammar—of those whom you know speak most properly. Otherwise much of your schooltime will be spent in unlearning that which you never shoulc have learned. A child that never hears any conversation excepting that which is prop erly spoken, never needs to study grammar unless to become a teacher. It is a beautifu ornament, my dear children, to be prettilj and purely spoken ; and do you think of thi after reading it, and begin now to be so, i you have not been so before. Shun evil hab its : ail those homely, nasty, wicked ways which you would hide from your fathers o mothers because of shame. Just think that God sees you every time, and you cannot lelp it; and should you not be more ashamed ;o do wrong in secret, what God and good pirits always see you do, than if only your parents should see you? You have many sx&gt;od thoughts—try and have these all the ime; for if you are good you will be worth more than gold in this world, and what an lonor to your parents and friends you will :&gt;e ! Dear children, my pen could write you ome of the glories of the clean, godly child; &gt;ut if it should write for years it would then only have written a part of what might be said, of you even, if you are free from sinful, unclean habits! Make your parents, friends and yourselves happier, never doing ivhat you -would be ashamed to do before your nother or friends. Learn to be genteel: By his I mean, use good manners—those that are agreeable to good, respectable people everywhere: at church, school, at the table. T.ake off your hat when you enter company, :&gt;eing sure to open and close the doors softly. Speak mildly: ask your friends ' to be kind enough ' to give you this or that, or to do vhat you wish of them; and then recall your Jncle Henry's counsel in December number, o return a ' kindly thank you!' You are young, as I was once; noisy, full of life, plenty to spare of both noise and life, just ike me of old. I am so glad I have not forgotten that I was once young, just like you. And I feel sorry for your older friends who lave forgotten that they were once young. There is that noise in all young people which really seems must come out, and the ony fault about it is, the noise comes out too often in the wrong place. I would often take you where you could let all the noise out which you had in you, and where no one would be disturbed therebj'; then I think you would be quiet in proper places. Love to hear good words ; love to leai n and sing good songs; love to go to Sunday-school, and to day-school, too. Who ever knew a good Sunday-school child to become a bad man or woman? I do not know of any one. I do know that of a hundred wicked men and women who were sent thousands of miles away from their native land — away from home and friends—to work for years in prison, not more than twenty could read or write, and these not well; and only five had ever been to Sabbath-school! and if you will look this paper over you will see that in France all of its murderers were very bad schoo children, who loved mischief rather than good books. And now, dear children, I have much to say to you; but must leave it foi other letters, as this is getting long. Bu before I close, I want you should try and fee how well I love you, that I am living for you and working for your good only. It is be cause you are loved by so many—loved by Goc and good spirits, and by so many friends on earth- -'/** because of this love that you should try very hard to be very good. In heaven, in the new Jerusalam, I expect to romp in happy glee with you all; for does not the prophet Zechariah give us one of the most joyful prospects of heaven when he tells us about the boys and girls who will be there, and what they will be doing? Ask your friends to read it to you in Zech. 8 : 5 Be good, and remember. Geo. Albert