Domestic Economy SARAH A. NEAL Nothing is more essential to the general prosperity and thrifty growth of a family or society of families than economy in all things. And it is quite astonishing sometimes to see how much do towards making life home convenient andeconomy will comfortable,happy, where the hand of plenty has not furnished an abundance. But to be economical is to be systematical. It is quite impossible to practice economy, Paine, Jefferson, and others. ul requisites to promote economy are order and good calculation ; but where order is the rule, it becomes an easy natter to arrange labor so as to save not only material, but time and strength also. Many labor-saying inventions lave been put into operation, but few •naterial-saving inventions have as yet greeted us; this still remains the labor of the economical calculator, and certain it is, the individual whose motto is 'keep order,' whose duties are governed by a system, yet unaided by any mechanical invention, will save more material, 'have equally as much time and strength, keep better health, and express a better disposition, than one who has many mechanical inventions, but no order nor system ; who meets all labor as it may chance to come, and disposes of the same as quickly and carelessly as possible. Such disarrangement causes the conflicting elements between time and labor, that so seriously annoy people. Our sympathies are really agitated sometimes when we hear complainings of the much there is to do, and the little time there is to do it in, when a proper arrangement of duties, writh a little economy of time, would do away with much complaining, and give us ample time in which to perform our necessary labors, and allow us a surplus for rest or recuperative exercise. Some people think by crowding two days' work into one, that they save time ; but this cannot be done without sustaining a loss of something equally as valuable ; for the physiological system must necessarily be overtaxed to accomplish this purpose, and loss oi strength and vitality perhaps, the day following, with much of the cheerfulness that surrounds living economically, are the consequences. So, little, if anything, is saved other than a fretful disposition ; and right here the old adage comes in to declare the truth, that ' haste makes waste.' Not so in creation. No conflicting elements are seen to be the outgrowth of divine calculations. All nature vibrates to one harmonious strain of preserving economy. So should our live; be governed by order, and disciplinec in economy, as to become attuned to the melodious chord that permeates the divine kingdom. Let us ever remember that economy in all things, at all times, in all ways and in all places, is the sure index that will direct us in the road to prosperity and plenty. Shakers, N. Y.