STOCK AND FARM Drying-off Cows Cows cannot be dried of their milk at once, and some cows continue to secrete milk in small quantities for a long time. But in all cases where the animal has ceased to give milk, or is what is termed ' dry,' she should have her udder examined from time to time, and the teats tried, to see if any milk can be drawn. At first the trial should be made at intervals of two or three days, and if there is a particle of milk in the bag it should be all thoroughly drawn. Then the trial may be made at longer intervals. When cows are supposed to be completely dry, the rule should be to go through lie herd every week, making trial of the teats to see if any milk can be drawn. And this work cannot safely be intrusted to 'hired help,' but must be performed under the ' eye of the master.' Many persons are not aware of the importance of drying cows, and hired help often think it a piece of folly to try to draw milk from a dry cow. Many have lost the use of valuable cows by intrusting this to persons in their employ, and there is scarcely a dairyman in New York who cannot trace trouble in his herd to either his own neglect or that of others. Indeed, so large is the loss every year from improperly drying cows, that there is scarcely a subject connected with dairy management of more vital importance than this. We urge it, therefore, upon the attention of dairymen, and we say to them : Be sure that the work is done properly—trust no eye but your own, and when your herd comes in milk next spring you will realize the value of this advice. Sex of Eggs A correspondent of The Sotithcrn Farmer tells how an old poultryraiser distinguishes sex in eggs. It is related as follows : ' ' Eggs with the air bladder on he sides will produce pullets.' The old man was so certain of the truth of his dogma, and he poultry-yard so far confirmed it, that I determined to make experiments upon it this year. I have done so, carefully registering every 'bladder verticle' or bladder on one side, rejecting every one in which it was not decidedly one way or the other, as in some it was only slightly out of the center. The following is the result: 58 chickens hatched ; 3 are dead ; 11 too young yet to decide upon their sex; of the remaining 44 every one has turned out true to the old man's theory. I tried it myself and found it to be correct, and I think it to be of great practical advantage. I am pleased to give it my full indorsement, though I would remark that other writers make the statement that they tried it and found no such results. I am breeding white leghorns, which seem naturally to give more cockerels than pullets ; at least such has been the case until last year, when I set only such eggs as had the air bladder on one side, anc in nearly every case they were pullets. Late in the season I set a lot of hens with the eggs just as they were laid, and more than half the chicks turned out cockerels.' Kind Treatment Pays X. A. Willard in his new 'Butter Book,'' says: 'It is really astonishing what a large difference in the yield of milk it makes by attending properly to a number of small things in the man agement of stock—and things which to many would seem quite too insignificant to be worth observing. The dairyman should have a genuine, a hearty love for the animals un der his control, providing wholesome, nutri tious food, pure water and pure air—every thing of this kind in abundance; keeping the animals properly sheltered from storms feeding always with great regularity; paying the most marked attention to the manner anc time of milking, withal, preserving uniform kindness and gentleness of treatment throughout every operation—a gentleness extendec even to the tones of the voice. Generally speaking, the cow will do her best that is loved the best and petted the most in hei charge. If you wish a cow to do her best, you must cultivate her acquaintance intimately, and be unsparing in little acts of kindness.' How to Manage and Feed Working Oxen In managing working oxen let the law of kindness be strictly obeyed. Never use the whip except from necessity. When I about to strike the awkward young steer or full-grown ox, ask yourself, ' Will he know what I am striking him for? ' Let each ox have a name, and be sure he knows it. Never speak a word to an ox without meaning; lave a particular word to start the team with, hat all may pull together. Never hurry the :eam while riding behind them, lest they earn to pull apart. Oxen should be shod with a broad shoe to travel on hard roads; :he shoe on the fore foot should be set back at the heel nearly half an inch further than ;he hoof bears upon it. Oxen are frequently amed by short shoes. The best feed for oxen at hard work is to give to each two quarts of meal, wet, mixed with good chopped hay, three times a day, and as much hay as he will eat. Wood Ashes for Fowls Injurious A correspondent of The Massachusetts Ploughman says : ' It is often specified in this recommendation that coal ashes should be applied, but I have lately seen in some of the papers the advice given to supply wood ashes for the poultry to shuffle in. I would caution all against following this advice. Wood ashes are so rich in potash that their effect on fowls' feet is exceedingly injurious. I have seen poultry with bad sores and blisters on their feet from this cause, and in one or two cases have seen birds badly lamed. Coal ashes are excellent, but wood ashes should never be furnished for the purpose above named.' How to Feed Poultry The Massachusetts Ploughman says : ' Don't feed poultry corn; for laying hns it is worse than valueless ; there is so much fattening material in its composition and so little of the albuminous, that eggs cannot be manufactured from it. For their breakfast a dry dough of shorts is sufficient; if you have some skim-milk to mix with it, all the better. A good supply of oats and barley should be kept in the feeding-box through the day, and at night a feed of whole wheat should be given them. Corn should be fed only in the cold weather, and then sparingly and for the last meal of the day.'