LIFE THOUGHTS Every human spirit bears the impress... Every human spirit bears the impress within itself of every thought, feeling, emotion, word, and action of life. If calumny assails you, don't turn moody and misanthropic... If calumny assails you, don't turn moody and misanthropic. Bide your time. Disprove the slander if you can ; if not, live it down. Truth is a good thing, but it is very unpopular... Truth is a good thing, but it is very unpopular; and as to the naked truth, it is absolutely shocking. The majority of people will not look at it twice. A key to Heaven People make a great mistake about Heaven. They think it begins up yonder, but it really begins down here. If you can be happy in the basement story, you are fitted to enjoy the happiness of the upper stories. But if you whine and moan here, Heaven itself can't change your mood. N. Y. Herald. A Turk once took a piece of white cloth to a dyer to have it dyed black... A Turk once took a piece of white cloth to a dyer to have it dyed black. He was so pleased with the result, that after a time he went to him with a piece of black cloth, and asked to have it made white. But the dyer answered : 'A piece of white cloth is like a man's reputation ; it can be dyed black, but you cannot make it white again.' What distinguishes a man as superior to his fellows, is greater... What distinguishes a man as superior perior to his fellows, is greater goodness, stronger and clearer intellect, so that he speaks and acts according to the dictates of reason, not under the impulse of passion and prejudice ; in fine, does not fly into a rage when anybody disagrees with him. N. Y. Sun. Of the thirty-one persons condemned to death in France in 1875... Of the thirty-one persons condemned to death in France in 1875, but one had received a good school education, only four could write, and the remaining twenty-six were illiterate. President White, of Cornell University, admits that the lady pupils average ten per cent, better on... President White, of Cornell University, admits that the lady pupils average ten per cent, better on the examination papers than the young men.