Father Job Bishop's Opinions of Shaker Elders It has been asserted by our enemies, and maintained with great confidence, that the Elders are very tyrannical in their government; that the members are held in bondage, and live in a state of abject slavery, both of body and of mind. These charges, it would seem, might be known to be false at first view, as such conduct would inevitably subvert and destroy those principles of peace and harmony which are among the fundamental doctrines of the society. It is certain the society could not possibly maintain its existence if any such conduct should be allowed in it. If any elder or leader should usurp any authority over his brethren or sisters, beyond what the spirit of Christ permits, and the testimony of the gospel teaches, he would thereby dishonor his calling and forfeit his place. And if the conduct of an elder or leader of any family or order, should be found subversive of peace and harmony in any manner whatever, he would inevitably be removed and his place supplied by another. Because no one is considered as fit to teach or lead in a society or institution, where the spirit of peace and harmony is a most essential requirement, unless his principles and practice are strictly conformable thereto. Not even a single family in the society could be kept together without a spirit of mutual union and harmony. How then, could a whole society, constituted as ours is, and built up with the united talents and interests of the whole, be supported and maintained without union and harmony ? It is a truth, that if an individual member should renounce the principles of peace and harmony, or any other known and established principles of this society, he must of course renounce the society which is founded on these principles. Strife and contention, tyranny and oppressive bondage and slavery, lewdness and intemperance, dishonesty and fraud, hypocrisy and deceit, are all in direct opposition to the fundamental principles of the society. And no person, let his lot or calling in the society be what it may, can long continue his union and con nection therewith, while he continues in the practice of any of these things. It must readily be acknowledged that no institution to prevent any of the above mentioned crimes could be successfully established, and prosper under the protection of persons who were themselves guilty of those very crimes. Much less could an institution or society to prevent such crimes, prosper for this bland assurance, the reward of eternal life. If we study the scriptures, or the revelations of THE SHAKER. 11 many years under the care and government of leaders, who are themselves guilty of living in the abominations which it was the object of the institution to prevent. It would be impossible for them either to conceal their own, or to preserve the morals of the society for any length of time. We are told that there have been instances in which some who have been elders or leaders have deserted, and therefore there can be no certainty that all will not finally do so, and the whole society fail, and come to an end. But it ought to be remembered, that the fall of Judas did not overthrow the foundation of the Church, which Jesus planted in that day. Judas was one of the twelve apostles, chosen by Jesus himself, and it is well known, what was the cause of his fall, and that similar causes will produce similar effects in this day. Those who reject the spirit of righteousness, which is the support and protection of the soul, and the foundation of the Church, are exposed to the temptations of the spirit of wickedness, and are liable to fall under the power of evil. But the fall of any one or more, from any lot or station is no discouragement to a faithful soul, because it is well known that those who fall do so through unfaithfulness. And the same may possess the faith of the gospel without possessing its real substance and may hang on for a long time, like dry branches on a green tree, yet none but the truly faithful will endure to the end. Those who are entrusted with the greatest care, whether in things spiritual or temporal, are under the greatest responsibility to be faithful in the discharge of their duty. And the elders and leaders of whatever order, are required to be examples of faithfulness in all things, to all who are under their care. And no one is considered as capable of standing in the place of an elder or leader, unless he is able to teach and lead by example, as well as by precept. Hence uprightness of conduct in all things, is essentially necessary in a leader. The virtues of honesty and sincerity, patience and humiliation, meekness and charity, are essential qualifications in an elder or leader of this society. And those who do not ¦possess these virtues themselves, are not considered as qualified to teach them to othets. Hence true godliness is invariably preferred before great talents ; for the most effectual teacher, is he who teaches by example as realty as by precept. A faithful elder is a faithful servant to those over whom he is placed ; and such a one will not fail to gain the love and respect of every faithful soul under his care. The greatest elders are not only the greatest servants, but are the most highly esteemed by the faithful, '•'•for their work's sake.'' I have had a fair opportunity to observe the pi'ogress of the society from its first establishment; and I have seen with great satisfaction, that the principles which were first taught by Mother Ann Lee, have been faithfully maintained from the beginning. And though 1 have seen many fall, and turn again to the beggarly elements, and pursue those very practices which the tongue of slander has charged against these people, yet the society has never been robbed of a single virtue thereby. Those who have kept their rectitude, and improved their talents have stood 'aithful, and found an increase in every virtue. But the slothful and unfaithful, lave buried their talents in the earth, and gained nothing. They have lost their day, by turning to pursue the vain pleasures of this world. But the truth prevails, and the foundation of the Jhurch remains unshaken—the revelation of God on which it is built is sure and steadfast, and never can fail. [We find in The Millennial Church, some beautiful allusions to the above Job Bishop ; of his affectionate interviews and affecting farewells with Mother Ann Lee. He wiis, soon after her decease, appointed to the care of the eastern Shaker churches ; was esteemed almost akin to worship by their memDers, as the best of Fathers, and is now referred to by the hundreds there who never saw him, with a reverence which, to our mind, has been bestowed by them on only one man besides.—Ed.] Job Bishop