What Shall I Do to be a Shaker? No. 2. BY 'ALBATROSS.' Before this question can be candidly answered, the individual asking it should answer Why do you wish to become a Shaker? Shakerism, pleading for itself, is the harvest of souls— from the earthly, on the earth, to the life lived in the heavens—thus forming as far as possible a heaven in advance, ' heaven on earth.' Arriving at a conscientious conclusion, very many will answer, 'Hard Times ;' ' 111 success in life ;' ' Social troubles;' '111 health;' 'Want of work, victuals and clothes.' Summing up, all of these mean, ' unable to earn a temporal livelihood!' And such answers are noble when given honestly, than to have such the facts, while giving answers that mean: '•'¦We are soul-sick of the world, evejt in its best prospects.' Those who are not truly, so sick of sin, and a worldly life, that they would as soon turn to Shakerism from the palace, as from the poor-house, are not the proper candidates for this gospel work. And however many gain admittance, either through childhood or through chicanery, and do not gain that loathing for a sinful, fleshly life, and aspirations from the corroding, corrupting practices of selfishness through wealth or power, are ever poor tools or building materials for the household of our faith ! Therefore, we say to those who axe. not thoroughly sin-sick, do not apply for admittance. Many of the above think they could benefit the institution by their talents and their labors, some saying they will be able to pay their way, etc. If people cannot earn a livelihood outside of Shaker communism, they do so no more. This construction of the cannot inside ; and if they should ' pay character of the Covenanting, departures their way,' it must be seen, that more 14: THE SHAKER. than this is necessary, else how could our institutions be sustained and improved? Do not do it—only sorrows of soul will be the consequences. But to those who are sick unto death, of a sordid, sensual, selfish society; who would turn in all humility to the a b c of a new life; who would become ' new creatures ;' who have so risen in the love of Jesus' life, that they turn from their own old life, as from vomit, never to return, like dogs, thereunto ; those who would wash in the life blood of Jesus Christ, from all their former sins and sorrows; those unto whom sensual pleasures, worldly vanities, honors of men, earthly power and applause, are as disgusting as once they were courted and agreeable—these are the candidates for genuine Shakerhood. To every such soul, we open arms of greetings and hearts of welcome ; we acknowledge that we love you dearly, want your company, need your assistance in sustaining the glorious cause on earth. ' Is there joy in heaven over one such soul ?' and well there may be ! Is it strange to any one, upon reading the above requisitions, that Shakerism is unpopular, or that ' only a few find it' to be sufficiently agreeable to endure its ' threshing and winnowing?' Truly it is a harvest of souls, from sinful words and ways. It admits, invites the poor penitent to share with its fellows the separation of their worldly tares from their spiritual wheat. This is done by an honest confession, and forsaking of .sins—to the servants who should ' first gather the tares and burn them ;' then should gather the wheat into a Shaker institution, to be used as food, light, warmth, and sustenance thereof. And in asking this much of those desirous of being Shakers, please observe, it is requiring no more than what Jesus asked of his disciples—demanded of them if such they would be —and the continued purity of life lived by all good Shakers, had, and still has its eternal pattern in Jesus, the Christ. It is easier to be a Roman, a Methodist, Presbyterian, Baptist, Spiritualist, etc., etc., than to be a Shaker; each costs less—more of the earth is conserved therein, and less of the heavenly life is demanded. It costs all that a man hath to be a Shaker ; but it returns to him more than he will ever gain without it. Inasmuch as any denominational persuasion leads from the world and its constituents, just so far is it Shakerism. Now, dear friends, what do you wish? A mere anodyne to quiet your guilty consciences? or do you sincerely desire a fire, that will try you as gold is tried until so pure that your Master's countenance may be seen in your face ; and your life reflect his daily walk and conversation ? If the first, join some of the respectable churches we have named, for they will do you much good. But, if the latter, make yourself familiar with some of the corresponding agents of the Shakers, and may the Lord and his angels help you alway.