CORRESPONDENCE Shaker Village, Merr. Co., \ N. H., December 12, 1876 Our Brother Geo. A. Lomas : Having just received a copy of the Decemoer number of The Shaker, I propose to tell you my thoughts, with pen in hand, concerning the articles inserted, and hope you will not object. * First: 'Self Rule,' which occupies a prominent place on the first page, seems very necessary to be observed. On reading it carefully, I am almost persuaded that I can improve thereby. ' Would You t ' is another which I have read, and think it a good commencement of an 'unvarnished tale.' Should recommend it in an especial manner to novel readers, as an antidote for all active mental poisons; trusting that it might prove highly alterative in its effects on that class, if no other. Or, it may be considered as a sort of friction match, which, if but lightly drawn across tlie hard-pan of selfishness, may casually illuminate the dark abyss, and do much good eventually. I now turn to the ' Flying Visit,' and disover there that the writer strove hard to imitate the bee, and 'gather honey all the day, from every opening flower; ' although I perceive that when reporting Canterbury, he shows a little aberration of mind in his remarks upon that locality, and its belongings. And, besides, (to our astonishment!) he picked up a big rat, (that we thought was buried,) carried it away in his memory, and put it into The Shaker ! O, Albert, this was too bad I So all of the sisterhood say; and how you obtained even a side-glance at our infant Manual, is still a mystery to us. The poor little waif had not been in existence long enough to face the sunlight of publicity, nor the scrutiny of an editor. When we read it to the sisters, they exclaimed, almost in a breath, 'Where did he come across those penciled manuscripts? They were never intended for the public eye.' When my eye lighted upon it, and I realized how suddenly the Manual was unearthed, I thought of a little boy whom I once knew. who would plant a bean one day and dig it up the next to see if it had sprouted. Now, our Manual had hardly sprouted before it was transplanted—or the weakest portion of it— into the broad field of the world ! But as you overlooked a correspondence written for its columns, I propose to forward the same, asking you to insert it early enough to redeem the honor of the sisterhood, and cancel the rat.* But did you know that your rat made a big blot on the last page of The Shaker, and that you have given the whole world, as it were, a key to the moral and mental calibre of your Canterbury sisters? that is, if they are to judge the Manual by the items noticed, the most prominent of which is the obituary— which fact can never help to redeem a sinning world. We all say that you must repent before Christmas, if you ever hope to be forgiven; and 'Would You' be taken into our confidence again, you must promise, and keep all good promises intact. Accept, with this, a renewal of the gospel testimony, which you may publish, in our names, from Niskayuna to Japan. [We sincerely promise.—Ed.} * This correspondence was published in January number, as this letter was intended to be, bvit space did not permit. ' Do you suppose there is a man in Brooklyn who would have a photograph of his heart taken ? '—Moody. Love from the sisterhood. A. C. S. Ayer, Mass., Nov. 22, 1876 Beloved sisters A. and E. : I have concluded to write a few lines to you collectively. The kind communication to me of the 12th inst. is received. As ii may be doubtful about my ever attempting to write to you again, I shall try to cancel the obligations on my part as well as I can. ?rom both of you I have received bjAvriting, many kind communications, also one from J. For all words of remembrance to me, or in nehalf of the gospel cause from those who are older than you I tender my thanks, as I do in an especial manner to my three correspondents. Of the future we can know but very little in regard to ourselves and still less can we know of the order in which believers are engaged. Whatever that may be :hose now on the stage of action will evidently find their hands and hearts rilled with labor, and this accompanied with sufferings and tribulation. We hope that all they may have to pass through will serve to prepare them for the jfinal enjoyment of their long and better home. I like very much the spirit of love and blessing which is breathed through our little paper, The Shaker. It is what all believers should labor to possess and be able to administer as a true test of their goodness. Those engaged in this work find much to do to conquer that spirit Avhich is opposed to their best good. Plow beautiful, and how noble and honorable it is in any one, who will take an elevated stand above the influences of a depraved nature, and there steadfastly remain. How much a person is to be respected and admired, who through the hurry and bustle of the affairs of this life, possesses a calm, :oving and quiet spirit, and strives to make all happy and joyful. In this progressive work we must keep in possession the best of all gifts, which is charity for each other. This is the fruit of the spiritual element, which we should seek first, and the temporal will naturally bear us company. Hold, my young friends, to that which is innocent and useful. It may serve to keep your minds from that which would lead you into the broad way. Please remember me according to promise, as far as is consistent. May much blessing and strength be yours through the journey of life. Accept love from all the Elders, brethren and sisters. Your brother, Thomas Hammond