Praying for what we don't expect. I happened once to be staying with a gentleman—a long way from here—a very religious kind of a man he was; and in the morning he began the day with a long family prayer that he might be kept from sin, and might have a Christ-like spirit, and the mind that was also in Christ Jesus ;.and that we might have the love of God shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost given unto us. A beautiful prayer it was, and I thought, what a good kind of a man you must be. But about an hour after I happened to be coming along the farm, and I heard him hallooing and scolding and going on finding fault with everybody and everything. And when I came into the house with him he began again. Nothing was right, and he was so impatient and so quick tempered. ' 'Tis very provoking to be annoyed in this way, Daniel. I don't know what servants in these times be good for but to worry and vex one, with their idle, slovenly ways.' I didn't say anything for a minute or two. And then I says, 'You must be very much disappointed, sir.' ' How so, Daniel? Disappointed?' ' I thought you were expecting to receive a very valuable present this morning, sir, and I see it hasn't come.' ' Present, Daniel?'—and he scratched his head, as much as to say, ' Whatever can the man be talking about? ' ' I certainly heard you speaking of it, sir,' I says quite coolly. Heard me speak of a valuable present. Why, Daniel, you must be dreaming. I've never thought of such a thing.' ' Perhaps not, sir, but you've talked about it; and I hoped it would come whilst I was here, for I should dearly love to see it.' He was getting angry with me now, so I thought I would explain. ' You know, sir, this morning you prayed for a Christ-like spirit, and the mind that was in Jesus, and the love of God shed abroad in your heart.' ' Oh, that's what you mean, is it!'j and he spoke as if that weren't anything at all. ' Now sir, wouldn't you be rather I surprised if your prayer was to be answered? If you were to feel a nice, | gentle, loving kind of spirit coming (down upon you, all patient and forgiviing and kind ? Why sir, wouldn't you !come to be quite frightened like; and ^ you'd come in and sit down all in a faint, and reckon as you must be agoing to die, because you felt so heavenly minded ? ' ' He didn't like it very much,' said Daniel, ' but I delivered my testimony, and learnt a lesson for myself, too. You're right, Captain Joe, you're right. We should stare very often if the Lord was to answer our prayer.'—From 'Daniel Quorm and his Religious Notions.'