What Shall I Do to be a Shaker? No. 3 CHAUNCY DIBBLE A true Shaker is simply a good Christian—pure, loving and virtuous; one who endeavors to adopt all the Christian virtues and practice them. Christ's Sermon on the Mount teaches all the principles of Shakerism. Whoever lives to these precepts faithfully, is fulfilling the object of Shaker life, whether they are aware of it or not. Name is nothing; neither is form nor theology. The essence of Christianity is love to God and love to our fellows. A community formed upon this basis, whether few or many, cannot be dissimilar to a Shaker community. The love of Christ produces equality and goodness ; unites all in one, as brethren and sisters. 'Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth, as it is in heaven.' Peace, purity, and every good virtue, is to reign in this order. These conditions are usually anticipated as coming down from above, ready-made. We, as Shakers, are working for attainment to this desirable state of society. Are you prepared to enter into this heavenly condition ? To devote soul and body to living out these principles which produce 'peace on earth and good will to men?' Do you ask what it is to be Shaker ? Ask yourself what it is to be a Christian, such as Jesus was, such as his apostles were, and all true Christian are. When you practice the same life they did, you will be a Shaker. Come and lay your goods at the disciples' feet, showing your deeds. Having consecrated all for this bond oi union, our hands must work to maintain it. Labor forms a part of our religion. No idle drone can bless a community. Selfishness is the bane of society, and all evil habits which clamor for indulgence must be withstood. Mighty conflicts between flesh and spirit must ensue. These constitute the Shaker warfare, and the test of true bravery. They that humble self shall be exalted. Herein is the mystery of godliness, to dwell in harmony and do to others as we would be done unto. Think not such a life is monotonous, monkish or unsocial. The tenderest affections and most social intercourse are the results of purity and self-control. Do you imagine that love consists in the Just the reverse. These breed disgust. You have been wrongly educated. Would you be inspired with a love that abhors an unworthy act? Does your soul aspire to freedom from lust and remorse ? Seek the society of those that believe in having all things common ; whose foundation is righteousness. Friends, be no longer in doubt. The design of Shakerism is the salvation and elevation of its subjects. But, come not for the loaves and fishes, nor ease, nor indulgence. If so, you have naught to meet but disappointment. False pretense will fail. 'Tis the clean cross-bearer against every vice, whose life is devoted to the cause of virtue, and to the good of each other, that enjoys peace and prosperity in this our circle.