Vicarious Atonement The righteousness which God imputes to those whom He justifies, is the righteousness that springs from the spotless obedience and the sacrificial death of the Lord Jesus Christ. And this righteousness is a perfect righteousness, and an everlasting righteousness, and a righteousness intrinsically of infinite value. Perfect—for it needs no supplement, as indeed it can receive none. It is admitted in the court of heaven's jurisprudence as a full acquittal against all charges which, from any and every quarter, may be brought against the man to whom it is imputed. It cancels the guilt of all sin, fulfills all the requirements of law, satisfies all the claims of justice, upholds the integrity of moral government, and makes it not less honorable to the majesty of God's holiness, than to the riches of His mercy, to restore the transgressor to His friendship. Everlasting—for it shall never be superseded, and never exhausted. It will never become obsolete, but be always new, and constitute the title-deed to the saint's inheritance, as long as the inheritance itself shall last. And it is intrinsically of infinite value—for it is the righteousness not of a man, nor of any creature, however exalted, but of the Eternal Son of God. Dr. Steane Here is the doctrine of ' Imputed Righteousness ' clearly stated in small compass. We find it in the Christian Intelligencer^ the organ of the Dutch Reformed Church. How intelligent men can believe such a doctrine as this, it is difficult to conceive. How the obedience, or the moral excellence of one person can be accepted as the excellence of another person, who does not possess any, and be transferred to his account, we cannot understand. How an impure man or woman can be regarded as pure because some one else is pure, is contrary to all known laws of intellectual and moral action. It would be considered monstrous in human society. The state could never regard a murderer as innocent because the hands of some of his friends were not stained with blood. No parent could think the guilt of a child was canceled because another one was willing to suffer for him. Character cannot be transferred. It is impossible in the very nature of things. It is the result of individual action and life. It is as impossible as it would be for a vine to impute grapes to the dead stake which supports it. It is a violation of all laws human and divine. It is hardly possi ble to conceive how the divine charac ter could be presented in a light more directly the reverse of all that is wise and just and good. But our readers can judge for themselves. N. J. Messenger OUR COMMENTS. We find, in the latter of these articles, some excellent truths, as opposed to the eri'ors of many ' who believe a lie '—lies. As The Shaker expects every man and woman to do his .and her own duty, and believes there comes a day when all will be rewarded according as their works have been, it thinks it not a safe, sound nor rational position to abide in, to leave our work for Jesus, or any man or woman to do for us. Jesus is our good example; let us follow it. Jesus died for us—died unto sin and in defence of principles that will save us from sin if we adopt them—and yet he more truly lived for us, by showing us how to live them ; he lived what he taught, and said 'follow me.' We agree with the Methodistic rhyme, which, while popular as a hymn, is a lasting rebuke to Methodist theology : 'Must Jesus bear the cross alone, and all the world go free ? Nay, therms a cross for every one, and there's a cross for me.'