The Lord's Sabbath ELDER F. W. EVANS What is it? ' God did rest, the Sabbath-day, from all his works, and was refreshed.' ''How did he rest? Was he tired? ' He that is entered into his rest, he also hath ceased from his own works, as God did from his. ' How did God cease from his working?' If Jesus had given them rest, he would not afterwards have spoken of another day, another Sabbath. ''There remaineth, therefore, a rest, or Sabbath, for the people of God,' yet to come. Jesus gave to his followers no Sabbath-day. When himself and disciples broke the Jewish Sabbath, Jesus justified it. We do good on the Sabbath, and so will ye also, when it suits your selfish convenience. 'The Sabbath was made for man, not man for the Sabbath.' 'Jesus was Lord of the [true] Sabbath.' The centennial commissioners admitted thousands, each Sabbath-day. They excluded the masses, to whom the exposition belonged, and who had as good a right as the commissioners to be their own judges of what comported with their own welfare. It was a national affair, a world's fair. As this nation is composed of all theological sectarians on earth, each day is a Sabbath, held sacred by some of its people. The American government is not more Christian than Hindoo, and has no constitutional right to teach, nor enforce, any form of theology, nor to appoint a theological Sabbath. It was insulting the people of the whole world to invite them to a world's exhibition, and then compel them, at great expense, to lose one day in seven, observing a Sabbath not their own, and then have to keep their own Sabbath, or be irreligious. As a people, an order, our existence is assured only so long as the government remains unsectarian, —¦ separate from all theology, just as Jefferson anc Paine created and left it, — a civil gov ernment. The Shaker church, or dispensation, is the ' Sabbath of the Lord, the Sabbath of Jesus.' It includes the shorttime Sabbaths of the Jews, one day in seven, one month in seven, one year hi seven ; and then the jubilee, typical of the dispensation, wherein there should be no poverty, the land and the labor being in common. At the jubilee of jubilees, or Sabbath of Sabbaths, the land returned to its proper owners, the people, men, women and children. A general bankrupt law released all debtors, and slaves were made land-owners. The radical principle revealed by Jehovah, that land was no more property than sea, air or sunshine, was operative in the short-time Sabbaths. Shakerism is lord of the short-time Sabbaths,— swallows them up. It is a long-time perpetual Sabbath, a day of rest from selfish property and its concomitan curses. The truth, the good, the bless ing of gospel brotherhood and sister hood, ultimated in Pentecostal love, thaw of life, the Pentecostal church, ^his was the child-man which the ragon,—Rome, the first beast, coming p out of the sea, — destroyed from arth. The murderous emperor, Contantine, set up in its stead an antihristian kingdom, likened to a bear, ion and leopard. It was a church-andtate system of rights, ceremonies, dogmas, creeds, and a .Sunday, with other lays of saints and martyrs innumerable, as now observed by Catholics,— marriage, war, land-monopoly, religious persecution, the inquisition, and the misery to the poor, consequent upon the abrogation of even the shorttime Sabbaths that, under the law, did provide for a day, a month, a year, and then during the jubilee all the substantial necessaries and comforts of life, by universal labor, universal possession and enjoyment of the earth, for a time leaving the 'all things common' of the Pentecostal church entirely out of sight of the poor, as being utterly impracticable on earth. The second beast,—protestantism,— came up out of the earth, copying all he evils of the first beast, and omiting nearly all the good of the shorttime Sabbaths of the Jews, and many of the doctrines and practices of the Drimitive Christian church. Then we lave the protestant-puritanic Sabbath, Thanksgiving and Christmas, stuffing :hose who have and starving those who have not,—a purely ceremonial day, no Sabbath at all; nay, not even the shadow of one. Anti-Christ has reigned, and made desolate ; all is Babylon,—a permanent religious panic. 'Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and receive not of her plagues,—her seven plagues,' was the call of God to Mothei Ann and her followers, no less than to the rationalists, — infidels to Babylon theology,—and sceptics of al kinds, than to those who had 'wandered after the beast, or his image.' Through the more spiritual elements these latter were called by the gospel to found the first cycle of the new heav ens. The former were called by the same spirit to found the firs cycle of the new earthly gov ernment, — the government of the United States. The earth had to be redeemed as the basis for the new heav ens to rest upon, and as a source o supply of members, by which alone1 a celibate order could be supported. Is it consistent, or would it be right, for followers of the first and second beasts,—sectarians,—to bring into Zion the prejudices and persecuting spirit of religious bigots, against the infidels to false theology and its damnable effects upon mankind? It is an error to be eradicated. Each of those parties has some truths the other needs ; and each has some errors to be shaken oft'. Hume, Voltaire, Humboldt, Tyndall, Paine, Jefferson, Franklin, and their fellows, search for God in nature, in man. Thi religion was and is to do good to a. men, to kill no human being, nor evento torture them. Voltaire caused the bolition of torture in France as applied to witnesses. Paine sought to bolish capital punishment and war, nd voted in the French assembly to -call the king, but spare the man, Louis. ?he infidel class in America effected be abolition of imprisonment for debt; aused the homestead bill to be passed, and secured the freedom of public lands to actual settlers; gave women protection in property to some extent; did good, and nothing but good. Lincoln, an infidel, signed the emancipation act. What have the orthodox church party of America to show of practical good done on earth ? Have they not opposed every good measure for redeeming the earth, from that of land limitation to that of slavery? Is not their selfish, cruel oppression enough to make men mad ? Of old, the orthodox party did make men mad by their crusades and St. Bartholomew massacres, their inquisitions, religious wars and persecuions. Is not all the blood shed upon earth of Babylon,—church and state,— 'eligion ? And God gave her blood to drink in the American and French revolutions, a reaction of humanity against the ecclesiastical-theological tyranny and oppression of past ages. Paul said to the Galatians: i; I stand n doubt of you ; ye observe days, and months, and times, and seasons. The Son of Alan is Lord of all these.' Having been called into the gospel, with its increasing cross, they preferred the shadow to the substance. They would rather pay a tenth than sacrifice all their property, preferrec aeing circumcised to living a virgin life. It was easier to give eye for eye tooth for tooth, than to be non-resistant, or return good for evil. The antichristian world would much rathei keep a puritanical, artificial Sabbathday than abolish slavery, forgive debts or undo heavy burdens, and let the op pressed poor go free. Even the New England Sabbath -day- keeping, with the non-observance of dietetic and pro creative laws, enjoined by Moses, i likely to end in the extinction of the Yankee race. Two children in three families indicates a lack of blessing somewhere. [See report of Associa tion of Science, in Boston.] This New England gospel is not equal to the lavs of types and shadows of the true gos pel. In short, there is no objection to the civil government appointing a non theological day of rest. Neither i there any objection to people observing any day as a theological Sabbath, as do the Jews. And believers, like friends may regard as sacred anv time set apar for spiritual and religious observance But they should never lose sight of th fact that the gospel is full salvatioi from the multifarious sins of the world is the great jubilee of jubilees, the Sab bath of Sabbaths, the Sabbath of Jesus