Let Us be Patient DANIEL ORCUTT Listen. I will not detain you long. Vly subject is patience. Patience is one of the greatest of virtues, and those who possess it have that which will make them more kind and lovely, and setter fit them to meet every-day crosses and trials that occur in life. Some persons seem to have a ' charm,' if I may use the word, which helps to keep their minds calm, clear, and peaceful, and their lives appear as a beautiful xample. This charm, I think, must oe the heavenly disposition which they earn to possess, to bear afflictions patiently, willingly. I often think how much happier we might be if we would earn more patience, and receive with meekness and humility all chastening necessary for our purification, as coming from our Father in heaven, for our highest good; which would prove a blessing, although to us it might seem the l'everse. It is astonishing how many people there are who go through life wearing a frown, losing all the happiness they might enjoy if they would cultivate patience and cheerfulness, and look on ' the bright side of life.' Impatience makes us unhappy, and causes others to feel uncomfortable. Let none of us think there is nothing worth living for, no good that we can do, no happiness in store for us, no friends faithful and true, no God of love, and no heaven for those who 'run with patience the race set before them.' Let none of us take such a desponding view of a virtuous life that we can see no beauty in the crucifying work. This life is short. Why grieve about crosses that lie in our way, hough they are many? or why stumble at every obstacle in our path? Our great exemplar has not taught us to do thus; his life was patient, perfect, peaceful, pure. May we walk in his footsteps; so live that our influence may tend to promote the happiness of all within our reach. I would not claim to be a model of patience, but will toil on patiently, and bear tribulation for the gospel's sake ; ' for tribulation worketh patience, and patience experience, and experience hope,' ' and all who have this hope,'—that is, the hope of being like Christ,— ' purify themselves even as he is pure.' Enfield, Conn,