Will the Coming Man be Sick ? A community in New York resort to what they call 'cure by criticism' when any of their band is sick. They get around his bed and faithfully tell him all his faults, as far as known; and this, they say, 'throws him into a profuse perspiration, usually resulting in a speedy recovery.' We copy the above paragraph from a periodical which purposed ridicule by its publication. Let us see if there is not more truth in it, than subject matter for ridicule. While we regret to say it, there are some disorders that are contracted by human society, that are very shameful indeed ; and a knowledge, by respectable society, of those afflicted, causes a criticism, that declares where they have been and what they have been doing. Society says they have grossly sinned, and shuns them until forgiven by recovery. And society is right in its criticism. When for every headache, foul stomach, or cold, or other of the hundreds of human afflictions, society will as justly, if not as severely, criticise and condemn, '' will not the world be better for it?' If the 'good time coming' ever comes, it will be said of us, ' there is no more sickness, we are well!' and ere it does arrive, we shall be in possession of a religion whose critical demonstrations upon us will often make us sweat. We want, added to what religion we now have, more of the gospel of health ; a gospel that will number among sins to be confessed, condemned and repented of, the almost numberless causes of getting sick, and we shall have more of, and a better religion than we now have. Now, let our religion, through the church, our friends, or by our own consciences, or by all combined, criticise every ailment as in a degree sinful, and administer the proper rebukcful medicine, with the ' go and sin no more' addendum ; and though we may have some of the sins of others to bear through this life, we shall have fewer of our own and their effects, to carry; and generations to come will ' rise up and call us blessed!' Will not the coming cycle include gospel criticism of the sick? Will the Christians of the future be sick ? And when we think at there Jesus accepted any as his disciple 'he cured him,' we are left without an argument that sustains the idea that he that is sick is a Christian ! A Christian will not marry ; will not fight; will not hold private property ; will live separate from the world. So far our Shaker criticism has carried us. What will it yet say of a sick Christian?