CORRESPONDENCE Enfield, N. H., Feb. 8, 1877 Our dear Sister L-----: Your beautiful letter is before me. I have read and re-read its contents several times; and had you selected any subject other than the one it contained, it could not have met the appreciation that it did. I love the religious tone, the subdued, humble spirit it manifested, and I prayed involuntarily: ' O, divine spirit, protect this, thy lamb. Do turn all her heart unto thee! Clothe her with a love eternal for the truth and the purity of thy way, that she may walk in it, and not falter. Make her a virgin, that she may stand with thy daughters and with thy sons, and may know of the freedom which thy children inherit. Bought with a price, one among the many that are called to do this work. Wilt thou, O brooding spirit of a mother, hover near, and shield this little one from harm for her faith's sake, and for the innocence and the purity of soul that is hers to possess. Do be jealous over the enemies of her household, that would destroy the good seed thou hast sown in love and kindness. We know thy spirit lives, and wilt hear this, our petition, and we trust her to thy care; though she be led through deep waters, we will not doubt that the hand that guides is safe and sure.' Dear L-----, I might say many pleasant things of a different character; but if I judge rightly, it is serious thought and meditation that best satisfies you, because it is the way your convictions lead you. You must walk ; do not tire, nor be discouraged, though the strife requires stern effort. If truth is ever your motto, it will anchor you safely, and nothing of this earth can destroy your purpose. Ever remember me as a sister, walking the same path with you, and do not fear to reach out and clasp my hand for strength and aid, if obstacles you meet are hard to comprehend. We must, we will stand together, and see the end of our faith, and strive with all our companions, redeemed from the worldly life,—a bright, virgin band. In sweet affection, your sister, Eliza A. Stratton The following letter is from the pen of an honorable and aged citizen... Warner, N. H., February, 1877 .[The following letter is from the pen of an honorable and aged citizen of Warner, N. H. He has, for many years, been an active and influential correspondent of the press, especially in the agricultural departments, and is well known, not only in this, but in many of the other states, He is now 83 years of age, His first visit to this society was in 1798, and from that date to the present time, has always maintained the most friendly relations to the society as a whole, and an intimate social relation with many of the leaders in particular. H. C. B.IMary Whitcher—My dear Friend: It seems a long while since I have heard anything direct from my many friends at your pleasant village, but trust there has not been any material change there since the sudden demise of my kind friends, Harvey A. and Emeline K. Should I ever again visit your place, I shall sadly miss their pleasant faces and friendly greetings. Change, incessant change, is one of the early laws of creation, to which all animated life is subjected; and it is the part of wisdom for all rational beings to be prepared for the last great change that awaits us. That my kind friends were prepared for such a change we all have reason to believe, and such a belief leads us to feel that ' our loss is their gain.' * * * I have just been looking over a large collection of pamphlets, the accumulation of over half a century, and find a series of pamphlets with the title of ' Cincinnatus,' which contains much matter that may interest your young folks. Several of the pamphlets contain very beautifully engraved landscape views, similar to those I forwarded some two or three years ago. As I have received appreciative acknowledgments from several of the brothers and sisters for former contributions, I take great pleasure in forwarding these. I suppose there may be a still younger class of both sexes, for whom you will find several small engravings for their acceptance. I have received the January Shaker, and was much pleased in the perusal of 'Notes by the Way.' 'I kindly thank you' has truly 'a magic influence.' In the course of my long life, I have met with hosts of kind and polite persons; as well, also, with many ' churlish bipeds,' whose attempts at thanks for favors received was anything but civil or polite. I have perused other portions of The Shaker with much interest. To all my good friends at your home please render my affectionate regards. Believe me truly, your much-obliged friend, Levi Bartlett South Lee, Mass., February, 1877 Mr. Briggs—Dear Sir: I have had The Shaker sent me, I think, ever since it was first published, and cannot very well do without it. I subscribed last year at West Pittsfield, through Eliza Chapin's agency. It seems her spirit has taken its flight, and no more dear Eliza here. I have known her for many years, sweet soul! Inclosed is sixty cents, and little enough, too, for such a work. Please favor me with it another year, and as long as it is published. It is the best publication out, or that ever will be, to me. Please give us plenty of Shaker music. Respectfully, Isaac B. Webster Baltimore, Md., Feb. 27, 1877 J. E. W.—My loving Friend: It has been nearly a year since I received your kind and affectionate letter. I am somewhat advanced in years, and quite out of the habit of writing; and on this account I have put it off from time to time, waiting a more convenient season. Please forgive me for my unfaithfulness. Your letter was received with thankfulness, and has been read over and over again with much interest. I do not feel worthy to be called a sister by one of God's chosen witnesses, as I have not lived a true Shaker life, although I fully believe in the doctrine, and have great joy in believing it to be the true and everlasting gospel. I thank God that he has prolonged my life to see the millennial day. I joy to see the little paper flying through the earth, going out from the new heaven with its leaves laden with 'good news ' and good laws, both for the body and mind. These maybe the leaves spoken of in scripture, that should be for the healing of the nations. The good health which I have enjoyed for several years I owe in a great measure to the comforting influences which I have received through those precious leaves. How happy I would be to assist in anything to help promote the great and glorious work. When the little Shaker reaches me with its cheering words so full of sympathy and love, it dispels the gloom and cheers the heart. I am even now anxiously waiting its arrival. Remember me in your prayers. Yours sincerely, C. E. B. I inclose one dollar to pay for the paper for 1877, and the balance may be retained to aid in doing deeds of goodness. C. E. B.