THE CHILDREN'S GROTTO Be Kind One more short talk, my children : Learn to be kind, first to brothers, sisters, parents, teachers—and it will be thought strange if you are not kind to those who are so kind to you. But let me nudge you upon the subject of kindness to animals and plants, particularly the animals, for they sense pain almost or quite equal to yourselves. If you are kind to them, they will be kinder, not only to you, but to every one else, because you are so. In driving horses or oxen, do not jerk the reins or ply the lash thoughtlessly—these actions not only hurt them, but hurt your kindness of heart, so you will grow to be more unkind to everything and everybody. My heart weeps at every recollection or observation of cruelty to those who cannot tell how badly they feel! and if we must repent of every such cruelty committed by us, what rivers of bitter tears must yet be shed for such abuses by children, and ' children of larger growth!' The useful animals are capable of deep affection and kindness. Let us cultivate these. I have seen boys with oxen and horses, and girls with birds, rabbits and cats, who were very cruel from want of sense, or to manifest authority. Don't do so, my children—think, and you will not. The elephant which became enraged at those who abused him, loved and fondled the little babe, even in his rage, which had always played lovingly with its trunk! No horse would purposely hurt a kind child. Animals realize 'what manner of spirits we are in possession,' and are very apt to catch of the same; therefore, deal kindly with them, and you will never regret doing so. Oh! if I shall have saved you from future regrets, caused you to spare the flowers, trees, and all the birds, animals and persons from pain, I will be happier, not only for the saving of the pain, but, for your sakes, in nipping in the bud that which, unchecked, grows in time to be a monster of cruelty. Then think that naughty, unkind words hurt the animals, and particularly your companions and friends. Set a guard on your feelings and tongues. A writer ot beautiful poetry has said : ' The springtime of our years is soon dishonored And denied, at most, by budding ills, that ask A prudent hand to check them. None sooner shoots Into luxuriant grozvth than cruelty, Most devilish of them all! ' Be mine the prudent hand; be yours the tender, loving, learning hearts. Weep with me, because of the cruelty of human hearts, hands and tongues. And let our weeping produce more than tears: let it create resolves of kindness, and to help others to be kind; and may God and good angels make our resolves most active, my dear children. and to repeat truthfully, ' I will be kind,' and I will be Yours, Geo. Albert A Very Common Error I want to point out to my hundreds of children who read The Shaker, a very common error in writing and speaking — one committed frequently by otherwise good, scholarly writers and speakers. It is in the improper uses of the little words, or and nor ; no, not, neither and either. Almost every paper or book we read, some instances of the error occur. Remember that either and or are used together, as 'Either you or I must go.' But the most common mistake is in using no, not, neither and or together, as ''Neither you or I;' 'iVo man or woman, nor child or beast escaped.' Corrected: '¦Neither you nor I; ' 'No man nor woman, neither child nor beast escaped.' Bear in mind that no, neither, nor, not, etc., are used in conjunction, and either, or, etc. I think the cause of such common, but thoughtless mistakes, is the good, grammatical rule, 'Two negatives are equal to one affirmative;' but this rule has no connection, in fact, with the above mistakes, but may be supposed to have by many. There are some instances where the usage of good writers and speakers could never be admitted to be good grammar nor sensible; and the above errors are among the number. Now let me refer you to a: mistake in the January number. In the beautiful music we find, 'No longer,' etc., and further on, 'Or wish,' etc. This was a mistake of mine—of my eye, not of my understanding. Now read the second verse, third line, and you will find better work. After a little notice of, and practice in correcting these errors, you may become as afflicted by seeing them made so commonly, as your friend, Geo. Albert