The Seraph: A Vision SUSANNA COLE LIDDELL, JR. She came, this bright seraph, in haste o'er the lea, Her step seeming soft as the zephyr to me; Her visage depicted the presence of youth, All brightly aglow with the mission of truth. Her being, all radiant with glimmers of mirth, Betokens the joy yet to dawn upon earth ; And sweet as the flower in vernal perfume Appeared this bright seraph in her vestal bloom. Supreme was the beauty that reigned in her heart. Which visions elysian glory impart; The beryl, transmitting its various dyes, Compares with the luster her treasures devise. The light from her life of the spiritual birth, Reveals lasting blessings of undying worth, And, gilding the ether encircling our world, Gives forms as of banners in splendor unfurled. In grateful obeisance to this seraph bright, The angelic hosts would her presence invite And far warmer kindliness beams from her eyes Than the sun-lighted arrows that traverse the skies. Her promised appearance — her mission grace And truth—kindles rapture in every face; And standing upright in broke her beauty, she i Such souls as are cleansed from the stains of the fall, The silence-bound spell, while as follows she spoke: 'The children of God are the pure in heart: All such from the ways of transgressors depart; The hairs of our heads are all number'd, we 're taught, And so are the evils that through us are wrought. 2ach word and each act shall be judged at the bar Of eternal justice. Whatever we are n this state of trial, we there must appear, And render account of our stewardship here. 'Yet even while here, to the honest and true Bright glories, immortal, will open to view; The rainbow of promise, appearing in sight, nspires every soul with unceasing delight. The manna of heaven is fresh on the dew; '.t comes with the morning, delicious and new. The ransomed of Israel are fed to their fill On this food of angels, the heavens distil. 'Though dim is the spirit of Christ to the blind, Tis equally dim to the bigoted mind; Tis shipwreck of faith that eclipses the light; God's gifts then appear as disasters of night. His nature, unchanged, is the same as of yore; He is still in the fiery pillar before; Redeeming from bondage, sustaining in grief, Assisting the needy by timely relief. 'The temple He reared for the Israelite's eye, That they might the pleasures of idols deny; He took from the nations of all that was best, That beautiful temple in which to invest. As pictures of these, to the juvenile mind, Incite to intelligence, pure and refined, These les. ns portrayed in this symbolic mode, Prefigured in signs the celestial abode. 'The favored of God must in spirit be strong. Sustaining' and helping the feeble along. True faith is a God-given boon to possess, Accorded to Abraham a true righteousness. It was the legitimate graft of the soul Which Christ, in his mission, did fully unfold. The glorious Image, Divinity's form, Our blessed Redeemer in truth did adorn. ' The channel is faith through which knowledge doth come— That knowledge we have of the eternal One. Through faith was revealed to the patriarch true The God-given promise to bless and renew To all coming nations of Abraham's seed. That blessing should follow the faithful, indeed, Who truly are worthy, through watching and prayer, The blessing of Abram and Jesus to share. ' Where much has been given, will much be required; The faithful, by infinite wisdom inspired, Will multiply talents, increasing in worth. That unfaithful servants will hide in the earth. Hence, leaders in Israel are called to be true, Unshaken and faithful in carrying through The work that is destined to bring to the race Salvation from sin through the order of grace. Through justification will honor their call, Released from the fetters of slavery and sin, Their spirits betoken that Christ is within. 'This spirit of Christ in the saints that compose His church here on earth, is a beacon to those WTho 're wand'ring o'er mountains and deserts, to find An ark of protection and rest to the mind. All such as are willing their lives to lay down, Will win in bright glory an immortal crown ; While those who in sacrifice give not the whole, Will forfeit a birthright more precious than gold. ' Then courage, companions in life's toilsome way, The path will grow smoother, and brighter the day; God's promise is sure,—He will never forsake The soul that 's determined the kingdom to take. And such as in life's early stages begin The work that shall cleanse from the nature of sin, Persistent in strife till the conquest is o'er, Like flowers shall bloom on that beautiful shore.' Union Village, O.