[For The Shaker.] Disease from Animal Poisons. INFECTION—INOCULABILITY—PREVENTION — DESTRUCTION BY DR. C. A. GUILMETTE Animal virus or poison, to a greater or less degree in a point of quantity as well as virulency, belongs to small-pox, scarlet fever, cholera, diphtheria, measles, whoopingcough, catarrh, glanders, plague, typhus* fever, typhoid fever, yellow fever, metria or childbed fever, syphilis, erysipelas, hydrophobia, and pyaemia or hospital fever. Animal poisons exhibit no kind of cell nor germ, and are therefore structureless. They are more or less acid, and corrode more or less actively, according to the density of the skin or membrane with which they may be brought in contact. When received into the nose, throat, or windpipe, their action is much more rapid and sure, particularly if any part or portions of the mucous membranes be denuded. Solid animal poisons, such as smallpox virus, travel a very little way, not more than three or four yards, under the most favorable circumstances, but hold on most tenaciously to all woolens or velvets. The virus of small-pox and scarlet fever is thrown off with the epithelial covering of the skin and mucous membrane; travels short distances, but holds on to solid articles. It may also be conveyed in letters. The poison of measles is the same as that of scarlet fever, and is thrown off mainly from the bronchial and nasal services. The poison from whooping-cough is thrown off from the pharynx, or upper part of the throat; is a local poison, very irritating, and may be conveyed from one child to another 22 THE SHAKER. from kissing. The same may be said of catarrh, which is frequently conveyed from one person to another from shaking hands, particularly if the hands be moist and are shortly after brought in contact with the lips, nose or eyes. Diphtheria is conveyed with more difficulty than whooping-cough, catarrh or glanders. The poison is found in the nose or throat, and is only communicable by the secretions, and then the part or parts affected must be abraded. We have no evidence that it has ever been conveyed by clothing. The poison from typhus fever is the most volatile of all. It emanates from the lungs as well as the skin of infected persons; also, from the watery exhalations. The poison from typhoid fever is soluble, less volatile than that of typhus; usually conveyed in the fluid form, and may be taken into the body with drinking-water or even food; it may dry on the clothes of the infected, and as a fine dust may be carried short distances by the air. The poison of cholera, of the infection and inoculability of which there is no question or doubt in the minds of those who have tested and experimented upon its elements, obeys nearly the same laws as that of typhoid fever. It may be carried as an infection, either in the form of fine powder, or in the vapor of water. The above facts have been most elaborately discussed and admitted by leading professors of organic chemistry and toxicology, and the few who dare to deny the infection, as well as the inoculability of all animal poisons, are those who have not only never satisfied themselves by stern experiment, guided by the truthful cicerone, Science, but who desire to be considered singularly wise, relying upon the frail position occupied by themselves in sot-distant high society, and believing that their opinions must outweigh those of the scientific and practical testist. Let those obtuse obstinates, by way of experiment, handle, or come in contact carelessly with an animal poison, and they will be quite likely to meet the fate of the German veterinary anti-trichinist, who would not believe that sausages made from pork meat containing trichina were poisonous, and by way of brag ate some, and died in twentyfour hours. The susceptibility of a person to any of the diseases above mentioned depends in the main upon the condition, or diathesis, socalled, of the general system. Where there exists an even tendency to an excess of acid in the fluids of the body, the individual so affected is predisposed. It is well-known that the bodies of those who have died from small-pox, scarletina, etc., have been so acid that at autopsies made upon them the edge of the scalpel employed has become in a few minutes corroded and rendered for the time useless. In the treatment of these diseases these facts should be borne in mind, and a healthy equilibrium established as soon as possible. Five-grain doses, every thirty minutes, of tartarized soda will accomplish this quicker and better than anything else, and where sore throat exists, particularly in scarlet fever, from five to six-grain doses, every hour, of the hydrochlorate of ammonia in water. Now that several of these poisonous diseases are in our midst, every man, woman and child should be dosed for three or four days with tartarized soda, in solution, or placed on the tongue dry. This will prevent an attack; or, should any follow, the disease will appear in a very mild form. Vaccination is a good preventive at the proper time and place, but of what advantage, if the acid diathesis exists already? It is as absurd as to 'lock the stable door after the horse has been stolen,' or to vaccinate a man when laboring under an attack of small-pox! In fact, vaccination upon those laboring under an acid reaction will not only hasten the development of the disease, but develop it in a much worse form than if nature had not been meddled with. Persons afflicted with small-pox or varioloid, simple or confluent, to avoid scars, should wash the parts frequently with a decoction of Saracennia Purpurea or Indian cup, a Nova Scotia plant. Disinfectants may be good for the nose of the attendant, but will not destroy virus—nothing short of extreme temperature will answer—as low as 2ou or as high as 2120 Fahrenheit. In giving utterance to my views on infectious and contagious diseases, the motive is not to solicit general practice, as my office business gives me enough to do ; but if possible communicate to my professional brethren and the public generally, the result of thirty years observation and study in the first hospitals on the continents of Europe, North and South America, and portions of Asia. I wish to satisfy all that the above enumerated diseases are more or less infectious and inoculable, and that the maintenance of a healthy equilibrium of the acid and alkaline secretions of the body is more to be relied upon as a preventive of small-pox than hazardous revaccination, which the astute physician seldom if ever practices upon himself. My experience has taught me to dread more typhoid fever than either Asiatic cholera or small-pox. Concord, N. H.