The following letter is from the pen of an honorable and aged citizen... Warner, N. H., February, 1877 .[The following letter is from the pen of an honorable and aged citizen of Warner, N. H. He has, for many years, been an active and influential correspondent of the press, especially in the agricultural departments, and is well known, not only in this, but in many of the other states, He is now 83 years of age, His first visit to this society was in 1798, and from that date to the present time, has always maintained the most friendly relations to the society as a whole, and an intimate social relation with many of the leaders in particular. H. C. B.IMary Whitcher—My dear Friend: It seems a long while since I have heard anything direct from my many friends at your pleasant village, but trust there has not been any material change there since the sudden demise of my kind friends, Harvey A. and Emeline K. Should I ever again visit your place, I shall sadly miss their pleasant faces and friendly greetings. Change, incessant change, is one of the early laws of creation, to which all animated life is subjected; and it is the part of wisdom for all rational beings to be prepared for the last great change that awaits us. That my kind friends were prepared for such a change we all have reason to believe, and such a belief leads us to feel that ' our loss is their gain.' * * * I have just been looking over a large collection of pamphlets, the accumulation of over half a century, and find a series of pamphlets with the title of ' Cincinnatus,' which contains much matter that may interest your young folks. Several of the pamphlets contain very beautifully engraved landscape views, similar to those I forwarded some two or three years ago. As I have received appreciative acknowledgments from several of the brothers and sisters for former contributions, I take great pleasure in forwarding these. I suppose there may be a still younger class of both sexes, for whom you will find several small engravings for their acceptance. I have received the January Shaker, and was much pleased in the perusal of 'Notes by the Way.' 'I kindly thank you' has truly 'a magic influence.' In the course of my long life, I have met with hosts of kind and polite persons; as well, also, with many ' churlish bipeds,' whose attempts at thanks for favors received was anything but civil or polite. I have perused other portions of The Shaker with much interest. To all my good friends at your home please render my affectionate regards. Believe me truly, your much-obliged friend, Levi Bartlett