CORRESPONDENCE Enfield, N. H., Feb. 8, 1877 Our dear Sister L-----: Your beautiful letter is before me. I have read and re-read its contents several times; and had you selected any subject other than the one it contained, it could not have met the appreciation that it did. I love the religious tone, the subdued, humble spirit it manifested, and I prayed involuntarily: ' O, divine spirit, protect this, thy lamb. Do turn all her heart unto thee! Clothe her with a love eternal for the truth and the purity of thy way, that she may walk in it, and not falter. Make her a virgin, that she may stand with thy daughters and with thy sons, and may know of the freedom which thy children inherit. Bought with a price, one among the many that are called to do this work. Wilt thou, O brooding spirit of a mother, hover near, and shield this little one from harm for her faith's sake, and for the innocence and the purity of soul that is hers to possess. Do be jealous over the enemies of her household, that would destroy the good seed thou hast sown in love and kindness. We know thy spirit lives, and wilt hear this, our petition, and we trust her to thy care; though she be led through deep waters, we will not doubt that the hand that guides is safe and sure.' Dear L-----, I might say many pleasant things of a different character; but if I judge rightly, it is serious thought and meditation that best satisfies you, because it is the way your convictions lead you. You must walk ; do not tire, nor be discouraged, though the strife requires stern effort. If truth is ever your motto, it will anchor you safely, and nothing of this earth can destroy your purpose. Ever remember me as a sister, walking the same path with you, and do not fear to reach out and clasp my hand for strength and aid, if obstacles you meet are hard to comprehend. We must, we will stand together, and see the end of our faith, and strive with all our companions, redeemed from the worldly life,—a bright, virgin band. In sweet affection, your sister, Eliza A. Stratton