An Analysis of Human Society, IN TWO NUMBERS. NO. I Declaring the law which creates and sustains a community having goods in common. DANIEL FRASER I introduce the following analysis with a few remarks on co-operation. Having been identified with co-operative efforts, and also with communities having goods in common, during the past forty years, I would, for the benefit of those having aspirations after a higher life than our present civilization aflbrds, offer a few thoughts. A number of persons uniting their labor and capital in any industrial business, is co-operation. The relative conditions of rich and poor are not disturbed. The strong are strong for themselves, the rich are rich for themselves. The one do not bear the infirmities of the weak, nor the other the conditions of the poor. Co-operation may be just, but organically it is destitute of the benign—the Christ element. Justice is not goodness ; it is sim-ply an exchange of equivalents. Goodness illustrates itself in giving, but expects no return. They are organically distinct. The former ma}' be an eye for an eye, or a stroke for a stroke. Or it may be a pair of boots for a barrel of flour—a bushel of wheat for two yards of cloth. The latter returns good for evil, blessing for cursing. The former yields just acts, the latter divine deedsCapitalists may co-operate, and control the property of a country. The real capital of a country is not gold nor bits of paper. If there was no surplus of the necessaries of life in the markets of the world, what would that which is called capital amount to ! Nothing. Therefore, the actual capital of a country is the food and clothing, and other necessaries of life, which the laborers of a country have produced and have to spare. If gold, silver, and bits of pa' Salvation is wrought by confession of sin,! per capitalists co-operate and control At God's sacred altar forgiveness to win : By ceasing from evil, and learning the right, j The deep scarlet robe is exchanged for the white. the real capital of a country, they control that which does not belong to them. That which the laborer has produced should never, in the hands of others, 19 be allowed to control him, nor affect in-!the midst of his quiet home, extends to juriously that which he has produced. Within the last century, a number of wealthy men co-operated and took possession (under the title of 'The East India Cojnpany,') of a great country, containing millions of people. They controlled the land, and, of course, the laborer and what he produced. Hold ing absolute possession of the soil, they assumed to be at once rulers, legislators, you the olive-branch of fraternity. How is it that the noblest of men have not been able to 'establish communities having goods in common? They had honest hearts, ability and zeal, and other elements of success; yet they failed. The non-success of the moral, the financial, and the Sab- it seemed an atmosphere of light, calm, batical—of days, rest to the body ; Sabbath of years—rest to the land and a canceling of debts : and every fiftieth year, all who had lost their land took possession of it again. These laws were more sweeping in their practical operation than most are aware of. a combination communities, embracing a number of The nations and civilizations of anfamilies, and the success of the Shaker | tiquity fell in consequence of the unreorder, led me to an analysis of human j strained action of the propensities society. For if physical things can be analyzed, and their forces, affinities, and quantities determined, why should adopted ultimated, within the past few j not human society also be analyzed, years, (under the auspices of the British government,) in the destruction of millions of human beings. Co-operators, on a smaller scale, buy great tracts of land, monopolize it and the contained minerals; coal, for instance, an article given for the general good of all. These co-operators tax the community, and sometimes actually control legislation. Hence, co-operation may be satanic, as above, or be just, as is the case with that form of co-operation which attracts attention at present; which creates property, and distributes it according to the power expended in creating it. Every infringement of justice is a satanic act. The prima facie evidence is, that the and its forces and affinities ascertained, and thereby prevent, in the future, material loss and disappointments? Modern civilizations are taking the same course. It is righteousness alone that exalteth and giveth permanency to nations. The mission of Jesus was to begin on earth the divine order of human society, as was manifested in the Pentecostal With this view, w7e will inquire— j church, and now in that of the Shakers. First—What are the primary atoms of human society? Second—What are the forces of these atoms. Third—What are the products of these forces on each other? The divine faculties were and are called into action, and the propensities excluded. The results were, and are, a virgin life and a community of all good things. If communities, having goods in cornFourth—What are the organic lawsjmon, based on the total exclusion of the action of the propensities, exists in which create and define distinct classes in human society? and what phases does society assume in reference to the organic laws of each ? I will now classify the materials to be analyzed. Human society presents itself in three greater present. portion of is satanic. human action, at The late war—the stupendous struggle satanic power was, of the slave—the intrinsically, to distinct orders and the divine. the just, the satanic. The organic law of cause the slave to create property, and consume none except what was necessary to create more. The sympathy extended to said power by the ruling, the educated, and established religious pies. classes, over nearly the whole surface of Christendom, indicated what form of society at present prevails. All efforts at reform are to prevent certain persons from holding and consuming property which they did not create. I suggest that all co-operative societies, the members being creators of property, should have legislative protection, bounties, etc., afforded them ; so that a just state of things may Pre vail. Communities having goods in common, embrace the justice of co-operation with this organic difference: that the strong are strong for the weak as well as for themselves, and that the two great classes, rich and poor, are unknown. Such a community is a manifestation of the divine in man, even as slavery ib of the satanic. Every act of goodness is a divine act. Man being capable of benign acts, is evidence that he has a divine life within him ; in a germinal state it may be. The incipient quickening of the divine in man has been the cause of efforts to establish communities having goods in common, organically embracing and manifesting- the benign or divine element in humanity. Jesus recognized this element—'be ye perfect, even as your is perfect.' the just order is love of self and neighbor a self. This order was represented by the Jews, and is beginning to appear in the United States. 'All men are equal.' See also Homestead Bill, and other items flowing from just princiour day, the cause must be referred to the divine element in man being quickened. way ; I reason. At Father who is in Heavi •• Ye are gods—divine, to whom the word of God came. Greater things than these shall ye do.' 'He who is the greatest, let him be your servant,' etc. This can only be accomplished when the divine in man is quickened. This quickening convicts of sin, of righteousness, ana of judgment. If we glance for a moment at leading minds in the movement A Jew had as practical a right to land so that he might eat, as to air so that he might breathe. And usury being forbidden, prevented the growth of a moneyed aristocracy, controlling the products of labor, and arbitrarily changing their value. The organic law of the satanic is, love of self at the expense of the neighbor. This order is represented by two phases. First, by holding human beings in absolute vassalage; breaking up the matrimonial and parental relationships of the enslaved ; taking from them the property they create ; standing between them and knowledge, and trampling upon their free agency. The second phase is manifested in countries called free; said countries bringing forth millionaires, paupers and criminals. The land—the prime element of existence—being in the hands of a few, the masses are compelled to submit to the outrage of having no land, and of being servants to those who have. Forced to pay interest on enormous debts which they never contracted, and to support governments instituted to oppress them, and priesthoods for which they have no reverence. The organic law of the divine order of human society is love to God supremely, and neighbor more than self— ' in honor preferring one another.' ••Let the greatest be the servant.' This order was represented by the the toward forming communities, we find them the noblest of the noble. Their highest aspirations were to inaugurate among men the reign of love and universal peace. Self-sacrificing men, all honor to you, A simple Shaker, from