Notes by the Way, No. 7 HENRY C. BLINN I refer with pleasure to the admonition which I find published in a paper having many thousands of subscribers. There seems to be the same necessity at the present time, as in the past, that a systematic course of teaching should be given to class after class. It is precept upon precept and line upon line. The same unchanging warning voice from childhood to manhood. 'Parents should be on such terms with their children that they will have no correspondence that is kept secret; and they should, as a matter of safety, see that no matter reaches their children through the mails which does not pass through their own hands.' This is just as it should be. It seems that there is a class of publishers and venders of demoralizing literature, and even of filthy publications, who avail themselves ot the privilege of the U. S. mail, through which to reach more readily the homes and minds of the children and the youth. In this clandestine manner, unobserved by the parents and guardians, they force a stream of corrupting influences upon their manners and morals. If this warning voice is demanded for the protection of children and youth in private families, and public institutions, then it becomes doubly necessary for the parents and guardians of our religious order to protect, as far as possible, their children and youth from the same objectionable matter. Most certainly we are not beyond these baneful influences which, through papers, books and letters, are so largely circulated ; and it is as imperative that we should hold our children so kindly within the circle of our affections, that they would not wish to pursue any unprincipled course, either in regard to receiving or circulating that which is immoral. Hid away as securely as it may be in the fine type of the American Agriculturist, we hope that the warning voice of the good editor may be seen by every reader. It is not sufficient that quietness should mark our way, because we are established upon a religious foundation. The same influences that are enervating and destroying the souls and bodies of the thousands upon thousands, has more or less effect upon those who gather to our homes. There is need of better conditions. In accepting children and youth, and even adults, into our institution, it is foi the express purpose of having them so live, and so educated, that they may become worthy members of the society. Unless we are better able to watch over and protect them from wrong than were those from whom they were received, we do them and ourselves a great injustice. Separated though we may be from fhe order of the world, we should prove unworthy disciples of our Lord, or as members of a religious body, if we failed in any point of the duty assigned to us. It is not only the utter vileness, the bold and glaring evils, which may occasionally i-each us through the mails, that we have need to fear, but that even which comes in a still more subtle form, through the columns of familiar papers ind periodicals, and, may be, from the office of the so-called religious publications. These, yea, these which are so largely patronized and extensively published are equally to be dreaded. And as I would earnestly warn a riend against an impending danger, so would I warn those who stand on this side of the ' evergreen shores' against :he sinful indulgence of reading for pleasure, or hearing from curiosity, that which is immoral.