A Presbyterian's Vision WHAT CHURCH IN HgAVKN DID HE SEE ? ovely and changeless. The buildings seemed all palaces, but not like the palaces of earth ; the pavements were all alike of gold, bright and shining, and clear as glass; the larger and glittering windows seemed like a divided rainbow, and were made to give and transmit none but the rays of gladness; it was indeed a place to which hope might bend, and where charity may dwell. I could not help exclaiming as I went along: ' These are the habitations of righteousness and truth'—all was bright and perfect. I could not tell what was wanting in me, to wish for eternity in such a place, and yet its very purity oppressed me ; and I saw nothing congenial, though looks of kindness met in every face of that happy throng. I felt responsive—I turned in silence from their friendly greetings, and walked on alone, oppressed and sad. I saw that all went one followed, wondering the length I saw them approach a building much larger and finer than the i-est; I saw them ascend its massive steps, and enter beneath its ample porch, but I felt no desire to go with them. I approached. I saw persons enter who were dressed in every varied costume of the nations, but they disappeared within the xnxh, and crossed all dressed in white. O, could I describe that hall to you ! It was not the marble, it was not the crys:al, it was not gold, but light! pure ight consolidated into form. It was the moon without its coldness, it was the sun without its dazzling ray, and within it was a staircase, mounting upwards, all of light, and I saw it touched by snowy feet, and the white and spotless garments of those who ascended. It was indeed passing fair, but it made me shudder and I turned away. As I turned, I saw on the lower step, one looking at me with an interest so intense and manner so anxious, that I stopped to hear what he had to say. He asked in a voice like music, 'why do you turn away?' 'Is there peace elsewhere?' ' Is there pleasure in works of darkness?' I stood in silence, he pressed me to enter, but I neither answered nor moved—suddenly he disappeared and another took his place, with the same look and manner. I wished to avoid him, but I seemed riveted to the spot. ' Art thou come so far,' said he, ' and wilt thou lose labor? Put off thine own garment and take the white livery here.' He continued to press me until I grew weary and angry, and I said I do not like your livery, and ? I am oppressed by your whiteness. He sighed and was gone. Many passed by me with looks of mingled kindness and The following vision was published in The Presbyterian, and we ask all good Presbyterians and other folk, to read of the good things which some one lost, by non-compliance with most urgent requests. What church in spirit pity, and pressed me to follow them on, and offered me a hand up the steps, which led to their mysterious change, but I rejected them and stood melancholy and distressed; at length one bright young messenger came up to me and entreated me to enter with a voice land does as he saw saints doing? In whose honor do saints sing and dance ?|ca^gt Pentecostal church, and is now by the people called ' Shakers.' With them there is neither millionaire, pauper nor penitentiary ; slave nor dependent; and the greatest is the and manner which I could not resist; do not turn away' said he, ' ^here iou go? Do not linger, for why Let us reflect! En. Ishouldst thou linger for naught? EnI thought I was walking in the streets ter then, and taste of happiness. Do of a great city, many people were walk- not all tribes and colors press into that warmme his ing there besides myself; but there was hall? Are they not clothed and something in the air which immediately ed and comforted?' He gave struck me. They seemed thoughtful hand and I entered the hall along with and cheerful; neither occupied with|him. Here I was sprinkled with pure business nor pleasure, but having about water, and a garment of white put on where he who is most of a servant. The mission of Moses was to estab- them such a dignity of repose, such me, and I know not how, but I mountlish the just order. And to effect that high and settled purpose, .such grace jed the staircase with my happy guide, he required that the propensities (which and purity as never was stamped on |O what a light burst upon me when I all have in common with the lower animals,) should be subject to the following laws :—The dietetic, the procreative, the agrarian, the agricultural, reached the summit. Mortal words cannot describe it, nor mortal fancy mortal brow. The light of the city was also strange; it was not the sun, for there was nothing to dazzle : it was!conceive it. Where are the living saphnot the moon, for all was clear as day;iires? Where are the glittering stars THE S BLA: E Tl. 20 THE SHAKER. that are like the bright radiance on which I stood ? Where ai'e the forms, or the looks of love that breathed in the innumerable company around me? I sank down overpowered and wretched. I crept into a corner and tried to hide myself~, for 1felt that I had nothing in unison with the blessed creatures of such a place. They mere moving in a dance to the music, to the harmony of songs that never fell upon my mortal ear. My guide joined in rapture, and I was left alone. I saw tall forms, fair and brilliant in the ineffable felicity,—their songs and looks of gratitude forming the circumstances and differences of each. At length I saw one taller than the rest, one every way more fair, more awful—surpassing thought, and to him every eye was turned ; and in his face, every face was brightened. The song and dance were to his honor, and all seemed to drink from him their life and joy. As I gazed speechless and trembling in the amazement, one who saw me left the company and came where I stood. Why, he asked, art thou silent? Come quickly and unite in the dance and Join in the song. I felt a sullen anger in my heart and answered with sharpness : 'I will not join in your song, for I know not the strain. I will not join in your dance, for I know not the measure.' He sighed and with a look of surprising and humiliating pity, he returned to his place. About a minute after another came and addressed me as he had done, and with the same temper I answered him in the same words. He seemed as if he could have resigned his own dazzling glory to have changed me. If heaven knows anguish he seemed to feel it, but he left me and returned. What could it be that put such a temper into my heart! At length the Lord of the glorious company of these living forms of light and beauty, saw me and came where I stood. I thrilled in every pulse with awe ; I felt my blood curdle, and the flesh upon me tremble. My heart grew hardened, my voice was bold. He spoke, and deep-toned music seemed to issue from his lips. 'Why sittest thou so still, when all around you are so glad! Cotne join in the dance, for I have triumphed. Come join in the song, for my people reign.' Love ineffable unutterably beamed upon me as though it would have melted a heart of stone, but I melted not. I gazed an instant, and then said : ' I will not join in the song, for I know not the strain ; I will not join in the the measure.' dance, for Creation I know not would have fled at the change in his countenance. His glance was lightning and in a voice louder than ten thousand thunders, he said: floor 'What dost thou here?' The beneath me opened; the earth quaked, and the whirlwinds encompassed me,—I sank down into tormenting flames ;—with the fright I returned to consciousness.