Now and Then. All should aim to live now, to the ends of present comforts, and the prevention of future regrets. If present good or comfort infringe on future rewards of justification, then self-denial now is better, happier now, than an excess of future anguish, the consequence of excessive jubilation now. Self-denial now is not intended as a punishment, nor to prevent future punishments; THE SHAKER. it pays now, and for all time to come. Take the daily routine of a self-denying Christian's life, with all its crosses and absence of worldly pleasure, and contrast the real condition of such an one with the epicure, the unrestrained libertine, the ribald, pleasure - seeking debauchee ! Which longs more for the other's condition? Does the self-denying Shaker ever desire the condition of the debauchee, when the phantom he sought through indulgences has fled? Does not the sickened soul of the dilapidated worldling often, and very often wish, pray, anguish for the condition which every true Shaker mind should possess? In the hours of solitude and sickness, of wretched feelings and hell, of a being spent in pleasure, does he think it pays to be a worshiper at the shrine of Bacchus, of Venus, of Mars, or Phrygia? Every hour spent now for soul-development into better men and women, even in the practice of severe self-denials, will by the by be considered as angelic control. Every dime and dollar saved from the pleasure of the senses, and devoted to the furtherance of the gospel to other souls, will in the near future not only not be regretted as so spent, but wishes many will then be vain, that hundreds were not so spent. Let us all be good, be happy, enjoy every gospel good and gain. Then let us spare for the church any excess that would give us present indulgence, but thereby rob the church of what it right fully claims. The church of old used to demand a tenth of all. Should the same be demanded now for the spread of the gospel, it would make some socalled Christians swear! And yet we see them sitting not far from heaven's gate in the future, and wishing that they had done differently now. ***