Why? Why? We have never met with any who did not admit the celibate virginity of Jesus. We have met with few, and but few intelligent persons, who denied that the character of the Pentecostal church was the same. It is well known that some of Jesus' immediate disciples were married men, and that very many of his subsequent adherents were married people. It is as well known that not only were the relations of husband and wife abandoned by the disciples on becoming such, but we learn that 'lo! we have left all to follow thee ! ' This is why they 'left' husbands, wives, children, houses, and lands, etc., etc.,—left their ownership and practice, had ' all things in common ' like brethren and sisters. But the question comes often and pleadingly, 'Why is it necessary you should do so ? ' If merely to be a follower ot Christ Jesus, this would be necessary. But had Jesus never appeared, and had the discovery of the superior life been left for another, then would our convictions of 'the better way' be just as binding. But how can Christians follow Jesus in marriage, in war, in selfish possessions, in sensual, worldly life? How can they follow him where he not only failed to go, but taught explicitly the forsaking of all these and their constituents, by all ' who would be my disciples?' 'Let the world runout?' Jesus did not so question, nor his disciples with him. The world will never be depopulated because of any grand rush to practical Christianity, nor because of '' the few' who will 'follow him' through 'the straight gate' of his self-denials; for people are not so anxious to be Christians. But the 'why do you so?' is not on Jesus' account, but upon our own. It pays better interest in spiritual things ; and to come in possession of heavenly treasures we have forsaken earthly practices that prevent such possessions. This is why Jesus so lived; and our lives are similar to his by coincidence seeking the same ends, our conclusion are identical lives. And we know of none so spiritual as virgin celibates.