SOCIAL LIFE TOPICS Shaker Village, N. H., \ January 28, 1877. J Beloved A.: How very singular, indeed, that you should have addressed me upon subjects which form so much the essential feature of our whole life. I think that you have more readily anticipated me than I could hope to do in my reply. I am so thoroughly convinced of the essential necessity of a rigid discipline for the mind, and no less for the body, that I almost reverentially look upon the requirements of the originators of our order, and hesitate at the thought of changing or repealing, unless fully persuaded that it will be for the development of protection for the order, or open an avenue more spiritual, and consequently place us nearer the city of God. Very well do I know, as you remark, the times that our order are each day in the attitude of prayer. As commonplace as its frequency may seem to make it, the believer whose soul is awakened in the interest of the gospel cause, finds it an exalted position before God. To the children and youth it evi dently has a most salutary effect, in that it demands of them, for a few moments, reilec tion. While they bend their knees in prayer they should be conscientiously instructed in thair thank-offering before God. That the ceremony may become formal we cannot deny. That we may suffer from abstraction, forgetting the place we are in, may also be true; and the same might be said of many or all ceremonies which are of frequent occurrence. I am fully persuaded that the discipline which forms the essential part of our work comprehends, measurably, the saving grace, on the principle which Jesus taught: 'Deny thyself, and follow me.' But I have thus far been so interested in your remarks that even now I reluctantly pass from them to another subject. Ah, shall I in this anticipate you, and with you a arge body of our brethren and sisters, as I make reference to the signal-call of themornng? It is generally conceded, order is characteristic of the kingdom of God, and hence the imperative necessity of its strict maintenance by every body of professing christians. Confusion, or disorder, belongs to Babylon. When we publish that our signal for rising is at 5 or 5 1-2, it is by many received with astonishment. One says: 'I rise at 6, and consider that early,' while another begins the day at 7. This may do for those who have no systematic order for retiring, and it may do for families organized on the basis of selfish relations ; but a prominent feature of protection in the Shaker order, and an active testimony against a morbid indulgence, is found in the careful attention to I the hours of retiring and of rising. The old adage says : ' Six hours of rest for a man ; seven for a woman; and eight for a fool.' The Shakers have given the extended margin. Some do not wish the greatest number ; others readily accept it. As we have no slaves, no servants, our religious compact is formed of brethren and sisters, who stand on a foundation of equality, covenanting together to abide by the rules of the institution, and to bear the cross of practical self-denial. Sickness, infancy and old age form exceptions to this rule. It was only a few mornings since, as I was passing from one dwelling to another, at a few minutes past 5, that I met a little boy, as bright as a lark. 'Why are you not in bed and asleep, my little man ?' said I. When he as readily answered : ' They have rung the bell, and I didn't want to sleep any longer.' He had in all probability enjoyed the luxury of 'rest from his labors' some nine or ten hours. The amount of rest that a person needs may be an open question. Health reformers sadly disagree on this point, as they do on every other. Nervous temperaments plead for an indefinite extension, while the indifferent and indolent of every phase still say, 'yet a little sleep, a little slumber.' As my correspondent, whoever he may happen to be, dwells with so much interest upon certain religious forms, I trust that he as faithfully begins the day, by a strict observance of that religious discipline which calls us to a renewal of life as ' the morning dawn is breaking.' Respectfully, h. c. b.