'Is this a Christian Country?' Rabbi Jastrow of Philadelphia, in a discourse demanding the opening of the centennial exhibition on the Sabbath, answered the above question, No ! ' I confess my inability to undei'stand what a Christian country means, and I defy any of those who make use of this argument to explain it satisfactorily. Is Christianity a nationality by which a country may be defined, that we should be permitted to say, ' This is a Christian country ?' Should a compound of two terms, which have neither a political nor a geographical connection, one of which designates the soil, and the other a religious creed, be allowed to be made use of for denominational purposes in a country where, one hundred years ago, liberty of conscience was made the basis of all government? Just as absurd as it is to speak of a Christian soil, it is to use the expression of a Christian country in the sense of a Christian government, with Christian political institutions. Where is that Christian country? Thanks to the Lord, we look for it in vain on the map of the United States. ' Here where the separation of church and state has been laid down as the foundation of our government; here should we, in the sight of our liberties, in the year of their jubilee, speak of a Christian country in the same sense as we speak of a French or a Spanish countiy ? Are the citizens of this country Christians, by either birth or adoption? Are her officers Christians? If this be so, let there be, in spite of the constitution, a test established for every one who lands on our shores ; let him swear that he is a Christian, though it may be hard to state what sect he belongs to ; let there be no one admitted to the privileges of citizenship who refuses to swear allegiance to Christianity. Until such a test shall have been established, no one has a right to say ' This is a Christian country ;' and whoever says so pei'verts the truth for the sake of misleading the people into intolerance and fanaticism. This is no Christian country so long as the first amendment of the constitution stands unchanged, and we trust in the good sense of our people that it will stand so forever.'