Hot-House Christians E. T. LEGGETT How lowlv were the saints of old. Who, from the grove or cavern wild, To God their sins and sorrows told In language artless as a child; While winds and waves and tides are still, Their heart-warm songs and prayers arise That echo wafts, o'er dale and hill, To heaven from the list'ning skies. But progress moves with time apace, And art succeeds to nature now; And those who seek God's saving grace, Their churches, not their hearts endow: How well devised and shrewd the plan, To build to God with brick and stone; And buy His choicest gifts to man, With consecrated gold alone ! How piety walks hand in hand, With ostentation here below; And pomp and potence now command All gold-fleeced reverends dare to know! What gorgeous structures now obtain, With spires that pierce the Heav'nly blue As though to cleave the skies in twain, And let man's gilt-edged off'rings through The heart now beats to man's control, Nor dare beyond his biddings soar; And ice has fossilized the soul That warms to God and heaven no more : The world that war's red sins subdued To bold imperial Caesar's sway; The world God's angels loved and wooed, Is fashion's willing slave to-day! ^earned priests now daily interview The Deity on things below; Suggesting much He ought to do, And many things He ought to know; Or broaching some transcendent plan, (More suited to the time, and higher,) ?o save intact the soul of man, Without the slightest use of fire. *fow fashion's found a fairer road, That all her glitt'ring hosts pursue, With palace-cars to Heaven's abode, And passes for the favored few; Urbane conductors, just secured, With music daily by the choir; And every passenger assured, From damages or loss by fire. How tempting this on fashion's line, With ease and safety promised there ! Yet many still to doubts incline That all is gold that shines so fair: Perhaps 'twere best for those who doubt, Where fashion's cream-cheese votaries go, To take the less attractive route, Tear-worn by saints of long-ago. I wonder if 'way up on high, Man's piebald thoughts and acts they know; And if they oft'ner smile or sigh, At his queer capers here below: Perhaps they think this world a stage, And saints and sinners actors all; And trembling wait the closing page, To see life's star-gemmed curtain fall.