Our Biographical Studies. No, 1 I. JOHN BAPTIST. Every important movement from good to better, and best,—from conservative to more radical goodness—has had its forerunner ; and between Judaism and the mission of Jesus, there came John Baptist, crying to the bewildered people, '; Prepare for Jesus '—for something better than you have ever heard! The testimony of this Baptist is valuable: 'I indeed, baptize you with water, while you are confessing your sins ; but he that cometh after me, will baptize you with fire, while you confess, and give you the holy spirit to help you refrain in the future !' Again : ''''Isaw and bare record that this is the son of God I' So far, John is to be admired. After a time, this same John—unwilling to yield to his convictions, and submit to the superior authority of Jesus—doubted, and sent some of his followers to Jesus, to ask of him whether he was the promised Messiah! Jesus replied by sending back the fruits of his works. The next we hear of this John, he dies by violence. This Baptist has many scholars—faithful followers in our time—in all excepting his tragic death. He has, incomparably, more followers than Jesus ! Professing allegiance to Jesus, and acknowledging his life as that of the son of God, they to this day doubt the propriety of giving up their selfish sovereignties to become his disciples ; while the majority will be beheaded, and die, before they will admit that Jesus' life was the proper life to be copied by Christians! The lives of the majority are like the Baptist's, too selfish to submit to Christianity ! John was a nice man, a splendid Jew ; too proudspirited, however. ' None greater has been born,' said Jesus, not even excepting himself. But because of the want of an humble, self-denying, obe,ient spirit, neither John nor the mul; itudes who follow him in arrogant opposition to the unselfish, angelic life t f Jesus the Christ, 'the least of the i.ingdom of heaven is greater' than these followers of John out of heaven. II. NICODEMUS. We must be excused from the condemnation of Nicodemus. ' He came by night,' 'tis true ; and he may thus have shown a want of moral courage ; 3ut his admitted testimony, ' We know that thou art a teacher of God,' places him far ahead of tens of thousands, who, condemning Nicodemus, will not come to the acknowledgment of the truth of Christ's life, neither by day nor night! We except from this number some known individuals, who, having faith in the correctness of Shaker testimony and life, 'come by night' with offerings as genuine,, as that of Nicodemus. We cherish the confidence of very many, who, sick of the carnally fleshly life, realize no more pleasure in such worldliness, but find it corroding, corrupting, and very unspiritual to the soul, who yet are so strongly bound, Nicodemus-like, by the fashions of our day, that they cannot ' come by day,' cannot come out and own their genuine convictions, and brave a scorning world; and so they ' come by night,' in loving epistles, in tokens of remembrance; come themselves under cover of our confidence. Our sanctum library denotes scores of volumes, presented by living, loving, modern Nicodemuses, and our editorial chair, admired by so many, is the gift of a 'comer by night.' Letters from all parts of the English-speaking world are abundant; and sincere protestations of these infant souls into Christianity are at no time wanting. We love them, nevertheless. Their half-loaf admissions by starlight are better than no bread by day ; and for their kindly donations by letter and otherwise we have only grateful returns to offer, for which they shall lose nothing, but be remembered as those only wanting daylight to make them ' near the kingdom of heaven.' And yet we encourage none to be Nicodemuses. would have denied the Christ in doc:rine, saved them and the testimony before the world. The denial by Peter is to be severely condemned, there beng no Christian apology therefor; but :here should be all charity for his admitted and repented-of weakness. There are some who offer Peter's mistake as an apology for their own misdoings; but this will never do for Christians. Let us condemn whatever is wrong in Peter, Paul, Appollos, or ourselves; and then let us be as encouragingly repentant as any one. As a denier of his master, Peter was, is ondemnable ; and wherein we at all deny his life in our lives, we are therein condemnable. Peter's repentant and estimable future, so far as he represented Christ, we should copy as closely as circumstances demand. In the absence of physical martyrdom, let us crucify the world, the flesh in us, heads downward, being vigilant for the cause to the end. With the truth ever apparent, that there are myriads who deny Christ, not only three times, but all their lives, might we be more able to make as apparent that a few more hundreds might own and represent Christ than now do, as 'him crucified unto a sinful world,' and themselves offered to 'follow him,' the exemplar Jesus, the brilliant pattern of the Christ life. III. PETER. Peter, it is said, denied his master, fulfilling the prediction of Jesus that he would. Jesus was a natural phrenologist, a ready reader of human nature ; and with Peter's inordinate expression of what he would do, Jesus coupled his knowledge of Peter's want of firmness when the time of trial came, and said to him, ' You will deny me three times, more easily than you think.' We all love Peter's future. How well he contended for the faith afterward, and died head downward from choice! And from this future we may learn a profitable lesson. There are millions of persons whose characters are like unto Peter's when he denied his Lord. There are only a few who repent as sincerely as he did after his Lord had been crucified. There is no doubt that Peter, on discovering his weakness, determined to strengthen therein, and accomplished his determination: and when others ias ruined the happiness of many homes and made its inmates narrow and selfish—should never take possession of a Christian's heart; for where the true spirit of Christ reigns, there will exist ^ove, charity, peace, forgiveness, and all the heavenly graces that tend to develop the true character. The golden rule will be the Christian's guide instead of selfishness; and we shall find that as, step by step, we ascend the hill of progression, to be a Christian is to be a savior. Don't criticise. — Whatever you do, never set up for a critic. I don't mean a newspaper one—some people are obliged to earn a living that way— but in private life, in the domestic circle, in society. It will not do any one any good, and it will do you harm—if you mind being called disagreeable. If you don't like any one's nose, or object to any one's chin, don't put your feelings into words. If any one's manners don't please you, remember your own. People are not all made to suit one taste ; recollect that. Take things as you find them, unless you can alter them. Even a dinner, after it is swallowed, can't be made any better. Continual fault-finding, continual criticism of the conduct of this one, and the speech of that one, the dress of the other, and the opinions of the other, will make home the unhappiest place under the sun. If you are never pleased with any one, no one will ever be pleased with you. And if it is known you are hard to suit, few will take pains to suit you. [We copy the following from The DewDrop, a beautiful little sheet, published at Shaker Village, N. H. As it is the only rival The Shaker has, we are happier for thus noticing it. It is printed anonymously, a favorite pastime with the people there, but it may be had by addressing itself, as above, enclosing a two cent stamp.] Be a Christian. In journeying through this life, long or short as it may be, the highest ambition, and greatest desire of the mind should be to become a Christian ; not after the common acceptance of the term, which is often a mere profession, but the inward life should be so «guided by the spirit of Christ, that no evil thing would iind a place of abode therein. The spirit of retaliation—an evil that