Theological Questions Answered ' Do you not believe that Jesus was an atonement for the sins of all who have believed, and all who may believe in him as such?' g. d. w. As Shakers, we do not so believe \ although some who are now living cirumspect Shaker lives have not yet fully persuaded themselves to the contrary. We believe Jesus atoned for the mistakes of Jesus, if he made any ; or, if he made none, illustrated how each might atone for his or her own misdeeds. The grand feature of Jesus was not as a proxy, but as an exemplar ; by which others, seeing his good works and godly life, might 'go and do likewise.' Herein, alone, is the index to true atonement. ' What was the mission of Jesus, while on earth ? '—Ibid. To save all who would be his people from the necessity of committing sin— by setting an example for all who would be his disciples, by which even the temptations to sin would become numbered among the circumstances that were, but are no more. Jesus never even intimated that he came to save people from the penalty of wrong actions committed. 'According to your works, so shall your reward be.' ' What is your opinion of baptism ? ' A. Seeley. We have a very sacred opinion of it. Without it there is no Christ, nor work of Christ in the soul. The baptisms of John were good, as a figure to the baptism which was an antitype—the baptism of fire and the holy spirit. Immersions, and sprinkling of water by the priests, may well be classed with the sacrificial overtures of the Jews and heathen. But far better is that inward baptism that convicts (teaches what is wrong) and converts (turns from sinful ways). We have no confidence in any baptism, conversion, nor church-membership that does not speak a reform to a better life. ' Do you think the married can never go to heaven ? ' c. s. t. That necessitates a question from us. Heaven means a happy condition ; and there may be many who are very happy in marriage. If marriage is no barrier to your highest conception of and desire for heaven, then you should marry ; for the Jews thought so of old before Christianity was broached. But do not think of living in the heavenly condition of Jesus, nor of Christians, while marriage is your highest ideal of happiness. True christjans do not condemn marriage, but live higher and better than it permits. Do not mistake us 38 THE SHiiKEE. 29 in this : Marriage is good in its place— in the world—good ' for the children of the world ! ' But there is a life as far above the happiness of marriage as the heaven of Jesus is above the reproductions of Adam. Are you now happy in marriage? 'Is not the Shaker cross very unwillingly borne?' A. V. Secor. My dear Secor: You will be surprised when I tell you that a faithful Shaker, by bearing his cross against 'the lusts of the flesh and of the mind,' enjoys a satisfaction and justification daily, which he would not exchange for all your pleasures of the flesh ! A Shaker not only bears the crosses assigned him willingly, but finds it far easier than to engage in any or all sensual pleasures. In fact, relieve a Shaker from bearing the crosses of his faith, and you put him in hell immediately. You are mistaken. It would be very difficult, if not impossible, to induce a Shaker to resign his cross, for he has worn out its unpleasantness, [and it is now his crown of glory. 'When will the Shakers give up the idea of Christ's duality?' Andrew Judson. Never ; at least, not ' So long^as sun and stars give light, And Reason sways her scepter bright.' There are, and are to be, female Christs as really as Jesus became Christ. Christ means anointed ; and of the saviors that shall yet rise up on Mt. Zion, we opine the majority will be female Christs. ' What proportion of those who become Shakers, remain so through life?' J. D. Although not a theological query, we answer: Every one, without exception, who loves the life Jesus lived better than gross or refined sensuality. Young man, as soon as 'you are able,' not before, you had better become a candidate of Christianity, ' for the kingdom of heaven's sake.' 'Can you advise me, as a Christian, to relinquish my love and faith in the man Jesus, and to rely on my own efforts for salvation?' E. Stacy. Our conscience commands us to advise no such thing. We do advise, a a Christian, that you love Jesus more than you have ; and with an increase of genuine love, will be an uncontrollable desire to live like him. Whatever we really love and worship we will strive to be like. We grow in the likeness of God, or the god our lives worship. Our fault-finding, is that people do not love Jesus sufficiently, nor have sufficient faith in him, to aid them in doing the work every man and woman must do for himself and herself.*