CORRESPONDENCE Pleasant Hill, Ky., Feb. 20 Dearly beloved brother—G. A. Lomas: After expressing my thanks for your zealous and persevering labors of love, in defence and support of our glorious cause, I present as a brief apology for my protracted silence, the throng of duties consequent upon the heavy loss we sustained by fire, and other adversities not convenient now to enumerate, the preponderance of which has fallen upon the writer, in which his time is closely occupied. In a. concise correspondence with the dear friends of Canterbury, N. H., we men. tioned the demise of our very worthy and beloved Elder Thomas Shain, in the eightyfourth year of his age, by-which it found its way into our precious literary gem, The Shaker. I then thought it unnecessary to write any further on the subject; but learning since that as it transpired so suddenly, there was some anxiety abroad to hear the particulars of the case, we thought it would be proper to explain the sad event, which, though it may be prized as a blessing to him, has deprived us of his useful and muchneeded help in things spiritual and temporal. It is believed the primary cause of his death was a fall from his horse, occasioned by a splint of the fence catching in the stirrup, which threw him to the ground before he could check the horse, his head striking the turnpike road, producing a concussion of the brain. He walked home, a quarter of a mile, and was confined to his room a week or two, but revived enough to ride out over the premises, perhaps too soon, and was again taken down with vomiting, when paralysis ensued, which soon proved fatal. We could say much touching the long, useful, and exemplary life of our beloved brother and earnest toiler in the Christian cause, in which he enlisted in his youthful days, and consecrated his whole life to God, never faltering while life was spared; but as we perceive your views accord with our own on the subject that lengthy obituaries would not be expedient, we refrain. But we deeply regret the loss of so substantial a pillar at this time. Dear friend, we enjoyed a rich feast of good things with our beloved ministry of Mount Lebanon while on their western tour, whose ministrations were with demonstrations of power in the holy spirit. Their gift of quick perception enabled them to readily comprehend the situation and direct their labor ot love where most needed for the protection, blessing, and prosperity of Zion. It is to be hoped that their words of wisdom, their admonitions, and their living testimonies may long live in the hearts of their children in this branch of Zion, and bring forth the fruits of righteousness and peace an hundred fold. Concerning our temporalities : After the fire that destroyed our barn and other buildings, we went to work as soon as we could make the necessary arrangements, to rebuild in part, and the barn, including horse and cow stables, was ready to be occupied in just three months after the fire. We have since added a wagon-shed and crib. We were very opportune in stabling the stock the first cold night of a severe spell of weather at that early season. And when it moderated, got up the crib and shed just in time to escape a deep snow and one of the severest spells of weather ever experienced here; during which protracted cold the thermometer frequently ranged below zero,—at one time 120 below. It has, in our remembrance, been lower, but the cold was not so protracted. This may sound like child's play compared with your climate, but it was literally awful for us ! The weather is now quite mild; but we find all the tender fruits destroyed in the bud, including peaches, cherries, plums, etc., our principal preserving fruits, except strawberries. Dear friend, we had been talking of sending for some copies of ' Plain Talks,' if any were to be had, and were pleased to learn they were to be reprinted, as we think it the best document for sincere inquirers, for genral circulation, and a good home instructor. We shall be pleased to have our order filled for two hundred copies. * * * A wail of hard times and dull business goes up from all parts of our great country, in which, of course, we are included; and our rebuilding has so exhausted our available means that we shall have to suspend business till we can recuperate our finances a little. The religious element in this part of the world is a scarce article, and it is difficult to find all the subscribers we want for our precious missionary, The Shaker, because, instead of bringing peace to their order, it brings ' rather division,' being a minister of Christ, whom they yet reject as did the Jews of old ; but the flood will eventually overtake them. We are pleased, however, to find our friends from the ' evergreen shores ' visiting' our children and youth of late, which is having some good effect; and may the Lord prosper the good work, is our fervent prayer. In love unbounded and ever-renewing fo all, and do not fail to impart from our order to the good ministry. Your brother and fellowlaborer in the cause of truth, B. B. DUNLAVY