CORRESPONDENCE Pleasant Hill, Ky., Feb. 20 Dearly beloved brother—G. A. Lomas: After expressing my thanks for your zealous and persevering labors of love, in defence and support of our glorious cause, I present as a brief apology for my protracted silence, the throng of duties consequent upon the heavy loss we sustained by fire, and other adversities not convenient now to enumerate, the preponderance of which has fallen upon the writer, in which his time is closely occupied. In a. concise correspondence with the dear friends of Canterbury, N. H., we men. tioned the demise of our very worthy and beloved Elder Thomas Shain, in the eightyfourth year of his age, by-which it found its way into our precious literary gem, The Shaker. I then thought it unnecessary to write any further on the subject; but learning since that as it transpired so suddenly, there was some anxiety abroad to hear the particulars of the case, we thought it would be proper to explain the sad event, which, though it may be prized as a blessing to him, has deprived us of his useful and muchneeded help in things spiritual and temporal. It is believed the primary cause of his death was a fall from his horse, occasioned by a splint of the fence catching in the stirrup, which threw him to the ground before he could check the horse, his head striking the turnpike road, producing a concussion of the brain. He walked home, a quarter of a mile, and was confined to his room a week or two, but revived enough to ride out over the premises, perhaps too soon, and was again taken down with vomiting, when paralysis ensued, which soon proved fatal. We could say much touching the long, useful, and exemplary life of our beloved brother and earnest toiler in the Christian cause, in which he enlisted in his youthful days, and consecrated his whole life to God, never faltering while life was spared; but as we perceive your views accord with our own on the subject that lengthy obituaries would not be expedient, we refrain. But we deeply regret the loss of so substantial a pillar at this time. Dear friend, we enjoyed a rich feast of good things with our beloved ministry of Mount Lebanon while on their western tour, whose ministrations were with demonstrations of power in the holy spirit. Their gift of quick perception enabled them to readily comprehend the situation and direct their labor ot love where most needed for the protection, blessing, and prosperity of Zion. It is to be hoped that their words of wisdom, their admonitions, and their living testimonies may long live in the hearts of their children in this branch of Zion, and bring forth the fruits of righteousness and peace an hundred fold. Concerning our temporalities : After the fire that destroyed our barn and other buildings, we went to work as soon as we could make the necessary arrangements, to rebuild in part, and the barn, including horse and cow stables, was ready to be occupied in just three months after the fire. We have since added a wagon-shed and crib. We were very opportune in stabling the stock the first cold night of a severe spell of weather at that early season. And when it moderated, got up the crib and shed just in time to escape a deep snow and one of the severest spells of weather ever experienced here; during which protracted cold the thermometer frequently ranged below zero,—at one time 120 below. It has, in our remembrance, been lower, but the cold was not so protracted. This may sound like child's play compared with your climate, but it was literally awful for us ! The weather is now quite mild; but we find all the tender fruits destroyed in the bud, including peaches, cherries, plums, etc., our principal preserving fruits, except strawberries. Dear friend, we had been talking of sending for some copies of ' Plain Talks,' if any were to be had, and were pleased to learn they were to be reprinted, as we think it the best document for sincere inquirers, for genral circulation, and a good home instructor. We shall be pleased to have our order filled for two hundred copies. * * * A wail of hard times and dull business goes up from all parts of our great country, in which, of course, we are included; and our rebuilding has so exhausted our available means that we shall have to suspend business till we can recuperate our finances a little. The religious element in this part of the world is a scarce article, and it is difficult to find all the subscribers we want for our precious missionary, The Shaker, because, instead of bringing peace to their order, it brings ' rather division,' being a minister of Christ, whom they yet reject as did the Jews of old ; but the flood will eventually overtake them. We are pleased, however, to find our friends from the ' evergreen shores ' visiting' our children and youth of late, which is having some good effect; and may the Lord prosper the good work, is our fervent prayer. In love unbounded and ever-renewing fo all, and do not fail to impart from our order to the good ministry. Your brother and fellowlaborer in the cause of truth, B. B. DUNLAVY Nicholville, N. Y., Feb. 20, 1877 Dear Friend Briggs : To you, as the publisher of The Shaker, and to the united societies of Shakers, I do hereby tender my heartfelt thanks for the official monthly, called The Shaker. * ** * I have carefully read every number of the last year, every article therein, by which I have obtained a more thorough knowledge of your moral and religious positions as a Christian community than I ever had before. In 1829, I was a member of the New Hampshire legislature; and one Saturday, after adjournment, myself and two others,—John Kent and John Peavey of Barnstead,—walked from Concord to your place, a distance of twelve miles, and tarried in the society until Monday, attending your meetings on Sunday, and were treated as kindly as if members of the society. There is no other community of worshipers of God whose character for honesty, sincerity, and uprightness stands so high in the estimation of the public of the nineteenth century, through the length and breadth of our land, as does that of your people. Free from the abominations so common in the world, satisfied to labor in your modest, unassuming methods, which are very worthy of imitation. There is an economy in your system that all should know of; and that is that your earnings are not expended for useless ornaments of dress and buildings, so common for show, but without benefit. Had I known as much about the Shakers years ago as after reading last year's volume, I can hardly tell you what the consequences may have been. I am very happy to realize that there are such good people in America as the Shakers ; and in my eighty-ninth year I happily, thankfully subscribe myself your well-wisher, while wishing the utmost God-speed to The Shaker. Samuel Newell Shakers, N. Y., March 1, 1877 Editor Shaker: The article in the February Shaker upon ' The Shaker Covenant,' clearly defining our obligations as a community to stand unflinchingly in its support, not only meets my warm approval, but I do not see how it could have been materially im- proved. None of us can deny the binding force of this sacred compact upon us, as members of our societies. And our obedience thereto, or our non-compliance with it, determines whether we shall stand or fall by it, from the Christian standard. Its justness is clearly manifested, in that it controls each and all alike; and if delegating superiority to any, it is upon the gospel principle, 'let him be servant of all.' Our rights are all secure, so long as this covenant remains in full force; and no privileged class can exercise an unchristian power upon any, but all are bound to the most unselfish brotherhood by its wise provisions. But there is great danger, beloved editor, as believers in our faith grow in the wealth of this world's goods, that selfishness and a worldly ambition for place and power may seek to exercise an unShaker dominion over the weaker brethren. A vast amount of trouble may be made or avoided by carefully studying your excellent treatise upon this subject, and guiding our conduct thereby. Man naturally loves to exercise authority over his fellows; and if he is not brought under Christian influences, becomes oppressive by a little brief power. Aware of this fact, let us jealously guard our sacred charter against any entering wedge that ignores the golden rule and the rights of all the brotherhood. Thanking you for the ringing clearness of that article, I am yours, Orrin Beaver N. A. Briggs, publisher—Dear Sir: Please find sixty cents inclosed for The Shaker, for 1877. Have you last year's numbers for sale, and at what price? The Lord bless your paper and the good work it is doing. May the Lord use it as an instrument to bring souls to Christ; that they may take the waters of life freely, and be thereby saved from their sins, is the prayer of your brother in Christ. L. A. Burns Leominster, Mass. Louisville, Ky., Feb. 15, 1877 Dear Bro. Eades: I have this day received another evidence of your kindness in the welcome visit of that highly-prized periodical, The Shaker. I recognize my indebtedness to you for its regular visits, which afford me so much instruction, refresh my spiritual man, point me to a purer, higher life, and elevate my aspirations above that sordid and sensual plane upon which humanity plods its weary way to the grave. I feel that I cannot sufficiently thank you for having placed that periodical in my hands. But for you its existence might have been unknown to me, and I would have been deprived of that valuable information which I receive from its columns, It is no ordinary periodical, intended to advocate mere selfish human interests. It isnot set for the defence of worldly organizations, founded for the acquisition of worldly honors,~\ emoluments, or personal aggrandizements ; but it is a harbinger of the reign of peace, purity, and true holiness; and I earnestly wish it may find its way into every professed Christian home ; that it will reach thousands of firesides, where at present it is unknown. You will excuse me for saying that with all due deference to the judgment of the publisher, I think the selection of the present quarto form instead of octavo was injudicious, and is regretted by many friends of the periodical. Its present form makes it very ephemeral, and from being frequently folded and unfolded in its perusal, it is soon and easily worn out, and few of its subscribers have an opportunity of reading the pages a second time, though much of its matter is worthy of being read many times, and preserved in a bound volume. In its present shape it would make, if bound, a large, cumbersome, and unhandy volume of 11 1-2 by 15 inches. By changing the form to an octavo it would be 7 1-2 by 11 inches. It might then be read and laid aside for subsequent perusals previous to being bound. * * * I make these suggestions only on account of my high appreciation of the work, and my firm belief that the matter contained in it is worthy of frequent perusal; and will make any man or woman better, who shall diligently study its teachings, and act upon the principles inculcated therein. Present my kind regards to Elder Jno. R. Cooper, and believe me to be fraternally thine, J. H. B. Elder H. L. Eades. [We would make all Kentucky stare if we should print the above initials in full name— and we do not care for the stare particularly; but hope that The Shaker may find its way into a good many more homes in Kentucky, and be as highly appreciated as by this highly-honored individual, equally well by state and nation! Ed.]