Bitter, but Wholesome RICHARD FLETCHER The festive holidays in New York city had clouds whose dark side we must look at in spite of the transient, surface merriment of the masses. 'Child frozen to death in the public street.' Not merry talk at the breakfast table. Some say the passers-by were all to blame; others that they did just right to hurry by,—plenty of their own to provide for,— careless alms-giving makes matters worse; others still, that liquor-sellers must answer for this and a thousand daily cases of ' man's inhumanity to man.' Now, what right, human or divine, have people coolly, voluntarily to add to the drifting, useless, shiftless swarms of beings that disgrace the name of humanity? Face the sad fact, look at the dark side a moment, that we may learn truth sweeter than sensual pleasure, more lasting than holiday merriment. Is America to be a land of hopeless poverty? This question is a serious one for to-day,—not to be put off to the future, when it may be a problem for civil war to settle. Humanity is somewhat ' off the track.' All admit it. It might be worse. Thank God, the bridge is not broken yet! The sooner the passengers get out of the lazy, shaky risky seats, and lend willing hands to th work of private and public reform, the soon er humanity's train will be ' on ' again, anc the bridge of redemption will hold if we do our part. Laugh and jeer as people do at the mere mention of self-denial, society's best lesson :o-day is this same curbing of all useless, iotous desires of the senses and intellect. ^he man or woman who learns to control one single desire within bounds, so that it oes not run away with sober judgment of what he or she knowis to be right, noble, aealthy, useful, will receive strength to rule over mightier forces than brutal armies. £ven our strongest propensities,—too often worthy the name of 'passions,'—can be aeld from their willful, natural courses, and urned to nobler work. Thus only can God's first beautiful, orderly plan be brought back. Self-denial for individuals is the very spirit of Christianity. If more of it were with us, it would indeed work like a 'holy' spirit, which is prayed for so much, and grieved away by unholy deeds. Do people never think of a more radical cure for pauperism, and milder forms of soverty, disease, and degeneration than almsgiving? Or are they afraid to advise unucky mortals, who are morally and physically unworthy of multiplying God's image, :o abstain? Afraid to, because they know aow all unworthily they live themselves ? Some may reply in the words of Dickens' Christmas ghost: ' Why should one speck of animated dust complain of the too-much ife among the hungry brothers on myriad leaves around ?' At first thought, true, it does look like disrespect, almost blasphemy, to find fault with increasing population. For does not the Infinite give souls to earthcaskets, and what have mortals to say about it? Would that there are no worse ways of checking population than the total abstinence called celibacy! Is it honoring God to think he cannot give immortal life—souls —to better earthly forms than many specimens we see? ' But,' say some; 'your plan is too radical. Humanity must gradually work into better conditions.' How can it, unless some few people commence thorough home-work ? Nay, radical cures are needed. Reform will be slow enough among the masses anyway. So let thoughtful ones reflect on the signs of the times, especially on present bodily health, comparing with the past, and ask, 'Are coming generations likely to inherit an average standard of health ? or more, or less ? ' For on healthy bodies depend the well-balancing of minds and the progress of soullife. Once, a mere handful of persons were all in the world who were able to understand, even partially, the wholesome, sin-cleaning spirit of Christ's testimony. Not many, now, know the fullness of meaning which the light of to-day unfolds from the everripening teachings of the New Testament. We are called upon to live higher, Christian lives than the world was able to grasp an idea of, a few centuries ago. One strong proof is in the physical degeneration of the race. Religion that does not control the most important vital function of men and women is worse than no religion. THE SHAKER. Moody revivals do not reach the root of the worst sins among the people. Sad, sad is the need, as honest physicians can tell, of some motive strong enough to turn man's appetites and passions to a nobler work than dishonoring God's gifts of immortality with poor, imperfect, imbecile, lust-consumed tenements of clay. Consumptives are kept from spreading their misfortunes among posterity, as far as common-sense can rule over passion in general society. Why should not many other forms of hereditary disease and deformity be cut off by noble, honest sacrifice of carnal lives ? Let unlucky heirs of the sins of parents and grandparents take up crosses like followers of Christ, and say : ' We will do what we can to check the increase of sin that threatens the coming twentieth century more than the nineteenth.' This is the call to large numbers to-day. Happy are souls who give up carnal, selfish lives for any good motive; for they receive the promised hundred-fold, and grow toward divine life, with a joy the world knows not of. Sonyea, N. T.