Organization of Spiritualists The Shaker has no ill-will toward spiritualists of our own country, nor of other lands. The constantly-recurring evidences of courtesy from the columns of the spiritualistic press in behalf of our medium, leave us without an excuse for uttering a word of unpleasant criticism upon its almost universal position of organization. Our strictures must be considered, therefore, as an earnest for its welfare, and for the milions for which it continues to live so healthily. It is pretty generally known that The Shaker is the organ of the earliest organization of the most spirit ual body of spiritualists in our country or that has existed as such an organiza tion since the days of Pentecost. Our organization is eighty-five years of age ; and its every pulse-beat tending to an increase of organization, has meant a stronger, purer, unselfish spiritualism. For twenty-five years we have admired the opposition of spiritualists generally, to any suggestion of organization, upon bases that formed the foundation of the popular churches; and the spiritualistic press is worthy of all praise for its continued persistence in thus encouraging its people. A few months since, a large congregation of spiritualists met at Philadelphia, among which wei'e found some of the leading, and most worthy lights of that unorganized persuasion of spiritualism, known as 'modern.' The object of the meeting was for organization, upon a basis of deeper¦, genuine spiritualism than the body had known before; and which was there declared as a positive necessity, to keep within the fold those who had been faithful members, but who were leavening back to the old arks from which they once had departed, a sincerely and suddenly as Abraham ever left his kindred, or Lot and his family went out from Sodom. There is no doubt le proper time had come for their oranization ; that the proper parties had nere met for this purpose ; and that most properly did they report a basis which any and all of the popular hurches of all lands could pattern to heir greatly increased spiritual benefit. STone of the old saws of theology were embodied in the reported constitution ; and we remember of reading the resoutions with much pleasure, as being good grounds for abandoning further opposition to organization. Again the press of the persuasion raised a warning cry, and particularly vented anathemas against the admission of '•^Christian' as denning '•''spiritual'sts.' One by one, however, this press las abandoned opposition to organizaion, but seem desirous of a new deal n resolutions ; the formation of a new, and, to us, most indefinite and impossi}le platform to organize upon. The Banner of Lights and ReligioPhilosophical Journal, two mostwidey known and respected journals of spiritualism, seem to have due appreciation that mediumistic impostors are abundant, that honest mediums are persecuted, that 'social freedom' overrides morality and purity; and that many of the best educated and more reigiously inclined spiritualists have connected themselves with liberal, Christian denominations. Yet these, and other periodicals, have just roused up from a Rip Van Winkle-like sleep, to come out zealously for organization. But the motto—the platform—a plan upon which they propose to found and organize a church, would excite our pity more, if it did not make us laugh! Here it is—all there is of it—all! 'think for yourself and express that THOUGHT! FREE THOUGHT WILL GIVE US TRUTH ! ! ' ' Precisely so, says the atheist of Paris, and the mormon of Utah. This may be an effort to organize spiritualists, with spiritualism left out—without any admission of communion of spirits ! Think of it; spiritualists trying to organize their scattering forces without a recognition of God, of Christ, of morality ! without any recognition of repentance, of confession of their sins, or a communion, and communication with their superiors in the world of spirits ! The plan may be proper with atheists, deists, radicals, religion-haters, and a few spiritualists, but what will J. M. Peebles, Dr. Watson, A. J. Davis, Nellie T. Brigham, Dr. Child, and a host of other spiritualists, say of it? In a former article, we expressed our disappointment in spiritualists. We had hoped they never would organize uiftil they could agree upon a basis that was less earthly, more spiritual, fuller of brotherhood and stronger in the bond of love than the organizations of the Shakers; and when we read of the spiritual platform arranged in Philadelphia, we still had hope. For realizing, that though it was not uas strait as straitness,' nor 'pure as the heavens,' it tended largely that way, and to lift spiritualists up, and out of themselves and selfishness ; and until this resurrection takes place, spiritualists will continue to wear the swaddling clothes of its childhood, while thoughts and talks of its growth into more genuine spirituality will be all bosh ! The spiritualism of the Shakers is none too intense, neither approaches too near the life of the heavens ; and until our spiritualistic friends determine to excel the Shakers in angelic occupations of body and soul, they had better live here, as spiritually as they do. Until they take some course more radically spiritual than the platform noted above, the decimation of their ranks will be hailed with joy by the old systems which they once so gladly forsook, and toward which they never more can give faithful adherence.