Christian Culture. No. 2 KNOWLEDGE. Knowledge in the human being is the foundation of all culture—physical, mental, and moral. It is so intimately connected with all true thought that it is impossible for the one to exist without the other. The Infinite possesses infinite knowledge, and hence devises and executes all his plans with unerring certainty. Man is limited in all his faculties, and necessarily limited in his knowledge, and thus liable to errors. There is no necessity of supposing a self-existing devil or principle of evil to account for the zigzag course of mankind ever since its existence upon the earth. Ignorance in the beginning may be the cause of early faults and mistakes, and the effects of early mistakes trans mitted may and do form proclivities to still other faults, proceeding in an increasing ratio, unless checked by some superior power. Knowledge is not the saving principle, yet it must precede the internal power that checks, restrains, and delivers. Whoever invoked God that had no idea of God ? Conscience, the internal monitor that warns, reproves, or approves, takes its name from the fact that knowledge is always its attendant when it is in its normal condition. The more extensive an^ accurate the knowledge of duty, when the judgment is well-poised, the greater the power felt of obligations to duty. An unenlightened conscience — if that is not a misnomer—has been the originator of unnumbered wrongs done in the name of conscience—wrongs of the most aggravated character. It is true, there are those ' who know their duty and do it not.' Many are accomplished villains, polished scoundrels, who avail themselves of their knowledge of law the more effectually to evade law. But where must the blame be laid—upon knowledge itself, or the moral condition of the individual person ? Perversity of character may turn the very best of blessings to curses. A broad assertion respecting knowledge has been ascribed to the Apostle Paul,— 'Knowledge puffeth up.'—/. Corinthians, viii. 1. But our English translators are responsible for that rather than Paul. If they had rendered the two words, he gnosis, in the first verse as they did the very same words in the seventh verse, ' that knowledge,' they would have made the statement particular rather than general, as Paul did. The apostle evidently alluded to some in the Corinthian church who had much self-satisfaction in their knowledge that there is but one God, and could therefore eat with impunity the meats offered in sacrifice to idols, without regard to their weaker brother who was still influenced by his former superstitions. They were 'puffed up' with their knowledge instead of possessing the ' love which edifies.' It was a just reproof given them, ' that they knew nothing yet' respecting Christian love, ' as they ought to have known.' There is much in the world that passes under the name of knowledge which is not really such. It is found in connection with theology, medicine, jurisprudence, and science, generally. The doctor of divinity professes to be teacher of sacred things; the doctor of medicine claims to know somethink about human health and disease; the doctor of laws to be acquainted with the methods that should regulate human society, or with the laws pertaining to the physical universe; but, compared with the vast fields that yet lie unexplored, how little do they all know! And, if they sift from the mass of what appertains to their several departments that which they positively know, what heaps of rubbish remain ! The fact of their ignorance is made very evident by the want of harmony among those who listen, week after week, and year after year, to those who profess to teach divine truths; by the vast amount of disease still existing even where physicians are most numerous; and the discords that still prevail in spite of the efforts of politicians, statesmen, and rulers generally to govern the world. What, then ? Has nothing been gained to repay the time and labor spent in making the vast accumulations displayed in those several departments of human effort? Not so. Truth is evolved from error. It has made its appearance, little by little, all along. First the seeming and then the real. Man's resurrection is nothing more than a succession of steps from the lowest depths of earth to the sun-lit realms of the highest heavens. Something can and will be acquired all along the way. It matters not, though the process be slow, if the ultimate acquisition be sure. The divine forces are ever active, and have already formed a world of wondrous beauty and splendor. Yet there are deserts here and there; and, if we would see them 'rejoice and blossom as the rose,' human efforts, conjoined with human wisdom,^must unite with divine power to bring about the glorious consummation. The streams from the river of life must be directed wherever they are needed to produce the desired fertility. If there are inequalities throughout, then so much more the need of knowledge to convey the waters over hillock and hill, as well as through ravine and valley.