THE CHILDREN'S GROTTO Again, dear children, I sit down, with an exceeding pleasure, to have a talk with you. I say exceeding, because I have received very flattering evidences from some of you, and your friends, that I am doing good thereby. Let us talk of Thoughts. Do you know that thoughts are real things? that they have an existence as really as trees, flowers, birds and men ? There are things that are thoughtless ; but there are few or no animals but have thoughts. The steam engine, the waterwheel, the wind-mill, etc., are powerful, but cannot think. But thinking beings made these and all other machinery, to aid the development of thought. Once, the steam engine, as all other mechanical and artistic arrangements, was as chaotic as thousands of inventions yet unthought of. Our thoughts at first, may be compared to stores of crude material, out of which we take a mind-full, as of clay we take a handful; and of our mind-full of material, we can form figures fair or foul, just as we please. Knowing this, my children, I am anxious you should always make good images from the much thoughtmaterial at your command. When you make a thought, it becomes an image of some kind, and we call it imagination—which being defined, means, the act of making images. Now let us discover where our actions come from. Before we act at any time, we necessarily think how we shall act. Some of you may be prompted by your experiences to unfavorably criticise this; for, you may ask: 'Does not a boy or girl sometimes act without thinking?' To which I reply: Never! Too commonly, we all act without sufficient maturity in our plans of thought—without due consideration. Now, as we must first :hink before we can act, then let us carefully train our modes of thinking, and our deeds and words will illustrate this thought-training. Who thinks only good thoughts, always speaks and acts goodness! Every word we speak, every little or large act we perform, every good and every evil we speak or do— all are formed in the mind, mapped out ere they are committed ! Sometimes, we pause, consider, make a new image, mark out a new course, and do differently—because we remodeled our intentions. All the causes of good and ill feeling lie within the limits of our thought-factory—in our imaginations. STow for the application, children: Make good thoughts, beautiful pictures of the mind, and beauty, and love, and blessing will De the certain fruits. Resolve not to make up an unworthy figure to think upon; not to ;hink angrily, uncleanly, jealously, enviously, avariciously. Resolve to be noble men and women! manufacturers of godly thoughts-images we know that God looks on with pleasure. Would you resist evil temptations ? Deny them formation in your mind; for, when you have made evil images, and permit yourselves to worship or admire them, jrour heart is getting ready for the full act of commission of sin! Now, dear children, think how great is your power, if you deny to yourselves the practices of making evil thoughts. A little child, in this self-denial and at the time when plans of mischief are laid, has more power for good, than the giant intellects, who, failing to work in the mind, for proper guidance of imaginations, become the subjects of the worst of tyrants— the passions! Kind Editor: I read your article to ' youth and children' in the last number of our paper, at the opening of school as soon as in my possession. The children seemed to appreciate the paternal advice ; and Henry Clough has written his thanks, and the expression of our little school. You will accept it as a purely original letter, and know, should you feel to give him any advice, it will be acceptable. He seemed afraid I might alter the letter somewhat, and thus I gave entire place to his expanding, manly powers, knowing the keen eye of the editor would detect any blunder; and should he offer amendments it might do quite as much good as though from one who has the constant discipline. With many thanks for past favors, and especially those kind words to we little folks, I subscribe myself your humble sister, Emma J. Neal Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Mt. Lebanon, Feb. 14, 1877 Dear brother Albert : As soon as the February number of The Shaker was committed to our keeping, my eyes fell upon the beautiful piece, entitled, 'The Children's Grotto,' 'Talks to youth and children.' Perusing it, I could not refrain from thanking the author. Such considerations for the young, should not and cannot (by the thoughtful) pass unnoticed, among believers or by others. Being one of those fortunate, or unfortunate boys, possessed of much life, I am capable of making things rattle a little sometimes, and perhaps when I ought not to. But there is life in children as you remark, and it must come out one way or another. I have read your article several times, but will do more than read; I will impress it on my mind and mould my actions by the principles it contains. I really wonder a brother, having so many things to occupy your mind, and things that are above childhood too, could spend time to have such an interesting ;alk with us; and so we have reason to be :hankful for this also. I may not appreciate your remarks as deepy in my ignorant condition, as in riper years, but hope to show an increasing appreciation by my future deportment. I am not alone in appreciating your sentiments, but many others of my schoolmates lave resolved to discipline ourselves that we may make agreeable and useful men at some iuture date. In love and respect I subscribe myself, Henry Clough