What is Duty? ABRAHAM PERKINS For a very long time my mind has been exercised upon the condition of our Zion; how the gospel of Christ was maintained by our spiritual fathers and mothers ; how, unto the present time, it has been perpetuated and its powers preserved ; and how, by the present and coming generations, it is to be supported and preserved inviolate, free from the impurities and amalgamations of human influences and worldly principles. The effects of the demoralizing influences of society, almost universally in all ranks of life, are largely realized; even in the quiet, peaceful, Christian Shaker church, so peculiarly characterized for its religious devotion, consecration, and sacrifice, the young and inexperienced are not unfrequently befogged and ruined ; and older members, superficially planted in gospel soil, correspondingly suffer from the blight and infection of the spirit of the times. The highly-revered testimonies of our church, ' Take no thought for the morrow,' and ' Live to-day as though you had a thousand years to live,' are in the letter conflicting; yet both have their valued significance, and in their significance and meaning a principle THE SHAKER. is involved. The idea of living only for today is contracted and selfish; it unveils lowmental conditions and discloses lack of judgment and absence of reason. Again, living principally for the future is miserly and inconsistent with reason. It deprives man of present enjoyment, and is eminently calculated to weaken the power of protection and destroy the basis of progress. The two principles of the foregoing quotations are as essential to promote the growth, development, increase, and prosperity of Zion, as it is necessary that the two great principles, conservatism and radicalism, should not be lost sight of, but should be faithfully cultivated and unremittingly maintained, if we would retain an unadulterated existence, and find an unfoldment of greater truths. As dear to us as have been the form and manner of ca:*rying out the order of our gospel institution, as transmitted to us by our spiritual leaders; as great sticklers as we have been to orthodoxy, for the maintenance of principle in the support of pure society relations; yet, as we find conditions, legitimate or illegitimate, so we must meet them, shaping our course as our wisdom will best subserve the object for which we labor most successfully, to meet the end and give justification to our own souls. The momentous question before us is,— What is. duty? The peace, the justification, and comforts of life hang upon this lesson; and however wantonly or superficially the subject is considered, future welfare is largely predicated upon present calculation, and present action. Although in a variety of forms, principle may be sustained ; yet under no circumstances can we depart from it in justification. This is a fundamental axiom. Change of condition often requires change of operation, but will never justify abandonment of principle. It may sometimes be in our power to control circumstances, by which we secure more favorable results. Napoleon the First, under a pressing trial, strove to impress this idea upon his generals ; to this principle of action were very much owing his success and prosperity in life; yet the poor man was sometimes amazingly misguided, and with all his talent, wisdom, shrewdness, and strength of intellect, he failed in the end, closing his days in misery and suffering, produced by miscalculation, stimulated by pride and unworthy ambition. From fruits of others' and personal experiences, we may learn lessons of wisdom ; or we may, by our conceit and selfishness, unprofitably and blindly toil, making life worse than a blank, ending in dishonor and shame, and emblazoned as a curse on the pages of history. Although this production may shed no light, may present no other than cogitations of a personal character, yet some may be able to indorse them as painful truths.