Discussion MARCIA E. HASTINGS Discussion and free thought seem to be occupying the platform more and more ; may it continue thus till error is swept away, and truth and right prevail. Discussion, and even contest, managed in a good, earnest, loving spirit, may be very profitable on many subjects ; but when the debate becomes so heated and strong as to merge into antagonism or total egotism, and unkindly dispute and wrangling, it might be well for the contestants to pause and take breath, imbibe a little more moderation and self-examination. Review the page to see if, in their ardor to win the mastery, they are urging their point consistently and to the enlightenment and conviction of other thinking minds ; or whether, in their earnestness to prevail, they are becoming a trifle vexed, (wrathy?) that their opponent does not readily see eye to eye with them and accept all their theory, (which they themselves on more mature deliberation may possibly see cause to change). Since no one writer for The Shaker, to our knowledge, assumes the superhuman position of infallibility of judgment or opinion, why should not each be willing to accord to others the same freedom of expression that he woulc reasonably claim for himself? How good and how pleasant it is for brethren to work together in unity ! that is, unity of purpose to secure the genuine metal, the true and the sound. We hope and trust that all our gooc brothers and sisters who are interestec in obtaining and diffusing light and true knowledge, will take heed to this matter, battle errors and wrongs with suitable weapons, and sharp, but be carefu not to hurt the oil or the wine. Let al communications be savored with love in the heart and Christian earnestness to do good and benefit others, (which course will also bring home benefit,) exercise the golden rule and cherish love anc kindly feelings towards all mankind and our little missionary may be the means of dispelling many clouds anc dispensing much blessing. With sin cere desire for the success of the enter prise and the prosperity of its managers, aids and many friends. Canterbury, N. H.