The Shaker CHAUNCY DIBBLE It is generally known that The Shaker was first issued at Shakers, ST. Y., by the direction of the leaders of 3ur institution, and under the supervision of its present editor. It is not commonly known that its introduction was attended by very many disadvantages, which required energetic efforts to surmount. To some of us, the undertaking appeared like running off the track—opening a door to controversy, heretical views, proselyting, etc. Notwithstanding these objections, and the censorious criticisms of those who predicted its failure, the little sheethasfound worthy, interested, qualified friends and supporters, who look hopefully, bej'ond the sordid policies of temporalities, to see the advancement of truth, peace, love, purity, and universal brotherhood. With these living gems, the pages of The Shaker are decked. Its every appearance is comely, cheerful, unassuming; yet. its simple truths of Christianity cannot be gainsaid. As a searcher after truth, it dares to grapple with a bigotry and superstition of almost infallible respectability. And if- it has dealt too freely and unfeelingly with some of our pet theories, may we not be enlightened, emancipated from the shackles of tradition, and have our faith more firmly grounded upon eternal truth, by its freedom of thought and expression ? If some errors have crept into its columns, it remains that these shall bear the crucible of increasing light, which The Universalists and Unitarians,who seem to be begging a privilege of felowship, are left out in the cold ; these, with the Catholics, the Quakers, the Shakers, and some others, are maintainng a ' respectable indifference.' The Jniversalists, especially, feel chafed. They were not invited to take part. 3oth Universalists and Unitarians think hey have a higher light, a more reasonable system of theology, but admit they aave allowed themselves to rest passivey in their higher knowledge, and that this indifference on their part may have caused the present upheaval. What position do believers hold before the world? Heirs of God and oint heirs with Christ? Fellow-citizens with the saints, and of the household of hey were forced along by the pressure of the thousands—every one determined o secure a seat. The writer reached the interior without injury, and gladly stepped aside to take breath. The mul:itudes were pouring into the building, hrough four entrances, more like wild leasts than human beings. Officers were at every corner, screaming their orders: ' Don't crowd ;' 'Go slow;' 'Pass along;' 'Keep to the right;' etc., etc., and, at the same time, brandishing their batons, which the crowd •egarded about as much as they would the buzz of a fly or the club of a pigmy. '. never experienced the like before, and would not care to again. It was a thundering of boot-heels, as they rushed into the church, walking, running, and even jumping over the chairs, each eager for the best place. Well, the wrriter obtained a seat, and heard all that was said and sung. As the papers publish so fully the words of the evangelist, I need not enlarge. But it is one thing to read the sermon in the paper, alone in the chimney-corner, anJ quite another to hear it spoken with the life and intense earnestness which a congregation of seven thousand must inspire in the soul of a determined man. Brother Moody did not impress me as a very spiritual man ; not as one chastened by the cross—crucified to the world—but rather the reverse. That he is earnest, and in sympathy with his work, no one can doubt; and he is evidently as much a servant of God in that revival as a Shaker may be in his quiet home. He writes, in one of his sermons, that ' the only way that death can be met is by death ;' and, perhaps, the only way for the world to be met is by one fully imbedded in the world ; hence, the fitness. Attila considered himself the 'scourge of God,' and was indeed terrible in his conquests. It required an Attila to do the work ; and when Brother Mood} denounces those who differ from him in theology, and says : 'A man who preaches a bloodless religion is doing the devil's work, and I don't care who he is!' This sounds very much like Satan quarreling with Satan. Everybody wants to hear Sankey sing, and his soul in singing, as well as Moody's soul in much plain-speaking attracts the crowd. If Sankey shoulc die to-day, I believe much less people would attend the meetings. THE SHAKER. prayerfullyus credit. -and the heavens will give ' Oh ! Zion, in thy fearful struggles With Error's galling chain, Can I behold thy strength go down, Or see thy beauty wane ? '