Are the Shakers Spiritualists? [From 'Plain Talks.'] We are the most radical spiritualists of our day. We are thoroughly convinced of spirit communication and interpositions, spirit guidance, and obsession. Our spiritualism has permitted us to converse, face to face, with individuals once mortals, some of whom we well knew, and with others born Defore the flood. All spiritual phenomena commonly occurring in the world had an inauguration among us, ong before the ' Rochester Rappings.' 3y our spiritualism we are become :onfirmed infidels to the foolish bodily 'esurrection theory; to the untrue and disappointing atonement doctrine ; to the monstrous trinity scheme ; to the cruel predestination belief, and all the man-made creeds of the popular churches professing Christianity. We are sure these things are untrue, and we have had hundreds of testimonies Tom those who, when in the body, were as firm in the belief of their verity as any can be now, but who were bitterly disappointed on arrival in the spirit world. We have progressed beyond mere physical phenomena to learn that these are very insignificant, cornDared with the truths leading to the ligher life of the spirit. ' Walk in the spirit, and not fulfill the lusts of the 3esh.' We ai-e preparing to enter the ranks of spirits who, before their departure from earth, or since, learned to practice the injunctions of Christianity, thorough self-denial to all sensual pleasures. Thousands there really need their bodies to be as happy as before death ; while tens of thousands obsess mortals here, that through the indulgence of their bodies in intemperance, tobacco, theft, trade, lusts of the eye, and the lascivious indulgence of the flesh, and the elements of anger, etc., they may and do obtain pleasures, which death has placed beyond their natural reach. Spiritualism is a light; let no one use it so that their light will become darkness. And let spiritualists not prostitute the name by living in the fruitful nor unfruitful works oi darkness, since they are called to be the children of light, and to be lifted up for a guide to their, as yet, not so favored brethren.