The Shakers The friends have often asked us to give our ideas about universal celibacy as promulgated and practiced by the Shakers. Without touching upon any other portions of the creed of this honest, industrious class of thinkers, our answer js that if what they promulgate is really the truest and best to live by, as they claim, then every human being in Christendom should adopt it; which, if they did, as a sequence, in about thirty-five years, the average of human life, there would not exist a human being on the face of the broad earth, with the exception of a few oldish^ 38 THE SHAKER. looking stragglers, who may have outlived the general average. Complete and total annihilation would be the inevitable result.— L. Judd Pardee, a spirit, in Voice of Angels. There is no doubt that Shakerism answers a wise purpose. There are features connected with the same that excite our admiration, and they surely have a beneficial effect on the outside world. Of course, no one supposes that the whole world will become converted to that faith. R. P. Journal. Thus again, we are called to add 'line upon line ' in regard to our testimony of celibacy. And this is not the only instance in which ' spirits in prison' have needed light on gospel economy. We believe the first of the above articles to be a genuine communication from the spirit-world, and it proves that spirits are only transferred mortals, and do not know very much more for the transfer. L. Judd Pardee is a spirit-editor. In this life, he knew fully as much of Shaker testimony as he appears now to know. Only a short time since, a life-long student of communism, a master-mind in logical deductions, wrote of the Shakers: ' Your reproductive organs are the offending members,' etc. This is wrong. We never have promulgated universal celibacy; and confine our preaching to those only 'who are able' so to live. This is reasonable. While we testify that the reproductive functions have been worst abused of any, it is not on this account that we abstain from their lower, primitive uses. If every engagement of them would produce a perfectly ' sound mind in a healthy body,' and these every child has a right to demand, and none other should be conceived nor born,—even then the practice is 'of the earth, earthy,' and has no part with ' the Lord from heaven,' is unworthy of Christ; and those who practice sexual indulgences and engage in reproductions are not Christians ! We have no controversy with worldly reproductions, per se. If they were better than they are, the gradation to a Shaker life therefrom would be easier and more plentiful. We practice celibacy, well-knowing that the vast majority of the world cannot be, is not fit to be candidatures of Shakerism ! We do not preach celibacy as right for all, very few of the all being worthy or capable of it. But we stand with outstretched hands to welcome all who 'are able, for the kingdom of heaven's sake,' to live like him who was the pattern of Christians,—a specimen of the heavens on earth. Who will accept our invitation ? And who will do us the justice, the right, to present us correctly before the world of readers? R. P. y., we thank you. L. Judd Pardee, spirits disembodied, and yet embodied, take notice, that we not only do not preach universal celibacy, but consider the number able and worthy to be candidates therefor, to be so few as scarcely to keep our organizations in healthy conditions ! And who is to blame? See 'Particular Notice' on page 34, this No. of The Shaker.