A Shaker on Moody and Sankey Beloved Elder Daniel Boler : You say, ' Write me, atter your return from Boston.' In that city I met Brother Elijah Myrick, and we attended one of the meetings in the Tabernacle. It was on Friday evening. The hall was filled with some six thousand men, women and children. There was a measure of satisfaction in finding so many assembled for religious teaching. It was not necessary that I should find fault with the manner in which the doctrine of salvation was presented. The world is filled with more or less of this light, and those who have it should let it shine. I was there to witness the light, and not to teach. On the platform were ministers, musicians, singers, and a liberal sprinkling of those who evidently came to see and be seen. Many, no doubt, were made better by the musical, as well as vocal prayers. On Saturday noon, we attended prayermeeting at the ' Meonian.' Several hundred people were in the hall. Our good minister, who directed the services, very kindly informed us that it was ordained from the foundation of the world that we should have just such a meeting as we were having that day. His inspiration, or intuition, whichever it may have been, pleabed me, as it warranted the establishing of the order to which we belong. There was not much that savored of prayer in this information ; neither did it do any harm. On Saturday afternoon, there was a meeting expressly for women, and no less than seven thousand tarried there for an hour of prayer and praise ; while hundreds, if not thousands, were obliged to enter the churches in the vicinity. The evening meeting was said to be expressly for men—and it was masculine in its every feature. They formed a crowd—an awful crowd—before the church door ; and I stood in that crowd full three fourths of an hour before the house was opened. There was laughing, loud talking, singing and swearing. The moment the doors were ajar, it was, in every sense, a jam. The passage-way was quite narrow, and those who were so unfortunate as to get against a post or door, were crying for relief, as the unreasonable thousands left them to their fate. There was no mercy before the church for either saint or sinner. No man walked into that tabernacle is ever and only shunned dv ignorance, superstition, and bigotry. An exchange of ideas is an improvement, intellectually and spiritually, to readers and writers, especially when the vindication of truth and refutation of error are aimed at. Let us see to it that The .Shaker lives well, grows, and preaches peace and goodwill to all men. We cannot afford to let it dwindle—the very stones should cry out! Its decadence would cast a cloud upon minds now illumed in our own circle, and deprive sincere inquirers of the best means of information in regard to our principles—which is now being so generously dispensed through its columns. Let us, gospel and liberal friends, contribute to the maintenance of The Shaker in every way open toour influence—financially,intellectuallyf God? All at peace, at rest. ' I tell you,' said James, 'that if those should hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out.' But I will not enlarge. I spent one day in Newburyport. The revival meetings in that place still continue. The interest is largely theological, rather than practical. They are for the promulgation of the atonement, the blood of Jesus, and endless punishment. How sad to know that so many are becoming freshly inoculated with doctrines so objectionable—untrue — while a better, far better, lies hid in a napkin. Several of the New England cities and villages are much interested in the present revival. A great deal of work is being done—work which requires self-abnegation, as well as religious zeal. While we may not be able to commend the course which is adopted, nor to endorse the dogmas which are promulgated, we should be the last of all religious bodies to cast an influence over the work which might prove detrimental to the cause, so long as our position is certainly one of 'respectable indifference.' The position may seem very singular, when we bear in mind that all our accessions are from the order of the world. But our gospel testimony teaches us that the Word of God opens to us an everlasting new day—a revival in spiritual life which knows no end. Yours, Henry C. Blinn