Washing-day among the Shakers My dear Sister C: Permit me to ask, if you ever read the lines of an old ballad reerring to washing-day? They begin as folows : ' The sky with clouds was overcast, The rain began to fall; There is no luck about the house— There is no luck at all.' And then the rhymer goes on to say: ' For 'tis thump, thump, thump, And scold, scold, scold,' etc. I should have been pleased, had you been present with us on our last ' positive Monday,' our washing-day, and for two reasons : First, to act as an artist in sketching the several scenes as they occurred. Secondly, to note the spirit of kindness which prevailed during the performance of this duty. The big bell on the house-top began to call us to duty at five o'clock a. m., and I imagined that there was a sort of sympathy in its first tones; for the weather was intensely cold; but as it swung to and fro in the air, its massive ding-dong seemed to appeal to our honor; (for no one feels as well to enter the laundry out of season, or after her companions have been at work for half an hour.) All were in season, however, except one, this morning, and she canceled tardiness by industry the remainder of the day. One, two three, four—eight—ten—twenty baskets o: goods stood waiting the cleansing operation of a Shaker Washing Machine; while as many as twelve sisters were employed foi seven hours, at least, as assistants. Butwha is the matter? The engineer is running to and fro, anon to the loft above, with a pail o hot water, where are two tanks, each capable of holding twelve barrels of water, usuall&gt; heated by steam and conducted through pipe to the laundry below; but King Frost ha breathed his icy breath into the main pipe and congealed just enough of the crysta fluid to obstruct the passage of steam. All business is suspended for an hour, a least; yet, believe me, we did not scold no fret; on the contrary, we planned how to fil the time more profitably, and each siste went to perform some little household duty which was necessary to complete before night Thus no time was unimproved and no cheer fulness lost. After our prudent engineer had adminis tered hot applications sufficient to start the circulation so that hot steam pressed into the water-tanks above, and boiling-tubs below, a dense fog arose, another petty annoyance, caused by the mingling of the cold air from without with a warm, artificial atmosphere within. Now, were it not that we adhered uite faithfully to our favorite maxim—'A )lace for everything, and everything in its :&gt;lace '—and you know the place for many flings on washing-day is in the center of the floor; without care we should have seriously jostled against a variety of baskets and bunles; but on this eventful day every bundle eemed to have a positive friend, and every casket an owner. We had learned by previus experience, that a current of air from two pposite points would speedily remove the greater part of such a vapor, so we searched or the doors, intending to open one on the ast and the other on the west side of the oom; but every aperture was as hermetially sealed with ice as a can of fruit ought to be from air, and it was quite impossible to open either door. After several fruitless attempts, and a hearty laugh at our defeat by fog, we tried the effect of a good fire. All this occurred before breakfast; a pleny of ' thumps ' were present, but not a single scold could be heard; and I think it safe o say that there was not even an impatient pirit among us, for, holding in memory the nfluence of our Sabbath devotions, and the &gt;ractical Christian vows we had made together, we were able to reconcile all the tem)oral difficulties. But the end is not yet; our washing machine next appeared to be frost-bound and out of joint, merely because we had made everything else right, and there was room for another trouble ! A few drops of oil and a little hammering soon coaxed this nto good-humor. The ' Shaker Washing Machine' has rendered us too much valuable service in the last ten years to permit us to underestimate its many excellences. We have learned of only one article which will in any way take its place in our appreciation, and that is the ' Shaker Laundry Soap.' With this soap, we are able to cleanse goods with far less hand-rubbing; linens, cottons, woolens, and the finer fabrics, silks, laces, muslins, etc., are cleansed thereby without injury. We have ourselves proved that paint, printer's ink, writing ink, and many stains of long standing are removed by a proper use of this soap. Perhaps you have heard of the article, and so I will return to my story of washing-day. When our washing machine was all right, and in motion, we anticipated success. For an hour every pulley and shaft seemed to operate like magic; but suddenly the wringer in the north-west corner (a very cold place) was seized with the epidemic and refused to move ; the application of oil, even, nor of much kind treatment would effect a cure. The main-belt had beer newly but improperly laced: the same was relaced, and we succeeded in starting the wringer ! But there is only one right way to do everything, and we were obliged to pause many times, for nothing would succeed, ex cept a thorough repairing of the belt in ques tion. Finally, good luck attended us, and bj one o'clock p. m., our washing was complet ed. The garments had been mill-washed boiled, rinsed, wrung and hung to dry, no by one poor Bridget, however, but by a doz en pairs of willing hands dictated by cheer ful hearts. I have somewhere read that cole and badly-cooked dinners are another annoy ance on this ill-fated day ; we, on the contrary found a warm dinner awaiting us, and kinr sisters who prepared the same, manifestly pleased to enhance our comfort in some way By the way, I have taken the liberty t write a Shaker parody on the washing-da lines. There is no place for fret nor scold— There is no place at all; If we the Christian motto hold, We love and Avork for all. So thump, thump, thump is labor sweet Whatever be the day;— Wherever virgin sisters meet, All scold is swept away. Kindly yours E. M. H.