REPLY E. M. H.—Valued Sister: Please acept many thanks for the kind report of our laundry experiences. As I read it, I eem to be brought into closer sympathy with ou and the scenes you present. One word bout the fossil rhymes you instance; for I m happv to believe that the leading fact oticed in the ballad does not very forcibly pply to your companions of the laundry, nd that on that day of unusual perplexity, le utmost good-humor prevailed ! At least, iis is what I infer from the tenor of your tatement, which, I opine, is one of the hap&gt;y results of practical religion—a religion which should be as apparent in the lanudry n Monday, as in church on Sunday. Ah! vhen its presence blesses every enterprise, verywhere, then the word s-c-o-l-d will beome obsolete, or die for want of breath. And you all heard the bell that morning,, id you? Oh ! that big bell! How often has t seemingly repeated one significant couplet vith a prolonged echo to its reluctant hearrs, thus : 'If one would thrive,' clang! clang! ' He must rise at five,' ding, dong, bell! We can easily imagine with what clear, harp tones this injunction rang out upon he frosty atmosphere of the morning in uestion. All honor to those who discipline hemselves to retire, as well as rise early, for ' early to bed and early to rise, makes one lealthy, wealthy and wise,' said Poor Richrd, who was quite right, for this habit reners persons heroic as well as healthy and able to obey the summons, to shake off dull loth, and thus early emulate one of the first principles of self-denial which Shakerism embraces. But I am thinking, my dear E., ;hat the mental picture which you have given me, does not wear a wintry aspect at all. It is so gilded with sunlight, or good cheer, that I can hardly perceive a cloud in your domestic sky, and am persuaded to believe that your companions were unusually good on that uncommon day! Now, as no picture is complete without a little shade, so I wonder, ah ! I wonder what those amiable sisters would have done, had they been forced by circumstances to perform the same amount of washing with mercury as many degrees, below comfortable, and all without a ' Shaker Washing Machine,' which you so heartily recommend, a convenient wringer, ' Shaker Laundry Soap,' beside other facilities which would take space to name! Think you that they would have borne the invasion of the frost-king without a murmur? Further, it seems that no member of your party was blamed for the series of mishaps realized, consequently no one was censured; hence, there was no temptation to even hum the ancient tune to which you refer, and much less to scold. Is it the absence of temptation which develops the Christian, or makes a genuine Shaker? Methinks, I hear your ready reply : ' Nay, emphatically nay.' Are you not yet aware that all good Shakers are bound by their consciences, by their honor as professed followers of the doctrines of the New Testament, wherein the right use of the tongue is so ably treated by the sainted apostle James, to heed these instructions, and strive always to govern the unruly member, which the apostle declares, ' is a world of iniquity?' I am aware that this is our profession, and also, that in our imperfect, undisciplined state, we often fail of living fully up to the scriptural truths quoted; and, though I am confident that you each did your best, under the circumstances, I still claim that with all of your perplexities you were most felicitously situated, compared with the conditions of many of our sister - companions who toil abroad; and the question which I urge is, THE SHAKER. 37 •would you be able to exchange localities and surroundings and be as kind, as peaceable? Ah! I recall now that vou stated as fact, that you each had spent the previous Sabbath in a worshipful spirit, that you renewed your covenants with God, and made your pledges to do right in his presence together, which gave you power over the tongue in emergencies; thus, you can rightfully say with the apostle, 'The fruit of righteousness is sown in peace of them that make peace.' In this spirit I easily perceive how possible is success; for they who have God in all their thoughts, obey the sacred injunction ol ' Hands to work and hearts to God,' and are thereby able to govern not only the tongue, but every other faculty, in any locality where duty calls. Sincerely thine, C.