THE CHILDREN'S GROTTO My dear boys and girls : Among the best hings to be made into thoughts by you, is :arefulness. Have a care for all things A'ith which you meet. With your friends and companions, be full of care to use them as you like to be used. With the lower aninals have a care of kindness as I have heretofore written you. Remember to be careful of your books; they cost money, and some)ody, or many, have to be careful to get the money. Be careful of your clothes: how wrong to be careless of what costs so much time to earn money to buy, and labor to make ! A rent in a garment, carelessly made, not only makes work you might have saved for those who love you, but disfigures the garment before it should be so, and inspires you to care less for it than before! Is this not so ? I love to see a boy or girl, who is not ashamed to wear well-mended clothes, particularly when they have been careful of them before they came to mending. I know [ cannot expect you to be like older folk, but you may be even more careful than some older ones, who were careless when they were children ! Do not go in the water with your boots nor shoes when you can avoid it; water destroys leather. Be careful of your food, do not waste it. There is enough food wasted every day, by those who were careless when children, to feed all the hungry in the world! God has been, and now is good to all. There is enough for all to eat, drink and wear, and to spare. If all would be careful,—full of care for those who have not been so fortunate, then all would be cared for, and this would be a happier world. Be careful not to be selfish! Whoever is very selfish, is a robber of that which belongs to another or others; and is wasteful and careless of God-given blessings. Be careful of your health, of your voices; and shun evil companions; thus have a care for your hearts. Do not let angry nor cruel thoughts stay one moment in your minds. How shall you get rid of them? Why, sing a song, talk to a flower; think of some sweet, pretty circumstance that happened yesterday; run, jump at the sun, or try to catch a star; do either, and your angry thoughts are gone by this exercise of care. Be very careful to be good as you know how, and be assured God will care for you. G. A. L.