Commune Life HENRY GEORGE How little is communism understood ! and how few of us are fitted to live the life of communists ! We are here enjoying the necessaries of life, not because we are more worthy than others of the human family, but rather as creatures of circumstances. When we see our brothers and sisters of the out side world suffering for want of fooc and clothing, our sympathies ought to go out to them abundantly, and no grudgingly. How many of us, to-day thrown on our own resources, and lef bility to our own appetites, would be much better than those with whom we occasionally come in contact? I think, surrounded as we are with all physical comforts, we are very apt to forget our former conditions, and the circumstances which brought us here. We should try and use our privilege so that when we are called to account for our stewardship we may hear the saying of ' Well done, good and faithful servant,' for we are only holding treasures in trust for those that come after us, and have no right to use them to exalt ourselves. If we would live a commune ife, we must curb our selfishness ; live to make others happy ; and by doing so, we are indeed made happy ourselves. 'It is more blessed to give than to receive.' This truth is realized by every one that tries the experiment. Take, for example, two school-boys ; one has an apple. Selfishness says, keep it, and eat it when alone. Generosity says, share it with your playfellow. Then follows the conflict. If Generosity triumphs, then he is made happy ; if not, mean, sordid Selfishness brings discontent. When I reflect upon the uncertainty of riches—in affluence to-day and penury to-morrow—it makes me thankful for the heaven-born principle of commune life. As our song says, ' the strong shall help the weak along ; ' which may be taken literally. I believe we may enjoy, in this world, a heaven, inasmuch as we are willing to give up self and work for the benefit of the whole human family. May we not weary in well-doing. May we show a light that is steady, not flickering; living a fully consecrated life, that will fit us for the much larger commune we are on our way to join. Shakers^ N. 7'.