LIFE THOUGHTS Equalizaton of emotion There 3 is no worldly gain without some' loss I so there is no worldly loss without some s gain. If thou hast lost thy wealth, thoi r hast lost some trouble with it; if thou art degraded from honor, thou art like wise freed from the stroke of envy; i sickness has blurred thy beauty, it hath delivered thee from pride. Set the al lowance against the loss, and thou shal find no loss great. He loses little or 3 nothing that reserves himself. Com s passion is an emotion of which we ought never to be ashamed.—Graceful, particularly in youth, is the tear of sympathy, and the heart that melts at the ale of woe. We should not permit ease and indulgence to contract our affections, and wrap us up in selfish enoyment; but we should accustom ourselves to think of the distress of human life, of the solitary cottage, the dying parent, and the weeping orphan. Nor ought we ever to sport with pain and distress in any of our amusements, nor treat even the meanest insect with wanton cruelty. — Blair Mere physical good-looks fade... Mere physical good-looks fade with the years, bleach out with sickness, and yield to the slow decay of mortality. But the beauty that has its origin in kind dispositions, noble purposes and great thoughts, outlasts youth and maturity, increases with years, and like the luscious peach which comes to us in autumn ripeness, covered with the delicate flush of purple and crimson, is never so beautiful as when waiting to be plucked by the gatherer's hand, silently witnessing to the full, the rich perfections time works out.— Tales Co. Chronicle. Spiritualism teaches the golden rule of righteousness, and its certain reward in eternal happiness; it tells us that evil deeds are sure of their punishment; and it at the same time brings the great revelation to man that all will be ultimately saved to enduring happiness, through expiation, suffering, and purification of the spirit. More offend from want of thought than from any want of feeling... Time to me this truth hath taught— 'T is a truth that's worth revealing— More offend from want of thought Than from any want of feeling. If advice we would convey, There's a time we should convey it; If we 've but a word to say, There's a time in which to say it. — Charles Swan Let us be assured that the noblest life makes the happiest death... Let us be assured that the noblest life makes the happiest death ; and that he lives the noblest who sacrifices most for his fellow-men, whose life is most devoted to what he conceives to be the truth. — Rev. David H. Clark Enemies Have you enemies? Go straight on, and mind them not. If they block up your path, walk arounc them, and do your duty regardless o: their spite. A man who has no enemies is seldom good for anything; h is made of that kind of material whici is so easily worked that everyone has a hand in it. A sterling character—on who thinks for himself, and speak what he thinks—is always sure to hav enemies. They are as necessary to him as fresh air; they keep him alive anc active. A celebrated character, who was surrounded with enemies, used to remark: 'They are sparks which, i: you do not blow, will go out of them selves.' Let this be your feeling whil endeavoring to live down the scanda of those who are bitter against you. I: you stop to dispute, you do but as they desire, and open the way for more abuse. Let the poor fellows talk ; there will be a reaction if you perform but your duty, and hundreds who were once alienated from you will flock to you and acknowledge their error. Alexander's Messenger. HOW TO TREAT INSECT STINGS The pain caused by the sting of a plant or insect is the result of a certain amount of acid poison injected into the blood. The first thing to be done is to press the tube of a small key firmly on ths wound, moving the key from side to side to facilitate the expulsion of the sting and its accompanying poison. The sting, if left in the wound, should be carefully extracted, otherwise it will greatly increase the local irritation. The poison of stings being acid, common sense points to the alkalies as the proper means of cure. Among the most easily procured remedies may be mentioned, soft soap, liquor of ammonia, (spirits of hartshorn,) smelling salts, washing soda, quicklime made into paste with water, lime water, the juice of an onion, tobacco juice, chewed tobacco, bruised dock leaves, tomato juice, wood ashes, tobacco ash, and carbonate of soda. If the sting be severe, rest and coolness should be added to the other remedies, more especially in the case of nervous subjects. Nothing is so apt to make the poison active as heat, and nothing favors its activity less than cold. Let the body be kept cool and at rest, and the activity of the poison will be reduced to a minimum. Any active exertion whereby the circulation is quickened will increase both pain and swelling. If the swelling be severe, the part may be rubbed with sweet oil, or a drop or two of laudanum. Stings in the eye, ear, mouth, or throat, sometimes lead to serious consequences ; in such cases, medical advice should always be sought as soon as possible. London Garden. Darwinism Carlyle is now very feeble through age, but his memory is still marvelous, and the flow of his talk—doubtless the most eloquent of the age—is unabated. Take this as a sample : ' I have known three generations of the Darwins: grandfather, father and son. Atheists all. The brother of the present famous naturalist, a quiet man, who lives not far from here, told me that among his grandfather's effects he found a seal engraven with this legend : 'O-rnnia ex conchis;' everything from a clam-shell! I saw the naturalist not many months ago ; told him that I had read his ' Origin of the Species,' and other books ; that he had by no means satisfied me that men were descendants from monkeys, but had gone far toward persuading me that he and his so-called scientific brethren had brought the present generation of Englishmen very near to monkeys. 'A good sort of a man is this Darwin, and well-meaning, but with very little intellect. Ah, it is a sad and ter GOD'S BLESSING Canterbury, N. H. 1. As the dew of the morning, Or as bright rivers roll; So so does God's 2. As the dawn of the morning, Or a heavenly ray; His glorious blessing Flow into my soul. I'll walk ia his presence A3 brightness IIlumines my way. I'll sing of his favor, I'll one greatly blessed; On whose soul the love of His work is impressed. merit his love; By honest endeavor My loyalty prove. Darwinism rible thing to see nigh a whole generation of men and women professing to be cultivated, looking around in a purblind fashion, and finding no God in this universe. I suppose it is a reaction from the reign of cant and hollow pretence, professing to believe what in fact they do not believe. And this is what we have got to. All things from frog spawn ; the gospel of dirt the order of the day. The older I grow—and I now stand upon the brink of eternity—the more comes back to me the sentence of the catechism, which I learned when a child, and the fuller and the deeper its meaning becomes: 'What is the chief end cf man?' 'To glorify God and to enjoy Him forever.' No gospel of dirt, teachitig that men have descended from frogs through monkeys, can - ever set that aside.' Hartford Courant