Lift up the Standard The world complains mostly of Shaker celibacy, because it is not of the world. Even from our bitterest enemies, however, we find vice paying tribute to virtue, by the remark: 'Their virgin celibacy is a very high order of life !' This is a verbatim sentence from the expose of a rabid secessionist. But why ind so much fault, when forced finallv to so much admiration? Why is Jesus, the Christ, so much admired? Was it not, and is it not for the same reasons ;hat the Shakers are persecuted in pubic, and admired i i the closet of prayer? Should not like causes be honored similarly ! Jesus, his disciples, and the Shakers are not such antipodes that they should be used so differently. Jesus offered salvation on the same terms which the Shakers now do—' Stop your sinning!' 'Live unto God, die unto sin ! ' But our celibacy runs crosswise unresurrected human nature. Die the same of Jesus agree with this nature any better? And yet, for the same specialty, the world adores Jesus—01 pretends to—and dreads the Shakers O, consistency ! The gospel of Jesu relieved the poor of their poverty, anc demanded that the rich should reverse the rule of robbery, and take from then only that which made them uncomfort able, by adding of their stores ! Jus so with the Shakers, where none are rich, and certainly none are poor. Bu while the world pretends an admira tion of this leveling work of Jesus a/ic Pentecost, they do not want to admir these features in the Shakers. The Prince of Peace is worshiped mentally; and the Shakers condemned practically, because they do just that which made Jesus the Prince of Peace ! Hence, the world honors General----as a Christian gentleman ; and the Shakers, who would not help him slay ten thousands, are by it unhonored, unworthy to be called Christian ; and yet, wherein does Gen.------resemble Jesus, the Christ! O, consistency, fie! Is there not good reason in our being more radical than all other so-called Christians ; and to raise up the standard of Christianity in its true colors. Therefore, say we : Live as you please ; but do not confound marriage, nor sexual lusts with the celibacy of Jesus, nor of those who live like him. Selfishly leap up the good things of this world ; but do not think yourselves worthy to be fellowshipped with those of old, nor to-day, who truly say and practice: 'Lo ! we have left all to follow thee !' Have your wars,—of household, state, and nation ; but do not, for Christianity's sake, think for a moment there is any Christ about them, nor that any Christian ever did or will engage in them. These are some of the radicals of Shakerism. They are arrived at by simple acts of self-denial toward the lusts of the flesh, the lusts for money, pride of life, and lusts for power ! ' Can these Shakers be Christians?'