CORRESPONDENCE South Union, Ky., March, 1877 Editor of Shaker: The February number of The Shaker came duly, and was, as usual, fraught with words of precious truth. It is, indeed, a feast to me, and I never stop until its contents article especially are well attracted learned. One my attention : What shall I do to be a Shaker? We are frequently in receipt of letters of inquiry, from individuals desirous of information in regard to our faith and practices, and we often feel at a loss how to reply, in consequence of our ignorance of the motive that prompts the desire. Hence, my approbation of the article referred to, which I think is sufficient to enable every one who reads it, to get a correct knowledge of the essential requisites to be a Shaker. Then each one can answer for themselves, ' Am I willing and prepared to make the necessary sacrifices ?' We are often called upon to meet applicants for admission into our society, who are totally ignorant in regard to our faith, and often without any religious feeling whatever, but come exclusively from worldly considerations ; and to all such I would respectfully say, our institu my personal efforts; merits of a mythological atonement will not do me nor any one else any good. That is the rock upon which thousands are stranded. To the extent we live the Christ-life, does Jesus become our savior. Whatsoever we sow, that will we reap; then will it not be wisdom in us all to sow love, mercy, and charity? I shall labor to do so. Nothing is so conducive to happiness as a good conscience, and to acquire and keep one, we must live up to the highest light we have in the faithful discharge of every known duty; doing so will bring a peace of mind which all the wealth and fame of this world can never give. Holiness is ' the pearl of great price,' more to be valued than all the gems of Golconda's mines ; and yet, how few attain it! Why? Simply because we are not willing to pay the price. Shakerism demands the renunciation of everything pertaining to the natural order, and the adoption of the spiritual, the heavenly. The carnal life must die; and, in proportion as we crucify it, will we rise into newness of life. My faith is that souls have to be quickened ere they are prepared to receive the truth. It is as useless to present truths, however beautiful or sublime, to the spiritually blind, as to ' cast pearls before swine.' I do not mean that we are not free agents, for that would do away with individual responsibility and lead into extremes from which the soul recoils in horror. Every soul possesses within itself the germ of a divine life, which, if cultivated and allowed to expand, will develop and unfold our spiritual natures, until we will be prepared to walk, as Jesus did, in obedience to our father's commands. So, brethren and sisters, the matter rests with ourselves. Will you be saved, or will you not? Will you choose the narrow way which leads to a world fairer than finite mind can conceive of, or do you prefer to enjoy the pleasures of sin, which are only for a season, and receive the condemnation that is sure to follow? Will it not be wisdom in us to choose the better part, which cannot be taken from us, and thereby secure an inheritance with the saints? Let us who profess to be Shakers live according to our profession. Let the spirit of Christ rule our hearts and govern our every action. Let us prove the sincerity of our faith, by our daily life and conversation. I feel it a sacrilege for persons to remain on consecrated ground whose every breath is a violation of zion's laws. The inmates of our father's house should keep clean hands and pure hearts,—avoid even the appearance of evil. Let us be an honor to our calling, an example to the world. O that every one could feel as I do about this matter. As a good brother expressed in out meeting last Sabbath : ' O that a spirit of conviction might fall upon our people, to awaken them to an interest the cause demands!' My heart echoed a response to that prayer. A thorough understanding of our principles will convince any candid, unbiased person of their merit; and, if lived, will produce a purity of life that can never be excelled. I feel an especial interest in the young. I have been young myself,—am not old yet. Words cannot express the intensity of my solicitude for finds an habitation and dearest objects on which to rest, where everything is a gem, everything wears beauty of the brightest colors, richest shades, and most inviting charms! Where can thought alight more satisfactorily than upon home ? and upon what objects more endearing than those of sympathizing, affectionate friends? There is nothing of the ideal higher; the image of God is there,— yea, more: there God manifests himself the most perfectly to our senses. There is a sacredness, there is something enchanting in home that is real, genuine; and in the dear ones there, are our loftiest ideals of angels. tion was not designed for a home for the outcast and bankrupt, but for sin-sick souls, who desire salvation from the evils of a corrupt nature. ' Without faith it is impossible to please God,' consequently faith should be our starting-point,-—the foundation upon which we build. ¦ Faith in God's order, in the confession and forgiveness of sin in that order. I have this faith, and deep is the thankfulness of my heart that I have been led into it; that I have the inestimable privilege of being numbered with God's people. I desire a fire that will purge me of dross until nothing remains but pure gold. Yea, I will endure the furnace-heat, anything that will enable me to eradicate evil, and obtain a pure heart, without which, no one can see God. I am aware my success depends upon the young of my own sex,—those who dwell with' believers. Let me impress upon your minds the great importance of cultivating, in early youth, those pure principles of mental and moral excellence which are so necessary to elevate and adorn the female character. Be emulous to excel in every good thought and deed; imitate the virgin purity of our great exemplars, Jesus and Ann, father and mother of the new creation. Be obedient to those who teach you to be useful, and you will never regret, in the future, the folly of a misspent life. This counsel is given in much love, with the prayer that it may fall upon some heart prepared for the seed. In conclusion, my prayer is, ' Let me be a true, genuine Shaker,' which embodies every Christian virtue. Josephine McLaughlin Letters from a Gospel Father to His Gospel Daughters Enfield, N. H., March, 1877. Beloved Sister B. : Your kind favor of the 14th, containing a graphic report of your journey and mission to W., is received, for which receive my thanks. Such tokens of sisterly remembrance are always appreciated; they bear to me more than a narrative of events or the common parlance of a letter; a spirit, an influence accompanies them, which speaks to the soul and tells of home and home relations, than which no intelligence so affects the mind nor operate; so deeply. It penetrates the soul. No Subject gives ideas more inspirational--sensations more pathetic and emotional. - .Home and home friends, the pure, Christian bro~th'fc¥hood and sisterhood, where confidence reposes, ,where our great interests center, where love We there find a power stronger than all other powers combined ; an affection unfathomable, knowing no limits. Here are the ministrations of the highest, here is heaven, here are our saviors. Hence, how great our obligations to beautify, to strengthen, and make everything about us peaceful, glorious, and perfect! How necessary to bring all things into harmony, ever to maintain order, heaven's first gift; never trespass upon the law of love ! Under no circumstances should we depart from principle; always true, always kind and obliging, ever ready to alleviate distress, comfort the afflicted, strengthen the weak, and forgive the erring and penitent; always open to conviction, and equally free to impart knowledge to the ignorant, and aid those who are in need of assistance. Thus, beloved sister, our path becomes that of wisdom, always pleasant, and the duties of life never unendurable tasks; thus, the yoke of Christ is easy, and his burden light. Accept my sincere love and that of my companions. Please bear this to all our dear friends in Shaker Village. Your brother, Abraham Perkins Enfield, N. H., March, 1877 My gospel daughter, Alice : I assure you your kind, neatly-written letter was not only acceptable, but fondly appreciated. It seems you have been reading the good book; many excellent and saving truths are hidden there. It pleases me that j'ou search for them. If you persistently and confidently seek truth, you will find it to your salvation. It is a resurrecting, saving power; it contributes both peace and love, and ministers to our wants of every gospel grace. Dear child, in your character make this principle conspicuous. Be open to conviction, and truth will abundantly flow in, and the treasures of heaven will be your inheritance. You mention regrets that you had not been earlier called and gathered into the Shaker church. When the door was opened for your admission, you stepped in; that was your time,—the right time; it could never have been better. It was so in my case. It is equally true with all who hearken and obey when the call of God reaches them. Your ears are blest; do not close them; continue to hear, and be as faithful to obey; and your cup of blessing will be full. No advantage will ever avail any soul who is found in opposition to the laws of God, or to the plan of salvation as revealed to the lost family of Adam. When we mur 36 THE SHAKER. mur, or complain of the cross, we act as the adversaries of heaven. We should realize that the order of heaven is divine. It is too often the case that those who feel the testimony of the cross bearing against their carnal lives are found speaking ill of divine order and throwing obstacles in the way, thus preventing the beaming of light, obedience to faith, and submission to the dictates of. conscience. Every soul should make this a point,—never stifle emotion, never allow an .influence whose tendency would cause another to act contrary to religious convictions. These are basic principles of success in life. By the'k'ts of another, no one can be justified nor condemned. Remember, the voice of God has reached your soul; you have heard it. It now remains with you to make your election sure. And now, dear child, accept my thanks for your interesting report to me of meetings, companions, etc.; remembering me in kindest love to them, to vour elders, and to all my friends; and accept for yourself my love and prayers forever. Yours truly, Abraham Perkins