Christian Culture, No. 3 W. H. BUSSELL COMPLETENESS. All persons who view themselves in the light of the divine truth are constrained to acknowledge various deficiencies in their moral, and social. character — mental, Admiring friends, in writing the biography of the great man—hero, statesman, or philosopher —would fain gloss over defects in their idol, or shut them out entirely from the public gaze. But there they are, nevertheless ; and there is no one, whatever his merits may be, but is subject to the keen-eyed scrutiny of some critic, who may be actuated by the desire to bring out the whole truth, or, possibly, by envy alone, ' To draw his frailties from their drear abode.' The inference from the above paragraph is the old-time truth, that all are ' miserable offenders,' and need, alike, to enter upon the work of self-purification and perfection. The perfecting of the human character is not a sudden nor brief pi'ocess, but the work of long years of steady effort; and that, for the sufficient reason that this character is to endure forever. Hence, nothing is more essential, in the very commencement of the work of Christian culture, than the spirit that looks with calm eye beyond every intervening obstacle to the glorious consummation. One imbued with this never hears ' The lingering knell that tells his hopes are dead,' but is ever cheered by the all-animating voice, ' Come up hither, and I will show thee the beauty and 'Splendor of the heavenly city.' Faith and hope in an individual may be more or less strong in proportion to original, natural development, but their strength does not depend entirely on this. The constant inflow of the divine inspiration into the spirit, will animate one with greater courage and far stronger hopes, than the most powerful arguments presented to the reason can do without this. In fact, these inspirations are themselves the most convincing arguments that can be presented to the human mind, so far as a knowledge of God and man's future destiny are concerned. As the inspirations of the common air and light, impress upon the soul a consciousness of physical life that requires no other persuasive force, so will those deeper inspirations that are intended to renew the powers of the moral and spiritual being impart a consciousness of their own eternal nature. Too great stress cannot be laid upon these in moulding and completing the Christian character. ' Ye must be born rom above.' The grace of humility, which forbids one to exalt himself above another, is cherished, strengthened, and confirmed by the constant inlow of the Christ-life into the soul. Where would be the dignitaries of the world, both political and ecclesiastical, f this universally pervaded the hearts of men? Oh, from what heights would many fall, were this the case ! Not nine days only, the time which Milton's Sa:an occupied in making his descent from the battlements of heaven, but years might be needed for some to gain their proper level! Gentleness can attain its true sweetness of character only by makng its abode where the mild beams of he heavenly light continually shine. r*atience, that turns all the trials of life nto the greatest blessings, receives its sparkling crown only after it has finished its course of discipline, which its Danoply, drawn from the celestial ai'mory, has enabled it to accomplish. Charity, the lovely attendant of Faith and Hope, shows her divine origin whenever and wherever she makes her appeai'ance. When one admits her as lis permanent guest, she readily makes lis dwelling her abode. She diffuses throughout, the joyous radiance of her own countenance ; introduces the order, Deace, and quiet that reign supremely in the blest regions whence she descended ; makes her presence felt by all who approach her; and sends abroad the inluences which it is her delight to make others feel. In a word, health, which imparts soundness to the limbs, fullness to the muscles, an agreeable tone to the nerves, and vigor to the brain, is known in its completest power, only when the forces that are imparted by spiritual inspirations are conjoined with those influences which come from earthly life-sources. This union of forces was recognized by the Apostle John, in the words, 'Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayst prosper and be in health even as thy soul prospers.' Bodily health and vigor cannot properly be dissociated from the intellectual and moral forces. In fact, body and spirit are one, anc ever must be connected in the most intimate union, whether that be the result of the combination of the grosser elements during the earthly life, or of the more refined elements in the celestial spheres when the earthly union shall cease.