LIFE THOUGHTS Equalizaton of emotion There 3 is no worldly gain without some' loss I so there is no worldly loss without some s gain. If thou hast lost thy wealth, thoi r hast lost some trouble with it; if thou art degraded from honor, thou art like wise freed from the stroke of envy; i sickness has blurred thy beauty, it hath delivered thee from pride. Set the al lowance against the loss, and thou shal find no loss great. He loses little or 3 nothing that reserves himself. Com s passion is an emotion of which we ought never to be ashamed.—Graceful, particularly in youth, is the tear of sympathy, and the heart that melts at the ale of woe. We should not permit ease and indulgence to contract our affections, and wrap us up in selfish enoyment; but we should accustom ourselves to think of the distress of human life, of the solitary cottage, the dying parent, and the weeping orphan. Nor ought we ever to sport with pain and distress in any of our amusements, nor treat even the meanest insect with wanton cruelty. — Blair Mere physical good-looks fade... Mere physical good-looks fade with the years, bleach out with sickness, and yield to the slow decay of mortality. But the beauty that has its origin in kind dispositions, noble purposes and great thoughts, outlasts youth and maturity, increases with years, and like the luscious peach which comes to us in autumn ripeness, covered with the delicate flush of purple and crimson, is never so beautiful as when waiting to be plucked by the gatherer's hand, silently witnessing to the full, the rich perfections time works out.— Tales Co. Chronicle. Spiritualism teaches the golden rule of righteousness, and its certain reward in eternal happiness; it tells us that evil deeds are sure of their punishment; and it at the same time brings the great revelation to man that all will be ultimately saved to enduring happiness, through expiation, suffering, and purification of the spirit. More offend from want of thought than from any want of feeling... Time to me this truth hath taught— 'T is a truth that's worth revealing— More offend from want of thought Than from any want of feeling. If advice we would convey, There's a time we should convey it; If we 've but a word to say, There's a time in which to say it. — Charles Swan