Epitomic History of the Watervliet Shakers D. A. BUCKINGHAM No, 1.—Of the destitute condition of the believers soon after settling at Watervliet, as found on record. During the year 177^' *ne believers at Watervliet suffered exceedingly for food, and in temporal matters generally. It was a time when money was scarce ; and, being poor, they had no means to buy. It being a fixed principle with them never to run in debt, even for the necessaries of life, their existence became somewhat precarious. Their food consisted principally of rice and milk. A little fish, mostly sturgeon, was everything of the meat kind they enjoyed for several months. Had little or no butter nor cheese. This simple fare was their main support during the spring and summer of said year. Their chief employment was planting, sowing, and harvesting. They toiled hard for their scanty pittance, and became so reduced in flesh that the}' looked more like walking skeletons than laboring men. Oft-times, they were so weak and faint, they could not work. Hard labor and want of nourishing food were telling mightily upon them. At one season, their breakfast consisted only of a small bowl of milk-porridge for each, and their suppers were made up of the same material. For dinner in addition to the bowl of porridge, the} enjoyed a little cake—a piece two and a half inches square for each person One day a couple of the brethren wen to the river to catch herring, and one o them was so pressed with hunger tha he ate, while yet raw, the first two fis he caught! Their house-room was al so limited. Had but little convenienc for lodging, and were obliged to slee upon the floor of their apartment Some few had a blanket to cover them others had none. As the crops begai to mature, and potatoes were in eata ble condition, their fare was better, anc life became more endurable. During the same year, a famine pre vailed at Lake George. The citizen of Albany made quite a donation o: provisions to the sufferers there ; anc the brethren of our little social bane were employed to carry the said dona tion to Crown Point. On their way lither, they stopped at a small hut in he woods, by the roadside, to obtain a ittle refreshment. They found there n old woman, with three small chil[ren. On making their business known, he woman replied, ' I have not had a 'nouthful of meat, bread, nor potatoes n my house for the past three months.' When asked what she subsisted upon, she replied, ' When the brier-leaves Degan to mature in the spring, I gathered, boiled, and ate them with my nilk, for I have one cow, and that supports us. This is the way we have lived for three months past?' With the money the brethren received 'or carrying said donation, they purchased bread and flour, and our people were soon comfortable. Their crops came in more bountifully than was expected, and by the smiles of providence upon them, they soon began to improve n health, strength, and in many earthly comforts. They were often exhorted ry Joseph Meacham,—a very influential and leading member among them, who was afterwards styled Father Joseph,— to bear their sufferings with patience and fortitude, for the time would come when they and their children would have plenty and to spare. Shakers, N. Y.