EDITORIAL NOTES We begin in this number the publication of a series of papers by D. A. Buckingham, the venerable presiding elder of the society at Watervliet. Beginning almost at the earliest date of the Watervliet settlement, these papers will bring us down to the present time ; and will give, in epitome, the history of what is now Shakers, N. Y. We have long desired such an undertaking by some competent hand, and we shall be greatly surprised if our readers are not greatly interested. We ask particular attention to the grand differences! what we have long waited for—written articles for The Shaker ! In fact, it Many are very anxious to place children under the protecting wings of Shakerism. Orphans, made so by death, or worse, have for many years 3een accepted by us, and we have had large hopes that our gospel would recreate them before original nature took command. In more than ninety-nine of one hundred cases we have been mistaken ! Confidence in the power of our system has made us very careless of the pedigree and antenatal conditions of children. Our carelessness has wrought us an incomputable ruin. Those who have confidence, that by putting the children of gross parentage among the Shakers, they will grow up to be angels, may be assured, that our sorrowful experience is, that they are wrong. Often before school-days are over, exhibitions of devils as big as woodchucks, at least, are illustrated. We must have the best manufacture of humanity, or we cannot long exist as a flourishing institution. The very best of us had an origin sufficiently poor to magnify Shakerism to any considerable degree, and to keep us continually fighting outspurts of unheavenly dispositions. Under the head of ' Correspondence' will be found some of the early fruit of answers to the question : 'What shall I do to be a Shaker?' We commend the whole letter, zeal, and consecrated ability of Sister McLaughlin ; which, so long as it is continued, wrill be worthy of intense emulation. The honor of suggesting answers to the above question, belongs to Eldress Johanna Kaime ; and the wonder is, it was not prosecuted before. We hope it is not as difficult for sincere inquirers to get verbal answers from novitiate elders, as for us to get written ones ! We hope, ere long, that we shall all become properly educated spiritually, in regard to our duty to our fellows. We hope to realize, that whatsoever i, done for the furtherance of The Shaker's spread, maintenance, and improvement, by those of its faith, will not be done grudgingly, nor as an especiaj favor. If The Shaker is an organ for the promulgation of truth, it is duty that we yield all selfish interests for the accomplishment of that end. Some may be bold enough to say sometimes: ' Oh, Lord, don't you remember, when we helped your cause ?' It is our cause ; let us sustain it. Notice to Assessors.—Friends: We entirely lost sight of your unwelcome presence, when, in the March number of The Shaker, we enthusiastically told to the world, how very rich every Shaker was, and how very unselfish with it all. We here enter an apology and explanation to you, and to those beloved deacons of the Shaker church who have, by our blunder, done of conditions under which the gospel, according to Ann Lee, has been kept and now is kept. greatly relieves the pangs we feel for the mistake, to receive so many goocChristian threshings from so many excellent Christian deacons. We amend the objectionable paragraph by saying ' millions of dollars' worth of more than money '—gospel riches ! upon which, friendly or unfriendly assessors, you cannot affix your tax, amen ! You lave ever rated Shaker property highst compared with their neighbors', ind to this extent have persecuted us 'or our faith's sake. Accept our apology and explanation, and, gospel friends all, please forgive us.