What shall I do to be a Shaker? No. 4 RICHARD FLETCHER Or, what shall I do to be d Christian ? is not a common question around here. 'What shall I do to be saved?' is a favorite text with ' revivalists,' who stir up many people to echo the question, without knowing exactly what they wish to be saved from. Can God save them from the danger signaled from so many pulpits, in language almost red with hell-fire and damnation? Can He save them while they carry around enough secret, unconfessed sin to burn in their memory for years, adding a little fuel every day by fresh sinning? 'O, weak human nature cannot help it. Miserable sinners that we are, thank God that we are not in danger of losing our souls by growing vain-glorious and self-righteous.' A certain amount of sinning—enough to keep fashionable robes of righteousness comfortably filthy—acts like a safety-valve with them to keep Christian virtues from pressing them too near the kingdom of heaven before they have got enough of earthly pleasure. Let no one think—not even Mr Moody, nor other zealous laborers foi good — that genuine Christianity wil ever have a majority here below. I never was popular; never will be Enthusiastic dreamers might as wel content themselves for the failure o: plans for wholesale reform, by reading Matt. 7:14: ' Narrow is the way tha leads to life, and few are they who fine it.' Reader, do you smile at the question before you ? Do you passing shrug of pity, ' think, with a What are those simple people preaching virtue of celibacy, in these days, for ? If there is any virtue in it, the very ones who need it most are least willing to practice it. Why do they dream of bringing peace on earth, of making nation forgive nation, as Sunday-school children are taught, in these days when man's God given ingenuity develops, faster thai ever, into terrible forms of weapons anc agents for bloody war?—when youths papers advertise seven-shooters for chi] dren's toys, forsooth? As for commu nity form of living—never ! Why, w can't share church privileges togethei a few hours in the week, without envy ings, quarrels, and breaking up ; muc less could we live under the sam roof with dear gospel friends.' To the few who care to think a mo ment on these things, we say : By dail life, as well as printed word, we d urge celibacy in its strictest sense, be cause there never was greater need fo spreading its healing virtue over degen erating humanity than to-day, and you know it. We urge all mankind, who are able, to live as brothers and sisters, because Christ revealed the grand nobility of loving God and man with a height, depth, and breadth of feeling that dwarfs natural affection into comparative selfishness. We urge peace between neighbors, owns, states, and nations, because war s simply devilish. During the heat of a revival, you can asily take an ' anxious seat,' ask for Drayers, join a church. You cannot be a Christian next week without checking many hasty, unkind words, curbing a quick temper, driving off unworthy thoughts; in short, without denying your self in many ways your conscience will suggest. Begin with lowest appetites, that link us to the animal creation. Do desires for pleasing sense of taste, never carry you to excess ? Do we eat that which is not nourishing, but stimulating, or merely cloying to the palate ? Do we drink that which does not satisfy thirst? Some say, 'Your ideal of religion is too high—beyond the power of mortals to attain on earth.' So was Christ's revelation too heavenly for earth. Jesus of Nazareth lived and preached a life of virginity, non-resisting peace, universal love, and fraternity of goods. It would be very difficult for a merchant to do business on a ready-cashdown system Most merchants laugh at the idea of up-and-down-cash dealings right along. They call sixty days' credit the same as cash ! Sad abuse of honest language it is. Yet all acknowl edge a cash system, without trusting, etc., a noble ideal. So igion, a high ideal is needed. Sonyea, N. Y.