Words Fitly Spoken SARAH A. NEAL When we reflect that the power oi speech was given to humanity as a means of communication, and intended only for a blessing, and know that it frequently proves the contrary, we heave a sigh of regret that greater wisdom is not manifested in the use of language. But we yearn more for those words fitly spoken, behind which only truthful motives are concealed, and which would be more than 'golden fruit' set in ' silver pictures,' to those tender natures born to thrive only in the sunshine of kind words. Humanity is largely diversified ; al are not sufficiently strong to bear the trials of life alone ; neither have they intuitive judgment to always direct their own course wisely. And how many of the weaker class glide unconsciously into the road to desperation and sin— left finally with only a 'forlorn hope' of ever finding salvation ; and all for the want of those kindly words 'fitly spoken ' in season, to aid the soul up ward. And where will the responsiultimately rest? On the poor un-l fortunate sinner's soul ? Heaven spare t. But words are but the mediums of our thoughts ; and how important it is hen that we always think so kindly and correctly that our thoughts can be fitly illustrated in words, without inury to even the most tender. Were ;his always the case, then indeed would our language become like a garden of blossoms, ever looking upward to meet ;he smiles of approving Providence. The erring would no longer remain the estranged exile, roaming amid the shadows of sorrow and despair; for gentle words and pleading tones would savor of reclamation, while the grieved and despondent would be taught to look ip and behold the 'silver light' belind the darkest cloud. Oh, we say, 'it would be joy to be there!' But, shall we anticipate this descending of leaven to earth? Hardly, while we remember that even in this, our christian land, we sometimes forget our alegiance to Christianity, and wander away into harsh tones, unpleasant words, and the rendering of a language ;hat would sound unbecoming even in leathen territory, much more so in a proressedly Christian neighborhood, leaving those who most need, to mourn the oss of those words which, 'fitly spoken,' would be the bearers of blessings like those only that are spoiled by the trammels of description, Dut are better known through the symoathy of hearts. Scripture teaches us that from the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh ; and while this may be true at times it is an indisputable fact that the mouth often utters what the heart recognizes as not its own ; for were it otherwise, the drama of life would be relieved of very many heartbreaking scenes which now appear as prominent features, the legitimate results of shallow words, broken vows, and false friendships. But we plead : Gentle angel, help us keep All our vows intact and true; Teach us how to think, and speak, To live, and love, as angels do. Then will 'fitly spoken' words always grace our society, and true friendship will be an eternal outgrowth.