Shaker Burials LOUIS BASTING There is just now much agitation, Much study and deep cogitation, Upon the subject of cremation. The press its witty arrow sends; The pulpit, too, its thunder lends; And doctors sagely shake the head, About this business of the dead. But since each dog must have his day, May not the poet have his say? All men therein are interested, For soon or late all will be tested, By some, post mortem operation, Regardless of their inclination. Man, influenced by religious thought, His welfare, after life has sought, In realms of blissful ecstasy, Through time and all eternity; And since he loved his body well, He takes good care of the old shell— He thinks 'twill resurrected be When Gabriel sounds the reveille. Meantime he seeks the grave's repose, There quietly to decompose ; Drinking deep of Lethean slumbers, Sleeps away life's sorry blunders. Strange customs in the world prevail, The dead by different routes make sail, To regions of perpetual bliss, Or—where the clime oppressive is. Egyptian mummies are well known, In every museum they are shown. The Parsee builds a tower high, Whereon his worn-out corpse might lie; In life he's kind to every beast, In death he gives himself, a feast To all the birds who cleave the air, Who choose to take their luncheon there. According to his country's style, The stately Roman's funeral pile, Composed of precious woods and spice, His body's parts would analyze. The Indian of the western plains, All ceremonious pomp disdains ; On scaffold rough, in blankets rude, His dead are left to solitude. The spot where sleeps the pious Jew, All members of his tribe eschew; Though bound for heaven—or for tophet— ' It is unclean,' so says the prophet. The Moslem is content to die, When sure he will towards Mecca lie. But what's the custom of to-day? How do they treat those molds of clay? Compelled by truth we're bound to say, That folly seems to bear the sway. In rosewood coffin, silver-plated, Velvet-lined and satin-braided; On flashy hearse, 'neath waving plume, They bear the dead man to his tomb; And by the length of the procession, Men judge the worth of his profession. Comes last of all but least of sense, The costly monument's expense— Proclaiming to posterity, Much vanity, less piety. With millions squandered on the dead, The poor must starve for want of bread. The Shakers, hating vain display, When their beloved ones pass away, Make short and simple preparation, Void of all worldly ostentation, In simple robes, but without stain, In coffin neat, unvarnished, plain, They bear the whilom house away, Wherein the spirit used to stay; And singing a sweet song or two, They bid their friends farewell, adieu. The traffic of the undertakers, Would not pay well among the Shakers. Now, in the coming dissertation, I want to prove from observation, That in the grand concatenation Of things, man also has a station In common with the known creation, Which he should fill, sans hesitation. Although pre-eminence we've won, Of nature's household we are one; Her laws, in truth, we must obey, Or her dire penalties shall pay. All living things organic are, Most of their forms come from the air; The rest, like in old Adam's day, Is nothing but your common clay. All life depends on atmosphere ; Its composition, it is clear, Must stay unchanged, or desolation Would follow from such violation. Now carbon is of greatest need, Without its aid, we should, indeed, Cease to exist and pass away, Like mist before the solar ray. Hence, when completed are the missions, Of man and lower sub-divisions, The organisms are dissolved, New life therefrom to be evolved. And thus it is that we must give Our lives, that others, too, may live; And to accomplish that decree, Th' imprisoned carbon must set free : That purloined carbon to return, We needs must have the body burn. The work that in the grave goes on, Oxygen's agency has done; And whether burned in fire's flame, Oxygen's action does the same. But when we burn with fire, the gas Goes upward into air, whereas When taking place below the ground, In nutriment it will abound, THE SHAKER. 4:4; Roots will absorb it, plants will grow, And by their luscious fruits will show, That God will write an epitaph, More glorious than man's epigraph, Traced by his feeble hand on stone, To mark decaying flesh and bone. What, then, shall be the disposition, Most in accordance with provision Of nature, best for the public health And for the country's greater wealth? By every grave plant we a tree, From forest or from nursery: Its shade will cool, its fruit will cheer, And the departed ones, so dear, From their abode the work will bless, That tends to human happiness. While thus the dead we most respect, The living ones we don't neglect. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.