'By their fruits ye shall know them.' JAMES G. RUSSELL Slot flowery sentiment in pulpits spoken, Nor great profession of the higher life, 'sot forms, nor creeds in any way betoken Results accruing from the Christian's strife. Words are but sounds, with emptiness of meaning, When uttered by the mere professing saint, Whose real life is evidently teeming With unregeneracy's woeful taint. By this shall all men know that ye are surely My followers, said Jesus, if ye bear ?he fruits of righteousness by living purely The life attained by watchfulness and prayer. STot all the massive wealth that earth can render, Not all the show within her halls of lore, S'or costly palaces of gorgeous splendor, Can ornament beyond this transient shore. And nearer still we face the truth asserted, When we accept the words our Savior spake— That worldly riches render life perverted, As sacrifice to Mammon's god we make. We cannot enter into joys celestial— Though ushered into immortality-When bound in spirit unto things terrestrial: True happiness consists in being free. Divested of all worldly loves and pleasures, Regenerated into life anew,— '.n heaven laying up eternal treasures Where thieves can never steal by breaking through. Yet even here, before we pass the river, That separates the spirit-world from ours, We may commence the strife that will deliver Eventually the soul from Satan's powers : For heaven is condition, not location, And Godliness, the fortress of the soul; Protection from the world is not salvation, But living works that make the Christian whole. Salvation's door is free for all to enter, Who would from slavery be free indeed, There's nothing here to risk, no doubtful venture, For Christ is our defender and our lead. By taking up the cross of self-denial, And bearing it each passing day and hour, However great may be affliction's trial, We shall prevail by God's eternal power. Then let each soul whose motto is salvation, Unflinchingly abide the glorious strife, And win the laurels of emancipation, The heavenly blessings of eternal life.