BOOK TABLE The Temple Harp. We consider ourselves privileged in having perused—pretty thoroughly examined the above musica work. It is a wonder of neatness and novelty in its typographical execution. Insteac of the usual round characters for musical no tation, we herein have presented seven differ ent characters, an extensive improvemen upon the four that used to represent the style of years since, known as 'patent notes. These seven are as easily learned as a b c and instead of being any impediment to the use of those now commonly used, are really an assistance to their perfect rendering. We know whereof we speak; and though incom petent to praise the work sufficiently, wouk not fail of calling due attention. Beautifully printed, choicely selected, the whole work is a charming relic of to-day, which to have, is to be justly proud of. The price, including postage, is $1.63. Address Miller's Pub lishing House, 1102 and 1104, Sansom St. Philadelphia, Pa. Analysis of Religious Belief, by Vis count Amberly. D. M. Bennett, 141 Eighth St., New York, publisher. The enterprising publisher of this volume has reduced therein two volumes, the cost o: which has been $18. The volume abov named, contains the London edition complete at about one-sixth the London selling price, ^or depth of research, for clearness of reasonng, for honesty in rendering conclusions, ;he Viscount herein stands unrivaled. Those who know how to read the works of great minds, and therebjr partake of the glory and reedom of their thoughts, will want this volume. Viscount Amberly was the son of ^ord John Russell: his means for analyzing lis subject were unrestricted, and for a monument, few could wish a nobler one than he las left in the '¦'¦Analysis of Religious Belief.' Want of space forbids our love to linger in ts praise. The Psychological Basis of Religion : S. R. Wells &amp; Co., 737 Broadway, New York. This is a pamphlet of abovit forty pages considering the above subject from the basis of phrenology, and will answer satisfactorily :o many minds, the question : 'Is science in conflict with religion.?' Price 20 cents. We have heard so much of the 'Monarch of the West' strawberry, that we have taken some pains to inquire for the benefit of our friends, as to its merits. It is a wonderfully prolific bearer; and while not so hardy in carriage as the Wilson, is valued higher in the market—indeed one third more Wilsons are needed to balance the prices obained for the Monarch. If any wish for the latter, address E. P. Roe, Cornwall-on-Hudson, N. Y., who has thirty different strawberries and fourteen different raspberries, besides currants, gooseberries, blackberries, etc. Journal of Progress, Mobile, Ala., is the most wide - awake monthly upon agricultural subjects of any works at the South. Its miscellaneous columns give us prime information upon southern topics. Connected with the Journal is a seed department, and from specimens received we can commend all others to be its patrons. For sample copies of Dr. Guilmette's Vocal Physiology, the greatest work on the subject ever written, send to this office, The Shaker, Shakers, N. Y. We make our very best bow to The American Socialist, Oneida, N. Y., for kindly notices of ourselves and founders. Its issues are models of the finest typography.