What shall I do to be a Shaker? No. 5 HENRY CUMINGS In attempting a reply to the oft-reDeated question, we are prompted to ask: Do you really wish to be a Shakr ? If the honest answer to this assures us that you seek simply a home—a lome of quiet and seclusion, exempt in ome degree from the burdens and reponsibilities of ordinary life in the world,—or if for any merely temporal or worldly consideration, we would say, hese are not the objects of our associa:ion ; and with these motives alone in Tiew, the probabilities are that you will iot obtain the satisfaction you seek. Yet as you wish a further acquaintance, iside from religious convictions, we an accept you experimentally, that you may have the opportunity to study the principles upon which these Shaker intitutions are founded, and learn of their practical application. Being as they are religious institutions, the by-laws, orders, and disciplinary requirements, by which the members are controlled, are framed with a view to make possible and practicable a truly Christian life—the ultimate realization of that which saints and seers, good men and prophets, of all ages, have been looking forward to, and prayed for, with the most fervent and devout expectations. But, you ask, what are the conditions or the first steps to be taken toward the attainment of such a result? The first step in the work is an open, honest confession to God, before those who stand as his ministers, of every known sin, of whatever name or nature. The object of this confession is twofold. First,—Humiliation and selfabasement of the proud spirit of man. vSecond,—The union and relation it opens to those who have passed through the same work, having proved its efficacy, and who are thereby led to leave the practices of a worldly life, and enter into that new and better life of Christian purity and goodness. The next step in the course, is the giving of one's self to God in cojzsecration; a condition rather the result of growth than one to be reached by an instantaneous impulse or desire to do so. One may feel determined to give all to God in a general way, but when this resolution comes to be put to the test of every-day life, it is apt to prove a more difficult undertaking than was anticipated ; and not having learned to wear Christ's yoke easily, it galls, and cramps, till often the candidate who enters the work with earnestness of purpose, is almost ready to exclaim, with Bunyan's Pliable, ' If this be your brave heavenly kingdom, you can possess it alone for all of me.' But the honest, earnest soul, who has started to run the Christian race, determined to persevere, despite all obstacles, will not turn back, because 'there are lions in the path.' Having honestly confessed his sins, and consecrated himself to God, the result will be purity and uprightness of life. Not merely a purity which shuns a violation of the civil THE SHAKER. 45 aw, but purity of thought, word and action. Following this course of life, there comes, as a natural sequence, peace, quietness, and love. 'By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one for another.' If you become a Shaker, you will find this condition growing in you, causing you to love not only those who love you, but to love and 'pray for those who despitefully use you and persecute you.' This principle, carried into practical life, will bring you into that relation promised to those who forsake the ties and affections of the selfish life, for Christ's sake. It will make possible, the realization here, and now, of that kingdom of heaven which is declared to be 'an everlasting kingdom, of whose glory and increase there should be no end.' It will bring you into that degree of union with others, who are striving in the same way, making it possible for you to live the communistic or Pentecostal life, sharing the common home, common property, common brotherhood and sisterhood, and all the blessings of life, both spiritual and temporal. And only by striving to practice these principles, will you be able to endure the friction consequent upon such close association. But, as you can see, this is a condition of growth, and costs much of selfish ends and aims. Are you ready and willing to make such sacrifices for such a reward? Are you willing to give all, that you may have lot and part in this holy relationship? If you can decide that the earthly life has nothing to offer that you would not be willing to give in exchange for a part in this heavenly inheritance, then, we say, 'come and take the waters of life freely.' The same cross, the same self-denial, the same consecration to God, that has made saints of those who have gone before you, will, if persistently and honestly lived and borne, develop for you the same Christian character, and you shall know the whole truth, and be governed by its principles in all the transactions of life. To every such honest seeker we always say, 'Come and share with us, in all our joy or sorrow, comfort or burden; in all the blessings, spiritual and temporal; and we ask and pray, in all sincerity, that heaven may bless you with that gift of true conviction for sin, and determined purpose to lead a truly Christian life, that you may have cause to say, with one of old, ' I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ, for it is the power o: God unto salvation.' ' Enfield, N. H. -----------------?-----------------A beautiful image.—A deaf anc dumb person being asked to give hi idea of forgiveness, took a pencil anc wrote, 'It is the sweetness which flow ers yield when trampled upon.' Calumny is the shadow of merit and though it ever follows, it neve overtakes it.