What not to do in a Sick-Eoom Do not wear a starched garment, nor anything that rustles. Avoid all little noises, like the sudden shutting of a door, and the creaking of shoes. Sometimes the rocking of a chair, or passing the needle in and out of work, or turning over the leaves of a book or a newspaper, makes the difference between comfort and misery in a sickroom. Do not jar the room by treading heavily, nor the bed by leaning against it—above all things never sit on the bed. Never wake a sleeping patient unless under the physician's orders to give medicine or nourishment or to change a dressing. Avoid all uncertainty and strained ex pectations on the part of the patient Keep his mind as quiet as possible Allow no whispering—and even a low tone is far less objectionable than a whisper, which the patient involuntari y strains his attention to hear. Ask no more questions than is absolutely necessary, and never force him to repeat a 'emark. Never speak to him abruptly. Do not consult him, but quietly make ;he changes you think necessary. Never tax him to make a decision upon anyhing if it can be avoided. Never let a sick person see, smell or lear anything about food before it is Drought to him. Let each meal be in he shape of a pleasant surprise. Let ;he food be served with dainty neatness. Never let the patient's head as he lies n bed be higher than the throat of the chimney, except for an occasional change of posture, or in diseases of the ¦espiratory organs. Thus he gets all the pure air there is. His head should not be higher than the window and placed so he can see out of it. Let the sick-room be the brightest in the house, and give admittance to all the sunlight the weak eyes can bear. Do not open and shut the door oftener than is absolutely necessary. Do not mislay things so as to be obliged to mnt for them at the moment of wantng to use them. Do not allow a place in the sickroom for flowers emitting a powerful odor, such as tuberoses and hyacinths, 3ut other than highly odorous flowers are often beneficial. Place them where le can see them without much effort, and remove them at night or at the first symptoms of withering. The bed should never be pushed against the wall. Let there be free circulation of air all around it, and space to go in and out without jarring the patient. Do not allow reading aloud unless the patient particularly asks for it, and then it should be discontinued the moment his attention flags. A cheerful countenance in a sickroom cannot be too strongly insisted upon. Even if the nurse be tii'ed, she must be careful to conceal it from her patient.—Ex.