Feed My Sheep E. H. WEBSTER Ere the most patient of all suffering spirits had passed the mortal agony, Peter, grieved, replied, 'thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee.' But as if to require proof of that love he says once more, ' feed my sheep.' Jesus had gathered together a little rlock and now the great consideration was how to protect and keep them, and in his wisdom he saw that if fed with suitable food, they would be sustained and grow to become a powerful influence on the earth. Called out from broad pastures of evil into narrow fields of grace, the heavenly shepherd realized that to make them grow, there must be something more than restraining means, even a full supply of life-giving nourishment, hence his thrice-repeated ejaculation, 'feed my sheep.' But what is the food the spiritual lambs need to aid their growth in the divine life? Can aught be better than the words of Christ adapted to their comprehension, and lived out in loving and continual example ? This must certainly be strengthgiving and sustaining. 'Feed me with food convenient for me,' said the psalmist; and we know that in nature every living thing in order to grow and properly develop, must find the elements its being needs, to form the new particles which are to supply the wearing-out of tissue continually going on. And as the daily bread must do this for the mortal body just as really does the spirit, quickened into life, need spiritual food to make it grow and thrive. When Jesus said 'I have bread to eat that ye know not of,' he only asseverated this idea, for he had become so spiritualized in his life that the ministrations from the spirit-world almost supplied at times, wants which are so pressing to the natural man. And the joy he found in ministering to minds diseased and thereby relieving suffering, was his life and his element. A like devotion to holy uses will make it our meat and our drink to do the will of our Father; and the intense hunger and thirst we feel at times after righteousness, will be filled according to the promise ; for righteousness, which issimply right-doing, right-thinking and rightand yet lingered around his mourningj being, when practiced by each individflock, out of his anguished soul he Jual, will constitute the sum of goodness, breathed the words, ' Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me?' 'Yea, Lord, thou knowest that I love thee.' He saith unto him ' feed my sheep.' Three times he repeated the question, and justice and equity, which will remove the wrongs of earth, and bring about the blessed era when righteousness shall reign. Harvard, Mass.