Notes by the Way. No, 8 HENRY C. BLINN ' He made sad havoc with the king's English ' was the remark of one who had been to hear the great evangelist preach. The criticism may not have been misplaced, although projected by disappointment. Accustomed as he may have been to a gorgeous church, with prayers and sermons in the language of Addison, we are surprised at the mildness of the remark rather than at the severity. This beloved grammarian had no doubt been suffering intensely under a self-imposed penance and surcharged with the nervous torture, had left the meeting thinking only of the sad violations of the rules of syntax. The earnestness and selfabnegation of the Lord's servant, the prayers of the penitent, as well as the hymns of praise, found in his heart no response. The displacing of an adjective or a pronoun at the commencement of a petition, or a doubtful auxiliary before its verb in the sermon, had ruined the artistic effect upon the poor man's mind. There seems to be a strong incentive in some to indulge in the spirit of unkind, and hence unjust criticism. This is often manifested by the publicity which is given to some slight errors of speech or eccentricity of manner, particularly when they occur in a religious assembly. While ignorance may not foreshadow the fruits of godliness, nor crude manners the discipline of the cross of Christ, still, we have reason in believing that if all the exhortations in prayer and teaching which tend to a spiritual life are to be confined within the circle of that class who never err in speech, then most assuredly the disciples of the gospel of good news will not want for space in which to act. Corbett, in his illustrations of language, is said to have obtained most of his examples of false syntax from the speeches delivered in the British Parliament, but do we suppose for a moment, that these grammatical errors wholly destroyed the force of their arguments? Not far in the past, one of collegiate society while addressing an audience on the subject of education, was credited with more than a score of deviations from the rules of orthography and systematic construction of sentences. Fortunately, most of these slight errors among the educated and uneducated pass unobserved. Hence, the potent influence of the revivalist upon the minds of his hearers, when he compares the dealings of the members of the strictest evangelical churches with souls, to the meanness and selfishness that exist in the traffic of this world's goods. He says that the ministers in these same churches may preach their intellectual sermons as smooth as an icicle and fully as cold. Few would stop to recognize an error of speech, THE SHAKER. 43 under the infliction of such a direct shaft. Another writer, after making an extended display of words concerning the Shakers, says that there was something in the woman, Ann Lee, that made her more than woman. ' Without an eloquence which is born of language and the gift of oratory, this unlettered woman could make her hearers literally wet the floor of their meeting-room with their tears.' But our very worthy disciple of Lindley Murray has also learned that Ann Lee, in some of her remarks, violated one or more of the unvarying rules of syntax, which warrants him in saying, that '' Her exhortations made sad havoc with the rules of grammar, but they were models of forcefulness and fervor.' We can hardly conceive wherein lies the beauty or even propriety of that form of expression which accords to the speaker ' models of forcefulness and fervor,' while at the same time they are making sad havoc with the ' rules of grammar.' It seems very much like having an inclination to find fault with somebody or something, and this time it happens to be on the subject of religion. Grammatical precision may be one of the most beautiful attainments in the anticipated language of the angels, and in our making speech, a lovely and heavenly gift. For this attainment every young person should aspire; a neglect by waste of precious moments, will render them culpable before God. But with all the care that we may possibly exercise in this branch of education, it would be the height of folly, to defer all action till the day of our perfection. The wise, clearly-defined admonition, which the Savior set forth in the parable, when an unprofitable servant buried in the earth (in the selfishness of his own life) the gift which God gave him, should be indelibly impressed upon every mind.