Shall we have a Revival ? Let zis have a revival. A Shaker revival means so much, that none will wonder that its coming has been exceedingly slow. Who need a revival more than we do? and how long can we bear to be without one ? We hear very many voices, answering correctly, ' No longer.' Our revival means '•''more of Christ' and can have no reference to any literal creed. A want of growth is stagnation ; and this means more than death. Growth, with us, is not necessarily defined by numerical figures, but by spiritual exertions with what numbers we now have. A revival will not necessarily take us back to the demarcations of our faith and its constituents of an hundred years ago ; but it will demand the consideration of what is rigfht, what is pure, what is just, what is duty for brethren and sisters in Christ to-day ! None ask us to go back and begin the work as it was begun a century since ; with its meager surroundings and unattractive accommodations ; but simple, gospel faith and justice demand goodness on our part; a purity exceeding earthly conditions ; and a love for one another superior to the best demonstration of the golden rule ! Will not such a revival of gospel principles reburnish us, and with increasing brightness? And where is the cause of such a wan of revival? As '''-love is the fulfilling of the gospel law,' so the active prin ciples of love, earnestly engaged in, wil remove and dissipate every hindrance o a revival among us, and such an one as will inspire us to love one another better than ourselves. Say what any Dlease, selfishness is the bone of our dearth, and this dearth, without a revival of principles that are death to selfshness, means more than our dwindling, numerically speaking. A revival of love for the unselfishness of the Christ-life, means a resurrection of ourselves and comrades from all mere sensual indulgences ; and a working faith for the redemption of those ' not of our fold, as yet.' It means, 'be what we are called to be,' and so let our lights shine, that all may see and love our superior life. Let us have a revival! If we would make converts, let us be thoroughly converted. If we would make others feel Christ, we must feel and have Christ ourselves. While tens of thousands are renewing their l'esolutions to a faith in Jesus, let us, gospel friends, and all who love a pure religion, renew our resolutions to a work of Christ in us, that will manifest, through us, deeper concern for the purity, peace, and love of Christ in the household of faith ; and give evidence, by our confidence and love for one another, that Christ is here, which will draw the attention of all the world unto us ! Shall we have a revival ?