An Analysis of Human Society. No. 2 DANIEL FRASER Having classified society according to the organic law of each, and defined the phases thereof, I will now proceed to analyze society, and again inquire: First,—What are the primary atoms of human society? Man and woman are the primary atoms of human society. Second,—What are the forces of these atoms as regards the formation of society ? Their most potent inherent force is an affinity to unite and form matrimonial relationships. This force maybe called the animal force, for all animals, in common with man, are its subjects. They all marry as does man. Third,—The above force is the objective, but what are the inhering forces of each atom? The inhering forces in each are dual; one is represented by animal emotions, the other by divine emotions—benevolence, goodness. There is also a neutral force : the intellect ; it is not emotional; it is a servant to either force. These forces are the magazines of human power. Fourth,—What are the products of the action of the objective force ? The product of the action of these atoms is the Adamic community, consisting of father, mother, and their childi'en. When the offshoots have matured, they fly off to fulfill their destiny, as their pai'ents have done. Here we find, first, a force to form a community ; second, a force to disintegrate the same. And again, a third force, repelling any coalescence with every other such community. Hence family distinctiveness. Having arrived at a knowledge of the forces which create the family relationship, limit its extent, and';maintain its distinctiveness, we become possessed o: a base of operations, to weigh anc measure what they are able to do, anc what they are not able to effect. The forces of the physical world are to some extent, controlled and modifiec by man, but he cannot change them es sentially ; whatever form they may as snrae under his hand, they continue to bear a strict relation to their primary forces. So man or woman, on the Adamic plane or sphere, can be trained till a great change in the common ac ceptation of the term has taken place 3ut, on examination, they are essenially the same, and bear a strict and rue relation to the above forces, and to he sphere thereof. And any attempts of the subjects of said sphere to raise hemselves out of and beyond the power of the forces thereof, by the aid of said brces, must prove a nullity. Hence he formation of communities, embracing a number of families, recognizing the forces alluded to, have all died out, or merely linger along. And so long as the primal forces remain intact, the same results will attend any attempt to establish communities having goods in common. First, because families do not coalesce. Second, communities having goods in common do not admit of a plurality of centers of affection. And, third, utterly rejects the distinctive element. Therefore, Adamic families are incapable of forming communities having goods in common, being under the power of the forces of animal, emotional life, represented by the propensities. Said forces and propensities, being incapable of manifesting divine, emotional life—incapable of forming a universal brotherhood, having one center of affection—God. Seeing there is not a kingdom recognized on earth, where the divine, emotional force predominates, and has taken the mental force and subdued the animal in man, and brought forth an order of society, with law, order and a civilization corresponding thereto, perhaps we may find a single individual who may have focalized in himself such a kingdom. On looking over the past, we find one individual who states ' That his kingdom is not of this world, and that his subjects will not fight.' Here are encouraging indications. But what are the forces by which this Nazarene purposeth to create and vitalize his kingdom ? He says, ''Call no man on earth father.' Here he abrogates the order of the earthly father—the hus band, and of course the wife—the mother. Indeed, so far as his kingdom is concerned, the whole procreative order. And the reason is, 'For one is your father, even He who is in Heaven'— one center of affection—God. And in his own life, Jesus, on this point, gave a practical example, and said, ' Those who do the will of my Father who is in Heaven, the same [all humanity in that state] is my mother, sister and brother.' Here is a new relationship. His Father is in Heaven—in a heavenly sphere ; and those who do the will of his Father— whose every word and act are in harmony with the Father, are also of that sphere, whether they be in a mortal body or not. Here we find that love to God is the vitalizing element, or creative force of Christ's kingdom. And love to those brought forth by that force, brings forth a universal brotherhood—the divine order of human society. Such a kingdom will not be of the world, neither will its government stand in physical power, nor operate by force after the manner of the kingdoms of the animal man. The germ of the Adamic family is very limited in its unfoldings. The germ—love to God, in its unfoldings embraces all humanity. And the voice of that unfolding, is ever, ' Whosoever will, let him come' and inherit he divine life, and the true and good lowing therefrom. Where the life and love of God is hed abroad in human spirits, there is no need to manufacture a community laving goods in common ; it springs up of itself, and is the result of the internal orces of divine relationships. Here we find focalized in Christ, first, a force to create a universal brotherhood ; second, a force to destroy the organizing affinities of the Adamic relationships. Wherever two or three are gathered together in the power of these superior forces, there will be law and government, and an ultimate civilization that eye hath not seen nor ear heard, neither hath it entered the heart of the Adamic man to conceive of. In conclusion, the divine—the Shaker order of human society, and the Adamic, will run parallel through the ages. The latter is the boyhood, the former the true manhood of the race. Shirley, Mass.