God's Word HERVEY L. EADES Notwithstanding the subject of what con- l stitutes God's word has perplexed the world ( for ages and been widely discussed and much { befogged by writers, so that agreement has ^ hitherto seemed impossible, still, I think it can be made plain to the common mind: ( This is the task I have now proposed for my- 1 self. It will first be necessary to state what ' we are to understand by the term God. It is ' hardly sufficient to say the ' Supreme Being,' 1 as a finite being may be supreme over all 1 other finite beings. Such was Christ; but ! Christ was not God, only as God-man, the son of God. We understand by the term ( God in its highest sense to mean, Infinite ! Spirit, omniscient and omnipresent; then to ! speak of more than one Infinite God is child- ' ish, equal to declaring there is no infinite ^ God, but being infinite in his presence, as ' well as his power in all worlds and all places, 1 in all humans and all things, at all times, makes all works his own except that which is changed, obstructed or counteracted by free '¦ agents, and for which the free agents are ' themselves accountable. We admit that the doctrine of free agency is disputed by some philosophers of note, and although we are conscious of this freedom, it is difficult of demonsti-ation in the face of necessity. The non-acceptance of this doctrine is where the honest Hebrew philosopher, Benedict De Spinoza, missed the mark, who, in his Ethics, throws all acts, causes and effects back to infinity, making them rest with God; disagreeing with Locke, who thus manfully comes to the rescue: 'Whatever necessity determines in the pursuit of real bliss, the same necessity with the same force establishes suspense, deliberation and scrutiny of each successive desire, whether the gratification of it does not interfere with our true happiness and mislead us from it. The government of the passions is the right improvement of this liberty,' &amp;c. Now the word of God to free agents, is the operation of the ever-present Infinite Spirit on the higher consciousness of their unfolding. God does not impress his word on any above and beyond the condition to which he has unfolded them, else his word to them would be incomprehensible and therefore void; hence it is not unreasonable to affirm that it was the same God or ever-present Infinite Spirit operating upon the higher consciousness and highest unfolded condition of Moses, when the utterance was 'an eye for an eye,' that operated upon the still higher unfoldment of Christ, when the utterance was 'love your enemies.' To affirm that both were equally God's word, affords no evidence of contradiction or change in the mind of God; it only shows that the latter had attained to a higher state of development than the former, comprehending the attributes of love and mercy, in a degree which the former had not reached, thus doing away with the subterfuge that one God directed Moses, another Christ, and another the Quakers and Shakers, and so on, thus losing sight of the omnipresence of God altogether, and concealing the grand truth that the word of God to all humans, heathens, Protestants, Catholics, Oneidians, Quakers or Shakers, is the operation of the infinite on their higher consciousness, which if obeyed brings present justification to each class, or each individual of such class. But justification is not salvation nor redemption, these are attainable only through Christ; that is by seeking until we find him, where he has 'placed his name for salvation,' and then by ' walking as he walked and overcoming as he overcome.' But we say God is dual: very well, but this, properly understood, does not destroy his unity. He is dual only in the subordinate sense. He exists equally in both male and female; He is therefore male in the masculine, and female in the feminine. The ever-present infinite Spirit speaking by the organs of the man is the Father, the same spirit speaking by the woman is the Mother,—His unity remaining inviolate, and unity and duality are thus recon- j ciled. All the anti-christian fuss about a fixed throne, located in space somewhere ''twixt earth, sea and skies,' is pure fiction, chimera, with no rational basis, as such notion destroys the idea of his infinity. This, however, does not conflict with the idea of his kingdom in heaven, where Christ is the visible head, who is still directed and controlled by the operation of the Divine Essence on his higher consciousness, and to whom all must bow, angels or men. But the God that can go and come from one part of space to another is finite and must be some subordinate creature to whom the term God is applied. Moses and Jesus were God to the people in a subordinate sense, they being the highest unfolded of the race; One under the natural law, the other under the spiritual. The idea is very absurd and finds no support in reason or revelation, of the Infinite focalizing his whole self in either; because whilst operating on their consciousness, He was at the same time operating, holding and guiding millions of worlds and all within them. If the affirmation that ' God cannot possibly be ' in any evil work' be construed to deny the eternal presence, then the affirmation is at fault, because God is either omnipresent, or . He is not. If he is not, He is circumscribed. If he is circumscribed He is finite, and can . be measured when infinity disappears. But . God is ever present, in the cyclone, in the i fire that warms, or that which reduces cities . to ashes. He is equally in the flint of the : winged and quivering arrow of the wild In. dian on its errand of death, as in his heart to . condemn or approve, or in that of angels or ; men on errands of mercy and love. That it ; has been his will to impart free agency to f man, who may do evil or good at pleasure, i does not deny in the least degree the ever-existing Eternal Presence. But to further elu: cidate, we return to Gospel ministers. Being : appointed from above, when they speak or . act free from every earthly bias or passional r influence, either in or out of themselves, being moved in obedience to the Infinite Spirit operating upon their higher consciousness, or in obedience to the more highly unfolded ministers or agents before them, they simply are agents or tools in the hands of God, when what they say is the word of God and what they do is the act of God, which would be sin for them to withhold or to change, and which should be freely accepted by all under them; notwithstanding such ministers or appointed agents may have many imperfections to contend with in common with the rest of their brethren and sisters. Christ himself was tempted in all things like his brethren. No excuse for disobedience to the law of Christ, or God through him, or his appointees, should be made in consequence of this. Now of appointments : Some one or ones must be appointed to lead in every department of Christ's kingdom, either in heaven or on earth. To make it a God-appointment, the appointing power must be freed from selfish, ness and passional bias. Then such appointments should be acquiesced in by all. Because some such fail to properly fulfill the call, is no argument against this conclusion. One of Christ's was a failure. The false but popular democratic cry of1'Vox fofuli, Vox Dei' is at variance with the whole genius, tenor, structure and very existence of Christ's kingdom, which is a Theocracy pure and simple, and every iota of democracy that finds lodgment therein only has the tendency to lower its status and cause it to interblend with the kingdoms and communities of the world,_and make it both 'common and unclean.' Ours is the antipode of democracy; the one being the government of God, the other of men; the heads of one being appointed by God above them, the heads of the other by men below them. The one is from above, the other from beneath. When Christ said to the Pharisees in the temple, 'Ye are from beneath, I am from above,' He did not mean that they came from some nether world up through a hole in the ground; no more than he did that he came down from some supernal world through a hole in the sky. He simply meant to convey to them ' that they were actuated from the lower regions and impulses, whilst his promptings were from the higher, theirs from beneath, his from above. But they were natural and carnal and could not understand him. ' You have not chosen me but I have chosen you,' said Christ, and so it must remain in solid contrast with all other communities of earth. We are not chosen by the world, but chosen out of the world. All the external gazing and clatter about this great day of scientific progress which is attempting to make of Christ a myth, to shun : his cross, and all the twaddle about more elbow room, throwing off priestly shackles, : and asserting personal rights and removing : necessary restrictions within the kingdom, comes from an overweening conceit and a * restless worldly animal nature that is ever ! pleading for more indulgence. It never ¦ comes from the truly spiritual side of their : being. This, under all circumstances, is ' ever childlike, simple, unobtrusive, thankful, prayerful, meek, loving, good, forbeari ing, forgiving, unretaliating, holy, happy and '¦ angelic. Who would not choose this state i at the expense of fettering and crucifying the &gt; world within? : South Union, Ky.