Shaker Faith and Practice To the man or woman who strives for an earthly competence, indifferent as to the future, so long as present comfort is secured, Shaker life must appear strangely phenomenal. All the comforts of the world seem removed from Shaker households and Shaker lives! Instead of this being the case, let us give a correct understanding. A Shaker looks upon this life as a preparatory condition for another. The engagement of 'living while we live,' in the fullest indulgence of the passions, we know adds bluntness to our spiritual perceptions and sensations, and we cheerfully relinquish the less for the more valuable. A Shaker, with such feelings and knowledge, could not engage in the various indulgences common to earthly men and women, nor with any pleasure ! What these latter term pleasure, in selfish, sexual, scortative loves and lusts, would be hell on earth, and everywhere else, to the Shaker ! Nor is it because we have been taught that Jesus, his disciples, our foun'ders, and our present leaders live virgin, self-denying lives, that maintains a faith in us, that strengthens us to live likewise. Personal experience —a baptism from the Christ heavens__ leaves no room for doubt, that though others take what course they please, as for us, they must grant us the right of virgin celibacy, or we shall have plenty of hell upon earth. You worldlings pity us, because of our loss of the pleasures you are enjoying, little thinking how we pity you ; and that we estimate your longest lives of fullest, sensual pleasures, unequal to the justification and happiness of our virginhood for 4=6 THE SHAKER. even a single day ! You heap up riches ; we lay up none ; contented we to share together, and equally, the sustenance of this life. You die, leave your riches ; we go hence, and take ours with us. Yours are earthly, changeable, soulstarving ; ours are just as eternal, unchangeable and nourishing as yours are the reverse. As far as in us lies the power, we endeavor to practice here, what your imaginations, educations and hopes picture to you as the works of a future heaven. It is easy to perceive that you must change your practices, to live as the angels do. It is as easy to perceive that we are now living after the manner of those resurrected souls who form the company with whom you have great expectations to associate in the future ! Did you never think of this? If we, the Shakers, and our practices of virgin celibacy, peace, communion of interests, general and particular freedom from sin, are distasteful now, what is ever going to change your views and create a love for these practices in the future world? Strange it is, but none the less true, that while nearly every denomination of religious people is diametrically opposed to Shaker life and practice in this world, all agree that the place called heaven is peopled with angelic beings who live extremely like the Shakers ! While nearly every denomination professes extreme faith in Jesus, nearly all lose sight of the fact that Jesus lived, and lives now, just as the Shakers do ! and all are soon to learn that Jesus' life is the element, and only saving element, upon which they can rely for their salvation. We believe in blood, Bro. Moody, but it is a blood, that means, every time, the life of Jesus—hence, ours is not a bloodless religion. We are a simple, childlike people. Content to know and feel a Christ in our daily lives, we have our Savior with us. And without the cross of a daily self-denial against the bad and good of an earthly, un-Jesus-like life—without a continual testimony against the elements of the world—the lusts of the flesh, of money, of lands, of buildings, and all mere creature comforts, we never can be saved, though a thousand Jesuses suffer crucifixion yearly, popes, bishops, ministers and churchal creeds to the contraiy, notwithstanding.