Epitomic History of the Watervliet Shakers No. 2 D. A. BUCKINGHAM Of their location. In the first settlement of believers at Watervliet, the place selected for location by the early pioneers was about seven miles northwest from Albany, in a dense forest, beside a small stream, along which was a dismal swamp of huge bogs, wild grass and weeds. The stream of water coursed its way rather northward, but so very winding in its course it was judged that four rods would make scarcely one when straightened. It frequently formed little pools or sloughholes, some three, four, and five feet in depth. Where now stands the principal building of the Church family, there was then a pool of water nearly eight feet in depth, and served as a place of resort and amusement for the young in swimming and washing. This said stream, since called and inown as ' Scherluyn creek,' was shortly after straightened by cutting an entirely new channel, while the old one and the many slough-holes connected therewith, wrere filled with dirt and sand drawn from the hills some short distance away. It was the practice of the leaders and all the male portion of the family, with some of the females, :o turn out occasionally, cutting and piling bogs, and filling up the deep boles. But soon the bogs would again appear and then another conflict would ensue to subdue them ; and so it continued, one scene after another, season after season, until one dry summer settled the controversy, for the ground and bogs took fire, which destroyed them. Finally a portion of the lowland wras so much improved as to yield a wild grass, which could be secured by the brethren conveying it to the rising ground on poles. It would require much space to describe the then appearance of the place, to show the difference between that and what a visitor would now behold. Tens of thousands of loads of sand have been carted or carried from the sand-hills not far distant, to fill holes and raise the low-land for acres around where the village of the Church family now stands. For many years it was the practice for all who were able to work, to turn out with teams and equipages on Saturday afternoons to draw sand for these purposes. Often when digging for water, laying drains or aqueducts, we now come upon old stumps, logs or trees, three, four and more feet under ground, which have been hid from public view for seventy-five or one hundred years, which still are as sound as a nut. Elder John Hocknell, one of the number that came from England, did much in the line of clearing the land. He seemed to take pleasure in subduing the bogs anil digging out old stumps. Morrell Baker, Jr., one of the active laborers and a scribe of those days, writes : ' When I consider how much labor we performed, and how well we soon began to live under existing circumstances, it seems to me almost a miracle ; for one half of the work then done brought no immediate profit, but was only fixing the face of the earth for the benefit of after generations, and laying a foundation for the future ; and in all this we never hired a day's labor to assist us. 42 THE SHAKER,. 'Some have wondered how we per- e formed so much and lived; but the i story is short and easily told. It was S this : When there was any hard job to t be done, all had notice of it beforehand ( and prepared themselves for the task, i and to move at the call. None were : excused who were able to go. No ' matter for individual business, whether t profitable or not. ' Our union is our t strength,' was the motto, and herein 1 was the profit and the blessing. The * deacons led the band and all moved as : the heart of one. Consequently the hills were laid low, the^ valleys raised, ( and the rough places made smooth.'