EDITORIAL NOTES Every liberal, genuine Shaker looks with large interest upon the numerous revivals of the religious elements in our country at the present time. Every conversion from bad to better, from good to very good, is of the gospel of Christ. What though this conversion does not embody the particular essentials of the Christ-life, which make us his peculiar followers, is not every approach to the religious life of Jesus, a definite, gospel conversion ? The gospel of Christ ante-dated Jesus. The people must first be convicted of, anc converted from their sins before the clearer light of the New Creation can effect its work of conversion from the good of the old to the superior life of the new. Let us pray that all the people may love Jesus so well that they will never rest satisfied until they make the distinguishing features of his life their love and life. Then, O, how they will love the Shakers! A Canadian divine has been giving the people of the provinces some very plain talks upon balls, nocturnal dancing, etc., and very justly attributes much of the sins of seduction, lascivious crimes generally, with the 'beslavered clawing of lustful libertines, ready to pounce upon virtue at the first opportunity,' to the designing intrigues of co-sexual dancing. He created quite an uproar, —quite a flutter upon the hit birds,— when he told of the Turk, who, after witnessing a waltz, asked : ' And what followed ?' We commend these labors of the Rev. McDonagh, even at the expense of a seeming inconsistency. Some portion of our Shaker worship is called dancing; but its every intention is the very reverse of the 'beastly, lustful, envious and murderous' practices to which he alludes, and for which purposes balls, etc., were inaugurated to encourage. Introduce Shaker testimony once into a ball-room, and there will be a scattering of forces, accompanied by an embarrassment unequaled even by the discovery of sheep-stealing ! If we dance, we do so to intensify our hatred to the flesh ; and each sex, on its own side of the house, rises in the dance quite superior to any thoughts, even, of carnal contact or indulgence. So far, Rev. McDonagh, you are a Shaker ! God speed you. Every uttered expression, of any diminution of Shaker influence in this world, having any guaranty of reason for the utterance, is an added count against the progress of Christianity. The basest charge that has been made for years against Shakerism is, that it too literally, too really, too nearly represents the life of Christianity's author, to be at all agreeable to the senses! Who would lend a helping hand to progress the Christian cause, should not be deterred by an acquaintance of the similarity of the lives of Jesus and the Shakers ! Lend a hand, regardless of prejudices. Among many other foolish controversies agitating pulpit acrobats to-day, the monstrous Trinity doctrine is very conspicuous. The Unitarians perform feats of remarkable agility, demolishing, to their satisfaction, the triune theory ; and the Trinitarians, in turn, attempting to outdo their adversaries in their every endeavor. If these silly people woulc all read and ponder Romans i : 20, they would, we should hope, agree to drop their sophistries, and simply learn that God is dual—male and female—after whose images were created Adam anc Eve, and all things else, 'from the creation of the world.' 'Except ye become as little children,' many of the simplest truths will be subjected to the mystification of learned magicians, or performing ministers. Our mission, through The Shaker, and otherwise, is to shed light in dark places. To be a reminder to the people of 'the way, the truth and the life' of him, 'In whom was life, and this life was [and is] the light of men.' In the hope and belief, that in this world of thousands of millions souls, and among the millions disembodied, there may be some who are hungering for the life-influences our faith imparts ; and to whom illustrations of these influences will be the grand desiderata—for these objects only, The Shaker lives. Those who sustain it do so with no expectation of full recompense; but in this support, as in many other respects, the Shakers are proving themselves the best friends of humanity, by giving up their worldly, selfish lives, to take up unworldly, Christian practices, which are as eternal as the heavens, and the 'salt' of the earth.