Christian Culture. No, 4 WM. H. BUSSELL LITERATURE. Character is formed, partly, by the influences which affect vis. This is a simple truism, yet of the utmost importance to human welfare. Bodily health depends as much upon climatic influences, upon the food which the system demands for the maintenance of its vigor, as upor the care of the individual to act in ac cordance with the laws of health. The best constitution is often undermined by exposure to certain atmospheric con ditions, though the greatest care may be taken to guard against deleterious in ffuences. It is just so with mental anc moral health. The literary atmosphere seems almos as widely diffused as that invisible sub stance which surrounds the earth, en wrapping all with a garment of multi plied and varied folds. Literature, of whatever kind, is of human origin, and, like everything else human, is of varied character. The term is here taken in its broadest extent, embracing not only the books and periodicals to which that name is commonly applied, but also all others, whether styled political, scientific, or religious. All of these classes have their objectionable features; not all equally offensive, by any means, for some are comparatively harmless, while others are, to the last degree, pernicious. They all have their excellencies, also, and these alone, of course, can be of any service in genuine culture. Religious literature is a stream having its sources in remote antiquity, of diminutive size at first, but becoming deeper and broader all the way down through the ages. In the course of time, certain writings, as the Veda of the Indians, the Zend Avesta of the Persians, the Koran of the Mohammedans, and the Bible of the Christians, acquired a character of sacredness beyond all others, either because their authors declared them to have emanated, directly or indirectly, from the Divine Mind, or because long use as religious teachings gave them that character. The Christian zealot regards his Bible as pre-eminently sacred, and the only one of all religious books meriting the title of God's Word. Thus the poet Cowper: 'All truth is from the sempiternal source Of light divine. But Egypt, Greece and Rome Drew from the stream below. More favored we Drink, when we choose it, from the fountain head.' But error, wherever found, cannot give genuine culture. The Christian name is no better than any other if it does not represent absolute truth, or, in its primitive simplicity, embody a greater number of essential truths than any other. If the teachings of Jesus proclaim the true character of the Divine Being, then many utterances found in the Bible ascribed to God himself, must be pronounced erroneous, no matter what degree of sacredness they may have acquired by age, because they do not accord with those teachings. The life of Jesus is to be regarded as a true life, because it truly sets forth the infinite and all-attracting love ; and, as a necessary sequence, all others differing in their essential characteristics from his, are not to be taken as models upon which to form true character. It is not necessary to point out the discrepancies between many of the teachings found in portions of the Bible and those of Jesus. Every one who is sufficiently imbued with the Christ spirit, and exercises the discriminating power which its inspirations give, may easily perceive the dif ference. Such may well ask— ' Is Christ the abler teacher,' or the Book? ' If Christ, then why resort, at every turn,' To Moses, or to Solomon, 'for wisdom shor Of man's occasions, when in him reside Grace, knowledge, comfort—an unfathomec store ? ' By following Moses rather than Christ and misunderstanding Paul, who aban doned the former in favor of the latter superior teacher, many theologians sine Christ's day have promulgated some of lie absurdest theories of religious truth aat have ever been presented to the luman mind for its acceptance. Thus did some of the 'Christian fathers,' so called, in the early centuries of the Christian era. Notably so did the Reformers, who broke lances with their Catholic opponents but a few centuries since. And so all along from their times to the present, from their pulpits, by written or extemporaneous discourse, or by published pamphlet or ponderous tome, theologians of various names have instilled these so-called Christian doctrines into the minds of the people. The shelves of many of the great libraries in Europe and America groan under the burden of accumulated errors. Well would it be if all the groans caused by error were confined there !