My Dear Children : Let us enter the Grotto with feelings of sincere reverence 'or all that is good. It is a pleasure or me to think of you all as very good children; and if you answer affirmatively to ;his description, then my present subject will :&gt;e appropriate and comforting to you. Every good parent loves his or her children the beter for every added manifestation of honesty; whether the manifestations are the commision of good deeds, correction of mistakes, or failure to make mistakes. 'Honesty is the best policy,' has been repeated for ages to children, that they might learn that t is as good for their whole lives as at the present. It is the aim of this little talk to explain why it is the best policy, and why, nstead of honesty in all things being a dread, it should always be a pleasure. The story of ' George Washington and his hatchet,' is kept alive by repetition, because of its beautiful conclusion ; and as with this story, so it is and will be with every honest word and way with you. Even if you are very good the most of the time, you will carelessy or purposely at other times do or say that vhich is wrong, as my experience with the jest of children has proved. When you have done or said anything that is wrong, the question with the good child is: 'What SHALL I DO TO MEND MY MISTAKE ?' I will tell you: Be honest, be even better than Washington, do not wait until you are found out, go at once, resolutely, but sorrowfully, and tell your parents or care-taking friend, ust what you have said or done. Do you think : 'I am afraid? ashamed? what will my mother or care-taker think of me ?' My dear children: afraid of what? ashamed of what? will mother or care-taker think of what? Dismiss at once and forever such thoughts, for they are untrue and dishonest. Your friends know you are liable to make mistakes and very likely just what those mistakes will be, and when you go directly, or at the first convenient season, and truthfully confess your faults, even if you go ten times in a day you will ever find a warm place in the hearts of your parents or friends. Perhaps, to help you to do so no more,—this is what is meant by repentance,—they may impose some punishment upon you; but, by your confession, you have taken the sting and dread out of all the punishment that may be inflicted; and this will ever be light and easy compared to the needed and merited punishment of the dishonest, unconfessed child. By your confessions, you show a willingness to punish yourselves; and this punishment of confession, you should understand, is the best of help over all hard places in life, over evil habits, over all inclination to wrong, and into the happiest condition of noble manhood and womanhood, that has ever been discovered. One of the ancients raised his arm to strike his servant; but instead of striking him, held his arm aloft, and when found an hour afterwards with his arm uplifted, he said he was punishing an angry man ! It has been Shaker counsel for scores of years to correct the mistakes of the day before going to rest at night. I know of no other practice that I could or would rather persuade you to enter into ; for there is, my dear children, an unequaled nobleness in confession. Once when in Boston, speaking with some parents upon this beautiful custom among us, they expressed their extreme admiration of it, and determined to introduce it to their children at once. In return, I felt one sorrow for them ; and this was when their brows clouded and their enthusiasm cooled at my remark : ' If you would succeed well with the children, you must practice this rule yourselves!' Dear children, all the confessions and punishments and honors that come from these, are not for you alone, they are as necessary for us who are older and aged as for you. But here is where you have the advantage: THE SHAKER-. 4,7 By confessing and forsaking your wrongs while you are young, you will enter into a course of life which demands no repentance, no change of heart. But from all who do wrongly there is the necessity of an honorable confession, and added to this, a repentance that changes the heart to the beauty of a pure, true Christ-life.