FARM ITEMS The currant-worm is easily dispelled... The currant-worm is easily dispelled by rearing a few broods of chickens in the vicinity of the bushes. Give Paris a wide berth... Give Paris-green a wide berth until you have fully tested air-slacked lime, as a preventive and cure for the potato-bugs. Begin early in the season, and dust the plants while the dew is on, or after a rain. Let every farmer know... Let every farmer know that there is no more useful medicine,—one so generally demanded,—than sweet-oil. For choking, bloating, etc., olive-oil is an indispensable necessity, and may be used freely without harm. Save all the soot... Save all the soot for dusting or manuring plants. It is a stimulus to flowers and gar den-bushes, dispersing lice and bugs. Drench a half-bushel of soot in an hundred gallons o water, and use freely in conservatories or garden. Agricultural journals are commenting extensively... Agricultural journals are commenting extensively and favorably of the method o using the coulter on plows, as introduced by The Shaker for May. Some have had cuts made, illustrating the manner of affixing the coulter so as to give the drawing-cut. From what we know of this suggestion, we are con fident every farm-horse and ox will rende thanks for its practical enforcement. Feeding values and effects Feeding values and effects.—'Please state the relative merits or values of corn a $2 per 100 pounds, oats at $1.75 per 100 pounds, bran at 65 cents per 100, and barley at $2 per 100 pounds, for feeding work-horses ?hese are the prices of horse-feed here. How much bran will be equivalent to four quarts of corn? We have not produced enough corn or oats to feed our teams for a year. Our crop of wheat was good, and bran is cheaper than ever before here by ten cents per hundred-weight.'—T., Fort Collins, Col. * * * ' What is the relative value of oats and corn for horse-feed? Which is the healthier to feed alone, and which is the more profitable to grow for consumption on the farm, where all the manure which can be made is needed? Likewise, which takes up the most strength from the ground? And lastly, in cultivating and cropping an orchard of young apple-trees, eight to ten years old, which is preferable?'—Farmer, Meadville, Penn. Basing the answer to T.'s question on the proportion of digestible fodder-constituents in these several articles of fodder, as determined by numerous experiments in Germany, we should have the following results: Calling the feeding value of one hundred pounds of corn 200, that of one hundred pounds of oats would be 175, of barley 190, and that of bran 175. Therefore, eight pounds of bran would be about equal to seven pounds or four quarts of corn. In practice, the feeding value of bran may not come so near that of corn as is indicated by these calculations; but still there can be but little doubt that wheat-bran, at 65 cents per hundred-weight, is much cheaper fodder than corn at $2, provided that the animals thrive equally well on both. As to the comparative effect of oats and corn on the soil, in answer to Farmer, it is sufficient to consider that while the weight of an average crop of oats is but about 1600 lbs. of grain, that of a crop of corn is about 2750 pounds; and, therefore, even if we do not take into account the much greater weight of the stalks and leaves of the corn as compared with the oats, it is evident enough that the corn-crop must make a heavier draft on the supplies of plant-food in the soil than the oats. The oats would, therefore, in your orchard, rob the apple-trees of much less nutriment than would the corn; but, on the other hand, the cultivation that corn requires when it is properly cared for would be so beneficial to the trees that the evil of its greater exhaustive effect might be almost counterbalanced.—New York Tribune. Carding the cattle Carding the cattle.—A good idea, that of Bro. Tinkham, of the Green Mountain Freeman, to utilize the old worn up corn brooms in the cattle stables. 'We have seen people,' he says, 'card cattle when we thought neither carder nor animal much enjoyed it; the animal would cringe and shrink away from the card, and the carder would tear round and scold, 'because it did not keep still, evidently not thinking this was the only way the animal had of telling him he hurt. You never see a man rubbing his back against the door-casing unless it itches,nor do cows care to be carded unless they have the same occasion, and then not hard enough to make it a pain instead of a pleasure. We have found an old broom cut oft'up near the 'tying' to be an excellent article for grooming cows, especially about the roots of the tail, where a card will not work ; while not harsh enough to be painful, it will scratch nicely and reach where the card will not. About as much solid comfort as usually falls to the lot of mortals in this wicked world, may be taken by the man who loves animals in seeing them stretch themselves under his brush, or follow him about and poke their noses under his arm, or hold down their heads to be scratched, as natural as folks. Try the old broom, boys, and see how it works.'