Notes by the Way, No. 9 HENRY C. BLINN ' How little is correctly known concerning us.' We take this notice from a letter of one of our gospel friends, who is in a neighboring state on a mission of peace. Shall we not, with equal propriety, add—How very little we do to extend this so much needed correct knowledge of our order. More than a hundred years have already passed since the word of God was delegated to mortals, by which we were called out from the world. Our publications have been very limited. They have been sufficient, however, to render us ample information of the trials and perils which they passed through to establish the home which, to thousands since that day, has proved, in the fullness of the term, a haven of rest for both soul and body. One of the greatest of blessings is a good home, surrounded by all the necessai'y comforts of life, and in daily association of friends who have been proved faithful by the cross of Christ; but a greater blessing, by far, is to be able to publish the gospel of ' glad tidings,' and verify the truth of this by practical demonstration. If most of the information existing in society at the present time represents our order in an obscure or false light, then that information, in many cases, proves very injurious to the Society, and should we not, on our part, study to modify this state of wrong education. We may be both ignorantly and maliciously represented. The effect upon society is often the same. Whoever has been thus unfortunate, as to suffer from evil report, knows full well the magical influence of the traducer upon society. There may be much in our order that is not as it should be ; and, happily for us, we do not, as yet, claim to have reached the perfected state ; but if the principles of the order were more fully and clearly represented, and better understood, I think we should grow more in favor with God and man.' Our gospel fathers and mothers, who have passed on before us, were firm and fearless in their testimony against every phase of wrong doing; but, as a general thing, held their peace and their faith as St. Paul advised,—'have it to thyself before God ; ' and when their enemies sought to injure them by slanderous reports, it was their custom to silently bear the stigma. Perhaps it was the most judicious course they could have taken. At any rate, it was their way. As the population of the country rapidly increases, so in proportion do the silly and designing stories increase in the minds of corresponding men and women. The age of our church has thrown into the woi-ld hundreds, if not thousands, of disappointed, unprincipled and malicious-minded seceders, whose reports are heralded from city to city. All this needs a counteracting influence, and an invitation for a closer inspection into the principles which underlie the gospel work, and into the practical lives of those who form the order. To-day we live in a land of publications. Thousands and thousands of printing presses are running day and night, and from ten to twenty thousand impressions of books, pamphlets and papers are thrown out upon the world every hour, from a large number of these presses. It is emphatically a reading age. Every form of trade, every phase of professional life, and, no less, every order of religious organization, must publish their programme if they wish to be known. Religious bodies, like dealers in merchandise, must place before the world what ttiey wish to have accepted ; and this should be done day after day, so long as the world stands. It needs an illustration of their creeds, forms, ceremonies, and the order of the cross under which they live, whether it be of Adam, Moses, Jesus or Paul, and then allow the children of this world the privilege of accepting or refusing. To neglect this, is to neglect the education of the public mind. If neglected, we might as well fold our hands and brace ourselves securely in the corner, and demand bread, as to think of securing, in this manner, either religious progress or prosperity. The social life of the Shakers should be better known. The rules and regfulations which govern them from day to day ; the care which they exercise over each other, and that which is given to the children that they receive into the society, and, above all, the discipline of the cross of Christ, which is the light of life to the order. We should adopt no rules, nor admit any practice, of which we need be ashamed. If, through the providence of God, this spiritual work is committed to our trust, does it not follow that, as is our interest, so will be our prosperity ?