ANN LEE. A SKETCH OF HER HISTORY AND CHAKACTER Ann Lee was born Feb. 29, 1736, in Manchester, England. She was the daughter of a blacksmith, an onest man, but too poor to send his family to school, nd Ann did not learn to read nor write. She was rought up in habits of industry, working in factoies, and at one time as a cook in the Manchester inrmary, and was always ' distinguished for faithfuless, neatness, prudence, and economy.' The Shaker Communities are born in her image in respect to lese practical virtues, and we may no doubt trace leir neglect of education to her example. She was thoughtful child, ami early subject to religious imressions. It is said also that she conceived in her ery youth a great abhorrence of the sexual relation, s impure and abominable. She was married, notwithstanding, and had four children; but, as they all led in infancy, her domestic experience may have iily increased her repugnance to what before she nought sufficiently odious. If her condemnation of narriage was a revolt, as some suppose, from the ife of suffering that this series of disastrous births mposed upon her, it would be hardly more than natiral. At the age of twenty-three, subsequent to her marriage troubles, she became united to a sect in the neighborhood of Manchester called Shakers. This sect was an offshoot of the Quakers, holding similar views, but remarkable for greater physical manifestations, such as dancing, shouting, trembling, etc., from which they received the name of Shakers. They seem to have had a great deal of genuine illlumination and spiritual power. Ann soon became a wonderful medium of the supernatural influence that was working among them, and was wrought upon in a surprising manner for the space of nine years, alternating between deep spiritual suffering and heavenly visions and revelations. One who was well acquainted with her at this time describes her experience thus: ' In watchings, fastings, tears and incessant cries to God, she labored day and night for deliverance from the very nature of sin; and that, under the most severe tribulation of mind, and the most violent temptations and bufletings of the enemy; the agony of her soul was often so extreme as to occasion a perspiration of blood. Sometimes, for whole nights together, her cries, screeches and groans were such as to fill every soul around with fear and trembling. By these painful sufferings and deep morliiieations her flesh sometimes wasted away like that of a person in consumption, till she became so weak and emaciated that her friends were obliged to support and nourish her like a helpless infant; although she possessed by nature a sound and strong constitution, and an invincible fortitude of mind. Though Ann was wrought upon in this manner, more or less for the space of nine years, yet she often had intervals of releasement, in which her bodily strength and vigor were sometimes miraculously renewed, and her soul was at times filled with heavenly visions and divine revelations. By these means the way of God and the nature of his work gradually opened upon her mind with increasing light and understanding.' During these nine years, though hor manifestations were the source of great enlightenment and strength to the society, she lived in all obedience to the leaders, without assuming any special claim to respect. In 1770 she was imprisoned with others of the society, on the charge of violating the Sabbath by their noisy demonstrations in their meetings; and in the prison she had a new and extraordinary revelation. She had been in deep prayer to G od that he would show her what was the real foundation of man's loss, and how he could be recovered and saved from sin, which she had ceased to hope for from any religion yet obtained, when,according to the words of her biographer, ' her soul was filled with divine light, and the mysteries of the spiritual world were brought clearly to her understanding. She had a full view of the mystery of iniquity! of the root and foundation of human depravity, and of the very act of transgression in the garden of Eden. Here she saw whence and THE SHAKER. wherein all mankind were lost from God, and clearly realized the only possible way of recovery.' On coming out of prison she communicated to the society this revelation; and her testimony it was said was accompanied with such searching power that ' all who heard her were tilled with fear and trembling ; they saw that the candle of the Lord was in her hand, and she was able to search every heart, and try every soul among them; and from that time she began to be acknowledged as the visible leader of the church of God upon earth.' She henceforth ' bore an open testimony against the lustful gratifications of the flesh, as the source and foundation of human corruption, and testified in the most plain and pointed manner that no soul could follow Christ in the regeneration while living in the works of natural generation.' Some of the society received her testimony, while others rejected it. Of those who received it, it is said they had visions, revelations and gifts; while those who rejected it fell back into darkness and the common course of the world. Mother Ann, as she was now called, remained the center of a little band in England about four years, when, by special revelation, she was directed to repair to America, where it was promised the millennial church should be established, Eight of her most faithful followers accompanied her, including her husband and brother. A story is told of the Shakers on the passage as follows: The captain had forbidden their peculiar demonstrations on board; but they, fearing God rather than man, went forth in the dance with songs and shoutings. The captain was enraged, and threatened to put them overboard, actually proceeding to carry out his threat, when a plank starting, the ship sprang a leak, and he was glad of their assistance at the pumps. They were in great peril, but Mother Ann maintained her confidence in God, and said, ' Captain, be of good cheer; there shall not a hair of our heads perish; we shall all arrive safe at America.' Shortly after, a wave struck the ship with great violence and closed the plank into its place, which wonderful circumstance was viewed by all on board as nothing less than a miraculous interposition of Providence. Mother Ann arrived in New York, August, 1774. She seems to have lived in that city the most of the time for two years, though part of her company went up the river to Albany, and she made them occasional visits. They were ail dependent on their owrn labor, and she found a place in a respectable family where she washed and ironed for her support. Her husband was employed by the same family. In the course of her life in New York, he apostatized from the faith and opposed Mother Ann's testimony, urging her to renounce it and live like the rest of the world. She said she was willing to do anything for him but violate her duty to God. He said if she refused to live with him as a wife, he would take another woman, which he did, and thus ended the connection between Mother Ann and Abraham Stanley. In September, 1776, Mother Ann and her company collected together and made a settlement in the woods of Watervliet, where they quietly occupied themselves, mid the tumults of the Revolutionary war, in improving their circumstances, while they waited for the opening of their testimony at the appointed time. They went on with their rugged labor, and held their solemn meetings there in the wilderness three years and a half, when the time came, as inmie-. diately foretold by Mother Ann, for their showing to the world, in the year 1779-80 a great religious excitement occurred in New Lebanon and the towns adjacent, which was characterized by singular physical manifestations. Some of the subjects of these manifestations visited Watervliet, and there they thought they found the key to their experiences. The report of these visitors brought others, and the fame of Mother Ann was soon extended far and wide, and converts increased rapidly, coming out oi' ail tienominations and from all parts of the country. Her personal power in testimony appears to have been wonderful, and there is no doubt she was charged with a superhuman life, which kindled a lire wherever it passed. The spirit of persecution naturally arose, and under a charge of treasonable correspondence with the enemy of the nation, Ann Lee and some of her leading adherents were put in prison; but they were released after five months, there being no evidence to justify their imprisonment. The attempt to suppress them in this way, was more than a failure, of course. It was th^occasion of extensive increase. The following year Mother Ann with six of her associates made a journey into Massachusetts, as far as Harvard, visiting on their way many who had embraced their testimony, holding meetings, and beingvisited by great multitudes hi the towns they passed through. It was at once a triumphal tour and a march to the cross. They suffered constant personal abuse, and in some places narrowly escaped with their lives; but our authority says, 'they were blessed in their labors with many powerful gifts o God, and succeeded iu planting the word of God in the hearts of many.' They were gone two years and seem to have left the germs of several Shakei Communities which have since flourished in Massa chusetts. Mother Ann died soon after returning to Watervliet, when she could not have been more.than forty eight years old. Her work was short and swift She was certainly a prophetic character, who had»a mission like an arrow from the bow of the mighty, vhich she fulfilled and suddenly disappeared. It is impossible to study the record of Ann Lee and believe that she was an impostor or hypocrite. She had a spiritual guidance and was faithful to it. Her strength was her sincerity. She sought not the lonor of man. She does not appear to have assumed any such place as her followers have given her. Her iccepting the title of Mother was not without example. There was a Mother in the Manchester Society which she came out of. James and Jane Wardley were the 'ministry' of that Society, and Jane Wardley was called Mother. Ann Lee joined them by confessing her sins to Mother Jane. She was not a vulgar egotist. If she was ambiious, she knew the true secret of leadership—how ;o abase herself and to be among her disciples as )ue that served. She frequently waited on those ;hat came to see her with all the attention and assiduity of a menial. She set the first example of all he precepts she inculcated. No one can doubt that she was pure in her sense of purity. She established the law of celibacy, but otherwise he Shaker system appears to have been intellectualized and developed by her successors rather than lerself. She is said to have foretold the order which ler followers have come into, and this order embodies her spirit, as every one can see; yet it was not until after her death and that of her immediate successor, that the Shakers entered into Communism. She appointed James Whittaker—one of the eight from England—her successor. He lived only three rears, and was succeeded by Joseph Meacham, a Watervliet convert, an efficient business man, who, in the space of five years, collected families of believers together and founded twelve Shaker Communities—the first and parent society at New Lebanon, and eleven others in different places in Massachusetts, Connecticut and New York. He was the real author of the Shaker organization, and they are indebted to his practical sagacity for much of their success, though Ann Lee prepared the moral material, without which he could have done nothing. Her favorite doctrine, next to celibacy, was thrifty habits—industry, prudence, economy. She says to her young converts on the one hand, 'You have a privilege to take up your crosses in the prime of your activity; if you take up your crosses against the lust of the flesh, while you have power to please yourselves, you offer to God the first fruits of your lives; and there is a glorious crown for all who take up their cross against the flesh in this world.' On the other hand, she says, ' You must be diligent with your hands, for godliness does not lead to idleness. The devil tempts others, but an idle person tempts the devil. When you are at work doing your duty as the gift of God, the devil can have no power over you, because there is no room for temptation.' Here is her righteousness on the right hand, and on the left celibacy arid thrifty habits. She had visions and revelations as wonderful as Swedenborg's, we should judge, but she did not bestow their tediousness upon the world, as he did. She was more like Christ in that she was a doer, instead of a talker or writer. Her words were few. But she really left a stupendous work, one that has been the admiration of mankind. The American Cyclopaedia says: ' It is a fact worthy of n6te, that the Shakers are the only people on this continent, if not in the world, wTho have maintained successfully for more than seventy years a system of living, one of the fundamental principles of which is community of property.' And the author of The Millennial Church said truly, writing thirty years ago, that the system of a full united interest had never been established and maintained for any considerable length of time except in two instances; that of the Pentecostal church, and the Shakers. Ann Lee appointed her successor, and the Shakers have received their leaders by that method of election ever since. Each ministry has been appointed by its predecessor. In this the Shakers take for then example oth the Jewish and Christian dispensations God appointed Moses, they say, and Moses appointed Joshua. God also selected David from the sons of Jesse, and David- selected Solomon from his own sons. It was when the Israelites departed from this manner of succession, that they were plunged in po litical troubles. Under the gospel dispensation Christ chose his apostles, and these apostles appointed their successors; and it was when the primitive Christians began to elect their own bishops, say they that the unity of the church was destroyed. The Shaker government, as we understand from their books, is on this wise : ' The Ministry at New Lebanon is called the Head of Influence, and is sov ereign over all the Communities of the sect wherevei located. It is composed of four persons, but one o: the four is pre-eminent; he appoints the other three and has power to depose them at will. He has su preme authority. [We claim that the quadruple ot the ministry have supreme authority. If any case should arise where a difference of opinion exists among the four, the presiding Minister would do liver the ultimatum. Appointing and deposing by mere caprice, are unknown to the order of Minis try.—Ei&gt;.] The other three are his advisers anc assistants. He appoints the ministry of every othei Community, and also the trustee in whom the prop erty of any Community is invested, and lastly his own successor. Each local community has a mini s try after the model of the mother church, which has power to appoint subordinate officers—elders and eldresses whose duties are spiritual, and deacons and deaconesses whose duties are temporal. The leacons and deaconesses are subordinate to the elders and eldresses, as the latter are to the ministry. Through the whole society the inferiors report to he superiors. Authority is transmitted from the lead down, and one rank obeys another—a species of government which may be an oppressive despotism or the most beneficent rule in the world, according o the character of the central power. All who come into the ' full privilege ' of the order ay everything at the feet of the ministry, never to be reclaimed. But there are three classes of members. first, novitiates, who receive the doctrines of the Shakers, and conform to their general requirements and enjoy their spiritual oversight, but who, on account of family embarrassments remain outside and manage their own temporal concerns. Second, a class who live in the Communities and unite in their abors and worship, and give them the use of their &gt;roperty, perhaps, but who on account of heirs in he world, or for some acceptable reason, retain he ownership of it and the right to withdraw it, without claim of interest. Then there is a third class, who make an entire consecration of their property and services to the society, cutting themselves off from any claim of restitution or compensation. [Here follow extracts from the Shaker covenant.] In respect to habits of thrift Ann Lee stamped her image on the Society with remarkable exactness.Their books say there is no law or compulsion necessary d regard to work among them ; for such a spirit of industry pervades the order, that a lazy person cannot abide in it. Their ministry, elders and deacons all have some manual occupation in which they engage when not occupied with the duties of their particular calling. Ann Lee was unlettered, but she had a theory of education which the wisest would do well to study. Obedience was her first principle. That was the grand lesson for early childhood. She reasoned that children who are governed by their parents, acquire the power of xelf-govermneiit, which is like the rudder of a ship, and worth more on the sea of life than talents or knowledge or riches. Next in order was the ctiltivation of the whole moral nature; and lastly, intellectual training. She believed learning is wrorse than nothing to the wicked, and that moral training is the basis of all other kinds of culture. If she had lived longer she might have broadened her system and appreciated more the reciprocal influence of the moral and intellectual; but she certainly put the right thing first. Give vis the Shaker virtues to make a happy home rather than all the learniog in the world without them. Am. Socialist