After the Flood On or about April 25, Sallie Dill and her daughter Ida May passed to the life beyond this, from Cincinnati, by poison administered by themselves. These parties had lived among the Shakers sixteen or more years, but, getting unreconciled, chose sexual and other free dom of worldly life, became unconditioned to remain, and left the precincts of Shaker society for an element more fitted to their conditions. Shaker life had spoiled them for worldly indulgences ; nor them alone, for it does so for every one who embraces its doctrines. Better had mother and daughter —better had hundreds of others—better had those, now fostered by our system, never heard of the Shakers,—than, becoming converts to Shakerism, turn afterward to indulge in the beggarly elements of the world. Let every one, in and o'ut of Shakerdom, fully realize this truth. We fain would be silent upon this subject. But for weeks the press of the country has teemed with recitals of this distressing double suicide ; and so various have been its conclusions, we deem it duty that we speak. Among many other bulletins of the papers, we find : ' The Horrors of Shaker Life ! ' ' The Shaker Tragedy,' etc. The sum is this: These parties had been Shakers; departed the rules so far as to necessitate their expulsion ; the outside world, whose practices, sexually, they had engaged in, frowned upon them, and burdened beyond endurance, they died as they did. It was not their 'horror' of Shaker life, but their degradation from the purity of Shaker life, that did the deed. 'Oh,' wrote Ida, ' never, never leave the Shakers! You will find, if you do, that there is no pleasure in the world. I have not had a happy moment since I left home.' And much else to the same purpose. Invariably their letters showed a 'horror' at having left the society. In no case did either ever intimate abuse. They had been happy in 'the only place worthy the name of home,' and having repeatedly forfeited their right to its privileges, found their 'pitcher broken at last!' The curious features of this case strike us, that at or about sixteen years oi age, Sallie, the mother, was introduced to society with a babe in arms, seeking shelter from a world that had deceived her and wronged her babe. At or about sixteen years of age, the daughter followed so closely in the unfortunate steps of her mother, and the mother sympathized so closely with the daughter as to make their retention in society and the maintenance of its laws irreconcilable. The world at large may 'refuse to be comforted' by any apparent unreason that the mother should be taken into society in such a sorry plight, and yet, the daughter expelled from society for a similar and sorrier offence. The mother, when taken, had committed no offence against society; afterward, mother and daughter had so far transcended society's demands, that a resi54 THE SHAKER. 55 dence among those who' do not aspire above human i^eproductions became a necessity, for a time at least, that society's laws be vindicated ! After the flood of vituperation upon the society, mingled with a honey and balm from the ever-to-be-remembered portion of our country's press, we would draw important lessons from this sad picture. Among our people to-day may be numbered young people, comprising quite one half, if not more, of the entire societies. And it is the important question for us to have answered, how much better can we expect of the world than Sallie and Ida May found therein? Who or what can relieve us from the convictions consequent upon our having found a faith which has given us such a 'happy home,' and taught us of a life superior to mere animal, lustful indulgences, which ''''perish with tising' every time? Let it be understood by the press of our country, and duly considered by those within the pale of Shaker societies, that these open their arms of protection to save souls from the pollutions of a worldly, fleshly life. And if any choose not to be so saved, they are, after a struggle with us, welcome to their choice, and we are relieved of any consequences, even of those that afflicted Sallie and Ida May Dill.