A Washing-Day Wail EZRA T. LEGGETT Since light first, in beauty, bathed mountain and main, And sunshine and shadow danced over the plain, This, born of the night, and that, born of the day, Alternate, each chasing the other away ; Since daj-s were first sacred to cross or to crown, And noted when nations rose up or came down ; Or told of the comet, the flood or the pest, When sinners were roasted, or saints to be blest; When Satan sent raging the fire or the flood, Or Caesars set flowing whole rivers of blood ; Of days that our sorrows remember so well, Since Satan wooed woman, and paradise fell, Not one that so fritters poor woman away, Brains, body arfd soul, as the dread washingday. Once man was s-o pure, as we all ought to know, But innocence clothed hirn^ in time long ago, (What hosts of good orthodox Christians there are, If fthis ^ere the fashion, with nothing to wear.) Had Satan but left father Adam a/one, Soft soap and hot water had never been known ; Had Eve but refrained from the apple, and then, How happy the fates of both women and men ! Since stars sung, in heaven, the birthday of time, Our washing-day woes never sounded in rhyme; The mists of that awful day veil from the sight Our terrible toils and more terrible plight; Though hope springs afresh witu each new washing-day, And hearts beating high banish fear far away, Yet, as the dark shadows grow long on the wall, Hard work and cross, purposes tell on u.s all; And long ere the sun, in mere pity, g oes We're looking Jlke an^is bereft f Ila v crowu. : At morn, we were roses bespangled with dew ; At even, our roses give place to the rue ; lien even our tongues, never wearied before, }row faint from o'erdoing, and warble no more. We'd like to be angels, though outside of heaven, \nd would, were not washing-day one in each seven, When burthened beyond all endurance to bear, With hands in hot water, and hearts in despair, Though angels, it oft has occurred to our mind, ?he saints would be bothered to tell of which kind. 'Tis awful to think how we're given to dirt Since Adam did penance by wearing a shirt: More awful the thought that this image of sin, So often washed out, yet may often wash in. If dirt were abolished and woman made free, How happy the world and its women would be! Then flood-tides of joy would our hearts overflow And drown out the memories of suffering below. Oh, when our millenium comes, by and by, And smiles shall chase every salt tear from the eye, Then woman shall dawn, as a star overcast, To move in her sphere of true freedom at last. Then washing-day be as a lost art of yore, Or dream that has haunted, but haunts us no more; Then Earth shall forget, over mountain and main, The fall in her Eden fresh blooming again. We pray thee, good angels, come down from above, And fill us up full with true courage and love, That, if we must suffer, our hearts may be strong, To bear and forbear as we journey along.