A VOICE FROM MAINE G. A. Lomas—Dear Editor: I am now eighty-four years of age, and as I realize each day the swiftness of time and the uncertainty of this life, I wish to leave upon record my testimony. Our cause is a glorious one; I have given my life to its support, and do not now regret it; its progress gives me great joy. Our Savior said, ' Suffer little children to come unto me and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of heaven.' I would become more and more like a little child, willing to be led, simple and teachable. Dearly do I love the virgin life for its purity and sweetness. I have never bewailed my virginity, nay never. O that thousands who are this day suffering under yokes of bondage, and are slaves unto sin, could realize the happiness so real which I enjoy. For every cross patiently borne, I have been doubly rewarded; and as I look around among my dear brethren and sisters of the household of faith, I feel that the promise made so long ago, by him who suffered (even unto death), has to me been verified. In early youth I consecrated myself unto the Lord, my time, my talents, and my little all; in lieu thereof I have been blest with an hundred fold of fathers and mothers, sisters and brothers, houses and lands, and I have an heavenly inheritance beyond the grave. The fear of death is taken from me. Long years ago I set out to serve God. My sins have gone to judgment; I confessed them all one by one, and commenced to live the angel life ; a life of holiness unto the Lord. This brought to me, as it will to every soul, ' the olive branch of peace.' I can lie down at night, and feel at rest and peace with God and all mankind. Our glorious cause is so great and good. too much cannot be said in its praise. We are blest beyond all others, for not only do we find in this new relation a kind and loving father, but unto us is given a tender mother, who is ready to sympathize with us, and lift us above natural, earthly elements, on to a spiritual and heavenly plane. There is no name more sweet to me than the name of my mother in the new creation, Mother Ann Lee ; her testimony is mine; a keen testimony against all evil and uncleanness,and a love for souls jar superior to all earthly loves; her gentle influence is like that of an angel, calm and peaceful. May the sound of this precious gospel yet reach every land and all nations be blest with a hearing of our Mother's pure testimony, which giveth such life to the soul. ' The Shaker ' is an angel of comfort. 1 hail its coming with great joy, and am always anxious to read its contents. I have read every page since its commencement with care and deep interest, and so long as my sight remains to me, I shall take pleasure in perusing its columns. Now and then there is an item on early rising; this pleases me well. All my life I have been an early riser; it has given me health and happiness. You that are seeking for health, adopt my rule to rise in the summer season at four or halfpast four o'clock, go out in the cool of the morning and breathe the pure air, which is so invigorating, and you will feel the better for it. Indolent persons do not enjoy life. I have sometimes seen the expression in print, 'We are wearing away;' now it is better to wear out than to rust out, and to my aged friends I would say, let us live while we are here and keep up our interest in things temporal and spiritual. This is not our abiding home ; we are only learning how to live in this world, and may the knowledge we obtain in this, our earth life, be of some use to us in the great hereafter, when we shall have done with those things that perish with our using. Dear Brother Albert, I want to tell you how much I love to go to meeting,—it is my life. I attend all our meetings, public meeting with the rest. The poet says : 'I have been there and still would go. 'Tis like a little heaven below.' I can say the same. Health and happiness go hand in hand, and if we would be happy we must be truly good. A thousand thanks to you, dear brother, for the interest you take in our 'Shaker.' God bless you, and may the angels keep and help you forever. Keep the fires of truth burning until ail error is consumed. God is truth, and he will have a people on the earth who truly love and worship him. When I shall have gone to the ' Evergreen Shores' I shall not forget you, nor be unmindful of your labors here, together with our worthy brother, Nicholas. I would that our 'Zion Home ' become more beautiful by the addition of true souls to those already gathered in ; but the harvest is not yet. We are sowing the seed that in God's good time will spring up and yield an abundance, then will come the reapers, ' to gather the good and the true.' God speed the day. / shall live to see it, yea, I shall live forever in the spirit. Accept love; an overflowing measure for all who dwell in the valley, keeping a Benjamin's portion for yourself. Your Gospel Sister, Anna Hurd. West Gloucester, Me.