Pious Pretension BY L. K. WASHBURN The distinguishing characteristic of the religion of to-day is pretension. The mightiest work of the Church is to make men and women profess religion. Belief is exalted above character, and moral men are told that God does not care for them. The most prominent preacher before the world to-day said, in a recent discourse, ' To believe in Jesus is all the religion we need;' and, we are sorry to say, that a great many people agree with him, for it is all the religion they have. The popular motto of piety is: 'Where Christianity is religion, 'tis folly to be moral;' and so hypocrisy takes a front seat in the temple of Pretension, and the man who cheats his neighbor and believes in Jesus is invited to lead the meeting in prayer. Professional piety has done little more than make up a pious face. Its articles of belief outnumber its good deeds. There is a great deal said about following Jesus, but we only hear about these followers, we never see one. Where is the man that follows the commands or the footsteps of Jesus? Jesus said, ' Sell what thou hast and give to the poor.' Who heeds the command ? Do people know what sort of a man this Jesus was whose name they take so piously on their lips? He was a friend of publicans and sinners. He was a companion of the poor and lowly. He worked to help those whom the world despised and forsook. He associated with men who broke the Sabbath law. Do people know what persons Jesus praised for their piety? The Samaritan, hated and scorned by the Jew. The Publican, whom the Pharisee would not touch lest he be contaminated. The poor widow, who brought two mites to the treasury of her Lord. Do people know what Jesus taught? He did not preach the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, but the God of the grass, the lily, and the sparrow. He did not say, Do as Moses told you to do; but, 'Why judge ye not of yourselves what is right?' He did not say, They shall have eternal life who call me Lord, Lord ! but, '¦'¦They who do the will of my Father in heaven.' Where is the minister who pretends to be a disciple of this Nazarene preacher? who is doing what Jesus did? who is commending the kind of persons that Jesus made models of piety? who is preaching the God of nature's beauty and life? He is not to be found in a Christian pulpit in the United States. Where is the man who professes to be a follower of Jesus, who is following him? If men do not honor this man, then let them stop pretending to honor him. If they do honor him then let them do as he did ; let them teach as he taught; let them live as he lived; but I do not hesitate to declare that there cannot be found in a single church in Christendom one person who honors Jesus enough to imitate his life. I raise no question now of the virtue j of following Jesus, or of living as he lived. With that we are not at present concerned. I merely assert that people who call themselves Christians care nothing for the man whom | though accepting Jesus as their Elder 'Brother, they call Christ, and that the religion of these land who give him credit of being still far in people is only pious pretension. Let men stop flitting on religion, stop -wearing it. To carry a cross upon the breast is no surety that the heart that beats beneath it is pure and holy.