CORRESPONDENCE West Pittsfield, June 12, 1877 Brother Albert: Noticing that correspond ence occasionally enters the columns of our neat and good little paper, we venture to send yovi a part of a letter from a friend in Pennsylvania, who visited us about four years since. That visit is the only one she has ever made us. So you see her opportunity for becoming acquainted with the principles, or manner of Shaker life, has been very limited. Her sentiments may, like the single fruit-seed dropped by the wayside, be spiritually utilized by some weary, earthly pilgrim. We trust that all sentiments in favor of right living will assume its proper place in the spiritual unfpldment of humanity. Professing to be children of the ' resurrection,' we feel it our high privilege to be in sympathy with the testimony—with every repeti tion of testimony, purposing restraint to perverted passions and appetites—the sinful ways of an unregenerated self-pleasing class, from which so much misery, suffering and degradation are realized at the present time. ' The Shaker' certainly holds a worthy place in the Christian's cause, and obtains our truest sympathy; hope its vitality will remain so good that it may continue to edify, refresh and instruct us in those things which are ' altogether lovely.' Good health prevails, and our doctors now have a chance to oversee and to make their gardens. We close with kind love. Betsey Johnson Dear Sister Betsey: Your kind letter was duly received, but my many cares prevented me from answering it at that time. I feel lonely ; somehow I walk before the Lord with fear and trembling. I do not become reconciled as I had hoped to have done before this. The world does not seem bright and fair as it used to. I have grown tired of living in it. Many times a day I leave my work, and with tears I cannot repress, I take my Bible and seek to find in it the comfort I can find no where else. I want to be free from the burden of sin. I had hoped to come and labor with you, and live, perhaps, a useful life; but my brother has no one to care for him, and he will not come with me. ' Ephraim is joined to his idols; let him alone.' It may be that the passion that commonly rules mankind may lead him to choose another companion, when my services will no longer be required; if so, I will take my little girl and seek among you that peace and quiet that the world cannot give. The world seems colder and harder since visiting you, and I will not mix with it. I read everything in ' The Shaker ' you kindly send to me, and prize it highly. I would never tire of 'The Shaker.' God bless 'The Shaker.' Give my love to all the dear sisters, and write again, please Victoria Baker To Betsey Johnson, West Pittsfield, Mass. San Francisco, May 29, 1877 Editor of Shaker: Somebody does me the inestimable favor of sending me The Shaker. If anything stands to my account, I will cheerfully pay it. If The Shaker needs help, let me know. * * * I. N. Thompson Wilmington, Del., June 6, 1877 G. A. L.. Ed.: * * * I read every issue of The Shaker with an interest THE SHAKER. awakened by no other publication. You may be encouraged, when there is light shed from it into old Delaware people. * * * The Shaker should be well supported. S. J. R. New Bedford, May 28, 1877 Dear Friend: Enclosed you will find 60 cents to pay for The Shaker. I will say that the paper is very satisfactory to my mind and I could only wish that it was published weekly and enlarged to the size of the religious press of Boston. Why not publish it weekly, and raise the price? I believe the growing, liberal sentiment of the New England community would sustain such a paper, especially that large class who are sick of the teachings of ' orthodoxy,' with its Sabbaths, vicarious atonement, and very many other absurd doctrines. In conclusion, I wish The Shaker God-speed in its mission to redeem the world. Yours truly, Caleb C. Peckham Dear Brother: * * * I am not anxious to part with too many of ' Plain Talks ' as vet. Could we not arrange for new editions of it, or for some other matter similar to it, in its convenient form, to answer correspondents? * * * CD Shakers, N. Y. N. Union, O., May 30, 1877 Dear Editor: * * * We lately had a communication sent to us, signed by eighteen persons, asking, ' What shall we do to inherit eternal life ? ' We replied by sending some copies of 'Plain Talks' and late copies of The Shaker, which answer these purposes well. The Shaker is silently but surely doing a great work among the people. * * J. S. P.