Society Items Canterbury, N. H. Canterbury people are far ahead in matter of public religious services. We have hac sent us a large octavo sheet, containing the hymns and songs of one day's service. These are distributed among the audience, Avhich i the better enabled to unite with Believers in worship. The entire sheet evidences religiou enthusiasm, tact, and the prettiest typography mortal eyes ever rested on. Public services began simultaneously, a Canterbury and Enfield, N. H., May 6. Here in, again they lead ! North Union, O. N. Union, O. Eighteen persons unitedly inquiring of thi#people, 'What shall we do to inherit eternal life?' The inquiry was fol lowed by visits. White Water, O. Whitewater, O. The excitement occa sioned by the unfortunate Dills having sub sided, we are, in the cool of a deliberate re view of the case, enabled to endorse every ac of the Society as honorable and exemplary As intimated by the American Socialist, it was 'The World's TragedjV beginning and endng, very properly, outside of Shaker domains, ^here are valuable lessons to be learned from his case, by those within and those without Shakerdom. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. The Ministry have ssued a circular, calling for a deeper interest n all matters of a missionary nature, particularizing a more thorough maintenance and circulation of The Shaker. They have the aeartfelt thanks of all lovers of The Shaker. The circular was issued from the press at Canterbury. Watervliet, N. Y. Watervliet, (Shakers, N. Y.) 'Plain Talks,' pamphlet, a large edition of which was issued from this place, is entirely exhausted. Ministry left here for Mt. Lebanon, May 16. They will visit eastern societies. Pleasant Hill, Ky. Pleasant Hill, Ky. The small fruit, so abundantly grown for years past in this place, having been killed by the severity of winter and spring, the people philosophically deliberate upon the waning of the preserving business of late years, through 'extensive competition and financial pressure,' so that we are turning our attention, somewhat, to other resources for a livelihood.' The beautiful, profitable baptism of the Spirit, particularly prevailing at this place for months, thank heaven, still continues. The good believers, true, look upon it as a special providence ; while those of uncertain stability, look askance upon the revival, lest it ' move immediately upon their works!' Let it move. 'Evergreen Shore ' reaps a saint from here. For lists of Ifovitiate Elders of societies address this office, with stamp.