Geo. Noyes Miller of Wallingford, Conn., a genuine 'nephew of his uncle,' in The American Socialist, thus happily hits the Enfield, Conn., Shakers in his Notes on the Shakers In a recent visit to one of the Shaker settlements, we were pleased to observe by many tokens that they were not the unprogressive people which they are often represented to be, and that they seemed to be losing their fear of the effect of a larger culture upon their members. In the neat and prettily ornamented children's school-room we saw not only a Tellurium for aiding the teaching of Astronomy, and other signs of a wide, educational range, but a grand and glittering piano. In the children's singing room there was also a cabinet organ, and in the visitor's office we espied what appeared to be a new and complete set of the American Cycloftczdia. Here and there, too, a stray picture or bit of needle ornament made a conspicuous mark on the ancient and primitive plainness, like garden flowers which have passed their palings and crept into the rigid highway. Then again, the new buildings of the Shakers are open to the ingress of the modern improvements. The large and thorough ly built brick mansion which they were finishing, when we were there, was heated by steam with a vast and imposing system of pipes, boilers and fixtures of the latest construction. Hot and cold water was to be supplied to every floor. One of their newlymade workshops is the most thoroughly finished and neatly furnished Community building that we ever saw. Its dazzling floors, its glass doors, its cemented cellars, its inside painting, its stairways brightly carpeted from basement to cupola, even the matching of the glittering oil-cloth in the long halls and galleries, made us marvel in mute astonishment. The lady who accompanied us, and who had a decided taste in Communistic household matters, dropped her hands in despair of ever attaining such perfection. The little group of Shakers, who were showing us about with their patient, gentle mien, looked on with mild surprise at our wonder. The Shakers, though unquestionably a very earnest people, are not so austere in their conversation and manners as many suppose. On the contrary they seemed to us to be quite as fond of banter and by-play of a genial, innocent kind as people generally. They are ready to laugh at a joke. When our lady companion possessed herself of the quaint Shakeress cap and confined her curls under it, they seemed as gleeful as we were over her sudden demureness. As the Shakers are not so austere in their manners, neither are they so ascetic in their life as many might imagine. Without being luxurious', they live very comfortably. Their members travel occasionally, and in summer little parties of them sometimes go a distance of fifty miles to recreate on the sea-shore. The Shakers have not given so much attention to regulating their diet as have some Communities, but still they may be said to be quite fairly hygienic. Graham and Indian breads are constantly on their tables, and they eat some fruit and but little meat. If we might be allowed to make a suggestion to them in regard to their table, we should perhaps say that they ate too much pie. May be they don't know that some foreigner has said ' all Americans die of pie.' We coulc not help wishing further that they would lc the Turkish Bath into the noble newbuildin into which steam has pushed its way; bi doubtless they will open their doors to i sometime. ' Cleanliness is next to godliness.' As we were walking between the various buildings, over the neat stone walks, we stopped with a sudden start on perceiving that we were about to put our foot down on what 'appeared to be a grave. There in the alk was a plain flat stone bearing the age nd other rude memorials of a departed soul. 'Why!' we exclaimed with sudden awe, some one seems to be buried here.' Our Shaker companions explained that in emodeling their cemetery they removed all le old stones and put marble slabs in their places. The stones had been used for repairng their walks, and we soon got quite acustomed to them. We afterward visited the haker cemetery. It was situated on a high and pleasant knoll, and was surrounded with a low and open iron fence, the heavy posts of which were sunk into a stone foundation. The marble tombstones were all of the same size and were placed in straight rows, giving an appearance of perfect uniformity. A Shaker burying-ground is an interesting place to visit on account of the uniformly great age to which its memorials bear witness. They prove the truth of Nordhoff's assertion that ' Communists are long-lived.' But far more interesting than the dead are the living among the Shakers. There are beautiful characters among them, some as grand and rugged as oaks, others as sweet and gentle as wildwood flowers. A born Communist in stopping under their kindly and hospitable roofs, feels, in spite of some differences of belief, that he is still breathing his native, peaceful atmosphere, in which brothers are 'dwelling together in unity.'