Defend The Faith Never was there a time when lukewarmness concerning the true faith of Christ should be counted out of question— refused hai-bor— by Believers, more than now. Every wave of the spiritual ocean brings to the top thinking men and women, who deem all literal creeds as dead, compared to the life-giving fruits that evolve from living Christ'slife. Very many are looking more to the life Jesus lived, as the element that will save them from further sinning and its consequences, rather than to any physical death or scriptural promise. 'To whom shall we go?' is swelling the bosoms of many whose anxious hearts will alone be satisfied by the fruits of the Christ life. And to whom shall such go ? Shall it be to those who are not, or who are living as the great Christ-pattern lived ? While beautiful sermons and songs, affecting prayers, appeals and exhortations, are reverberating through our land in revival spirit, the really earnest for Christ will demand of Christian professors, lives fruitful with present salvation from the sins of the xuorld; lives bearing the daily identical crosses of Jesus, and wearing the crozvns of the Christ. The days of mere theology , and technical differences of church polity, as forming party lines and divisions of Christ, are in the past; and never was there a time when the honest in religious feelings were more ready to throw to the winds the barnacle hindrances to angelic life, nor a period when so many are lookingfor the nearest representation of Christ to-day manifested in living humanity. Arise, in the might and power of the blessed faith—in defence of the cause—by those most irresistible and convincing proofs of true religion the fruits of daily, Christian self-denial. Love, and be like Jesus. Let our resistance be what his was—against the whole retinue of lusts that compose the world ! Let all men and women see that our Mt. Zion leads to a life above and beyond the power of the world to give or to take from us. And in our o renewed and continual defence of the true faith, let us, pointing to the virgin character of Jesus; to his daily selfdenials ; to his love for the higher angelic life ; to his abstinence from the lusts of the world, and to his wholesouled consecration to the work of saving others, be able to say, ' Christ is with us, and illustrated in our lives!' Let our lives be an impregnable Christian fortress, and guiding star to the unprotected.