True Uses of Shaker Property [In a remarkably able letter to the Cincinnati Gazette, our talented Bro. G. B. Amery [sic.] thus discourses upon a subject which very many unthinkingly and unfavorably criticise.—Ed.] We who maintain the faith have entered into a most solemn contract by which we covenant ourselves to sacredly hold and transmit to our successors the dedicated and consecrated interest of the society. And as our covenant states that ' the sole object, purpose, and design of our uniting in a covenant relation as a church or body of people in gospel union was, from the beginning, and still is, faithfully and honestly to receive, improve, and diffuse the manifold gifts of God, both of a spiritual and temporal nature, for the mutual protection, support, comfort, and happiness of each other as brethren and sisters in the gospel,' etc., we cannot but feel that, as stewards of this most sacred trust of a church which thus abolishes poverty, we cannot be too careful in our dealings with those who either forfeit their right to membership or voluntarily relinquish it. It must be borne steadfastly in mind that our religion provides not only for the spiritual needs of its members, but a perfect equality obtains, and is enjoyed by every member of the society, in everything pertaining to temporal matters. We wear the same quality and style of clothing ; eat the same kind of food at a common table ; enjoy equal privileges of social intercourse with each other; and have and hold equal right and title to real and personal property, which has been, now is, and forevermore shall remain dedicated to the sacred uses and purposes for which the society was organized. * * * * Our society, like your orphan as} lums, or other endowed institutions, has and must confine itself, in its ministra tions, to those who are within, or thos who may desire to enter in, and could o more carry on its functions, were it o follow up and care for those who reect its advantages and protections than ould your orphan asylums follow up leir charges after they had left, and when, by a sad experience, they had proven by numerous overt acts that hey, if they could, would destroy the ery foundation of the institution which lad sheltered them. If either they or we should thus squander our resources, we would soon destroy our respective nstitutions and put an end to our abilty to benefit even those who are really worthy. * * * *