EDITORIAL NOTES We yield large space, in this issue, to what a contemporary periodical says of the founder of the Shaker Order. By the assurance we give, that it is copied, we are not open to the charge of an overweening adoration, nor to an unwarrantable bigotry. When the root of any society or association is holy, or on the highway to holiness, then its fruits may be judged likewise. It is a fact very worthy of mention that the character and career of Mother Ann Lee are attracting unusual attention about these days—that others are paying homages exceeding our own, to this beloved mother. Already is known to be in formation a society whose 'corner stone' is Ann Lee, and it having no reference to the Shakers! All right, friends, go ahead, God bless you, and help you leave all lusts of the world where she left them ! We shall not be jealous of you. If we should be permitted the publication of a private letter to ourself, we would make millions start with surprise, at what one of the greatest mediums of to-day, philosopher, poet, writer and speaker, says of Mother Ann Lee ! Himself the organizer of societies and now leading one in this country, yet with a love for Ann Lee excelling the most child-like devotion ! Cheer, brothers, cheer ! We would respectfully inform many kind friends who have recently written us from Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Worcester, San Francisco, anc other places desiring our presence to speak for and to them, that we are no in the lecture field at present; and would dndly refer you to the Elders of Noviiate Orders as the pi'oper parties to give he desired information and assistance. Very mindful of your kindness in the Dast, we must necessarily decline personal invitations at present, Our Covenant might be very interesting reading to some ; and for those nterested we may in future present it entire. Reference is made in the lengthy, quoted article on Ann Lee to our government, which we in a note attempt to correct. It should be thoroughly understood, that centralization of our government is not, nor can be considered, under the spirit of our Constitution. By it, four persons of both sexes constitute the central authority—no less. Four similar appointees stand as Elders of the people. Four of both sexes are the usual number acting as Trustees, while two or more, of either sex, are demanded in the fulfillment of the directions of our Covenant. It will therefore be seen that while pompous human nature would seek individual centralization in the use of our worldly possessions, all care has been taken to avoid temptations to domineer and deprive the brethren. With our Covenant, fully operative, no one man nor woman can act unadvised. None can deprive any of rights it gives them, thus robbing not only one, two, or three individuals, but all composing society, of God-given privileges. None feel this Covenant more binding than the central, Ministerial authority- For, it is easy for any to perceive, that by assuming or permitting an authority in any one individual, to arbitrarily decide for all the rest, would render the Covenant, so sacred to us, not only inoperative, but dead ; and a death-blow would inevitably succeed, which would mean the failure of Shakerism. Readers and writers, please study our Constitution; and Brethren, look WELL TO THE MAINTENANCE AND SAFETY op' our Covenant ! For, in the words of that great, legal light, John C. Spencer: 'Gentlemen, look well to, and keep this Covenant intact your selves; and then, no other power on earth can break it!'