True Worship True Worship is something universal. It is to be in everything. It is for all times and for all spots. ' The hour cometh when ye shall neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worship the Father,' were our Lord's words to the Samaritan woman. Jew and Samaritan had been fighting about places for worship. Jesus comes to say, neither this place nor that place—but all places for it. We are all of us more Jewish or Samaritan than we think. We are all of us rearing our Jerusalems or clinging to our Gerizims. We are all of us sectionalizing religion—gathering it to special places, special times, special things ; calling these sacred—those profane. There was an old man in New England who combined the occupations of farmer, horse-dealer and colporteur. In his ' works of mercy,' as he called them, he distributed tracts gratuitously, sold Bibles and other religious books at cost to those who could pay for them, and gave them away to those who could not. 'But,'.said the old man-—not flippantly, as it might seem, but earnestly— 'when I start on a work of mercy and stop to deal in horses, I never have good luck; the fact is, I don't want the Lord around -when I'm trading horses.' There it is. That tract and Bible distribution was that man's Gerizim or Jerusalem, but worship held simply there, would not prevent him from being over sharp in a bargain when horses were in question. That is sectionalizing religion ; piling up Gerizims and building Jerusalems for it; forgetting its universality. There was a tottering colored man who gained his living by cobbling shoes. His work was not elegant. He was not defthanded. But he was thorough. Said one to him, ' My friend, after this cobbling on earth is done, how about the other world ? Have you any hope for a better world?' ' Ah, master, I am nothing, as I told you, but a poor cobbler; but I feel when I sit here that the Good Master is looking at ine, and when I take a stitch it is a stitch, and when I put on a heel-tap, it is not fiafier, but good leather.' That is the true and Christian idea as over against the Jewish or Samaritan. Religion not in Jerusalem or Gerizim only, but religion in everything. Worship not only in special places, and about certain things, but worship in all places and about all things. True worship is neither in this mountain nor in that, but is in this and that and in all others. It is an atmosphere in which the whole life is to breathe and live and be carried on. It has to do with Saturday as well as Sunday; with the bargain as well as with the prayer; with the table of the daily bread as well as with the table of the Lord. They say that two million tons of the purest silver are held in solution by the sea, enriching each drop of its waters. It is thus that a pure worship is to interpenetrate the life, touching and glorifying its shyest thought, its most common ac^n. True worship is for Jerusalem and for^Rerizim and for Nazareth, too. It is for church and street. It is for sacrament and for the daily service of the store, or shop, or school, or home. Maine is more stringent than ever in her liquor-law amendments. W. Hoyt, in Christian Union