Procrastination JAMES G. RUSSELL Oh thief of time! how oft my heart Hath sorrowed 'neath thy slavish reign ! My promises to act my part, So often broken in thy name. At early dawn I kneel in prayer,— My Heavenly Parents' blessing seek;— I pray and promise then and there, I will in duty's pathway keep. Yet ere the glorious orb of day Attains its full meridian height, Some luring scene my mind will sway, And close from duty's path my sight! Still, on I go in heedless state, Unmindfnl of a Parent's care;— Some selfish sense to satiate— I care not /tow, nor when, nor where! Some kindly act I fail to do, Some kindly sentiment to breathe ; A sinful charmer claims my view, And many trusting hearts I grieve. But soon the busy scenes of day Are closing with approaching night, And as reflection bears the sway And brings my wrongs before my sight, I pause in sorrow for a while, In retrospection view the day; Alas! Am I perdition's child? In confidence how can I pray. And yet I dare not trust to sleep, That state so near akin to death, Unless some faithful guardian keep A watch around me. Ah, my breath Would fain give utterance to prayer, But only can I weep and say Kind Father, all thy love and care Ungratefully do I repay. Unworthy as I am of thee, Yet still I know thou art the same Kind Parent—full of charity, And still this wayward child will claim. But I will pray to thee again, And ask forgiveness for the past, With promise henceforth to abstain From all that would thy blessing blast. I ask for thy protecting care Throughout the dreamy hours of night, That no temptation may ensnare, Or draw my mind again from right. With blest assurance that thy power Will safely shield me from my foes, I'll cease the musings of the hour, And close my eyes in calm repose. The morning light renews again The promises, so often made, From every evil to refrain, And let a better sense pervade Through all the active hours of day, That I may multiply no more Ungrateful actions by the way, That marked my steps the day before. But often am I forced to count On some unfortunate defeat, Neglect to draw from heaven's fount,— Thus some forbidden fruit I eat. And thus my precious time I spend, In mingled happiness and grief; Procrastination—I contend Thou art this unsuspecting thief. I would do -well, but thou art near To intercept each grand design ; Procrastination—I will hear No more to thee—thou thief of time ! When duty's path before me lies, Unpleasant though it oft may be, In life's true dignity I'll rise, And do each duty cheerfully. The present is my only time ; I know not of my future state, But, with an earnest, cheerful mind, I'll ' learn to labor and to wait.'