Epitomic History of the Watervliet Shakers. No. 3 D. A. BUCKINGHAM BUSINESS MATTERS. In the year 1790, Believers in this ¦ place had a family garden, occupying about two acres of land. Joseph Turn• er supervised it, and began to raise a i few seeds for sale. Previous to this, it ¦ was not customary in this part of the I country to raise garden seeds to vend. • When any neighbor lacked seeds, anl other, who had them, would give him : what he wanted, and no more thought I of asking pay than he would for a bucket ¦ of water. But as the inhabitants ; increased in numbers, and began to 1 cultivate the soil, the demand for veg¦ etables and seeds increased apace. , Joseph Turner survived but a few years ; 1 and then Ebenezer Alden superintended Vol. VI. ( G. A. LOMAS, Editor, ) | Shakers,N. Y.. \ JULY, 1877. ( N. A. BRIGGS, Publisher, ) ( Shaker Village, N. H. \ No. 7. 50 THE SHAKER. the business. He invented the 'Printing Box,' for hand-printing upon the seed-bags, the name of the variety, instead of writing upon them, as formerly. After a few years, David Osborne came from Lebanon to this place, and officiated as trustee. He did much to advance the seed business. In 1811, the Shakers here raised, in all, about three hundi-ed dollars' worth of seeds. Not far from this time, Morrell Baker, jr., taking a lively interest in this branch of business, took great pains to select and procure genuine seeds to cultivate from, in order to have the genuine article to vend. From 1811 to 1840, inclusive, the seed business had so magnified that the sales increased to thousands of dollars per year, and eventually proved to be our most staple branch of business. But at a more recent date, others have entered into the business extensively, and the competition has been so great, that little profit now arises to the producer of seeds. But the times have changed greatly. Impi'oved plans for cultivation — new inventions for dispensing with and saving hand-labor, combined with the now greater ease of transportation, keep the business lively. City mai'kets must be supplied with vegetables — seedsmen must have their seeds, and the cultivator must continue his part of the business to make a living. Let us not despair of keeping up in the business. The reputation of Shaker seeds has been of long standing. People look for the old stamp, ' Shaker Seeds,' for the genuine article. And although some few unimportant errors (greatly magnified by our enemies,) have now and then accidentally happened to spot a long life of prosperity and good reputation, yet we are determined, now as ever, not to slacken our energy in procuring good, even the very best seeds that can be raised, to supply the market, and give satisfaction to those who purchase Shaker seeds. When broom-corn was first introduced into the Society of Shakers at Watervliet, in the year I791? it was grown in the garden as was other corn. In the year 1798? it began to be an article of some importance, and considerable attention was paid to its cultivation. A few brooms were manufactured for market purposes, and sold at the fair price of half a dollar each. The handles were of soft, maple timber, and were turned in a common foot-lathe. The machinery for making the brooms was, in the beginning, very simple. It consisted merely of a roller of wood, turned by a short crank, for the purpose of winding on the cord ; and by placing one or both feet against this roller, the tightness of the twine was governed ; and the broom was made by holding the handle in one hand and applying the brush with the other while winding. The next process by way of improvement, some few years after, was the addition of a bench to the roller, in a frame fastened to the bench, with a ragwheel to hold the cord, when wound upon the roller with short crank as before. The manufacture of two dozen of brooms per day, well made, was considered an exploit, quite equal to the same of six or eight dozen at the present day. Not only in the manufacture of the broom, but also in the culture of the material—the growing of the crop —there have been made very great improvements by ourselves and others. One man, with one horse and a double planting machine,—i.e., a machine that will plant two rows at once,—can now plant from ten to twelve acres per day. And the labor of one man for four months will raise and harvest six acres or more, which will give an average product of six hundred pounds per aci'e. The manner of removing the seed from the brush was, in the beginning, very simple. But now, we have machinery for removing the seed of some three or four acres a day. (See New American Cyclopedia, Vol. III., page 74J5 for general history.) This branch of business, which is believed to have commenced among the Watervliet Shakers, is now most extensively carried on throughout the United States. Believers have aimed to keep pace with all the improvements hitherto advanced in the broom business, and are still found holding their good reputation in the manufacture of this article. Indeed, this Society can furnish all the different varieties of brooms and brushes now in general use, in their most approved styles.