Musings RICHARD FLETCHER Musings are not always amusing. Self-denial is no cross where there is an object thought worthy the pains. Hence we must make people feel need of self-denial before expecting them to be willing to practice it. Good ! Old Father Time cannot be bribed nor cheated. Our neighbors grow old as fast as we do. Dentists, tailors, shoemakers, milliners, barbers make much profit by simply trying to make folks look younger, but they cannot hide wrinkles of care. No cure for them without a peaceful conscience. ' Progression'' consists as much in growing old truths and virtues, as in living out entirely new theories. Plenty of room left yet in the fields of meekness, purity, goodwill and honesty for us to improve, before expanding too fast in virtues of coarse diet, faith in materialization, or other sensational theories that lead more to religious contro versy than real good. ------»o«-----Consider the weeds, youthful gardenei Are jou half as deep-rooted in principle a those plaguy mallows? as 'vigorous as middle-aged parsley ? as persevering as thistle? as cool in trial as a bunch of chick weed? as straightforward and obstinate i the right as a yellow- dock? Then may yo thrive as a pig-weed in a rainy season. e; How many men are eager to enlist i bloody war for mere love of excitement, ris! ; ins comfort and life itself! How few ca s seethe nobility of enlisting as a follower . the ' meek and lowly celibate,' to the layin l' I down of carnal lives and the infinite joy o I gaining victories over sin. Are city preachers so cramped for room lat they cannot swing off on their own eachings ? Some of them talk sublimely, &gt;ut act rather awkward in reaping the harest of their daily lives. Will some revivalists remember tin-roofrs and other patent roofers in their prayers. their morals are no tighter than their roofs, their souls are in danger. Among the teachings of Jesus are many hints of beautiful truths, like buds, which it is now time for us to develop. Such as Brotherhoods and Sisterhoods with unselfish community of goods. Strange that popular pulpit talkers seldom refer to this form of society. How natural to be proud of family name, as though it were a credit to any of us what earthly family we are of. Rather let us have a pride to be worthy of love and esteem of good souls--never mind what their last names are, they cannot help that. Why do we need so much urging to be Christlike? Because Christian virtues have such shallow soil in our natural hearts that they need constant care. Bands of thieves, counterfeiters, and carousers do not spend much time urging one another to remain true, though the world be against them. Nay, lower motives are always dragging on down hill paths. Thistles need no cultivation. Who would try to raise new varieties of parsley? Children cry most because they cannot have their own way, not so much from pain. And Christian pilgrims find greatest trials in fighting conceit and self-will. As well might you stretch clothes-lines on telegraph poles and try to send messages, as to niake folks better by quarreling about Bible texts. Is it 'intuition' or 'judgment' that causes any one to write the words ' in haste ' on the front side of postal cards, in hopes that it will go faster than the next mail train? For teachers and pupils: This sentence contains all the vowel sounds in order : 'A large, tall, black-haired man re-iead nine lists of old used up-tunes. Why ! My ! ' Half the expense of time, money and energy wasted in getting up a collegiate boatrace, gambling scene, would pay for hauling all the cord-wood in New York State to Saratoga, where a grand college wood-sawing match would give noble vent to youthful ambition and perspiration. Just as great excitement could be indulged in and no danger of rupturing blood vessels nor drinking too much. Query: Has God a united body of people on earth living very different lives from the masses ? We believe there ought to be. Suppose a young man or woman, feeling the duty of striving for the highest practical Christianity, does not plead the common apology of Paul, but chooses to 'do better,'' gives up that form of selfishness that claims to make one of opposite sex happy for life, and unites with a body of congenial soul-companions, thus making happy hundreds of other human beings Why do natural relations suddenly become alarmed for the safety of said youth's soul? Many times have they kindly offered to help him or her choose a companion for life. Now, when a less selfish sacrifice is made for the good of one hundred-fold of true, living companions, there is a great stir, bitter talk and sad waste of scripture language. Mere words of texts are quote without half an idea of their real meaning They cry: 'You are not fulfilling you mission on earth, of living to God's glory You ought to settle down in earthly discon tent, like the rest of us, support the ol blks (as nine tenths of them do not,) and ive a good human life.' Strange logic! If their advice should be bllowed, nine chances in ten the natural mrents would rather end their days among xangers ; ' God's glory ' 'would be embodied n a large percentage of aborted beings, and the 'good, human life ' consist in getting an easy living. Groveland, N. Y.