My dear children: Once again I am with you... My dear children : Once again I am with you, and this time to remind you what power you have in possession, to convince the world of its errors, and to teach of 'that better way'—the good, pure life of Jesus. 'What can we children do or say?' Just the most natural question to be expected. But, let me tell you that at twelve years of age^ Jesus confounded the most learned people of his day, not by his superior learning of letters, but by his spiritual impressions of a superior life. We have not the records of his disputations with the doctors at that early age ; but from his after testimony we can imagine, that, while he admitted the Law of Moses to be good, yet he insisted there was something better than it! If war was good, peace was better; if love your friends and hate your enemies was good, how much better it was to love enemies and friends too ! If to be selfish six days, six years or longer, was any good, how very much better it was to be so unselfish and noble as to love others better than one's self all the time ! And so on, with hundreds of superior propositions, did Jesus, very likely, confuse the doctors of his day. Now, dear children, every Shaker child that has learned the simple principles upon which our church rests, can as surely confound mere professors of Christianity to-day, as Jesus did the wise men of old ! Believe me; you will, when I teach you how simply it is done. We will suppose you are twelve years of age, or younger; and some learned priest asks you what you know of Christ Jesus? You will first answer he lived a pure, virgin life, and demanded the same of all his disciples ! Who could successfully dispute you here ? You will next declare he was such a lover of peace and opposed to war, that he would not resis evil, but proposed to give ' a kiss for a blow,' and demanded this conduct of all who pro fessed his name ! What confusion you woulc throw nearly all the D. Ds. of our land into And yet, how truly you would speak. Next you would say, neither Jesus nor his true dis ciples had families that demanded of them ny selfish end nor aim; only those who ived as he lived were relatives which he ountenanced and owned ; and you might add :he question : ' Is this the case with you, docors?' And when you think, that to be a hristian is to be a follower of Jesus, the Christ, not a mere believer of his doctrines, he direst confusion of mind will follow the most learned, when the convincing facts of esus' life are presented, as they may simply )e, by very youthful people. Christianity, as a great blessing to the race, consists in simple obedience in life, not a mere acknowledgment of its truths. Therefore, children, the docors with whom Jesus contended, were more able to defend themselves, than are those who, professing great love for Jesus, yet deny him n nearly every act of their lives! Let me encourage you to study the simple life of esus, and of its being the centralpoint about which genuine Christianity can ever and only revolve. Study it, for the grand reason of thus becoming truly Christian yourselves; ind then, let your lights shine, let your actions speak, your minds work, and your tongues declare the gospel to be 'not pleasing to men, but God who trieth our hearts ! ' Yours is an extraordinary privilege of learning radical Christianity; and with the knowledge of the simplest truths of Jesus, none ever contended nor confused the doctors of the Jewish Temple, more than is in your power and province to confuse and confound the learned, professional, but self-seeking and unpractical doctors of the Christian religion today.