Memorandum.—-No. 2 DANIEL FRASER Righteousness divides itself into three branches. Before the first appearing of Christ, the tree of righteousness had only two—physiological and moral. On the first advent of Christ, the third began to grow—' Resist not evil. Pray for those who despitefully use you.' In the second appearing, the fruit of the third branch (which we this day enjoy) is, ' Love your neighbor at the expense of self i ' not as yourself. He who is the greatest, is with us now the servant; not, ' let him be so.' The first branch takes cognizance how we use, or abuse, our bodies. The second, how we use, or abuse, others. The third involves manifestations of divine law. A tree brings forth its fruit in the air and sunlight, yet its roots are in the earth, and nourished and borne up by the earth ; otherwise there would be no fruit. So, also, physiological right eousness is the substratum that sustains manifestations of moral and divine fruit Physiological law is a unit. To ab stain from alcoholic mixtures has beei considered almost a fulfillment of al physiological law. Not so. Alcoho indeed injures the nervous centers, .anc - drives furiously the machinery of life , imparting not a particle of nutriment to ustain or repair the occasional waste ; and, in the end, may devastate the whole physical domain. But does inemperance in eating, and the use of mproper articles in our dietary, do lothing? Is it not as much of a crime o over-burden and strain the organ of igestion as it is to stimulate the brain ? s it not as much a violation of law to jreak down the liver with butter, and muttered beef-steaks and greasy compounds, as it is the nerves with alcohol? is the specter Dyspepsia, a strained tomach and a broken-down liver, to dc sympathized with in its cravings any more than the cravings of the tippler? Are not the habits and the example of the one as destructive, in the long run, as the other? Have they not one common source? We all allow that the spirit of our Father and Mother—God—cannot dwell in a drunkard. Can it abide where violations of dietetic law have found a resting place, and are pertinaciously adhered to. To establish righteousness in all things is to increase our happiness. As a furtherance in that direction, the following, as a beginning, is offered : First,—Never eat to over-distension of the stomach. Second,—We are not constructed to live on concentrated food; hence, the use of superfine flour is not advisable. Third,—Do not tax the liver with greasy foods, even butter ; use it sparingly, and never at the same meal with animal food. Fourth,—Never relax the organ of digestion with warm drinks while eating : they embarrass digestion. lea obstructs the renewal and repair of our bodies. Fifth,—Accustom yourself to good air, by night and by day ; and to a temperature, in cold weather, not higher than 65 degrees. Sixth,—Never use saleratus, soda, nor baking powders ; they are alkaline ; are good to make soap with, and window glass. They are not assimilable ; and when present in the blood, hinder assimilation, and impress on that fluid their own chemical affinities, which are contrary to the affinity of venous blood for oxygen. Further, alkaline matter breaks up the coagulating power of the blood, makes it watery, and induces a diminished, vital cohesion of that important fluid, impairs bodily strength, and creates languor and debility. Even common salt should be sparingly used. The Arctic explorers of 1876, when arrested by the ice. betook themselves to sledges; but the men were so weak, from the effect of salted foods, that they could not proceed with vigor, and those who became exhausted had to be dragged back to the ship. Seventh,—To feel faint from performing the ordinary duties of life, is an indication that alkaline matter, bad air, etc., have had something to do in the case. The foregoing is kindly presented to those of youthful years, and to all whose habits are not irrevocable.