Necessities for the New Earth [The concluding number of The New Age,—and we are pained to say concluding, —contained a very brilliant letter from one ' M. S. W.' We copy a portion of it below, giving the title above. Few subjects demand more thought and action than does this.— Ed. Shaker.] Education is a grand thing; but simply hat which is gained from the books of toay will avail little. We need an education vhich will develop our young men and womn of to-day into fit fathers and mothers for hildren ' a little lower than the angels.' What are our children, and what their fathers ind mothers,—ninety-nine out of a hundred? 3oor, weak, ignorant, fashionable, selfish, dissipated creatures,—just what will people our world with a class worse than now dwells upon it. And yet, few seem alive to the fact; or, if alive to it, they have not the courage, or daring, or whatever it need be, to show the people their condition. Realty, it seems to me, when I seriously think of it, that it is a crime for our young people to marry as they do, ignorant as they are, and fill the wrorld with children who can only become just what their parents' indecision and weakness, as well as ignorance, must make of them ! Will the time ever come when as much thought will be given to the creation of immortal souls as to-day is given to the improvement of the brute creation? Is it not strange that we take the brute first? If I was truly Darwinian in belief, I might conclude such way the only way for elevating the race; for it sometimes seems to me that people will not listen to reason, and will in their selfishness only be governed by impulse and desire; and even when they have learned the folly of their ways, they cannot or do not try to warn others. Who can wonder that we have criminals? Had I strength sufficient, I would throw the whole weight of it against this breeding of criminals, and would take only interval time to encourage and make effort for the elevation of the result of an unrighteous and abominable ignorance.