Epitomic History of the Watervliet Shakers. No. 4 D. A. BUCKINGHAM AGRICULTURAL, AND OTHER IMPROVEMENTS. Forty or fifty years ago, every laboring man among us went into the field with his scythe, cradle or hand-rake, according to the business to be performed, and by much hard labor, the work of the day was accomplished. In the corn and potato fields, the plow and the hoe were the utensils used for planting, weeding and hoeing; and these tools were often of inferior quality. But as we now enter our fields of labor, what do we behold ? Instead of a handscythe, we see the mowing-machine, compelled by horse-power; one man performing what it took a dozen or twenty hands to do some fifty years ago ! Instead of the hand-rake, as formerly, we now use the horse-rake, with its long iron or hickory fingers, rapidly propelled by the same power—one man accomplishing the work of a dozen men in the old way. So also in the grain field; instead of swinging the handcradle, day after day, when the thermometer ranged from 85 to 90 degrees, with the sweat flowing so profusely that scarcely a dry thread remained upon our backs, we now behold the majestic reaper, manned by a lad, driving the half-enchanted team through the fields of golden grain, laying prostrate the ripened harvest, and pushing from the platform of the machine the cut grain, binding it into bundles, ready for the barn or threshing! So in the corn and potato fields, we perceive the same great change, where the cultivator and side-plow accomplish nearly the whole work necessary. Where we used to plow, sow and reap, around and over slough-holes and open ditches, we now, by the use of underground drains, slip along over the level surface, hardly knowing that it was not once the 'Garden of Eden.' As in our agricultural, so in our horticultural business, much has been done to facilitate labor. Our barns are on the improved scale. Instead of pitching the greater part of our produce of hay or grain by hand, up and over high beams into the ridges of the barns, we now drive nearly into the top of the barns with the whole load, and tumble it down into the bays below ! So, too, we find improvements many among our sisterhood. As we strive for equality of feeling and action, we endeavor to give them the right hand of fellowship in most things. Instead of their washing and ironing in some old building, poorly fitted for the purpose, as was the case forty years ago they now perform the labor in 'double quick time' by steam-power, in th most improved, modern mode. They wash and boil the clothing by steam, nd wring them and iron them by the ame power! They have ranges for ooking, soapstone ovens for baking, oal stoves for heating, and refined oils 'or giving light. Of the different kinds of fruit adapted :o our climate, we have not been backward in their cultivation, even of the most improved kinds of apples, pears, reaches, plums, cherries, with all the mailer kinds of fruit indigenous to our limate. We, the Shakers, have not been altogether dependent upon the outside world for inventions ; some very useful ones have sprung up among ourselves. Garden seeds were introduced into marcet by the Lebanon and Watervliet Shakers as early as 1790 or 1791. The manufacture of corn-brooms originated mong the Shakers at Watervliet about he same time ; and these were presented to the city markets. An improved timing lathe, with screw feeder, for urning broom-handles, was invented in this place. Shaker herbs and extracts are noted throughout the States, and need no comment. Also, a machine for sizing broom-corn brush was invented at Harvard, Mass.; and the '•'•Improved Shaker Washing Machine' at Shaker Village, N. H. Mowers and reapers were invented in the Society of Shakers at New Gloucester, Maine. The first circular saw ever made was invented by the Lebanon Shakers, and may be seen to-day in the ' State Geological Department,' at Albany, N. Y., where it was deposited by Bro. G. M. Wickersham. When the Watervliet Shakers made ' sopus whips' for market, they invented machinery for twisting the handles. A pipe machine, a pea-sheller and a butter-worker, were invented here. The printing presses used by the Shakers of Lebanon and Watervliet for printing their seed bags and herb papers, were invented at Watervliet, and improved by the Shakers of the former place. Also, at Watervliet, a machine for filling seed-bags, which has long been in use. The planing-machine was invented by the Lebanon Shakers, since which all others have come into use. A self-acting cheese-press was invented by the Lebanon Shakers. Clothes-phis, an invention though small in itself, yet of its utility almost every family in the United States can bear witness, originated, it is said, at the Shaker Settlement at North Union, in the State of Ohio. The inventions and improvements made by the sisterhood, in their fancy articles for market, are too numerous to mention- The above, with many other not here noted, show the fact, (withou boasting,) that the inventive faculties o: the Shakers have not been dormant dur ing the one hundred years just passed by The farmer who gets the largest crops from the smallest number of well-husbanded acres is the one who will reap the largest prof from his investment of time and money.