EDITORIAL NOTES Many of the cities of the Union, on I July 4th, set a good example, by refraining from celebrating the national anniversary by a prpfuse use of gunpowder. It is to be hoped that, the first century having' passed with extreme noise, and the worse than wasting of thousands of millions of dollars for fireworks, the second century, at its very beginning, will inaugurate a much more sensible and humane system of celebrations than the momentary burning of pyrotechnics, followed, as it invariably is, with loss of limbs, lives, and an incalculable amount of valuable property. If small boys must have the incendiary Chinese cracker, let them be sent to China to use them. After years of deliberation upon the causes and effects of America's civil war, North and South are shaking hands over the bloody chasm, and filling this up by forgiveness and forgetfulness. While they ' sti'ewed flowers on federals and confederates alike,' the bitter thoughts would rise, of the uselessness of the sacrifices, and of the insanity that prompted the strife on both sides. If THE SHAKER,. the war ofi86i, and following years, had any foundation of good, it was a goodness of the Jews, not Christians ; it was the worship of the God of battles, after the similitude of Israel's leader, not of the Father of the Christ—the Prince of Peace. And the people are learning the grand differences of the characters of the Gods of war and of peace, and to know that the God of the Christians is not the God of the Jews. We enter our solemn protest against such unusual display as is commonly engaged in by some portions of the press of our country, in advertising revolvers, and other disreputable weapons, to be carried, concealed on the person. To 'such base uses' has advertising arrived, that were it not for the protests of some, we might all despair of getting any good through this medium of intelligence. When such so-called religions papers, The Church Union, New York Independent, etc., and agricultural and scientific journals like Rural New Yorker, Country Gentleman and Scientific American, stoop to encourage the sale of three-dollar shooting-irons, thus placing them within the reach of almost every boy in the land, it is high time to protest against the practice, or appeal to heads of families to expunge such papers from the household. The use of such weapons is wrong in principle, and their advocacy naught but barbarous. Let the editors of such papers, who stoop to the mercenary in this way, but suffer from the accidental or other discharge of one of these crimemultiplying irons, and then we shall be treated, if the heathens still live, to a first-class rebuke against what they have sold themselves to encourage. We anticipate advertisingjin the volume succeeding this—Vol. VIII.—and would now warn all such—venders, emissaries, quacks, frauds generally—they ' need not apply.' By many believers of to-day, Elder Ebenezer Bishop, (who succeeded to the ministry on the decease of Mother Lucy Wright,) will be 'remembered as a most beautiful spirit—a very saintly man. His administration was one of exacting justice, everywhere that it was known. In counsel, wise ; in advice, fatherly in the extreme ; while it is difficult to recall one who illustrated humility in a greater degree. It is claimed, by those most familiar with his method of government, that, guided by 'The Covenant' and 'Sacred Laws,' he would ever make these the arbiter of his decisions. When there arose differences between brethren, he was wont to take the Covenant, and say: ' Brethren, here is our guide; to it we have attached our signatures ; to it we look for justice to ourselves and to others ; and by it we must live and die. Its decisions are my decisions ; let us see what it says.' Perhaps, to this pertinacity may be attributed his abundant success. Our music for this number is an excellent selection from the Shaker Casket of Pearls. To some of our own people, it will not be especially new ; but sang with the harmonious accompaniment, arranged by some individual of talent, it will be none the less acceptable. We would, right here, commend, to all interested in Shaker music, the labors, in this line, of Elder H. C. Blinn, and coadjutors. They have favored us with some excellently-prepared sheet music. Send a few dimes, and get diamond samples. Address Shaker Village, N. H. We received, not long since, from Bro. Gra}', of Pleasant Hill, Ky., a letter having some admirable ideas, aroused by 'Shall we have a revival?' Strong intimations were given therein, that we, as Believers, are more willing that others should have revivals than ourselves. We do not know, cannot predict, when we as Believers will awake to the facts of our necessities; 3ut think it will be ere long. We have 3een praying for years, in special meetings of united prayer throughout the Societies, that the world may wake up to true Christian life. Is it not now in order that we .pray for the revival or VIother Ann Lee's influences, for our own baptism ? And becoming baptized Therewith, will not our prayers materialize into heads, hearts, hands and feet? Will they not inspire us with new tongues, kind feelings, and with a good deal of self-immolation ? Remember, brethren, however much good God lias given us to start with, it is only that good evolved by self-denial that we get any special credit for ! We would go on record as avowing our detestation of any theological prejudices that deny civil and respectable conduct toward Jews, Gentiles, Christians or Infidels. The recent disgraceful action of Judge Hilton toward the better, nobler man, Seligman, in refusing the latter accommodations at his hotel in Saratoga, because of his Hebrew belief, should arouse the unexceptionable condemnation of every one. What can be meaner than the meanness of a professedly Christian gentleman? We observe that our article in July number, ' After the Flood,' is attracting considerable attention from the press of our country. Some journals have kindly copied it entire, adding respectful comments thereto. After so much vituperation and unkindly criticism as was manifested by so large a portion of the press, on the subject of that article, we esteem the above favors as signs of returning reason, love and good will, and hereby return thanks. If any one feels desirous of realizing how«diminutive is the largest of human exaltation ; how comparatively worthless all human learning ; how little our earth, and bewilderingly extensive is stellar space ; we advise a few doses ot 'Views of our Heavenly Home,' now running in chapters through The Banner of Light. Truly, we may therein forget ourselves, be lost in admiration of the works of an almighty hand, and exclaim, with all our hearts, with one of old: 'When I consider the heavens the work of thy fingers ; the moon and stars which thou hast ordained ; what is man, that thou art mindful of him ? and the son of man that thou visitest him ? ' We perceive, with some delight, a novel method of punishing offenders against public property and peace, instituted at Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. They love their enemies so well that they promote them out of the country—send them to Europe, whence they came— with an insisting permission never to return again ! May they need to exercise such love very, very seldom.