Unmistakable Christianity PLAIN SHAKERISM. Jesus was a Christian—his manner of life made him so. Whoso lives as Jesus lived—whose lives are guided by the same principles—are Christians ; none others are so. Belief in this, that, or any theology, is no designation of a Christian ; only a pure life—a virgin character—combined with equality in worldly goods, noncombative disposition, and separation from worldly practices generally,— these alone constitute a follower of Christ. Worldly practices are the lusts of the flesh, of evil, adulterous eyes, pride, vanity, and all intemperance in life. The multitudes of theologians are stumbling-blocks ; hiding the real life a Christian should live ; covering, as with an ambush 'of unmeaning words, the unvarnished, plain, indisputable truths of Jesus' life. Who can engage in ' the lusts of the flesh ; marriage, reproductions—fruitful or unfruitful practices of sexuality— and claim to follow Christ in them? Did Jesus ever do such things? Can his followers—Christians—engage in acts so foreign, opposite to his life, without relinquishing all right or title to his name ? People are not desirous of thinking of these things ; and man-made theologies pleasantly blind their eyes to these truths. Marriage was a Jewish rite; proper and good for Jews and worldly people to practice. Who have made it a sacrament, and dubbed it as Christian ? Worldly, lustful men and women ! Jesus called men and women away from marriage, lustful, sexual, and defiling indulgences. His early disciples dissolved their marriage relations, whereever they were bound by them ; became 'as though they were not married'— as brotherly, sisterly men and women. Have not the churches reversed this rule, and many others that Jesus instituted, practiced, and which his immediate followers, and all genuine followers, engaged, and do now engage in? Whom do the majority of professedly Christians follow? Surely, not Jesus. Surely, the very reverse of Jesus is illustrated in their lives! Where, then, is the title Christian applicable? Is there any salvation in the title? Does it save, or prevent any from unchristian practices? Does our Christianity abolish marriage, war, private property, selfish relations, with all the constituents of a married life? Does it cause us to live the life of the heavens, in excess of Judaism? Then, and then only, is it better. We arraign every one who, professing to follow Christ, does not pattern his life, in its general characteristics at least, of living and acting under false pretences — as real hypocrites — and from whom the title of Christian should be erased. We declare that propriety demands the erasure of that portion of the Lord's Prayer that petitions, ' Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth, as in heaven !' from every one's prayer who does not try to live as they believe life in heaven to be. Thus does Shakerism demand of its communicants: Be what you seem to be ; be what you ought to be ; be chrisHans, or disown the title. Be virgins, as was Jesus ; be as unselfishly with all earthly goods ; hate the flesh, war, and their constituents. Let your relations be those only who live as Jesus lived— who ' do the will of his father,' as he did. All other relatives are worldly, unchristian. Be brethren; share all things together, and equally—blessings and tribulations. Let your uprightness exceed that of the world ; and inasmuch as you 'name the name of Christ, depart from all iniquity,' even as Christ did. Can any do less and be christians? Let it be plainly understood that Jesus aspired to, and lived above the very best practices of Judaism. He not only abstained from worldly evils, but worldly good; and this latter abstinence is the peculiar designation of his true followers. Thus have we written plainly. We ask, have we written truly? Does following Jesus embrace and demand selfdenials? If so, how much and how many ? God forbid that we, professing Christianity, , should evade its laws; preach or practice any other doctrine or life than did its author ; and with these considerations prevailing, do we, as Shakers, live very unlike the great, first Shaker, Jesus? or do we demand of ourselves, or of Christians, too many sacrifices of selfishness?