Affirmative Goodness SARAH ANN NEAL. What good things are we doing? and iow and under what motives are we doing them ? These are questions we leed often to ask ourselves, in consideration of the advancing light of increasngly religious dispensations—now, in our day. A time for doing good was never more opportune than the present, and the world never needed truly good workers—those who are willing to pattern Jesus, in precept and example, love and live as nobly as he did—more than t needs such to-day. Jesus taught; and lis were the teachings of affirmative goodness, being intensely practical—to be good, and be so by doing good. Jpon those who claim discipleship of resus, rests the responsibility of doing good, even as he taught and as he did. There probably never was greater motive power connected with Christianity than there is to-day ; the heavens never Drompted well-directed action more than now ; and the needs of the present hour are wills submissive to divine commands ; then would the world be filled with saved, and saviors ; and who will accept the responsibility? Every day is as a leaf in life's book, that should be turned for humanity's good; yet at every turn, can we answer affirmatively, that we are improving our time to make the world better, humanity happier—making returns of goodness for having lived in the world? Do we avail ourselves of all knowledge, and of every means to do good? How very many our opportunities ! Only a word spoken in kindness ; a little act rendered in love, in proper time and due season ; these fill up the sum of useful lives. Do we who claim the honor of wearing the Christian name, hold ourselves susceptible to the evolutions of the system, to grow better and better? Freely we may have, and do receive ; are we as liberally anxious to share the gifts which have evolved from Christianity, as we have been willing to receive ? Are our prejudices ejected, so that we may accept of good from any quarter? Are we aiding the progress of humanity toward a higher standard of Christianity than that of mere profession? Or are our own profession and goodness merely, positively negative ? If we are performing our mission as disciples of Christ, our claims to an exceeding spiritual inheritance are just; but if we are not, we have no rights to such claims; no rights to wear the name ; no rights to ask for Christian blessings, nor to remain in possession of what we already have, more than he who had one talent, and buried it. But let us, Christian friends, love so dearly, live so truly, using our every ability and opportunity to extend the cause of Christ, that we may realize of a truth our endeavors for humanity's good. Let our religion be to love God by our service to and for humanity; then, and then only, will the name of Christian be an honor to us, and the blessings that will flow from such a re- THE SHAKER. 59 ligion will not be the results of a blind, negative faith, but every-day evidences of the presence of a living providence. Shakers, N. Y.