CORRESPONDENCE Wilmington, Del., July i, 1877 My dear friend: Being somewhat interested in Shakerism, I would like to ask you a few questions : 1. Should I conclude to join your people what inducements, more than the world presents, will Shakerism offer me? 2. My companion and self, and children, now get on comfortably; tell me plainly, without scripture quotations, what Shakerism will give me in exchange for these? 3. 1 ask no prominent position, but will I be in any manner degraded to maintain others in an exalted office? 4. Do you fare and share alike in temporal things ? 5. Do all eat at a common table? clad in similar raiment? feel equally interested in hand labor? or, 6. Are some permitted to be ' lords and ladies,' while others are expected to do their bidding? 7. I am earnest for a better religion than can be found outside of Shakerism; do you think Shakerism will supply my demand? 8. I have read your Covenant thoroughly: and if you can assure me it is in full operation among your people, or will be exercised toward me and companions as therein stated, I believe it far preferable to any other theory yet advanced. Can you give me the assurance? 9. After answering the above, tell me what I must do first, to enlist under your banner. 10. I am a minister; have been for many years, and have never made any change from my first convictions; and I now propose to do so only on the basis of the soundest convictions, that you Shakers live as j^ou profess, and will not disappoint me in the matter of the general carrying out of your Covenant. Can you convict me? 11. I candidly believe that many stand ready to be converts to Shaker practice, when you can answer favorably query 10, and give them a certainty of an equality with others, without exception, by their yielding to the cause a full consecration. Can we have these? 12. Where do you advise our making the attempt at being Shakers, that the fullness of the Shaker Covenant may be found only as binding on us as on others? 1 am yours, truly, John B. Bishop WHAT SHALL I DO TO BE A SHAKER? ANSWERED BY BRO. THOMAS SMITH Mt. Lebanon, July 3, 1877. Esteemed Friend John B. Bishop.-. Your favor of the 1st inst. is at hand, and reply to your questions in the order they are presented. 1 st. Shakerism offers no inducements to the average man or woman; but to those whom the 'Father' hath drawn hither, it offers peace, joy and rest, coupled with the active duties of life. 2d. If yourself and companion, etc., are happily satisfied with surroundings, let Shakerism alone. If looking for something broader, more unselfish, more permanent, Shakerism will yield it, after much toil and labor; as it gives you a close relation to many brethren and sisters, whose interest and care, love and affection, are centered upon and cjrawn out by those things which tend to universal peace. 3d. It depends upon what you consider degrading. Physical labor in contact with the earth is a requisite in this case. I know of no exalted offices in the institution. 4th. Practically, yea; comparatively, nay. The members of each Shaker family fare and share alike, as per first answer; different families in Shaker communities may have local differences in these respects as per second answer. 5th. All eat at one common table, dress similarly, and feel interested in hand labor according as they are more or less unselfish. 6th. Lords and ladies form no component part of Shakerism; but strict obedience to constituted authority, for order's sake, is required. 7th. Shakerism is a better religion than is found outside of it; but it would take some time for me to ascertain whether it would supply your demands. 8th. You need have no scruples as to the Covenant being faithfully carried out toward you; our main trouble commonly proceeds from the opposite direction. 9th. Yourself and companion must come to a mutual agreement am the subject. All just debts and obligations must be fulfilled. LTpon entering the order, each heart must open the book of life to the order's representative ; in other words, confess all its sins. 10th. Frankly, I am sorry you have been a minister so long, because of the tenacity with which this class adheres to dead issues. But no answer of mine would be equal to your mingling with this people, and seeing for yourself. Do not change your opinions until you are satisfied. nth. lam aware that many seem ripening up for the harvest, but no covenant, creed or promise will cover the case. Human nature, is the same to-day as in the past; and only as the fire of Pentecost touches the human heart, will it forget its selfhood, and break its bread from door to door. 'Can we have these?' Are j'ou numerous? If so, select some of j'our best; let them come and investigate rigidly, and report as they comprehend the case. 12th. Wherever you are the best acquainted and are the most attracted. Finalljr, I write you, not as by authority, but from the basis of my own experience and belief. I am yours for the investigation of truth, Thos. Smith