CORRESPONDENCE Wilmington, Del., July i, 1877 My dear friend: Being somewhat interested in Shakerism, I would like to ask you a few questions : 1. Should I conclude to join your people what inducements, more than the world presents, will Shakerism offer me? 2. My companion and self, and children, now get on comfortably; tell me plainly, without scripture quotations, what Shakerism will give me in exchange for these? 3. 1 ask no prominent position, but will I be in any manner degraded to maintain others in an exalted office? 4. Do you fare and share alike in temporal things ? 5. Do all eat at a common table? clad in similar raiment? feel equally interested in hand labor? or, 6. Are some permitted to be ' lords and ladies,' while others are expected to do their bidding? 7. I am earnest for a better religion than can be found outside of Shakerism; do you think Shakerism will supply my demand? 8. I have read your Covenant thoroughly: and if you can assure me it is in full operation among your people, or will be exercised toward me and companions as therein stated, I believe it far preferable to any other theory yet advanced. Can you give me the assurance? 9. After answering the above, tell me what I must do first, to enlist under your banner. 10. I am a minister; have been for many years, and have never made any change from my first convictions; and I now propose to do so only on the basis of the soundest convictions, that you Shakers live as j^ou profess, and will not disappoint me in the matter of the general carrying out of your Covenant. Can you convict me? 11. I candidly believe that many stand ready to be converts to Shaker practice, when you can answer favorably query 10, and give them a certainty of an equality with others, without exception, by their yielding to the cause a full consecration. Can we have these? 12. Where do you advise our making the attempt at being Shakers, that the fullness of the Shaker Covenant may be found only as binding on us as on others? 1 am yours, truly, John B. Bishop