Christian Culture. No. 5 WM. H. BUSSELL LITERATURE. Literature, like those who originate it, changes from age to age. We have, it is true, what are called classical works, which, by reason of the unusual talent displayed by their authors, both in thought and style, have been transmitted, unchanged, from generation to generation, through many centuries. Yet these standard works, cherished, as they have been and still are, by persons of taste and culture, have in themselves, both in subject and style, a certain obsoleteness that no modern writer would think of imitating. Homer, Virgil and Dante possess a peculiar charm for the classical scholar, even in their original dress, but for most persons they must be reclothed by the modern poet. Milton and Shakspeare, with all their beauty and solemnity, and the profound knowledge of human nature displayed, have comparative few readers. New times require new thoughts and new modes of expressing them ; and, it is not too much to say, that, by the better classes in these newest times, thoughts of a more elevated character are demanded than were prevalent in the olden times. So will it be in the coming years. The best literature of the present age will create a demand for still better in the future. But the great mass of the literature of ages either passes entirely away, or else is laid up, portions of it, like mummies, in receptacles, to gratify the curiosity hunter, or to aid the historian and others who are desirous of presenting old ideas I arrayed in modern garb to those wIiq 58 THE SHAKER. are interested in viewing the past under its numerous aspects. Truth never changes in its science, nor is lost to human view, in whatever dress it may appear, from age to age. It has been supposed that a great loss was sustained in the burning of the Alexandrian library by the Mohammedan Caliph Omar. Whatever particular facts may have been accumulated there, it is certain that truth itself has never been diminished. It shows itself under myriad forms. Mankind were making history long before the first historian undertook to record its facts, but the main, guiding principles have always existed, though the historian's pages have often exhibited falsehood and fable, as well as clearly ascertained truths. Much has been written respecting the 'lost arts;' as though something of inestimable value had irretrievably slipped away from human sight and use. There is not the least necessity, nor any propriety, in ignoring the past nor in deploring it. The All-Providential Hand can be perceived guiding and sustaining all, from their earliest moments down to the present. Theologians have adduced as an argument in favor of the divine origin of the whole Bible, the fact that it has been carefully transmitted through so many centuries, down to the present time. The same argument would apply as well to all other books that have come down to us from remote ages. The fact is, errors and mistakes are transmitted side by side with truths in all books. But is this a cause of complaint? As well complain because human beings are imperfect and have been liable to error all along through the past, and still commit them. As well censure the infinite Creator because he has not made the earth in all its parts equally beautiful; because he has left so much to be done by man against the inclemency of the seasons, against wild beasts, wild woods and deserts ; because, in a word, he did not make him perfect at once, and thus save him the disagreeable necessity of doing something for himself! But the Christian prefers to act for himself. The idea of growth, culture, refinement, and ultimate perfection, is like sweetest melody to his soul. Labor is pleasant to him, because of its immediate and prospective results ; but more especially when the higher inspirations convey the divine life through every avenue of the physical, mental and moral man, imparting the vigor necessary to endure and accomplish whatever tasks are necessary for his highest welfare. Literature, of whatever kind, is merely representative. The literature of the physical sciences is not those sciences themselves, which are to be acquired actually and thoroughly only by a direct application to things. But in this brief life it is impossible for the most gifted even to acquire them all, hence the principal resource left is to substitute the literature of the things for the things :hemselves, in order to gain some in'ormation respecting what lies before us in the varied fields of knowledge. Books, then, seem to be indispensable n human culture. To reap the most useful harvest from the various fields of literature, careful labits must be formed. What is really valuable abounds everywhere, and so does that which is pernicious. The discriminating judgment is needed that discerns and appropriates the useful and rejects the useless. Many things are to )e discarded at once ; others to be examined with care, and, if found to be valuable, enjoyed, even though a critical judgment may object to this thought or that mode of expression, and subject the whole to a careful analysis. There is an absolute necessity of forming such labits ; but when they are once formed, it is not an irksome task to subject whatever is read to the crucible of a keen and searching judgment. This will not essen the enjoyment one may derive rom that which is wholly or partly excellent in itself. Culture is the most desirable thing for every human being ; and only the indolent and self-indulgent will refuse to subject themselves to whatever is necessary to gain it. The selfmdulgent may have their transient de.ight, subject to a thousand interruptions and drawbacks, but only rightlyx&gt;rmed habits, acquired by ceaseless attention to even the minutest things that make the perfect character, are attended with constantly increasing enjoyment.