BOOK TABLE The Radical Review : This is a large, quarterly magazine, claiming as its intention, ' the thorough, fearless and impartial discussion of all sides pertaining to human welfare.' If it carries out this intention thoroughly, it must needs have the support of an inexhaustible bank of funds, for there is not yet sufficient sympathy for those who would promulgate radical truths, to maintain a magazine of such magnitude ; and it is difficult for us to see at present a willingness on the part of many to have radical truths affect or interfere with their present course of very desirable selfishness. When men and women are anxious to learn truth, and to apply it practically, so that the 'golden rule' will be noticeably operative, then, and then only, can radically truthful periodicals obtain even a living support. The Christian Union Extras are very neatly executed pamphlets, and are filled with choice thoughts upon the subjects they treat of. Four have been issued. The'last number treats of the 'Russo-Turkish War,' and gives information about both nations, cause of the war, and the probabilities for the ft ture, which would be obtained with difficult elsewhere. Address the above, 27 Park place New York City. The Truth Seeker Collection : D. IV Bennett, publisher, 141 Eighth street, New York. To many, in this age of intelligence the old forms, collects, prayers, hymns anc benedictions, between the covers of the 'Boo of Common Prayer,' and verses for churc use, are very stale and unprofitable. Her we have presented, forms of the above, wit musical arrangement of verses, that are su ficiently iconoclastic to serve the purposes o the most unpopular dissenter. S. R. Wells &amp; Co., of New York, send t us a printed discourse of Rev. S. H. Pratt, A M., upon the ' Responsibility of Parentage. It is a most fitting rebuke to the progenitor of a deteriorating race, and we would tha those engaged in such worldly business woul read this discourse and regard it. ' Alone, yet not alone,' is a prett hymn from John Church &amp; Co., Cincinnat Ohio. The poetry is admirable ; but we are still more pleased with the musical compo sition and arrangement, which exhibit extra ordinary talent in this line. The latter ar the artistic labors of our rising young frienc John C. DeBaun, son of our esteemed neigh bor, H. DeBaun, of Wiskayuna, N. Y. A neat contrivance for pointing out text n the Bible without marking the page with pencil or ink, is the ' Bible Verse Indicator,' which Eben Shute, of 36 Bromfield street, Boston, offers for sale in sets of twelve for 25 ents. It is a light metallic finger point, to t on to the edge of the page to be marked; n improvement, in its lightness, on a simar article formerly in use.