SIGNS OF THE TIMES Believers in a new religion, called Moranism, are gathering in Walla Walla, Washington Territory, in expectation of a second coming of Christ. In marrnage we begin by knowing little and believing much, and often end by inverting the quantities.—Geo. Eliot. A writer on horticulture, in the Boston Traveller, points out that the culture of humanity advances with equal step with the culture of fruits, vegetables, and flowers. He argues that as agriculture banished cannibalism, an improved horticulture will result in more nutritious fruits and vegetables, so that a diet of fish, flesh or fowl, which is only a few removes from cannibalism, will give place to a fruit and vegetable diet. This, he says, will develop a finer strength of body and brain, sober all the raging passions of humanity into peace, and cause men to look upon war, and the shedding of the blood of the lower animals, as relics of barbarism. The rumor is current that the queen has a horror of war, and has said so to Lord Beaconsfield, her prime minister, and that she is averse to taking any part in the conflict between Russia and Turkeyv—Christian Intelligencer. It is reported in a German newspaper that Russia is about to abolish her usury laws, and leave borrowers and lenders to contract for the rate of interest to be paid on money according to their own discretion, simply fixing a rate, where none has been agreed upon. This is the sensible view adopted by Englanc and some of the states in this country. In striving for perfection of character, le us remember to nourish the moral sensibility that makes us ashamed of indifference or dis like towards any human being. Let us in tensify the sentiment of human brotherhood and insist on the sacredness of the universa family tie, in the faith that they will at length produce the same sensitiveness to dishono and reproach when vice stains any human being, the same joy and hope when virtue crowns any human being, that we now fee' when vice debases or virtue exalts any of ou own personal kin.—Netv Age. War is cruel, very inhuman, barbarous and in the late rebellion there was much bru tality on both sides.—President Hayes. 'The battle-cry has been heard, O God, and hostile nations have already confronted each other and begun the fierce work of destruction and bloodshed. WTho will arrest the evil? Who can? Almighty God, thou alone canst humble nations to the dust and dissuade them from bloody deeds. We humbly look up to thee and pray that hostilities may cease and peace may prevail once more in Europe.' We do not find the above prayer in a Christian paper, but in the Calcutta organ of one of the Hindu religions which have most felt the influence of the religion of Jesus. We reverently say, Amen.—New JToj'k Independent. ' What a fine-looking thing is war! Yet, dress it as we may, dress and feather it, daub it with gold, huzza after it, and sing swaggering songs about it—what is it but murder in iniform,—Cain taking the sergeant's shill- i ng?'—Douglas yerr old. Dr. Blauvelt, a very talented minister of he Reformed church has been finally deposed or heresy. Personally and socially he had the entire sympathy of the Synod, which ignorng any inspiration not laid down in its church catechism, advertised its own bigotry, and its persecuting spirit, by its action upon Blauvelt, because he regarded the Old Testament as of no binding force on Christians of of the present day. The teachings of the Apostles he regards more advisory than mandatory. The form of doctrines commonly mown as Christianity he does not regard as necessarily synonymous with evangelical religion ; although he admits that the two may go together, and sometimes do. He does not reject the divinity of Christ, nor the doctrine of a future state of rewards and punishment. We could wish that the gifted Bishop Coxe lad not written that crusaders' song. In fact, we do wish it. He has done other things much better. He has done nothing ¦worse. God help the Russ! God bless the Czar! Shame on the swords that trade can mar! Shame on the laggards, faint and far, That rise not to the holy war. To arms ! to arms ! The Cross our star. The Cross a star?—that will never do, Bishop. But it is only a minor defect. There are other and more serious ones.—Christian at Work. It is curious how much science just now does for an attack, and how little for defence. If only the development of humanity kept pace with the improvements in the art of war! In an elaborate article, in June Evolution G. W. Cook argues the origin of Christianity to be an outgrowth of perfected Judaism. This is another evidence of the growth of Shaker ideas outside of our societies. We have long held that Judaism was the proper school to introduce Christianity to souls, anc now Cook writes : 'In fact, in every direction Christianity was a natural evolution from Judaism, as influenced by Greek, and other thought.' Hundreds and thousands are flocking to Shaker testimony.