FOR OUR HEALTH In what does nerve-food consist?... In what does nerve-food consist? In what do we find it? Is it meat? No. White bread? No. Potatoes? No. If it is not found in these staples, in what is it to be found? I answer, in the exterior of the white kernel, in the skin of the potato, and in milk, partially; also in eggs and fish. I answer, the chief food staples, in the present dietetic system, are almost entirely deficient in brain and nerve building material. In view of these facts, is it a result to be wondered at, that the starving nervous tissue in the overworked masses attempts to satisfy an intolerable sense of craving of physical hunger bv the use of stimulating poisons ? — Herald of Health. Tyndall's advice. Take care of your health. There have been men who, by a wise attention to this subject, might have risen to any eminence, but who by unwise neglect on this point, have come to nothing. Imagine Hercules as oarsman in a rotten boat; what can he do there but by the very force of his stroke expedite the ruin of his craft? Take care then, of the timbers of your boat, and avoid all practices likely to introduce wet or dry rot among them. And this is not to be accomplished by desultory or intermittent efforts of the will, but by the formation of habits. No doubt the will has sometimes to put forth its strength to strangle or crush a special temptation; but the formation of right habits is essential to your permanent security. They diminish your chance of falling when assailed, and they augment your chance of recovery when overthrown. To those who dislike the odor of burned grease... To those who dislike the odor of burned grease, or find their digestion too delicate to bear it, can, by using beeswax instead of the grease, obviate the above disagreeableness. They will find their cakes, when cooked on a griddle prepared with the beeswax, a nicer brown, and they will turn with no trouble. Shaker dietetics Shaker dietetics. Their diet is simple, but sufficient. Pork is never eaten, and only a part of the Shaker people eat any meat at all. Many use no food produced by animals ; denying themselves even butter, milk and eggs. At Mount Lebanon, and in some of the other societies, two tables are set, one with, the other without meat. They consume much fruit, eating it at every meal; and they have always fine and extensive vegetable gardens and orchards. Father Evans (the Shakers call him Elder Evans, but we like Father better), now about 70 years old and at the head of one branch of the Shaker community at Lebanon, has not eaten flesh for nearly forty years, and he is hale and hearty; 62 THE SHAKEN. 63 much more so than most men of his age ; yet when he commenced his vegetable diet he was in a declining state of health ; as he tells us, 'a candidate for consumption.' Herald of Health.