Beecher on the Resurrection of the Body [That all may see the advances being made )y the churches toward original Shaker tesmony on this subject, we gladly copy from le Christian Union the following testimony. STow, Bro. Beecher, tell us of the Resurrecion of Christ, and how we may enjoy it in lis world, to the fulfillment of the prayer, Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on artk, as it is done in heaven.' How, then, bout ' marrying, giving in marriage,' tc. ?] Curiosity is continually going to the ' gates ajar ' and peering through the crack o see, what there is on the other side. This s fascinating but unprofitable employment. ^he Bible is profitable for ' instruction in ighteousness ; ' correct information respectng the kind of body we are to have in anther life, even if we could get it, would have ut small influence in determining what we hall do with the body we have in this. Yet, f we may judge from the multitude of letters we receive on this subject, there is no other vhich interests a greater number of readers; ertainly none which evokes a greater amount f correspondence. We have no special theory to propound on his subject, except the very general one that nen know less about it than they think they o. We are here cooped up in very narrow uarters, on shipboard. What sort of habitation we are going to have when we get on shore we do-not know,—and we do not care. We are quite content to leave that to our Heavenly Father. ' God giveth it a body as it pleaseth him' expresses the Christian creed about the resurrection. One thing, however, is very clear: that there is absolutely no authority whatever in scripture for the doctrine of a literal resurrection of the buried flesh and bones. It is unphilosophical, unscientific, irrational, unscriptural. It has nothing to commend it except to those who delight to approve their faith by believing the impossible. It sprang historically from a low and materialistic conception of the spiritual world. It belongs to an intellectual condition that buries the tomahawk and the bow and arrows with the chief, that he may have them to use in the spirit land. It belongs to a materialistic philosophy that identifies the soul with the body, and denies the existence of the one except in the brain of the other. It is directly repudiated by Paul, by John, by Christ. Animal nature is inherent in the body. In the heavenly world there is neither marrying nor giving in marriage. Weakness, weariness, decay, are essential characteristics of matter. In the spirit world there is no night, for no weariness; and no death, for no disintegration and decay. The body is flesh and blood. In the spirit world is neither; for flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God. The resurrection of Lazarus and other analogous cases throw no light on the resurrection for the spiritual life. Nor does the resurrection of Christ indicate a resurrection of bodies which have been devoured by the earth and mingled with the clay. Christ rose from the dead in his own earthly body. It was the same body in which he lived and which was crucified. His disci pies did not believe this at first; he demon strated the fact. He invited them to handle him, to feel the nail-print and spear-wound he took food and ate before them. But atth same time he distinctly declared to them, UA spirit hath not flesh and bones as ye see m have.' Whatever the spiritual body may be we have Christ's own words for it that th body in which he appeared to them was no a ' spiritual body.' One correspondent asks what became o: this terrestrial body. We do not know; bu we can venture an hypothesis. 'This cor ruptible must put on incorruption, and thi mortal must put on immortality.' It is per fectly conceivable that this mysteriou change, which the living bodies must the ndergo, Christ's body underwent at the moment of his ascension; that he was thus joth the first-fruits of them that slept and of lem that shall not fall asleep, but shall still je waiting when the Lord comes. We do ot assert this to have been the case. We are not wise above what is written. But when one wiser than we asserts the repulsive dogma that the minutest particles of the decayed corpse, disintegrated and taken up into vegetable and animal matter, and so scattered throughout the globe, are to be sought out and, by a miraculous sifting and sorting process, brought together again into a rejuvenated and transformed body, and then cites as a triumphant demonstration of his hypothesis the fact that Christ rose from the dead in flesh and bones such as ' a spirit hath not,' his evidence is as unsatisfactory as his conclusion is unwelcome. Our bodies admirably serve the purpose of a terrestrial and animal existence. When that existence ends there is no more use for the body, and God takes it away, dissolves it into its constituent elements, and reproduces them in new forms of life; in the grass that grows and the flowers that bloom above the grave. To suppose that he is shut up to reproducing the body for the spiritual state is to suppose that the Divine Father provides for manhood only the long clothes of the baby made over and refitted. God has not exhausted either his ingenuity or his love in what he has furnished us here below. He has given us so good a tent in the wilderness that we can afford to trust him to provide a permanent house when we get to the land of promise. As to the other question of our correspondent, we can only say that the whole drift of scripture appears to us clearly to teach that the soul passes directly from its earthly to its spiritual life; that there is no 'intermediate state ; ' that death is not death but only transition. It is the theory of Swedenborg that at death the terrestrial body drops off and the spiritual body emerges; that this is the resurrection ; that the day of judgment has already begun; that every soul goes from its death-bed to the judgment-bar of God. There are some weighty objections to this view; but there are some weighty objections to all views ? if one must have a theory this is perhaps as good as any. That death summons the Christian to judgment, and judgment ushers him into immortality, is the clear revelation of God's Word. What is the architecture of the court-room, what the proceedings, how long they last, and what is the domain that lies beyond, no one knows; and they know least who are most dogmatic. There is no objection to imagining anything if you do not frame your imagination into a creed. The piled-up clouds may often pass for snow-capped mountains ; and indulgence in the pleasing delusion is quite harmless. Nevertheless, clouds are not mountains. The boy delights to dream of what he will do when he is a man. But the realities of manhood are never like the dreams of boyhood. Of one thing we may be very sure : whatever the future is it will not be a reproduction of our day-dreams ; the mountains of God will not be patterned after the clouds of our own creating. For ' it doth not yet appear what we shall be.'