Demands of the New Cycle F. W. EVANS The Shaker seems to strike against ' coarse living and materialization, or other sensational theories,' some of which, to me, underlie the whole gosDel svstem.* How can any be saved from generative lusts unless they begin where Satan Degan to create those lusts—at the mouth and stomach? 'If any man among you seem to be religious, and Dridleth not his tongue, know that man's religion is vain.' So said James. I say, if any, in this day, seem to be re.igious and claim to be progressive, yet continue unchanged in their physiologic and hygienic habits, common to antichristian sects, their seeming and claims will prove illusory. We want—must have—as solid a foundation for the second cycle as we had for the first. ' If the trump give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare him, or herself, for the battle ?' And if the second thunder of the season sound not so long, loud and clear, reverberating through the heavens of the first cycle, as did the ¦first, through the old Babylonian heavens, who, then, I ask, will know how to prepare for the battles of Shaking, in the Judgment, that must begin at the House of God — the Zion of God — among the holy people of God ? ' Hate the flesh, with all its affections and lusts,' was the testimony of Jesus, through Mother Ann and her compeers, the founders of the first gospel degree. They fought directly, with neither small nor great evils ; only with the King—Generation. They preached the resurrection of the human soul, from sexual relations and processes ending in reproduction.' And this they did in * We cannot admit that The Shaker, at any time has even apparently taken ground of denial to the truths of coarse living, materialization, etc., but do admit of an abhorrence to mere ' sensational theories,' etc. Personally, we are very favorable to coarse diet; and strong in the belief of the truths of materialization. Our Brother Fletcher, in July No., did not take exceptions to these truths, but properly recommended that old truths receive no neglect, to 'expand too fast' into other things that all cannot yet accept to be as foundational, as does our gooc Bro. Elder F. W. Evans. Let us be liberal, brethren.—Ed. the power and demonstration of the Holy Spirit. They earned the enmity of the Dragon—winged serpent—intellectual, spiritual and religious people— iving in generative lusts. God was with them, and the whole world, lying in that wicked one—lust— was against them. A victory is gained, but that victory will be turned into a Sheridan rout, uness the lusts of the stomach, in Egyptian eating and drinking, are as effectually conquered by as practical, welldefined a course, as was the cross against generation and all generative iusts. Are we, as a people, ready for the question : What is the second thunder ?