Memorandum Number 3 DANIEL FRASER The people of the English colonies of North America had their sentiment of justice outraged by the British government. Hence they were led to cooperate, and they founded a republic, freeing themselves from the expenses of regal pomp and aristocratic extravagance ; their object being, security of life and property at the least possible cost. This republic like co-operative societies, confines itself to secular affairs. The adage, ' Corporations have no souls,' is true ; therefore, they have no religion. The moment a co-operative society makes any religious distinction between its members, it ceases to be just. The moment a republic discriminates between beliefs, it becomes unjust also, and consequently destroys itself; for its organic law (as with co-operative societies,) is 'Justice to all.' Public sentiment and intelligence created the republic, as they do co-operative societies. But, as a whole, the sentiments and intelligence of a people are in advance of their individual integrity. Men and women, honest in thought, purpose and deed, are rare. This lack of integrity is the cause of the non-prevalence of co-operative efforts. Even persons of education, culture, and of high social position, are found plunging their hands into the public moneys. Republics and co-operative societies are the advanced points of human progress ; but the truth of humanity is not Drepared to sustain them. The perpetuity of this republic is in jeopardy every day, because of the almost universal desire to acquire property without individual, honest labor. In plain language, almost everybody desires to steal. This state of things has been so ong in existence that conventional and common law throw their sanction over doing wrong, as evidenced in monopoizing the necessaries of life, etc. As stated, republics and co-operative societies are the advanced points of hunan progress; but they are not the most advanced. Communities having goods in common are beyond them, as the heavens are from the earth. The creative organic law of the heavens is, ' The love of the neighbor at the exDense of self.* Communities on earth, laving, and manifesting the same law, are of the heavens also ; provided, aninal emotions have no place in their procedure. But where animal emotions are recognized, there can be, (organicaly speaking,) no community. There may be a joint stock company, one of the dividends of which is systematic, animal gratification. However much such gratifications may be regulated, no matter, organic law remains intact. The hells are also regulated. The order of government in communities, the organic law of which is of the heavens, must necessarily be severe on the lower nature of man. 'The woman clothed with the sun, the moon under her feet, and on her head a crown of twelve stars ; brought forth a man-child who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron.' Why? Because the animal in man, as manifested in the nations of the earth, is diametrically opposed to the organic law of heaven ; the propensities, and the life thereof, can have no place there—they are of the kingdom of the Beast. 'The nations of the earth should wail because of him,'—the manchild. 'A great mourning ; every family apart, and their wives apart.' The government of heaven in its lowest degree, is as fire to the natural man ; hence the necessity of a baptism of the Holy Spirit to endure it. Modify the heavens to suit the natural man and woman, and they will be as ill at ease as before. Therefore, let the testimony of the resurrection out of our animal selthoods roll. Proclaim martial lavj against the life of the propensities^ and all the emotions and proclivities thereof. That is the word. Do so, and the heavens are with you. Modify the heavens to suit the procreative man and woman, and neither the heavens nor the earth will be with you. To our lower natures, the government of heaven is as an iron rod—a twoedged sword to kill; but to all who stand in victory over the beast within themselves, it is, and ever will be, as ' the music of the spheres. Here is truth in its most condensed form ' Nearly all churches are composed of work ers and grumblers. Grumblers scarcely ever work, and workers scarcely ever grumble.'