Read and Think That the U. S. army is to be reduced... That the U. S. army is to be reduced to 19,000 men! That Wm. H. Vanderbilt's money... That Wm. H. Vanderbilt's money is his greatest trouble in this world. One pound and a half of eggs... One pound and a half of eggs is a legal dozen now, not Hvclve units of uncertain size. Sewing machines must be cheaper... Sewing machines must be cheaper. The most important patents have failed of a renewal. The Chinese will send missionaries... The Chinese will send missionaries to America, for similar purposes that ours go there! To comprehend the beginning and ending of things... To comprehend the beginning and ending of things is an infinite thought, and therefore it requires an infinite mind to grasp it. Why, then, should a finite being darken his soul by doubt because he cannot compass infinity? A woman was arrested in New York... A woman was arrested in N. Y. city for wearing male attire. She conclusively proved the clothes were made for her, fitted to her, and the Judge discharged her, saying, there is no more law against her dressing thus than there is against the more abominable style women wear to attract attention! A word to the aged A word to the aged.—It is well for the old to be cheerful. They may have much to depress them. Health is failing. Friends are passing away. Another generation is on the stage. Other hands take up the world's work. They feel, perhaps with bitter regret, that they are not needed as they once were. Nevertheless, they should cultivate every source of happiness which remains. The love of children and grandchildren, the greater dignity and larger leisure of life, and the quiet hours they can have for communion with God, should be appreciated highly. They should get into the habit of saying good-morning every day to this world, where they have had so many eager, busy, happ_y and holy days. A late number of The Bible Banner... A late number of The Bible Banner (Advent,)contains 'The Banner Sermon,' which sums up: 'To be a Christian demands the practical life of Jesus.' Bad men, even in their prosperity... Bad men, even in their prosperity, are unhappy. The fate they have been told they merit, they are in the continual expectation of. The Cleveland (O.) Post lately gave... The Cleveland (9.) Post lately gave ' Ann Lee's Disciples' nearly three columns of creditable illustration ; and we found therein many excellent items of general information. The Shaker came in for a handsome compliment, and those shirts, received by its editor some time since, were held up for the hundredth time, as evidencing^Shaker generosity ! Let the people hear! The Harbinger of Light, Melbourne, Australia... The Harbinger of Light, Melbourne, Australia, contains extensive extracts, duly credited to our society pamphlet, ' Plain Talks.' Bro. Peebles, in Australia, is doing our cause good service, and 'ends of the earth shall know thereof.'