Watchfulness DANIEL ORCUTT ' Watch thou hi all things.' Without constant watchfulness it isL impossible to progress heavenward. To \ be ever vigilant is one half, at least, in i obtaining victory. If continually on the watch-tower when temptations assail, we give the alarm to the powers of the soul, and they unite in our defence. Would we see and know ourselves as we are seen and known of God ? Then we must keep a watchful eve upon our hearts, our appetites and passions. A more needful injunction there cannot be than this: 'Keep thy heart with all diligence, for out of it are the issues of life.' The heart is the seat of principles. As is the heart, so will the tenor of the life be ; as is the fountain, so will be the stream ; as is the tree, so wiil be the fruit. 'The heart (by nature) is deceitful above all things;' and without this constant self-inspection, we cannot obtain self-control, nor power over sin. Sinful pleasure possesses a peculiar faculty to allure, deceive and destroy. To all its votaries it promiseth pleasure and perfect security; but 'the wages of sin is death ! ' As sin is deceptive in its promises and fatal in its results, how important that all should heed the counsel of the wise and pure, also the injunction: ' Watch and pray that ye enter not into temptation,' which would save from many wrong steps and much misery in after life. The inexperienced of all ages, for the lack of understanding, frequently act without considering the consequences of their actions. They know not how to judge correctly at all times, of objects that present themselves, but are in danger of receiving evil for good and good for evil. Hence the need of the enlightening influences of the Holy Spirit to enable them to discern that which is excellent, to 'prove all things, and hold fast that which is good.' This want of understanding displays itself in the wrong choice of companions; while the person of plain appearance, who may possess much wisdom and goodness, is rejected, the accomplished deceiver, with his showy exterior, is accepted as a confidential friend. Appearances are often deceitful. ' Beware of the iseeming friend,' who comes to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly is a ravening wolf.' Satan is never asleep nor idle. It is his business to 'sow tares.' He selects his opportunity when some ' sheep,' weak in the faith, ceases watching. Self-confident, they suspect no danger. But the wolf comes, not in hi^ true character, not as a wolf, but as a sheep ! The sheep are deceived. He mingles with them ; talks gospel truths ; he insinuates and flatters, until he gains their confidence ; he marks his time. First one, then another, now another, fall victims of this arch deceiver. Wolves are now abroad in sheep's clothing. Watch ! 'By their fruits shall we know them.' Enfield, Conn.