AGRICULTURAL WEEDS Among the earliest plants to start in arable ground are weeds, and the presence of weeds is more or less indicative of slovenly farming. But what is a weed? inquires one. As good a definition as can be given is : A plant out of place; or, in other words, every plant different from the crop under cultivation, and growing therewith to its detriment. Weeds are propagated in two ways, to wit: by seeds and roots. To the former sort belong annuals and biennials, and to the latter, perennials. Professor Buckman, of the Cirenster College, England, discovered in a pint of clover seed, 7000 weed seeds ; in a pint of cow-grass seed, 12,000; in broad clover, 39,440; and two pints of clover seed yielded, one 25,560, and the other 70,400 weed seeds. These statements show the neceesity for care in buying clover seed. The same necessity for care in purchasing grains and grass seeds is manifest, as shown in reference to clover seeds. The above professor counted four thousand seeds ripened by one plant of charlok, or 'wild turnip,' as the weed is sometimes called by farmers. The stinking chamomile, a single plant of it produced 36,000 seeds, and a burdock 26,000, and a plant of common dock 17,000 seeds. These few specimens show with what wonderful prolificness weeds furnish seeds for propagation. Thistles, and some other kinds of weeds, furnish winged seeds, which are scattered by the wind. No farmer should suffer such plants to go to seed. Another way of propagating weeds, is by putting the cuttings of hedges and other waste places into the compost heaps. Such are some of the ways of propagating weeds. As prevention is better than cure, exercise it when and where it can be done; but be sure and eradicate weeds in the garden and the field. We have seen the value of sowing rye... We have seen the value of sowing ryeamong corn, after it has received its last hoeing and hilling. Ihe value is twcFirst, where the rye is sown thickty, no weeds can supersede it; and when the crop is harvested, and ere the ground freezes, a good coating of green manure is thus furnished, to be turned under. Farmers are getting wise in the knowledge that a heavy green crop for turning under is by far the cheapest method of manuring farms well. Here are a couple of items worthy of being told... Here are a couple of items worthy of being told. Farmers who have tested them say they are effectual as good scarecrows : The best scarecrow is a suspended lookingglass. Take two small, cheap mirrors, fasten them back to back, attach a cord to one angle, i elastic pole. When the glass swings in the wind, the sun's rays are reflected all over the field, even if it be a large one, and even the oldest and bravest of crows will depart precipitately should one of its lightning flashes fall on him. The second plan, although a terror to crows, is especially well suited to fields subjected to the inroads of small birds, and even chickens. It involves an artificial hawk made from a big potato and long goose and turkey feathers. The maker can exercise his imitative skill in sticking the feathers into the potato so that they resemble the spread wings and tail of the hawk. It is astonishing what a ferocious bird of prey can be constructed from the above simple material. It only remains to hang the object from a tall bent pole, and the wind will do the rest. The bird will make swoops and dashes in the most headlong and threatening manner. Even j the most inquisitive of venerable hens have been known to hurry rapidly from its dangerous vicinity, while to small birds it carries unmixed dismay.—Scientific American.