A Remarkable Prophecy [Our readers will thank us, we feel assured, for reproducing in print the following remarkable prophecy and interpretation. As will be observed, it is copied from a book published in 1854; an^ its first special notice, through the Chicago Inter Ocean in 1876, attracted considerable attention. As we circulate largely among a Bible-reading people, we ask that the book be opened at Daniel, xi., 40-45 verses; and compare them with what follows.—Ed. Shaker.] A book out of print entitled 'Armageddon, or the United States in Prophecy,' written by the Rev. S. D. Baldwin, a Presbyterian minister of Nashville, Tenn., then President of Soule Female College, but long deceased, was published in 1854. When the work appeared it attracted very wide attention. Among the predictions was a bloody and furious war to begin in 1861, and to end the 117th day of 1865- -a war which exactly fulfills the term of the late rebellion, Johnson having surrendered to Sherman April 26, 1865, and thus terminated the array of arms. From this remarkable exposition of the prophetic parts of the Bible we copy so much as relates to the first four verses of our quotations from Daniel, as follows : 'And at the time of the end.' This period was to be that between the first and last endings of the three and a half times, or between 1776 and 1878, or between the 1200 and 1235 days. During this period this willful king was to come to his end; but, before his end, he was to engage in war for some outlying countries, and was to be interrupted by two great powers, but was to conquer and prosper till the 'last end of the indignation.' As this was to be the great monarchy power represented by the image that was to be broken by the stone (since it was Rome), it is evident that its head must be in Europe, and must be the empire represented by the septimo-octave head of the beast in revelation. Now, the great power which fills half of Europe and overshadows and controls the rest of the rising colossus, — Russia, — therefore, must be the power intended as falling in the holy mountain. Now, as Ezekiel, almost literally, describes Russia as falling on the mountains of Israel, in the latter day, he furnishes further evidence that the fourth kingdom, in the time of the end, was to be resurrected in or by Russia. The willful kingdom was an autocrat among nations, and so is the Russian kingdom. 'The king of the south shall push or butt at him; and the king of the north shall come against him like a whirlwind, with chariots, and with horsemen, and with many ships.' The two kingdoms, under the names north and south, are to be identified by their relative positions to the Russian power, or to each other. The king, or kingdom, of the south would very naturally apply to Turkey on the south of Russia \ but as Turkey exists by the sufferance of France and England, it is possible the two great western powers, which hold to each other the relation of north and south, may be intended. At any rate, the southern king makes short fight of it, if anything is to be understood by the figure of butting at the willful king, or he brings on the fight. The kingdoms of Syria and Egypt, called the kingdoms of the north and south, held about the same close relation to each other, and to Rome, that England and France do to each other and to Russia; only they were on the east of Rome, and the case is now just reversed. The king of the north is Great Britain. This is evident from its northern position, as a great power, and from the immense naval, as well as land, forces it possesses. No nation but a very great one would attack the autocratic king; and no nation has such a navy as Britain. This north nation was to come like a whirlwind, with his great naval and land forces, which are indicated by ' many ships ' and ' chariots anc horsemen.' The attack was to be great anc furious, but finally unsuccessful; for the autocrat moves right on to his purpose, and more than gains it, according to the prophet. ' He shall enter into the countries, and shall overflow, and pass over.' His entering the countries intimates that this was his original design, in which he had been interrupted by the two great powers that confederated against him. England and France, or England and Turkey, will unite against Russia. And it seems as if considerable effort was to be made to check Russia's designs ; yet Russia is to take the countries this side of the crossings, and then to pass over into Asia, it would seem. The word 'overflow' signifies the great increase of his armies and triumphs. To ' pass over ' implies the advancement of conquest, by some great crossing, into a new scene of warfare. ' He shall enter the glorious land.' This at once reveals his advancement into Palestine, and shows that the passing over related to the conquest of Asia Minor and the Turkish empire generally. ' Many countries shall be overthrown; but these shall escape out of his hand, even Edom and Moab, and the chief of the children of Ammon.' This would literally imply the conquest of a great portion of Asiatic Turkey, with some exceptions. These were conquests in Asia. ' He shall stretch forth his hand also upon the countries, and the land of Egypt shall not escape.' This expression . implies the exertion of severe sovereignty. African countries are here referred to, as Egypt is specific for a generic term or a part of the whole. ' He shall have power over the treasures of gold and silver, and over all the precious things of Egypt.' 'The Libyans and Ethiopians shall be at his steps.' This still further teaches the unlimited dominion over Africa in the west and south. Thus having obtained nearly all Europe, Asia and Africa, he becomes indomitable and his empire almost limitless : it emulates old Rome as the possessor of three continents. According to the views of Mr. Baldwin the accomplishment of Daniel's prophecy was to begin in 1S76, continue through 1877 and terminate before the close of April, 1878. Should his prognostications turn out to be true the near future will develop startling and profoundly interesting events. In that case the efforts of the European powers to patch up a peace will prove abortive ; the actual occupation of the revolted provinces by Russian troops will take place; England will oppose the Czar's progress with a sudden, tremendous onset in magnificent array, but without avail; Russian armies will victoriously cross the Dardanelles into Turkey, making a conquest of the European portion first, then pour triumphantly into Asia Minor, reduce it to subjection, together with Egypt, Palestine, and some African countries besides. If Daniel's prophecy has been accurately interpreted, Russia is to become the autocratic colossus among nations in the old world with in eighteen months from this date, and then precipitately tumble into a vast and wonder ful ruin. Our readers, with this prophetic map of the future before them, will be able quickly to determine, by the concurrence o the divergence of approaching events, ho\ much truth or falsity there is in our quotec exposition of scriptural dates and occurrence foreordained. In these times of European up heaval and change, when diplomacy is bafflec and desiring, and when the strong attention of the two hemispheres is fixed upon the war like situation, any fact or even hypothesi bearing upon its aspects, from whateve source, must prove interesting.