DOMESTIC ECONOMY CUCUMBER PICKLES In answer to B. G. H. in Country Gen tleman of May 10th, I would say that from twenty years' experience I find the quickes and most sure method of pickling cucumbers by the quantity or less is thus: For one hundred cucumbers, say about three or foui inches long, take one pint of salt and sprinkle ' over them (for larger ones, more salt is re quired, or longer standing in the brine—say forty-eight hours) in tubs, having ready boil ing water to pour over them sufficient to cover them well. Let them stand twenty-four hours, stirring occasionally that all may be : affected by the brine, then wipe dry, and pack in stone jars. Scald your 'spices to your taste' in the vinegar, and pour over ¦ hem hot; lay a plate over them to keep them all under the vinegar. Now paste two pieces : of factory cloth together, and then paste this over the neck of the jar securely, to keep from the air. Place them in the cellar where they will not be injured by the frost, anc your pickles will keep two years (if sealed) as well as one, and hard and crispy. I use red pepper and horseradish, and sometimes add one cupful of brown sugar to the jar which improves it much. I have found this 1 a much easier way than salting them dowi ¦ and freshening in the winter. Try them 1 once and you will again. N. B.—Use noth ing but pure cider vinegar, as manufactured 7inegars will not preserve fruit for any length of time, and for cucumbers in particular; nothing but pure cider vinegar will keep them good. Country Gentleman M. W in REMEDY FOR INSECT BITES When a mosquito, flea, gnat, or other noxious insect, punctures the human skin, it deposits or injects an atom of an acidulous fluid of a poisonous nature. The results are irritation, a sensation of tickling, itching, or of pain. The tickling of flies we are comparatively indifferent about; but the itch produced by a flea, or gnat, or other noisome insect, disturbs our serenity, and, like the pain of a wasp or a bee sting, excites us to a remedy. The best remedies for the sting of insects are those which will instantly neutralize this acidulous poison deposited in the skin. These are either ammonia or borax. The alkaline reaction of borax is scarcely yet safficiently appreciated. However, a time will come when its good qualities will be known, and more universally valued than ammonia, or, as it is commonly termed, 'hartshorn.' The solution of borax for insect bites is made thus : Dissolve one ounce borax in one pint of water that has been boiled and allowed to cool. Instead of plain water, distilled rosewater, elder, or orange-flower water, is more pleasant. The bites are to be dabbed with the solution so long as there is any irritation. For bees' or wasps' stings, the borax solution may be made of twice the above strength. In every farmhouse this solution should be kept as a household remedy. — S. Piesse If your room needs deodorizing... If your room needs deodorizing, or a change of air seems very desirable therein, throw open the windows for a few moments, and burn on the stove-hearth, or over the lamp-chimney on some metal substance, a lump of sugar as large as a hickory-nut. Almost any one unfamiliar with this method, will be most agreeably suprised at the result.