PARALYSIS IN PEAS The London Punch, alluding facetiously to the popular scare on poisonous canned peas, adds a few lines of chemical fact worth remembering. Beware, says the writer, how you try the effect of strychnine, prussic acid, or any other poison, on a rabbit or guinea pig. Have the fear of the Anti-Vivisection Act before your eyes. If you want to try experiments with poisons on a living animal, try them on yourself. Should you kill yourself, unintentionally, the law will acquit you of suicide, as it does not forbid any donkey to experiment on a donkey. Suppose, for instance, you want to know what is the effect of repeated small doses of copper upon the human system, take a fraction of a grain of the sulphate of acetate of that metal once a day continually till you discover. Ultimately you will find it produces paralysis. You will ose the use of your hands or legs, or one ide, or more, of your body. Salts of copper will paralyze you sooner than even salts of mercury. But you must take them in minute quantities. In large doses they mostly rid you of themselves—copper acting like antimony. In order to take your copper pleasantly, your best plan will be to swallow it at dinner time, daily, along with green peas. This you can do all the year round, as peas are always to be had preserved in tins. You can mix your copper with your peas if necessary. If the peas are of a dull, grayish, faded, ugly color, there is probably no copper in them, and you may have to put some. But when their tint is a beautiful bright green, then you may suspect that there is plenty of copper in them to cause paralysis if persevered with sufficiently long. The copper is mingled with the peas to make them look pretty; and few people seem to be deterred by the fear of poison from preferring pretty-looking peas to plain ones. It is possible, however, that it may become rather less easy than it has been heretofore to procure tinned peas, which besides being tinned are also coppered. Several foreign provision dealers have lately been summoned before Mr. Knox, and on medical evidence, fined for selling tinned peas containing copper in dangerous quantities. As they sold them in ignorance, they have been let off with nominal fines, but in future vend ers of coppered peas may expect to incur a penalty of $250 for each offence—and have to pay. Of course the multitude ignorantly eating peas greened with copper must be, all of them, greener than any peas. Bright green tinned peas may always be suspected of containing copper. If there is any question on that point, it may be summarily settled by pouring on the peas a little strong liquid ammonia, which, if copper is present, will mak them turn bluer than even their seller will loo when he is fined $250. So also with pickles, only the vinegar of the pickles will require a large excess of ammonia. In case there is no ammonia or other means at hand of determining whether the greenness of peas or pickles is owing to copper or no, a philosopher would give copper the credit of the color, and himself the benefit of the doubt.