LOVE ELIZABETH MARTIN How we love to meet a soul whose influence breathes peace, and such are they who cultivate in their hearts the beautiful gift of universal love. When inexperience blinds our eyes, and error leads us where we would not go, how truly then we appreciate that love whose gentle acts speak thus: ' I will sacrifice for thee ; thou art a portion of my sacred interest; material trials cannot come between my soul and thine to mar nor divide ; but I will take thee by the hand and pray for thee that thy strength fail not; till thine error is conquered, and thou canst walk securely in the right-hand path, where virtue reigns. Purity has paved the way; righteousness and peace illumine the .course ; strait as straitness, pure as the heavens, thou canst not lose thy way.' How it melts our souls ! How we love to clasp so warm a hand, and find our reliance in so pure a heart! Surely, if before we felt forsaken, now we feel the cloud of despondency lifted up, and one of God's messengers sent to tell us of that love that ' saves to the uttermost' that pure spirit of God dwelling in the bosom of humanity ; and we voluntarily say we will sacrifice also. O, what a rich treasure is pure, disinterested love ! How priceless the gem ! God created it. It is one of the attributes of God. When he made man 'in his own image,' he infused this divine nature in his being to bring forth fruits of righteousness and peace on earth, and make man truly only a ' little lower than the angels.' But how has he perverted this Godgiven faculty of the mind ! How has it become dimmed and cankered in the vortex of selfish passions! God calls upon his children through the Christ spirit, to cultivate anew this heaven-born germ implanted in the soul. He says: 'Give me thy heart.' Let us put forth thy hands in active love,—be jealous over the interests of our brother and sister, through our own self-sacrifice; 'weep with those who weep'—let their sufferings touch our souls as our own heart-griefs. We will ' rejoice with those who do rejoice' in refined thanksgiving, for love is harmony. Love is the greatest saving power,—'tis the 'balm in Gilead ' to soothe and make whole. Love is selfdenying, and quickens the spirit in confidence toward its Creator, for 'Perfect 1 ove casteth out fear.' What an Eden would this world be . bad man obeyed the command, 'Love . the Lord thy God with all thy heart,' : and 'thy neighbor as thyself.' Love ] lever slanders, never deceives, is not suspicious, not envious nor selfish. It delights to speak well of its brother,— speak truthfully to him,—believes him sincere, and denies itself for his happiless. Let us all cultivate love toward each other. We do not know the magnitude of its holy influence on the minds of those around us. Let us speak in the tone of love, and in the spirit of love, ind pray for a daily draught from the unfailing fountain of eternal heavenly love, to cement us soul to soul. We must love ! We have sacrificed the carnal and natural relations of this life, and our affections reach out to love. Let them be interwoven in and through the pure Christian relationship. Let their roots be planted in that foundation ' pure as crystal,' and their vines, entwining around the 'oaks' in Zion. grow strong and able to bring forth fruits of love unto the Lord,—a chastened spirit, a virgin soul, the perfection of gospel graces. Let the aged feel th at we love and revere them ; for they are needy and worthy of all we can bestow, and their blessing in return is a golden link, joining us to the love of friends in the 'better land.' Let us love the middle-aged ; on them devolve the burdens of this encumbered life, and love buoys and supports the soul. Let us love the young. Ah, the young,— They need the love whose breath is prayer, To guide their wayward steps—¦ To lead them to that anchor—where Their souls in God can rest. And let us love the infant mind, yet ignorant of life's hidden snares and trying burdens. Amid our hours of watching and weariness, let us not forget to love their souls, but gently lead them, stamping the impress of love upon their tender hearts, ere they are seared by cold, selfish neglect. How desolate would be the pathway of life, did not some sun of true, pure love sometimes arise above the horizon of our vision, when our hope and faith seem eclipsed with trial, to enliven and refresh with its bright anc glorious rays. A cheerful countenance, a pure language, a gentle voice, a willing hand ¦ I are all notes of harmonyv whose combined tones, vibrating on the chords of the soul, breathe the sweet music of Love, lifting our thoughts to God and heaven. Let us all learn to 'play these sweet keys,' and make our earth a paradise, and its inhabitants angels. Canterbury, N. H.