CHRISTIAN CHARITY JAMES G. RUSSELL And now abideth Faith and Hope And Charity—these three ; The greatest one with which we cope, Is Christian Charity. Do patiently and meekly bear The plain and wholesome truth,— The ills of life, its wear and tear, And waywardness of youth, Requires that Christian charity, The Christian only knows, Who cultivates among the three, The smiling, blooming rose. ?or though we have the miner's wealth, His mass of glittering gold, And—greatest of earth's blessings—health,— And gifts, a hundred fold, Yea, though we speak with tongues of men, In eloquence most free, And wield the sage's magic pen, Yet, have not charity, We prove ourselves as ' sounding brass,' Or ' tinkling cvmbals ' shoal; And when to spirit life we pass, Remorse will fill the soul. Come, then, each fair professing saint. Let each our lives review, And whatsoever proves a taint, We'll cleanse and start anew. But, deepest of all sinful hues, Uncharity we find Discloses to our sight a bruise Upon the feeble mind, Too deep and painful to behold, Without a shedding tear; The aching heart so void and cold, With love we would not cheer! But let us now Love's healing balm, W ith constancy apply, And every rising tempest calm, That clouds a sunny sky. The young and tender buds, that need The nourishment of life, To cherish with parental heed, Shall be our future strife. Our blessed Savior's words shall be Engraven with each thought, ' Let little children come to me, And none forbid them not.' We'll draw each little trusting mind So closely to our own, That safe protection they may find Within our walls of home. And though advancing days of youth Increase each anxious care. And where we've sown the seeds of truth, We find the pois'nous tare, We will not hopelessly repine, And in our weakness say, Behold the fruitless waste of time, Our work all thrown away! But strive we will with Christian zeal, Each youthful heart to bless, Although we may not always feel Returns of gratefulness, We ever will the right maintain, And keep a spirit mild, With anxious feelings, to reclaim The wayward youth or child. Thus like our Savior we may be, In Zion, saviors too; Promoting peace and purity, In all we say and do. Uplifting in affliction's hour, The weary, fainting soul; Employing all our time and power To strengthen young and old. Our blessed parents, who have trod The path we now pursue, Have gathered many souls to God, And this now we may do. If we, with equal charity, Forgive, and long forbear, With manifested parity, • Their gospel mantles wear; So we, like them, may gather souls, From darkness, sin and loss; And as development unfolds, Sustain them in the cross. Oh Charity, sweet Charity ! Thy sufferance is long! And ' chief among the blessed three,' Thou conquerest all wrong. We'll wear thee as a garment fair, Throughout our journey here, And let each word and act declare Thy presence ever near. And in the good time yet to be, When from our toils we rest, Our grateful children we shall see Rise up and call us blest.