What shall I do to be a Shaker ? No. 6 JAMES S. PRESCOTT As the religious and spiritual elements are increasing every year, running parallel with the destructive element, the time is coming when the question, ' Men and brethren, what shall we do ?' will be asked with no unmeaning sound. When the angels of correction are sent forth, as they surely will be, the cry of convicted souls will not be, 'What shall I do to be a Shaker?' nominally —this is too sectarian to the world— but what shall we do to be saved from the violation of Christian law, from which we are now suffering? This will be their language: 'Men and brethren, what shall we do?'—Acts 2 : 37. This will be the burden of their cry. Such are sinning with their eyes open ; living in constant and perpetual violation of the laws of repix&gt;duction ; the fruits thereof are manifest, which are death—moral and spiritual death. What shall we do that we may live— ' to inherit eternal life ? ' A more important question was never asked. And the answer will be, not only believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, but live his life. This is eating his flesh and drinking his blood, in the very deed. Keep his commandments. 'We shall be saved by his life.'—Romans 5 : 10, and not by his death. This is being saved by the blood of Christ; for what a man eats or drinks makes his blood. 'The blood is the life thereof.' Therefore all men should be careful of what they eat, and of what kind of a life they are living on the earth; whether it is any better than that which Adam lived, whom so many reproach for having committed the first and great sin. WHO IS A SHAKER? A real and true Shaker is one who is living the life of Christ; who is living in the development of the moral and spiritual faculties—the highest, crowning glory of man and woman while in the form. This is the reason why he has stood before the world for the last century and proclaimed his sentiments, and is still apparently unknown ; ' his life is hid with Christ in God;' he is an Essenean of the nineteenth century ; hence, there is no affinity existing between him and those on that plane ; he lives in the future, hence he is often misrepresented in the present; having outgrown the ruditnental, he ' is not of the world.' Thousands are being developed on the animal plane, and as many in the intellectual scale, who stand in great need of a higher moral and spir- 68 THE SHAKER. itual development. They lack these elements as much as did one of old, who said he had kept the '•'•law' from his youth up. It was never designed that man and woman, of noble intellects, should always remain slaves to their perverted appetites and passions. There is a 'higher law' for them to keep, and moral power is given in this day to enforce that law. 'For now is come salvation and strength, the kingdom of our God and the power of his Christ.' N. Union, O.