Notes by the Way. No. 10 HENRY C. BLINN Just now I am somewhat interested in the demonstrations of light which I find circulating so quietly, and yet so effectually, in the minds of men. Ii fact, I think the more interest we take in any of the moral or religious phase of life, the more we shall see wherein the hand of a kind Providence is gradu ally unfolding to the children of men more clearly and fully, the 'ways o pleasantness and the paths of peace. History informs us that there has been a stone age, an iron age, and a golden age. Very well; if they proved satis factory to those who lived amid thei especial influences, we should rejoic for their sakes. We have the culmina tion of them all, and a manifestation o: light and life far exceeding. We hav heard that those who dwell in splen did residences sometimes occupy fo years the rear apartments of the builc ing, which are more or less obscurec by blinds or shutters, while they re serve in darkness, the parlor or draw ing-room for an anticipated compan lat never arrives, thus depriving themelves of the thousand and one blessings which the beautiful sunshine would confer upon them. Possibly there may be men who, having exalted faculties of the mind, as foolishly close their best apartments to the light, and hide themselves away to ponder over some physiological, social, or theological problem, —the elucidation of which, to themselves only, is the salvation of the world,—forgetting that the deprivation of either one may render us very unhappy. He who teaches the imperative necessity of chastity of body may be doing as much to establish the kingdom of God upon earth as the one who is singing psalms. If the knowledge of the Lord, in this favored age, fails ' to cover the land,' it must be admitted that it dwells largely among men. It is found up-springing on every side. A prominent New England divine writes : ' Woe to him who subtly brings evil upon;' another.' 'In all your growth then, seek after goodness.' ' In your ambitions, in your way of talking, in your style of doing business, in the expression of your religiousness, in your words and feelings even, you are copied by others. The soul has its children as truly as the body. In the judgment they will come to you and claim you as parents.' From the author of 'Man and his Relations,' we quote : 'So intimate is the relation between the body and the mind, that they act reciprocally and powerfully on each other. Especially does the mind exert a mighty influence, for weal or woe, over the body. The mental and vital acting are so inseparable that every silent emotion and unspoken thought leaves an image—dim and shadowy it may be—in the organic structure. The vital fluids flow fast or slow, as the mind is excited, or is permitted to repose.' ' Moral education, without which there is nothing of literature or of science, but is liable to be perverted to the worst purposes, is to be begun in infancy. The first step is to teach the child implicit obedience to parental authority, and then to rule with such moderation and sweetness, that it shall en tirely trust and love the hand tha guides it. Nor is it precept alone tha will suffice. Though precept upon pre cept be given, and their memories be stored with moral and religious love o: the first kind, it will be of little avai except a corresponding example b daily practiced before their eyes.' It must be a source of great satisfac tion to the philanthropic mind to fine such earnest co-workers here. Throug] the persistent efforts of this, much tha is wrong is prevented from germi nating. Infancy, youth and old age ar held by moral restraint from many o' the influences which are on the border of perdition. Although called from th world as evangelists to testify agains the sins of the world, our order 'ha not whereof to boast.' The scriptural injunction meets us on every hand ' Freely ye have received, freely give.' .t may be wise to make an examination, nd see if we are not largely occupying tie rear apartments of the mind, where he treasures of this world claim the xiost attention, or are quietly resting on anticipated promises in the inner temple, with the blinds closed.