The Self-Denials of Christianity The Christian of to-day must, for his own spiritual good, beware of certain worldlj habits and indulgencies, lest he go back to the world. It may not be easy to say where the harm of theater-going, and horse-racing, and danc ing, and card-playing, and adherence to worldly fashion, is; it can be argued, indeed with a good deal of-plausibility, that there is nothing wrong in them at all; that a chris tian may indulge in them without fear o: reproach; but if the tendency of those things is to dissipate seriousness, and to make the soul worldly and careless of its religious duties, and so to throw it back and cause it to retrograde in its devotion to Christ and love of his cause, then it had better deny itsel: the use of them. It had better do so, both out of charity for others and regard for its own highest welfare. 'What doth it profi a man to gain the whole world and lose his own soul?' Let the soul be kept sound and true to its purpose; let it be unwavering' and progressive in its attachment to Christ, cost what r will. This is that pearl of great price which is worth all one has to win and keep. Therefore, in regard to those matters which stanc on debatable ground, the right or wrong o: which is not clearly discerned, be this the standard of decision, namely, their effect on the soul. If they do not hinder it in the better life, use them; but if they exert an injurious influence upon it, produce spiritua apathy, set the soul back to that state o worldliness which it has professed to shake off, then they doubtless belong to those hings 'from which, if ye keep yourselves, re shall do well.' We copy the above paragraphs, from • Sermons by the Monday Club ;' and we are very much pleased to acknowledge their goodly intent. There may De perceived therein, an earnestness to oractice certain self-denials to some species of worldliness. It will, however, be easily perceived, that the dearest idols of the world are unmentioned ; that, being made respectable, and fostered by unchristian, fashionable Christianity, they are too dear to the carnal mind, for many to rise with sufficient religious enthusiasm to testify against. For instance: Marriage, that god of the world ; and another god with an / in it—gold ; and another, that springs from 'the lusts that war in your members,' etc., etc. We would have religiously-inclined people, adopt at first, without ' beating round the bush' of evasion, the radicals of Jesus' life. Read I. Cor. 7 : 32, 33. If we would be honest in serving the Lord, instead of a great deal of the world, what shall we do with marriage? We think, it is better to do with it as Jesus did—live above it. The only object of marriage is reproduction ; any excess under its license, is beneath the practice of the brutes ! Reproduction is of the world. The children of the resurrection, of Christ—' I am the resurrection,'—do not marry, neither here nor hereafter. To rise with Christ, leaves marriage with the unresurrected. Said Paul : ' I would have you without worldly carefulness. He that is married, careth for the things of the world—how he may please his wife, etc. He that is unmarried, careth for the things that belong to the Lord, and how he may please the Lord.' Once again, we would repeat: We do not condemn marriage, individual possessions, war, etc., in their proper places. But we do object to their practice by those professing Christ. Christianity, by its author, dissolved all marital relations and taught the superior, chaste anc spiritual life of the heavens—brethren and sisters in Christ. We therefore with all Christian respect, say to those who are married, etc., you are not following the Master; have not •'¦left all and followed him,' as did his immediate disciples; and inasmuch as you have not done so, you are not Christians Jesus told of the unmarried occupying places of the -'children of the resurrection ; ' we all pray, or pretend to, foi that state of heaven or earth. Jesus, his disciples, past and present, were virgins Paul wished all were virgins like himself ; and ' would present you as chaste virgins unto Christ.' Strike more radically, Monday Club. It is easy to pick holes in other people's work, but it is far more profitable to do better yourself. Is there a fool in all this world that cannot criticise? Those who can themselves do good services are but as one to a thousand compared with those who can see faults in the labor of others,