EDITORIAL NOTES The subject of Church Unions is exciting considerable attention now. We lear of LTnion Camp Meetings, Union Sunday School Processions, etc. We are ever glad to hear of, or witness such demonstrations. But why not come together, and speak right out in meeting, in testimony against the causes of all dissensions in church matters, and je one people in Christ? The main trouble causing so many Lords, faiths, Daptisms, etc., is a determination to save to ourselves so much nve cannot find in Christ. Let Jesus, the Christ, be lifted up as the model life of all church members; let each expunge from daily, life practice, what cannot be found resembled in Christ-life, and the same of his immediate disciples, and their unadulterated, primitive testimony, and let this copying of Christ-life in our lives, be the basis of our union. Can we get a better basis? What will become of the riches, poverty, marriages, wars, private interests, intemperances, lusts, salaried priests and medical quacks? Passing, to the ' Church Union,' the above basis—Jesus Christ's life—as the proper one for all Christians to agree upon, we hereby give notice that we, the Shakers, stand ready to join the Union of Churches ! Who will accept the basis? There's many a truth said in jest; and we advise serious consideration upon what 'Punch' talks so funnily about in another column. If it does not pay to live in health very long, it certainly will not pay to live in a condition worse than death, ad infinitum. We may be the first to suggest the mercy, but called on to witness so many heart-rending incidents, where persons caught in the timbers of burning buildings, and doomed to cremation while alive ; we propose an addition to the police or fire force, of a competent person to administer a sponge saturated with a powerful anesthetic, to put beyond the power of feeling such persons, where escape from the fiery element is decided to be impossible by the powers that command at such scenes. Were we at such a fire as we lately read of, where a man begged to be killed outright, rather than roast to death, we should unhesitatingly have used chloroform very freely, if we could have rendered no further help. We, in his stead, would have more than desired the force of this suggestion. A recent Presbyterian exchange asks The Shaker : 'If the religion of the Shakers is the right one, why are they so very few in number?' Thank you for that question. We will answer you itwice: (1) 'Broad is the way, etc., and many go in thereat; but strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, and few there be that find it,' or who want to find it. (2) Let all Presbyterians attempt living just as the author of 70 THE SHAKER. Christianity lived, and then see how few Presbyterians there would be, and whether there would be one left foolish ' enough to need an answer to such a ] question! If numbers count for righteousness, the Shakers are not far behind the Presbyterians ! but do they ? --- |l We. have large reasons for doubting the sincerity of those who say and sing so loudly their love for Jesus, if they do not manifest their love by an increased nearness of their lives to his. Whoever we express undue admiration and love for, we will invariably and persistently strive to be like. Our love inevitably means a desire to be like the one or ones we so ardently love. But there is a good deal of the spurious manifested, in songs and else, about Jesus. Oh, for a good deal more genuineness in ' Nearer, my God, to thee ! ' One of our old hymns, recently quoted in The Shaker, makes this truthful allusion : 'This work will make me kind and clever To all around me, yea, forever.' We say, truthful allusion to our gospel work. Our confidence in the efficacy of the gospel should begin at home, and in its efficiency with ourselves. A sour, cross, ungoverned, uncomfortable Shaker, is a most miserable representative of the system we are called to adopt. If we see or hear of one, called to be a Shaker, whom any dread to meet because of their petulancy, scolding, fretful and self-seeking, it matters not how good they have been in some respects, we must argue, the gospel has really done but little for such, let his or her opportunity have been longer or shorter. With the profession we make, and the boasting we enter into, and justly too, regarding our Shaker faith, the presentation of a jealous, selfish, cross, peevish, fault-finding individual as a representative, is a burning shame to the gospel of Ann Lee. Such persons have certainly mistaken their profession— they should rather have embraced the faith of those who deem salvation the work of a vicar ; who would make them pleasant without their self-denial; but they are a disgrace to Shaker name and society. We would respectfully ask any old or young Believers, who are periodically or generally afflicted with crabbedness, often to look in the glass, and to manufacture an unchangeable smile for their countenances, for the magnificence of the profession—' for the faith's sake.' We recently attempted a ruse, to draw out some answers from a novitiate elder of our church, as to 'What shall I do to be a Shaker?' Writing by proxy, and another's direction, we anticipated some splendid reading for readers of The Shaker, and information to inquirers. Chagrin covered our countenance all over when we received reply: 'We are engaged harvestingno w ; no time to write much. We send you a book.' And then we had the pleasure of opening a copy of 'Plain Talks,' a book which we, having written, were of course quite familiar with. We acknowledge being outrused !