CONFESSION AND ABSOLUTION FREDERICK W. EVANS In England, there is national excitement about the Eastern War; about the Bradlaugh and Bessant book, how to check population, and also an ecclesiastical excitement about a new book—'The Priest in Absolution.' This book gives minute directions to the priests of the high church party, to whom it is issued, how to question the penitent. As all the Protestant priests, like their Catholic fathers, are of the ' Lords of creation' order, this gives unutterable offence to the anti-popery classes of the reformation. The ritualists are lapsing back into the old mother of harlots' bosom. Confession and absolution are taught, and Episcopal convents and nunneries are already established by ithe hundred, The mother and her 66 THE SHAKER. harlot daughters are vitalized by the same 'blood of Jesus,' and at their sacraments, eat his flesh—spiritual cannibalism. In war, monopoly and marriage, they are one. Punch expresses the English mind thus: PUNCH TO THE PRIESTLY PAUL PRYS. Bah ! 'Tis a loathsome task; a piece of work That Punch, as well as Redesdale, fain would shirk; But, lest the pestfshould suck fresh life from doubt, ' War to the knife ! ' the tocsin must ring out. Stand up, you priestly Prys! Sham Roman pranks, Mock-monkish tricks we look for from your ranks— Matters of course, as ills familiar borne, Or flagellated with half-careless scorn ; But when the gnats that pester, poison too, They must be crushed—and so, Jack-priests, must you. What poison worse than the foul cankerworm's, Dropped in the germ to blight the opening bud ? Nor casuistwrigglings, nor sophistic squirms, Henceforth- can clear you ; it should stir the blood Even of Gallios, whom your mummeries irk No more than puppet-posturings, to see The leaven of your impious piety In black and white once more at its foul work. Hearts in these fevered days are not too clean, Imaginations not too sweet. What then? You'd peep and pry into the souls of men, To scent uncleanness out with snouts unclean ; You'd poke and pry upon e'en childhood's tracks For the snake's trail. In maiden minds you'd wake Specters more easy raised than banished. Take Your nostrums hence ! Sham spiritual quacks Must not be trusted with our household's health. We dread your creep of super-subtle stealth, • Nor will we trust your fumbling hands to feel About the roots of life. Let spirit deal With spirit frankly in free day-light. Learn That still our English natures scorn and spurn This fleshly inquisition of the flesh, Whose pryings serve no end but to enmesh Confessor and confessed in sense's snare. So stand aside, let in the fresh Jun^air, With flowery breath to sweeten once again The place your presence taints. ' Tis all in vain You'd burrow, mole-wise, in the dirt. Give o'er! We will not have this bastard-birth of Rome— We'll guard from it the purity of home, Or crush it, like a viper, at the door! 'It is the old spirit of Henry the Eighth's time.' ' Hate the pope, the man of sin, and the priests, his ministers,' is the motto. Times are changed. The Protestant priesthood have had their day and have now come to the day of judgment. Protestantism, in England, will be displaced by the coming system, as it displaced popery. Church and state will there be separated, as now in America. And, unless there is a better watch kept, church and state will here be united. Either Protestant, or Catholic will gain the ascendency. To liberty', it matters not which. Confession, of both sexes, to a male priesthood, is a source of corruption, not purification. Such confession, and the sale of indulgences to sin, armed Luther. ' Priests with snouts unclean,' reproving sin, is like Brooklyn churches reproving filthy communications that have corrupted the good manners of the rising generations. Honest John Bull hates shams. Can a solvent bank be bankrupted by counterfeits, unless itself is deceived by them? Never! A true confession is good for the soul. Gold is not injured, even in the crucible. When Spanish Catholics went to Mexico, they found a grand system, 'with its judiciary, military and priestlood, rivaling any western civilization. The priesthood was dead—male and emale. Confession, as with the Shakers, was made in order. Each sex to ts own priesthood. Nothing but good came of it. If a sin was repeated after confession, :here was no expiation, no more forgiveness. The following is a Mexican jrayer, over a penitent: 'O merciful God, thou who knowest the secrets of all hearts, let thy forgiveness and favor low, like the pure waters of heaven, to wash away the stain of this soul. Thou cnowest that this poor man has not sinned of his own free will, but from the influence of the sign of the zodiac mcler which he was born.' In Mexico, the land was held by government, on )ehalf of all the people. Each district supported its own inhabitants. No Door-houses. They had hospitals, but the doctors did not protract cures to increase their revenues. Slavery existed, )ut none were born slaves. Monasteries and nunneries were found in their great temples. Temples existed by the mndred, in and around cities. Stairs wound round the pyramid like structures, at each story. On the top was the great stone of sacrifice, whereon luman beings were sacrificed, just as, under the Jewish priesthood, animals were killed on the altars, for the same purpose—food. The Jew may eat no rlesh meat, except killed by the priest. He is allowed to kill only five sorts of animals, oxen, sheep, goats, pigeons, doves. Abram came near to the Mexicans when he purposed to sacrifice his own son Isaac. It was in his heart to do it. 'The hand of Jacob held fast the heel of Esau.' The Mexicans sacrificed from 20,000 to 100,000 yearly. The victims consisted of two classes, prisoners of war and criminals. Occasionally, a notable victim, like Isaac, was called for. The victims were generally well treated, even pampered and feted, by the aristocracy. The Spanish priesthood sacrificed as many human beings—men, women and children, in their infernal inquisitions, as the Mexicans offered in sacrifice. And they, as heretics, were tortured to death, then sent into endless hell-fire. Whether the Spanish auto de fe, or the Mexican procession, winding up, up, round and round, to the stone of sacrifice, was the most debasing to the people, I leave for others to decide. The Mexican was awfully grand and terrifically impressive, being plainly seen at a great distance. The Spanish was infernally suggestive of an eternal state of devilish torment. May both be supplanted by a better system. Is not the Protestant atoning sacrifice of Jesus, his blood to be drank and bathed in as a fountain, the eating of his flesh, as in the Catholic and Greek churches, in sacrament, a relic of a former state of Mexican cannibalism? Do not all these bloody systems begin with the habit of killing and eating all sorts of animals? If marriage is legalized licentiousness, private property, as now in operation, legalized robbery, war, legalized nurder, modern cookery, a means of wandering to an abnormal, unregulated appetite, that calls for legalized druggery, what had we better do about them ? Call the death roll, close up our ranks, and read in the August number of The Shaker, under '¦'•Signs of the Times,' the argument of a writer in the Boston Traveller, upon 'Fruit Culture and Human Progress.'