SOCIETY RECORD Societies east of the central bishopric... Societies east of the central bishopric have endured some heavy changes : At Enfield, N. H., Elder Orville Dyer, retires full of honors; and Elder A. Perkins retires from the ministry to assume the eldership of the Church Order. Elder Jas. S. Kaime, ascends gracefully from Canterbury's novitiate.;,order to preside over the bishopric. Benjamin H. Smith, whilom trustee, again assumes the eldership of Canterbury's junior order, and will christianly wait on any, anxious to leave the world, and wishing for a privilege to confess their sins. Present trustees of Canterbury, N. A. Briggs, Joseph Woods; Elder John Cloutman of Harvard, Ayer, Mass., may be addressed by inquirers and correspondents. The law of impenetrability does not work well at Harvard, for El. John is under necessity of being in two places at the same time ! At Shirley, Shirley Village, Mass., Isaac Bailey assumes the novitiate eldership, relieving Daniel Eraser, who returns to Mt. Lebanon. Hiram Baker, Enfield, N. H., assumes temporal charge of Second Family in that place. ^gP*1 We would call particular attention to the change in P. O. address of our people in Enfield, Conn. Many delays result in consequence of misdirection. It is: 'Shaker Station, Hartford Co., Conn.' Bro. H. Chase Allard We were sorry to learn of the demise of Bro. H. Chase Allard , aged 71, at Enfield, N. H., on the 2d July. He was highly prized by the people there. He was one who knew what the severity of extreme trials was, and lived and died an honor to his people, and an example to all Christians. The most beautiful of proceedings were enacted at his funeral, which want of space forbids chronicling. We are also pained to observe... We are also pained to observe, an apparent infection, lately beginning at Shakers, N. Y., and extending east through several societies, and into Maine, by which at least four or five THE SHAKER. 71 of the sisterhood, advanced in years, within , the space of a month, fell, and either broke 1 their thighs, or seriously injured the os femur. \ Such contagions are among the unaccounta- , bles. We hear, one of these sisters has died, j At Shakers, N. Y., we lately had a short , visit from Islay Walden, one of the two colored students studying in New Brunswick, N. J., for the ministry of the Reform Church. We learn from Rev. Dr. DeBaun, that these are the first colored persons their persuasion has educated for the pulpit. The pear trees at this place, during July, were almost irreparably struck with blight, and while loaded with fruit. The central ministry arrived at Shakers, N. Y., on August 2, to remain two or three weeks, before returning to Mt. Lebanon.