OUR SANITARIUM For dysentary For dysentery.—Take leaves and root of blackberry plant. Boil to a deep color. One gill before each meal time, and on going to bed. Cancer Cancer.—Use tea made of red clover tops. Boil until strong. Use, as drink, a quart a day; and use the same kind of tea, made stronger, for a wash, twice a dav. Consumption Consumption.—Let even the despairing, use strong mullein tea, freely, sweetened with bro-wn sugar. In a week they will feel better; in a few months, they maybe ivell. For burns and scalds For burns and scalds.—Apply common baking soda immediately. It will immediately cause a cessation of pain. After a few hours or a day, wet the bandage. On removing the soda, keep the wound moist with simply a wet cloth. To remove berry stains To remove berry stains.—-From the hands or clothes, let the stained parts be moistened, and then treated to the fumes of sulphur. If the stains have been set by alkalies, apply a little vinegar before applying the lumes. Tan can be removed by the same process, if vinegar or sour milk have first been applied. To destroy currant worms To DESTROY CURRANT WORMS.—Apply one ounce of copperas to a gallon of water; and after dissolving apply with a wisp brush to the leaves, after the dew is gone. Freckles and sunburns Freckles and sunburns.—i. Bruise and then squeeze the juice out of the common chickweed, and to this juice add three times its quantity of soft water. Bathe the skin with this for five or ten minutes, and wash afterwards with clean water night and morning. 2. Elder-flowers treated and applied exactly in the same manner. When the flowers are not to be had, the distilled water from them (which may be procured from any druggist) will answer the purpose. 3. Honey, one ounce, mixed with one pint of lukewarm water; when cold, it forms a good lotion. This is commonly called honey wash. Weak eyes Weak eyes.—A very simple remedy for weak or sore eyes is recommended,as follows : Get a five-cent cake of elder-flowers at the druggist's, and steep in one gill of soft water —it must be steeped in bright tin or earthenware; strain nicely, and then add three drops of laudanum; bottle it tight and keep in a cool place; then use it as a wash, letting some of it get in the eyes. Follow this, and -elief is certain. If the eyes are painful or much sore, make small soft compresses, wet in the mixture, and bind over the eyes at night. I can warrant the above as harmless and sure, having tried it in a number of cases where other skill and remedies had utterly failed. If the eyes are badly inflamed use it freely; and a tea made of elder-flowers, and drank, would help cleanse the blood. Pure rock salt and water will strengthen your weak eyes if you bathe them daily in it. I would earnestly advise you to avoid mixtures or washes containing mineral or other poisons. Styptic for bleeding wounds Styptic for bleeding wounds.—If puff balls are not convenient, apply dry flour of any kind bound on with bandage. In absence of baking soda, (carbonate), flour is excellent for burns or scalds. A medical restaurant has lately been established... A medical restaurant has been lately established in London on the principle that diseases can generally be cured by a special system of diet, and that they are caused chiefly by improper food. On the entrance of a visitor a physician asks him regarding his ailments. His meal is then prescribed, and he is allowed to eat no more than is presented to him. Every war involves a greater or less relapse... Every war involves a greater or less relapse into barbarism. War, indeed, in its details, is the essence of inhumanity. It dehumanizes. It may save the state, but it destroys the citizen.