Substitution There can be but little doubt that all bad habits arise from a want of religious zeal. All useful employment serves as an incentive to the denial of the useless, and worse than useless ; but a practical, religious zeal, is the farthest removed from what are called bad habits, and its cultivation and continuance are ardently to be desired. Merely periodical fits of being converted will not do—we are almost inclined to say they are worse than useless—for when the zeal has departed, the ardor of the soul for the better course of life is permitted to cool, the substitution of the useless in life displaces what is right, and then the worse than useless, the wicked follows, almost or quite invariably. If a fashionable belle of Saratoga or Long Branch should feel the quickening of conviction, and conversion to Christ, what would become of the silks, rings, diamonds ? Where is the man that would think of meeting Jesus Christ, while smoking a cigar or meerschaum ? Yet having doffed these in all ardor for the cause, how easily they are leavened back, when the zeal for Christ is permitted to cool. It is not wise to permit discouragements, want of appreciation, nor even a good many defeats, or cripple our endeavors in our own or others' behalf, through retirement from the good race, and into the substitution of disfiguring habits, which we so well know are self-pleasing, but not God-serving ! It is safe for us to say, that all habits of intemperance in eating, drinking, dressing, etc., all engagements of the merely sensual of humanity, however respectable; all ease, idleness and amusements, not positively demanded for recreation and recuperation, are wrong in the sight and feelings of any thoroughly awakened to the necessities of the Lord's work, and of their being the Lord's helpers ! May none ever know what it is to feel crushed, nor experience sufficient unchristian uncharity to feel discouraged from making further attempts at their own elevation of souls, and for the assistance of others. It is a terrible condition ; and awakens in the mind the barter of spiritual riches for merely earthly, temporary indulgencies, by the substitution of indifference for earnestness ; diffidence for confidence, corrupting atmospheres for divine afflata, and the corroding pleasures of self and selfhood for the present and eternal blissfulness of self-denial. Let the weak and weakening arouse ! All for Christ, and no substitutes! To backslide, is sure death finally ; and to go forward, is life eternal, ever present. Have you bad or useless habits ? Go to work with yourself, for Christ; and stick to Christ through thick and thin discouragements, determinate for the crown of the overcomer ; and then see how, one by one, or many by many, the substitutes for religious zeal will be abandoned, and a progress made in the path of virtue and of Christ's life, to our greatest satisfaction. Discouraged one, you have the sympathy of the heavens if to you your cause seems just. Accept this sympathy, and 'grasp the hands oi the angels.' And though earth, and uncharitable earth-folk are indifferent, work the harder and be the more selfdetermined. The sun will rise brighter, and never set in a cloudy sky. Rise, brother, sister, shake off all hindrances —substitutes for religious zeal—anc work for Christ, in the lowly valley oi self-denial.