Was Jesus of Nazareth a Shaker? The question is a direct one, and upon its decision depends the validity of our claim to the Christian qualification for our church ; and the same of every denomination using the definitive christian. However ready or unready the world is, to consider Shakerism as being genuine Christianity, we are positively satisfied that unwarped Christianity is radical Shakerism. In these days of religious deterioration, when the substitution of man-made theologies for the direct demands of primitive Christianity is so prevalent, the reconsideration of what radical Christianity is, and who make its requisitions their right to its name, are subjects that are opportune and very proper. That Christianity is more full of salvation from sin and its consequences, and more pregnant with spiritual progressions from that which wTas, and may be good, to that which is far better, are reasons which comprise the acts of allegiance of every consistent Christian to it. Unless Christianity makes us better to-day ; more free from bad habits ; more ample in the features that represent the life in the heavens, than would Judaism or any other ism, let us relinquish it at once. Does popularly-called Christianity save the world from as many sins of the arch-enemy, selfishness, as did Judaism? We avow, it does not. Under the popular cognomen of Christianity, mankind have too generally forsaken Moses and Judaism, and at the same time have evaded the more restraining, saving, elevating and self-denying principles of Jesus, the Christ. Jesus invariably magnified the efficacy of the law before the people. It was good ; but he had something better. Its demands were earthly and moral ; his bequests were from the heavens, spiritual. To every regulation of Moses, he gave the sanction of propriety for all followers of Moses; and did he live to-day, would do the same. Thus, marriage was good for Jews and heathens, but not for Christians, his followers ; and he invariably demanded celibacy of his disciples, and would do so now, were he living on the earth. War was and is good for those not yet converted to Christianity ; but for converts, peace is better, and its practice positively required by the Christ. Private interests and selfsh relations were necessarily concomitants under the old law ; and the moral extent which it permitted them, finds no superior permission outside of radical Christianity. 'Six days shalt thou labor' for the interests o fMiNE ;'but on the seventh,thou shalt rest' from such selfishness, and wait on the needy. The same of every seventh month, year, years. The moral law was, and is, far superior in the curbing of selfishness, than the churchal rules of popular theologies wearing the misnomer Christian. Every seventh year debtors were forgiven; slaves made free; and that year the spontaneous productions of the lands belonged equally to the poor as well as to the rich. 'Seven times seven years ' and there was witnessed, not only all the preceding rebukes of selfishness, but the land itself was returned to its original owners. How much better all this than the very contracted limits of unselfishness, by what is called Christianity to-day. Truly, contrasted with the unselfishness of Judaism, the present Christianity of the popular churches is a shame and disgrace in all but the name. We wonder not that Jesus called the law good. Could he say the same of what is so commonly called Christianity to-day ? The law regulated the marriages of the people ; applied such Levitical restraints upon them as made abstinence from reproductive relations a privilege ; forbade unfruitful works; and that which was reproduced was an 'honor to father and to mother ! ' 'Eye for an eye; tooth for tooth; life for life ; ' was the established perm ission—a retaliation only equal to the injury done. And so we might enlarge upon the superior practices under the law , to the barbarous engagements in life, of those who have so misapplied the name of Christian I What regulates their sexual conduct towards each other, but the physical limits nature has fortunately placed there? And where, under these circumstances, are children found wrho are an honor to their parents, compared with those ' made under the law?' Wh en do so-called Christians divide up their entire wTorldly goods with the poor, or relinquish their claim to the very source of these? What regulates the retaliation of such horrid Christians in their wars? Do they practice any equality of retaliation when they can make the heavier, destructive annihilations? .Shame, shame, shame on such Christianity ! Let us turn to Jesus, the Christian. Instead of marriage, he introduced the brother and sister relations of the heavens; lived it; his immediate disciples did so. Marriage is good, earthy ; virg in celibacy w7as a superiority, and was distinctly featured in ' the Lord from heaven.' Instead of war, retaliation, etc., peace was better; and 'resist not evil;' ' love your enemies ;' do good to those who do evil tc you, evoke the improvements cl.iibtianity made on the good of Juui itiij ; and Jesus practiced them ; rebuked his disciples if they ever thought of disregarding them ; and the Shakers have adopted this as their rule. With the relinquishment of marriage for the superior, unselfish relations of Christianity, the cessation of earth-families began ; and Jesus and immediate disciples had neither husbands, wives, children, houses, lands, etc. Had they THE SHAKER. 69 them? they relinquished them. ' Lo,' ( said Peter, ' we have forsaken all these 1 to follow thee ! ' And Jesus knew no relations excepting ' those who did the will of his Father; the same is my mother, my sister and brother.' And : the Shakers, following after that model, primitive church, possess nought they call mine, just as did Jesus. Instead of dividing the results of selfish gains once in weeks, months, years, Jesus taught to divide with the brethren every day. Instead of periodically forgiving debtors, Jesus and company 'owed no man aught but love and good will'—contracted no other debts. Instead of freeing slaves, had none to free. Instead of taking formal, selfish possession of houses, lands, etc., only the preservation of the same for future brethren, was inculcated by Jesus. And we ask the general world, whether in these, and other of the general1 principles of Jesus, the Shakers have, or have not, been his copyists? If we, as Shakers, have followed Jesus, then are we not Christians? If the Shakers, inasmuch as they have followed Jesus, are Christians, then was not Jesus of Nazareth a Shaker ?