Epitomic History of the Watervliet Shakers, No. 5 D. A. BUCKINGHAM EDUCATION. Previous to the year 1818, very little attention had been paid to literature. There were no schools then established in the Society, and but little done in teaching the young 'idea how to shoot,' as far as book knowledge was concerned. What had been done in the line of instruction was performed, principally, in the separate families where the children resided, in what is now termed ' Private or Evening Schools.' But, during the year 1823, a brick school-house was erected, sufficiently large to accommodate twenty-five or thirty pupils, and a regular day school was established, in which the common branches of education were successfully taught, such as reading, writing, arithmetic, geography, grammar and spelling. From that time to the present, our schoo' has been gradually advancing. The school commissioners of our town and county, who have often inspected it, give it their approval, and call it a wellorganized and a well-disciplined school. In addition to the above-mentioned tranches of literature, we have since ntroduced others, viz : history, astronomy, geometry, philosophy, physiology, drawing, algebra, and written composition. We have adopted the free-school system of instruction ; in which the district urnishes all the apparatus necessary— jooks, maps, charts, blackboards, &amp;c, and every child in the district, if able, s required to attend ; males in the winter and spring, and females in the summer and autumn. We have a district school library of over three hundred volumes of selected 3ooks, including science, literature, history, biography, agriculture, horticulture, chemistry, botany, philosophy, Dhysiology, morality, &amp;c, &amp;c, in which is included sixteen volumes of the 'New American Cyclopedia,' a little world of information within itself. This library las been in operation from the year 1846, to which additions have been annually made. In order to establish a uniform method of instruction, in which the different societies of Believers might all participate, Seth Y. Wells, of Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., a well-educated, scientific man and brother, was duly authorized by the leaders of our institution, to make a tour throughout the eastern societies of our people, for the purpose of encouraging, regulating and establishing more permanently, the schools in that vicinity. It was about this time that the Lancasterian mode of instruction was in vogue, and he being in favor, and rather an advocate for that system, adopted it wherever he taught. He Certainly did much in promoting the intellectual culture of the young in those parts, even as he had done previously in the societies at Mt. Lebanon and Watervliet. It has ever been, as it still is, the design of our institution, to train up the children which we have taken and adopted, ' in the way they should go,' endeavoring to infuse into their young and tender minds the genuine principles of truth and honesty. Children taken among us on trial, if they wish to remain with us, although they have had no previous chance for education, we endeavor to give them a fair opportunity, with others, as we sympathize-with them greatly. Yet we find, where they have had no previous training, it is the more difficult to raise them to an honorable standing by which they can accomplish the business and common duties of life. Some children, on presenting themselves, or when being presented by their parents and guardians, are hardly familiar with the letters of the alphabet, who have arrived to the age of ten or twelve years. This should not have been so in any district of our great state and country. The poor should be cared for ; and if the parents of such children are too poor to educate THE SHAKER. 67 them, some other means should be provided by the district, town or county where they belong. The rich should help the poor. In taking children among us, if we are pleased with them and they with us, by the consent of their parents or guardians, we adopt them as our own ; and after having been adopted, we feel that they are ours, and take special interest in their welfare and protection ; as much so as though we were their natural parents, and were the immediate cause of their coming into the world. Their sorrows become our sorrow, and their joys our joy. We love them, sympathize with them, and are pleased with their innocence and simplicity. But on the other hand, we are often grieved to see the vulgar traits—the base conduct and conversation—of some children offered us, who have become acquainted with all the vile trickery afloat in the world. Yet, even in this, we cast a cloak of charity over them, and so sympathize with them that we would gladly raise them out of it, considering that their parents, guardians or associates are quite as much to blame as themselves, in very many cases. The example set them by those that are older, is, many times, very demoralizing, and upon this class must rest much of the accountabilityIf parents and guardians of children, after placing them among the Shakers would be satisfied to let them alone, 01 remain with the people unmolested, i would be very much to the benefit o: the children, as well as to the comfor of the people where such children are placed. By frequent visits, with some few trifling presents, of little or no value parents often keep their children in an unsettled state of mind, discontentec and unhappy, not being able to feel tha they have really an abiding home any where. Children under such circum stances, are not able to make their own choice as to the life they would prefer or be pleased to live—whether to be a Shaker or not—for they have not beei left by their former friends and acquaint ances long enough to feel and appreci ate the kind affections extended toward them by their generous Shaker friends Children among us, when arrived a maturity, by our Church Covenant have a right to choose for themselve what course they will take ; and if the} do not wish to abide with us, and be come one of us, they are at liberty t leave. But we do not obligate our selves to bring up or retain childre among us who are obstinate and rebel ious, unwilling to yield to good mora discipline and religious instruction Neither do we take children to educat or bring up for outside society merely with the understanding that we hav no claim upon them whatever, whe their relatives or acquaintances ma please to demand them. As befor stated, we take and adopt children fo the purpose of making Shakers of them if possible. And if any are not willin their children should become^ Shakei n mature years, they had better not jring them, nor seek to find a location :or them, as children, in our Society.