My dear children: It seems a very long time... My dear children : It seems a very long time since I had the pleasure of talking to you; and it is nearly ;wo months. Now, let us converse upon the acuity of observation. It will be interestng to you, I'm sure; and perhaps some of its simple ideas will surprise you. Nearly all that we know, has been learned by observation ; aye, and ail we may learn hereafter. 3e careful to observe small things; good grammar in small words; useful knowledge n common every-day occurrences. There are very many who profess to be very learned, who could not tell me how many spokes there are in a wagon wheel! Can you? And how many more is it usual to find in the larger wheels than in the smaller, or front wheels ? You have seen your friends pour hot tea into their saucers ; why is this? To cool ? Well, that is right; but -why does it cool better so? fust so should we observe the proper uses of small and abbreviated words. Never say 'them is,' nor ' there a'int,' 'you a'int,' ' they a'int,' nor ask permission ' to go out and get them things '¦—whatever they may 3e. Yet how common to hear of these mistakes. Observe now: the homely Avord ' a'int' is the short of 'am not,' and while admissible to say 'I a'int,' it is very wrong to say 'he a'int;' for how would 'he am not ' sound to you ? Let us think to say ' we aren't,' if we wish to, but do not say 'we a'int,' for one means ' are not,' and the other 'am not.' You majr say 'you aren't,' ' they aren't.' By a little observation now, concerning the proper uses of is, are and am, you will beautify your style of language much. I would like to talk with you upon the adjectives and adverbs, which seem so hard to be understood; and I will sometime. But let us look at some things observation has done: All improvements in the sciences have been observed out. All preventives and cures came from the same source. Some have used this faculty to introduce valuable studies ; like phrenology, physiology, botany, geology, etc. Dr. Gall was led to perfect his system of phrenology by first observing a marked j prominence between the eyes of a boj' who invariably excelled him in spelling! Franklin observed the identity of lightning and electricity, by means of a kite; and Morse observed its ability to learn languages, by simpler means. Paley observed that the glow-worm is the female of the species, and that the male is ayfy; and that her light was a necessity to keep him from getting lost! Just think of what has resulted from Newton's thoughts upon observing an apple fall! and the wonderful fruits of Kepler's observations, of which your friends will tell you, and which caused Prof. Mitchell to say, 'Thus the dawn of modern science broke in beauty o'er the earth!' Never vise the expression 'he don't' for 'he doesn't;' yet this is a very common mistake. When not abbreviated, we would laugh at ' he do not'! We may say 'they don't,' 'I don't,' 'we dont;' but we should say ' he doesn't,' which means, he does not. Observe for yourselves, children, and while you observe, think. We are all too willing to let some one else do our observing for us, and our thinking too. We could be situated so that we would believe this. If we were able to make but one sound, and were the songsters of the groves restricted thus with us; did all the flowers and clouds wear one appearance ; all the vegetables and fruits taste alike; had we not variety in nearly everything, even of the same species, then, ah, then we would think how blissful are our observations ! But these varieties are so much a matter of expectancy, and so common, that we, having grand powers of observation, do not use them as we should. But how we should miss the thousands of beautiful observations, were we suddenly transferred to the desert of Sahara ! There we would find a waste of drifting sand; enlivened by no stream's gentle murmur; cheered by no smiling verdure; refreshed by no cooling breezes ; inspired by no gladdening showers, nor thrilled by the music of the happy birds ! No trees, no flowers, no dew, no rain, no zephyrs, prairies nor hills ! Now, we have all of these, let us observe them gratefully; for even these need not yield to us the pleasures they now do,|in order to fulfill their various uses. It is good to read what others think and write ; but this is only the reprint of others' ideas—a picture of a picture. There is a pleasure in observing and thinking for ourselves, that cannot be derived by relying upon others, which, my children, we are all, too frequently, too content to do.