GREEN MANURING That green manures will improve our land and increase our crops is an established fact which few will attempt to controvert. Experience and observation have proved it, but why green manuring benefits soils and crops is not so generally known. There are very few even of those who habitually sow, raise and plow under some vegetable crop while it is yet green with a view to enrich the land and improve future crops, who know how the process increases fertility, and what are the nature and properties of the fertilizing elements added by the process. Agricultural chemistry has fully explained the mystery, and shown how and why certain plants or grasses, plowed into the soil in a green state are beneficial as a manure. It has shown that these fertilizing elements are 1, silica; 2, alumina; 3, lime; 4, magnesia; 5, oxide of iron; 6, oxide of magnesia; 7, potash; 8, soda; 9, oxygen; 10, hydrogen; 11, nitrogen ; 12, carbonic acid ; 13, phosphoric acid; 14, sulphuric acid; 15, chlorine. When we know how much of these fertilizing elements, and in what porportions, a particular green crop contains, and have ascertained what elements we desire to restore to the soil for the benefit of a future crop, and in what the soil is deficient, the process of supply is as easy as it is for a tailor to purchase the exact quality and quantity of cloth needed, and then make a coat. It would be hard to say which are the best crops for green manuring unless we knew exactly what the farmer desired to raise on the land manured. Red clover is a number one manure ; cow peas are good, and the same may be said of either rye or oats. Each of these contains the fertilizing elements enumerated above, though in different porportions. According to Prof. Way, red clover submitted to analysis foots up as follows : Silica 0.50 Lime 22.62 Magnesia 4.08 Oxide of Iron 0.26 Potash 36.45 Soda 00.00 Chloride of Potassium 2.39 Chloride of Sodium 1.53 Carbonic Acid 23-47 Phosphoric Acid 6.71 Sulphuric Acid 1.35 This clearly demonstrates why red clover ¦ plowed under, is so valuable as a manure. The other crops named are not quite so rich . as clover, but are all very good. Some of the advantages to be expected from green manuring may be summed up to numbers, thus : : First. The manure crop gives back all the , mineral and alkaline elements which its 1 growth had drawn from the soil by absorption through its roots. Second. It gives back to the soil those ' fertilizing gases which its growth had drawn : from the atmosphere, thus, by one process, restoring' to the soil more fertilizing matter t than the crop plowed under had taken from ; it, and if the process be repeated frequently, ' increasing the fertility of the soil to an almost ineefinite extent. Third. It decays and ferments rapidly and produces an immediately beneficial effect on 1 the succeeding' crop. Fourth. It loosens and mellows the soil, - making it porous and accessible to heat, air ; and light. j Fifth. It elevates the temperature of the t soil by the fermentation of a large amount of ) vegetable matter. 1 Sixth. It enriches the soil further by shad; ing the ground by its thick and dense growth, 5 preventing the evaporation of the moisture 2 of the soil, and holding the fertilizing gases . of the atmosphere which decompose the veg- etable matter in and upon the soil. Seventh. Green manuring is the cheapest possible mode of manuring, and it is practicable upon the poorest land.—Journal of Progress.