BOOK TABLE We have received from the publishers, Otis Clapp &amp; Son, 3 Beacon street, Boston, a strange little volume upon short-hand, entitled ' Tachygraphy.' The elements of this system of writing are so extremely simple, that a child of ten years would learn them in a few days. Every movement of the pen indites a letter, thus shortening common chirography many fold. We have become so addicted to Pitman's Phonography, that it will take us longer to adopt this unique system, than others who never studied shorthand. If we are as successful in learning Tachygra-phy as we hope for, it may yet save us years of labor. We would encourage young people to study Tachygra-phy, instead of ' killing time,' by so many ways that there are of doing it unprofitably and foolishly. Besides, the more who learn it, the greater its usefulness. 'Touch me Gently, Father Time :' A beautiful and appropriate song, for those on the down-hill side of life. The music is very pretty, and is by the author of ' He holds the fort in heaven.' Price 40 cents. Order of F. W. Helmick, 50 W. Fourth St., Cincinnati, O. Clarke's Outline of the Structure of the Pipe Organ. To organists, church committees, and musical students, the above beautifully-printed work, replete with engravings, will be invaluable. It is the work of one of the best-known and most-talented artists our country has produced, and an organ builder of a reputation second to none in the world. We speak for the excellent book a large sale. There is also manufactured by William H. Clarke &amp; Co., Indianapolis, Ind., a chromatic tube, or pitch pipe,—:one of the simplest, yet most convenient and useful accompaniaments of the singer and teacher ever constructed.—Ourself, and several leading members of other societies of Shakers, canvassed the entire city of New York to find such an article, and failed. It is about eighteen inches long; in form like a monster whistle; and its price undoubtedly comes within the compass of even the poor. Send a stamp, as above, for information.