CORRESPONDENCE WATER BAPTISM.—IS DANCING AS WORSHIP AUTHORIZED BY THE SCRIPTURES?—MARRIAGE.—WAS ANN LEE A DIVINE TEACHER? H-, Ind., Aug. 1st, 1877. George B. Amery : Kind Friend:—I promised to write to you, and even if I had not, still I should have written, not only be; wanted a little more information, but because I again must thank yon for your kindness. When I left your happy home my feelings were akin to those of the poor traveler who has left the green oasis far behind, and who wearily takes his way. He remembers, parched with thirst as he is, the running streams of that green place; and while the sun beats dOAvn upon him, he thinks of the shade of the palm trees left far behind. You remember, doubtless, how the people of Israel, after toilsome inarches, came to Elam where grew ' two and thirty ' palms; just so, my friend, ! came to your home. I was weary, and I rested. Friend George, I do not suppose that you have been a wanderer such as I, and of course you cannot know what heavy loads of grief oppress my laboring heart. I am one who has been a wanderer all ray life, and while I have met many who pretended friendship, still I have found hardly one whose words were proved to be true by their actions. I have been looking with a hungry heart for true friends, and I fear I shall look a long time among the people of the world. I would not have you set me down as a dealer in 'mawkish sentiments; ' I am not. I do not believe in lovejis most people do. Love, I hold to be lov ihould have not one graiu of self in it. If I loved a woman, and I knew or thought that she would be happier as the wife of another man, I should endeavor to secure that happiness for her. This is what the world 'iils insanity, but what I with my smaller views call love in the first degree. Now T am going to ask you several questions, and I hope you will answer them. Most men are touchy on their doctrines, but I know you are not, so here goes. 1. How do you get rid of water baptism, when Christ in his conversation with Nicodemus said, 'you must be born of water and of the Spirit?' 2. Did Christ or God, or any one regarded as a readier. rncing as an act'of worship'? 3. Since God said it was not good for man to be alone (meaning of course that it was not good for a man to be without a wife), md si ce he commanded them to multiply and replenish the earth, is it not going directly againstthe revealed will of God not to marry? Now, friend George, I want clear answers, Biblical answers, if you please. And now, one more: How will you prove, how do you prove, that Mother Ann was gifted with the Spirit of Christ? If I can be satisfied that your people are living up to the law, there is iso people on earth that I would prefer over you to be one of. Your females are innocent as children; your men, men of honor. You are charitable, but are you in the right track? Accept my thanks again for your kindness. I hope you Mill not leave this unanswered. It is written in a hurry, without much thought. I pray you answer me, and the next time I write I will do better. Until then, believe me, I am Yours kindly, G. W. B—