EDITORIAL NOTES THEY WANTED SALVATION Any one who is ever roused to any ;t religious ecstasy, will be able to appren ciate the feelings of Bros. Andrews and }' Kulp, as expressed in their articles in '' this number. We have not added to ' this number of Tup: Shaker the next additional answer to the query : ' What 5, shall 1 do to be a Shaker?''' but there may be found, teeming through several '• of our contributors' articles, complete answers to the question. Whoever 1r_ will be a Christian, after the pattern of ¦y Jesus, finds an answer to the above &gt;e question in their own experience. When 11 other systems shall fail to give the Dower to live apart from sin—to expeience salvation in every-day life—then, f vou wrould find satisfaction to the oul, call on the Shakers, who not only Dreach salvation, but live in it! None eave the Shakers to find a greater sal-ation from sin than our church gives. RETRIBUTION The strikes and strikers are taking a lap. Let no one deceive himself by he thoughts that they are ended. They lever will end until a greater equality prevails among all classes. The entire armies of states and nation will prove powerless to disarm the millions of poor, crushed, over-worked, less than half-paid humanity. 'God moves in a mysterious wav;' and we see God's judgments visiting monopolists of the land in and through these strikes. 1 he inordinate wrealth, extravagance, laziness and tyranny of the few ; and the unearthly, squalid poverty of the multitudes, are things which ought not to be—cannot be in the economy of God. Christianity teaches greater equality than Judaism ; while millions of professed Christians do not practice half as much. We deprecate strikes, and would prevent them, teaching by precept and example an exceeding equality. Until we are willing to learn to practice equality—to ll love our neighbor as ourself,'—we must reasonably expect such eruptions. The alternatives are before us—either put away the causes of strikes, monopolies and monopolists ; giving the laborer the worth of his toil: or anticipate and experience riots, destruction of life and property—judgments of God on the rich robbers of humanity—with the very much worse yet to come. Let there be none inordinately rich, and there will be none inordinately poor; while all would be sufficiently wealthy to be very comfortable. It is useless to ridicule communism ; it is God's arrangement; and we had better accept it through merciful dealings with the poor, than be driven to it through the judgments of these pitiless, unmerciful strikes and strikers !