LAND LIMITATION FREDERICK W. EVANS When we begin to pile up in cities, as in Europe, we shnll begin to devour one another is they do in Europe.—Thomas Jefferson. Thomas Jefferson, one of the illustrious founders of this Republic, laid it down as a fundamental truth,that land could not beheld as property anymore than we can possess the stars of the firmament, or monopolize the air we breathe. We can hold land only in usufruct. The reason for his position is : land was not created by man—was not the result of his labor—that no individual could lay exclusive claim to any portion of it, and that all men, by virtue of their birth, have an inherent right to the use of it. In England we see to-day the evil results of the violaticn of this radical truth. 'When William of Normandy took possession of that country, he claimed sole ownership of the land by right of conquest. He divided the land among his generals and barons, who held it by feudal tenure. The common soldiers became tenants of the lords, and the original inhabitants were reduced to a state of virtual slavery. The church and ecclesiastic owners became large land-owners, many opulent persons upon their death-beds having bequeathed them their property as expiation for their sins. In process of time, the Catholic church held one fifth of the land in England. But, though the land was thus held by comparatively few persons, the poor were not in very bad condition. The land was let on easy terms. Any one who called at the castle of a lord, or at a religious house, was fed with bread and beer—at least all had enough to eat. There were no taverns in those days— hospitality was the rule. The clergy, not having children, used the proceeds of the property entrusted to .their care, to a lai'ge extent, for the benefit of the poor. The reformation gave the Protestant clergy possession of the property previously held by the Catholic church, and from that time common people were debarred the enjoyment of any benefit resulting therefrom. The ecclesiastical revenues were used for the aggrandizement of the upper classes of the English hierarchy. The income which the lords of the church derive to-day from property thus unjustly held from the people is simply enormous. Thousands if not hundreds of thousands are compelled to live under ground, as miners, a life of incessant toil, barely earning subsistence—degraded, down-trodden, abused, till life ceases to be desirable. I do not hold individuals responsible for those things. It is the inevitable result of a vicious system. The Great Napoleon, by confirming the acts of the Revolution, added three millions of | land-holders to the population. The result of that enlightened policy, France, notwith| standing tremendous drains upon her resources in consequence of unsuccessful, disastrous wars, is to-day the most prosperous nation of Europe. When we look at the events of last week— | strikes, riots, disturbances of the peace, reaching from the Atlantic to the Pacific, resulting I in bloodshed and devastation, do we compreihend the cause? Let me tell you, American ; citizens. There is wrong, national wrong, at the bottom. On one side we behold the [strikers demanding bread or blood, indulging in riot and tumult, destroying millions of property, violating law, resisting authority and endangering the peace of the country. On the other side we see capital, enormous monopolies, vast interests controlled byfew men bent upon extending their powers, ! enlarging their possessions, becoming richer at the expense of the common people. That ; such a state of things should exist in Ameri THE SHAKER 75 ca, among the first and most enlightened peo- c pie on the globe, is surprising as well as de- J plorable. When Charles Bradlaug-h was here a and heard the complaints of mechanics and la- i] borers, and beheld the dissatisfaction existing among the common people, he was out oi ali a patience. 'Why,' said he, 'you have every- c thing that we are fighting for. You have the * ballot, universal suffrage, elect your own officers, make your own laws. You have the x power in your own hands to remedy the evils : you complain of.' Are we to suppose that the strikers, who t acted so wildly and blindly for the past week r or two, don't know enough to choose honest ^ legislatures to make just and reasonable laws? Gen. Grant said, 'The best way to secure the e repeal of an obnoxious law is to enforce it,' ( meaning, of course,that the sovereign people t would elect such legislators as would frame r laws in accord with the wishes of their con- j stituents. The deplorable occurrences of last c week are the natural result of disregard of , radical truth. Unless people examine the cause of things and comprehend the relation ; in which they stand to them, they will have trouble and discord and the wild wave of anarchy will roll over them. Theodore Parker said, 'If you indorse radical truths they will drop out at your fingers'ends.' When we see men like Stewart, Astor or Vanderbiit becoming so uselessly rich, we will also see hundreds of thousands becoming uselessly poor. We will see strikes convulsing the . country from one end to the other, tramps filling our streets, and hear the dreaded cry oi . 'bread or blood,' the ominous cry that pre- . ceded the French Revolution. It has been , heard in England—is now heard for the first , time in our country. What will you do with a mass of men who cannot obtain work and , have no bread? Either you must get up a national war, enlist these men and set them to killing each other, or they will kill you. But I think there is a remedy for our present troubles. I mean Land Limitation. Let titles remain as at present. Deprive no one of his rights, but pass a law that after 1878 no one shall acquire more than a certain number of acres of land. And as the present owners of exorbitant tracts die, let the surplus revert to the Government, subject to public sale, or compel the heirs to sell to the legal limit. By this arrangement millions who now crowd the cities would flock to the country and become small land-owners, the equilibrium would be restored, a healthier tone would prevail in the land, and the cry for 'blood or bread' would be heard no more. Individuals are not responsible for the present unjust, abnormal state of things. The glorious Declaration of Independence affirmed that 'all men are born free and equal, endowed with certain inalienable rights.' The Constitutional Convention recognized slavery. This was a compromise between ships and swamps. Massachusetts had ships and wanted the carrying trade ; Carolina had swamps and must have slaves to work them. The sentiments of the Declaration were the advanced ideas of a few men. Every Fourth of July spread-eagle orators reiterated these ideas, until the people were educated up to the Emancipation Act, and amended the Constitution in favor of human liberty. By peaceful and persistent agitation, the public lands became free, the Homestead law passed and imprisonment for debt abolished. I throw out to you the idea of land limitation. I desire you to take hold of it, grasp it, reason, agitate, vote for it, until you incorporate it in your laws. Your wrongs will be righted— there will be bread for all. It will be a move in the right direction. But it should not be your only move. Truth should be yourj guide in every relation of life, social, political and religious. Theological errors have more to do with present complications than many are aware of. People should learn to pbey the truth—to receive truth in the love j of it no matter from what source it comes, 'esus was the most sensational preacher of f ill time. He produced a sensation whenever i ie spoke. He broke away from old estabished customs and systems, and pointed out \ higher and better way. And though his doctrine was revolutionary in the extreme, hie used no violent means to enforce it; on the contrary, He preached and enjoined peace. When rioters give way to violent passions, esist the law of the land and destroy millions of property, they pursue the wrong course to obtain redress for their grievances. To gain the sympathy and respect of the people they must learn peace—must show by their conduct that they are worthy of better conditions —that American citizens are not law-breakers. We must remember that it is written, 'There is no peace for the wicked.' This itrue of individuals and of nations. All wrongs must be righted until He comes whose right it is to reign, because He shall seek to reign only in righteousness. He that ruleth over man must be just, ruling in the fear of God.