Epitomic History of the Watervliet Shakers. No. 6 D. A. BUCKINGHAM TEMPERANCE. Some time previous to the excitement created by the lectures of Sylvester Graham and others concerning diet, or ' Temperance in eating and drinking' especially in the use of 'ardent spirits,' Believers, who had been in the habit of making more or less use of them, had been very much awakened on the same subject, and had fully come to the conclusion that it Was a useless habit, and unitedly resolved to abstain therefrom. Consequently, each and every family and society of Believers east and west, rejected, totally, the use of ardent (Shakers,) wholly and spirits, excepting as these might be used as medicine, under the direction and control of physicians who had the immediate care of the same. This system of strict temperance has been punctually carried out in the practical life of every genuine Shaker for nearly forty years. All wines, and stimulating drinks of every name and nature, were rejected ; even strong beer and cider, with tea and coffee, did not escape being brought under stringent rules favorable to temperance. On this general ground of abstinence from all kinds of ardent beverages, the Shakers have taken a prominent stand, setting an example worthy of imitation. The increasing interest and labors manifest in the world, respecting this very important subject, are highly commendable, and by us greatly appreciated. We bless the earnest feelings— the very many trials and exertions that have been, and still are being made by temperance men and women, who seem greatly engaged, using their utynost influence to bring about a change—a radical change in the world, concerning this matter. They are most worthy acts of true benevolence. Temperance meetings — individual pledges—public lectures, and the many resolutions adopted in behalf of Reform throughout the world, have done, and still are doing much good, especially among that class where poverty and want have made their inroads, and dissipation and intemperance stamped their ruin. We say, Lord speed the time when excesses of all kinds shall ceasecause they are not in immediate fellowship with the world in all things, let us examine the matter a little, and in addition to, as well as in connection with what we have already stated in past numbers of The Shaker, respecting our institution, take the following: It is not so much in the external or physical development of our being that we claim to be the most zealously engaged—as the soul is much more important to us than the body—yet we have done something for this even, and are daily doing what we are able for the further advancement of both soul and body in the right direction, as we think. The Shakers have made one great sacrifice, which the world of mankind in general have hardly attempted, further than to advocate the idea, giving it a favorable recommendation. It is the total rejection of swine's flesh. Believers—Shakersuse for nearly -have abstained from its thirty years ! and many when all wrongs shall be righted—and slaves thereunto? truth and honesty bear universal sway. But as some are inclined to think that individuals among us for a much longer time. We consider ourselves far better without it than formerly with it. The salutary effects are visible. No kinds of animal food are so profusely eaten by us now as formerly ; and the vegetable and fruit kingdoms supply its place. We think we are less subject to fevers and consumptive diseases; and therefore feel amply rewarded for the seeming great sacrifice. About forty years ago, smoking and chewing tobacco were very much practiced among the members of our community, especially by the aged. But light from the heavens illuminated the minds and reached the understandings of many of us, to that degree, that being convinced of their deleterious effects on the human system, they were almost unanimously rejected. Some persons among us who had been in the habit of using tobacco for ten, twenty, and even fifty or more years, resolutely set their faces against it evermore. And although there are some few who still indulge in the foul habit, yet it is hoped the day is not far distant wThen it will be wholly discarded and driven from our midst. Many that use' it, condemn it, and declare it to be a useless and a very nasty practice, or habit; and yet they have not the manhood nor selfcontrol requisite to its full renunciation. But such persons often talk largely about reform and universal progression in other things, and sometimes even in this ! But let those who favor reform in any point whatever, manifest it by example, and it wrill assuredly have a better effect—being more graciously receivedPhysicians and others, who have written upon the subject of tobacco and its use, call it a hurtful and poisonous weed—injurious to health and life— from the use of which its votaries can derive little or no benefit. Then why so many continue to be, as it were, We have found, by experience, that the better and more ready way of breakthe Shakers are far behind the age, be-j ing loose from wrong or vile habits of THE SHAKER. any kind, is to summon them before us —look them fairly and fully in the face —examine and cross-examine, and then resolve and re-resolve we will no longer be slaves to our 'baser passions' or depraved appetites, but that we will conquer, whatever be the cost. Now let all who are in favor of reform in society, and wish to make men and women better, consider that an example of temperance in all things is the best and loudest preaching in the world, and that physical and moral rectitude are the very step-stones to a religious life in Christ. 'Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your Father in heaven.' Note.—I would here briefly remark that, in the August number of The Shaker, Vol. VII., page 59, inan article on 'Agricultural, and other Improvements,' in speaking of the 'Improved Shaker Washing Machine,' it was there stated as being an invention of the Society at Shaker Village, N. H., which is a mistake. It originated in the Society at Mount Lebanon, N. Y., and was used by them many years previous to its being patented. The Society at Shaker Village, after having made considerable improvements upon the original, in agreement with the originators thereof, got it patented with their improvements. As I have only given in part the inventions of other Societies, I hope by what I have stated on the subject of inventions, to call forth in The Shaker a true statement from each Society for themselves.