SHAKER CHURCH COVENANT. IN TWO NUMBERS. NUMBER ONE PREAMBLE. We, the Brethren and Sisters of the United Society of Believers (called Shakers), residing in the county of--------, and state of --------, being connected together as a religious and social community, distinguished by the name and title of the Church of the United Society, in the town of--------, which for many years has been established and in successful operation, under the charge of the Ministry and Eldership thereof, and, feeling the importance not only of renewing and confirming our spiritual covenant with God and each other, but also of renewing and improving our social compact, and amending the written form thereof, do make, ordain, and declare the following articles of agreement as a summary of the principles, rules and regulations established in the Church of the said United Society, which are to be kept and maintained by us, both in our collective and individual capacities, as a covenantor constitution, which shall stand as a lawful testimony of our religious and social compact, before all men, and in all cases of question and lawrelating to the possession and improvement of our united and consecrated interest, property, and estate : .ARTICLE I. Of the Gospel Ministry. Section i. Their origin, call and institution : We solemnly declare to each other and to all whom it may concern, that we have received, and do hereby acknowledge as the foundation of our faith, order and government, the testimony or Gospel of Christ, in his first ^nd second appearing, and we do hereby solemnly agree to support and maintain the true primitive faith and Christain principles, the morals,rules and manners pertaining to the said Gospel, as ministered by the founders of this Society, and kept and conveyed through a regular order of ministration, down to the present day. And, although, as a religious society, we are variously associated, with respect to the local situations of our respective communities, yet we are known and distinguished as a peculiar people, and consider and acknowl' edge ourselves as members of one general : community, possessing one faith, and subject to one united, parental and ministerial ad| ministration, which has been regularly sup' ported from the first foundation pillars of the ; Institution, and which continues to operate for the support, protection and strength of ' t every part of said community. ;i Section 2. Their order and office; We further acknowledge and declare that a for the purpose of promoting and maintain- s ing union, order and harmony throughout n he various branches of this community, the c primary administration of parental authority b las been settled in the first established Ministry at Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., there to rest and s remain as the center of union to all who are a n Gospel relation and communion with the Society. The established order of this Minstry includes four persons; two of each sex. Section 3. Perpetuity of their office and low supplied : C We further acknowledge and declare that he said primary administration of parental t luthority has been and is perpetuated as fol- 1 ows : Namely, that the first in that office t and calling possesses the right given by the f sanction of divine authority, through the first f bunders of this Society, to prescribe or di- e ¦ect any regulation or appointment which '\ ;hey may judge most proper and necessary t respecting the Ministry or any other import- j: ant matter which may concern the welfare of c the Church, subsequent to their decease. I But in the case no such regulation or ap- s pointment be so prescribed or directed, then t the right to direct and authorize such regulation and appointment devolves upon the ( surviving members of the Ministry, in council with the Elders of the Church, or others, ( as the nature of the case in their judgment 1 may require. Such appointments being of- £ ficially communicated to all concerned, and t receiving the general approbation of the Church, are confirmed and supported in the Society. i This is agreeable to the example recorded i in the Scriptures, and continued by the found- s ers of this Society, and is the order and man- t ner which has been regularly practiced, ac- t knowledged, and maintained in the Commu- | nity from the beginning. 1 Section 4. Of the ministerial office in the 1 several societies or communities : t We further acknowledge and declare, cove- i nant and agree that the Ministerial office and authority in any Society or Community of 1 our faith, which has emanated, or which may emanate, in a regular line of order from 1 the center of union aforesaid, is, and shall be i acknowledged, owned and respected, as the spiritual and primary authority of such Soci- ; etv or Community, in all matters pertaining |: to the Ministerial office. And in case of the : decease or removal of any individual of said Ministry, in any such Society, his or her lot and place shall be filled by agreement of the surviving Ministers, in council with the Elders and others, as the nature of the case may require, together with the knowledge and approbation of the primary ministerial authority at Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., aforesaid, to which they are responsible. Section 5. Powers and duties of the Ministry : The Ministry being appointed and established as aforesaid are vested with the primary authority of the Church and its various branches. Hence, it becomes their special duty to guide and superintend the spiritual concerns of the Society as a body of people under their care and government, and in connection with the Elders in their respective families and departments, who shall act in union with them, to give and establish such orders, rules and regulations as may be found necessary for the government and protection of the Church and Society within the limits of their jurisdiction, and also to counsel, advise ¦ and judge in all matters of importance, I whether spiritual or temporal. The said t Ministry are also invested with authority in . connection with the Elders as aforesaid, to . nominate and appoint to office Ministers, 1 ; Elders, Deacons, and Trustees, and to assign i\offices of care and trust to such brethren and j f!sisters as they, the said Ministry and Elders,! I shall judge to be best qualified for the several offices to which they may be appointed; and we do hereby covenant and agree that such nominations and appointments being nade and officially communicated to those concerned, and receiving the general approoation of the Church, or of the families concerned, shall thenceforth be confirmed and supported, until altered or revoked by the authority aforesaid. ARTICLE II. Institution of the Church. Section i. The object and design of Church relation : We further acknowledge and declare that the great object, purpose and design of our uniting ourselves together as a church or body of people, in social and religious compact, is faithfully and honestly to occupy, improve and diffuse the various gifts and talents, both of a spiritual and temporal nature, with which Divine wisdom has blest us, for the service of God, for the honor of the Gospel, and for the mutual protection, support, comfort and happiness of each other as brethren and sisters in the Gospel, and for such other pious and charitable purposes as the Gospel may require. Section 2. Who are not admissible into Church relation : As the unity, stability and purity of the Church essentially depend on the character and qualifications of its members, and as it is a matter of importance that it should not be encumbered with persons who are under any involvement or incapacity, natural or moral: Theiefore, no member of any company or association in business or civil concern, no co-partner in trade, no person under any legal embarrassment or obligations of service, no minor, no slave nor bond servant, no insane person, no profane person, nor any person who lives in the willful violation of the known and acknowledged principles of moral conduct, shall be deemed qualified for admission into the covenant relation and communion of the Church. Section 3. Preparation for admission into Church relation : In order that believers may be prepared for entering into the sacred privilege of Church relation, it is of primary importance that sufficient opportunity and privilege should be afforded under the Ministry of the Gospel, I for them to acquire suitable instruction in the genuine principles of righteousness, honesty, justice and true holiness, and also that they should prove their faith and Christian morality by their practical obedience to the precepts of the Gospel according to their instructions. It is also indispensably necessa; ry for them to receive the one uniting spirit . of Christ, and to become so far of one heart and one mind, that they are willing to sacrifice all other relations for this sacred one. '. Another essential step, is to settle all just and equitable claims of creditors and filial ¦ heirs, so that whatever property they may ¦ possess, shall be justly their own. When ; this is done, and they feel themselves sufficiently prepared to make a deliberate and final choice, to devote themselves, with all ; they possess, wholly to the service of God, - without reserve, and it shall be deemed prop. er by the leading authority of the Church, after examination and due consideration, to 1 allow them to associate together in the ca5 pacity of a Church, or a branch thereof in I Gospel order, they may then consecrate ; themselves and all they possess to the service f of God forever, and confirm the same by ; signing and sealing a written covenant pred, icated upon the principles herein contained, i and fulfilling, on their part, all its obligaI1 tions. ) Section 4. Admission of new members: As the door must be kept open for the adi| mission of new members into the Church, i I when duly prepared, it is agreed that each , I and every person who shall at any time after -the date and execution of the Church Cove; j nant, in any branch of the Community, be 76 THE SHAKER. admitted into the Church as a member thereof, shall previously have a fair opportunity to obtain a full, clear and explicit understanding of the object and design of the Church Covenant, and of the obligations it enjoins upon the members. For this purpose, he or she shall, in the presence of two of the deacons or acting trustees of the Church, read, or hear the same distinctly read, so as to be able freely to acknowledge his or her full approbation and acceptance thereof, in all its parts. Then he, she or they (as the case may be), shall be at liberty to sign the same; and having signed and sealed it, and being subject to all the obligations required of the original signers shall thenceforth be entitled to all the benefits and privileges thereunto appertaining; and the signature or signatures thus added shall be certified by the said deacons or trustees, together with the date thereof. Section 5. Concerning youth and children : Youth and children, being minors, cannot be received as members of the Church possessing a concentrated interest in a united capacity, yet it is agreed that they may be received under the immediate care and government of the Church, at the desire or consent of such person or persons as have a lawful right to or control of such minors, together with their own desire or consent. But no minor under the care of the Church can be employed therein for wages of any kind. ARTICLE III. Of the Trusteeship. Section i. Appointment, qualifications and powers of Trustees : It has been found necessary for the establishment of order in the Society in its various branches, that superintending Deacons and Deaconesses should be appointed and authorized to act as Trustees or agents of the temporalities of the Church. They must be recommended by honesty and integrity, their fidelity in trust and their capacity for the transaction of business; of these qualifications the Ministry and Elders must be judges. The official Trustees of the Church are generally known among us by the title of Office Deacons, of which there must be tzvo or more; and being appointed by the authority aforesaid, they are invested with power to take the general charge and oversight of all the property, estate and interest, dedicated, devoted, consecrated and given up for the benefit of the Church ; to hold in trust the fee of all the lands belonging to the Church; also all gifts, grants and donations which have been, or may hereafter be dedicated, devoted, consecrated and given up as aforesaid; and the said property, estate, interest, gifts, grants and donations shall constitute the united and consecrated interest of the Cnurch, and shall be held in trust by the said Deacons, as acting Trustees, in their official capacity, and by their successors in said office and trust forever. Section 2. Duties of the Trustees : It is and shall be the duty of the said Deacons or acting Trustees to improve, use and appropriate the said united interest for the benefit of the church in ail its departments ; and for such other religious and charitable purposes as the Gospel may require; and also to make all just and equitable defence in law for the protection and security of the consecrated and united interest, rights and privileges of the Church and Society, jointly and severally as an associated community, as far as circumstances and the nature of the case may require ; Provided, nevertheless, that all the transactions of the said Deacons oracting Trustees, in the use, management, protection, defense and disposal of the aforesaid interest, shall be for the benefit and -privilege and in behalf of the Church or Society as aforesaid ; and not for any private interest, object or fnrfose tvhatevcr. Section 3. Trustees to give information and be responsible to the Ministry and Elders : It shall also be the duty of the Trustees to give information to the Ministry and Elders of the church of the general state of the temporal concerns of the church and society committed to their charge; and also to report to the said authority all losses sustained in the united interest thereof, which shall come under their cognizance. And no- disposal of any real estate of the Church, nor any important contract shall be considered valid without the previous approbation of the authority aforesaid, to whom the said Deacons and Trustees are and shall, at all times., be held res$07isible in all their transactions. Section 4. Books of account and record to be kept: It shall also be the duty of the Deacons or acting Trustees to keep or cause to be kept, regular books of account, in which shall be entered the debt and credit accounts of all mercantile operations and business transactions between the Church and others; all receipts and expenditures, bonds, notes and bills of account, and all other matters that concern the united interest of the church ; and also a book or books of records, in which shall be recorded a true and correct copy of this Covenant; also all appointments, removals and changes in office of Ministries, Elders, Deacons and Trustees; all admissions, removals departure and decease of members, together with all other matters and transactions of a public nature which are necessary to be recorded for the benefit of the Church, and for the preservation and security of the documents, papers and written instruments pertaining to the united interest and concerns of the church, committed to their charge. And the said record shall be annually inspected by the leading authority of the church, who. together with the Trustees, shall be the official auditors of the same; and the signature of one or more of said auditors, with the date of inspection and approval shall be deemed sufficient authority for the correctness and validity of the facts and matters so recorded. Section 5. Trustees to execute a declaration of trust: For the better security of the united and consecrated interest of the Church to the proper uses and purposes stipulated in this covenant, it shall be the duty of the Trustee or Trustees, who may be vested with the lawful title or claim to the real estate of the Church, to make and execute a declaration of trust, in due form of law embracing all and singular the lands, tenements and hereditaments, with every matter of interest pertaining to the Church which at the time being' may be vested in him or them, or that may in future come under his or their charge of office, during his or their said Trusteeship. The said declaration shall state expressly that the said Trustee or Trustees hold all such lands, tenements or hereditaments, and all the personal property of every description belonging to the Church or Society, in trust for the uses and purposes expressed in and subject to the rules, conditions and regulations prescribed by the covenant and constitution of the said Church or Society, or any amendments thereto which shall hereafter be adopted by the general approbation of the Church, and in conformity with the primitive faith and acknowledged principles of the Society. And the said declaration shall be in writing, duljr executed under his or their hands and seal;:, and shall be recorded in the Book of Records provided for in the preceding section. # Section 6. Vacancies in certain cases; how supplied : We further covenant and agree that in case it should at any time happen, in the course of Divine Providence that the office of Trustees should become wholly vacant,'by the death or defection of all the Trustees in whom may be vested the fee of the lands or real estate belonging to said Church or Society, then, and in that case, one or more successors shall be appointed by the constitutional authority recognized in this Covenant, according to the rules and regulations prescribed by the same. And the said appointment, being duly recorded in the Book of Records, provided for in this article, shall be deemed, and is hereby declared to vest in such successor or successors all the rights, interest and authority of their predecessors, in respect to all such lands,property or estate belonging to the Church or Society as aforesaid.