OVER-BURDENED SHAKER SOCIETIES Many people make visits to our Shaker villages for the purposes of rest, change, recreation, or from curiosity. While we frequently encourage people to inquire into our principles, and ever are glad to extend hospitalities io the earnest, sincere seeker after truth ; we are not glad, nor able to entertain all who drive out, seeking their own recreation, or for the gratification of their friends' curiosity ; and we must not be expect- THE SHAKER. 79 ed to do so, only where there is a pre- tl vious and mutual understanding that tl we are to do so. There are parties, u to whom we feel ourselves tinder con- if stant and lasting obligations—toward d whom., propriety and justice demand \\ of us the best we can do for them—but tl none should feel any demand upon us, because of a slight or even intimate acquaintance, for an escort over our domains ; for meals and refreshments; ' when he or they choose to take a day's e airing or ride. We cannot do it. Why? ' We have a large property to look after s and keep in repair ; and while much of this occupies our whole time, it does o not return to us any monetary remuneration. It is also well known that we t; keep no house servants ; that our sisterhood is severely taxed with many house- f; hold duties ; while those serving in the f culinary departments of our office build- t ings are not only taxed to care for those a calling on legitimate business, but are unreasonably expected to cook, and otherwise care for a small army of hire- t lings ! and when we say unreasonably, a we mean that a due respect for the sis- v terhood of our faith would forbid any I such use of gospel sisters ! There are ^ too many who deem it a nice affair 'to drive out to the Shakers and take din- r ner ;' who are very inconsiderate of the e tax they bring to bear on those already over-burdened. ! Those wishing to visit us for pleasure or rest, will find that we shall make , but few objections, provided these visits imply something besides being enter- l tainedwith meals, etc. I We often utter the prayer of the af- ! flicted : li Deliver us from our friends ! ' particularly from those friends who deem a visit very incomplete without ] so much additional burden to us. While ; we would be respectful and kind to all, . we want none to feel slighted when • i business or circumstances prevent our inviting them to dine. Such a constant run of company do some families in , some Societies have, desirous of full i and free entertainment, that tired and jaded as the over-worked sisters are, this company becomes very tmwelcome ; and while duty requires that we return gratitude for similar or superior favors, we hope the present, grand majority will take our hint, be more considerate, and abstain from being bores upon us. Once more : We are not inmates of public institutions—our Shaker villages being our own personal homes. Parties, and particularly strangers, often commit a breach of decency by asking to be shown through our buildings, offices, shops, domains, etc. We look upon such demands very much as any private household in the land would ; and who would not feel insulted by such ? We feel we are doing public duty by the issue of these palpable, but unpleasant remarks. We have been forced to these reasonable considerations by actual, disagreeable experience. We believe our genuine friends will be sufficiently considerate to acknowledge) leir propriety, and to help us ; while!' lose sufficiently unfriendly to fail of Iri nderstanding us, must not be surprised j 7 we are forced to tell them how very\disagreeable they are* in just so manyjti words, as will assure us that we are b thoroughly understood. *i