EDITORIAL NOTES THEY WANTED SALVATION Any one who is ever roused to any ;t religious ecstasy, will be able to appren ciate the feelings of Bros. Andrews and }' Kulp, as expressed in their articles in '' this number. We have not added to ' this number of Tup: Shaker the next additional answer to the query : ' What 5, shall 1 do to be a Shaker?''' but there may be found, teeming through several '• of our contributors' articles, complete answers to the question. Whoever 1r_ will be a Christian, after the pattern of ¦y Jesus, finds an answer to the above &gt;e question in their own experience. When 11 other systems shall fail to give the Dower to live apart from sin—to expeience salvation in every-day life—then, f vou wrould find satisfaction to the oul, call on the Shakers, who not only Dreach salvation, but live in it! None eave the Shakers to find a greater sal-ation from sin than our church gives. RETRIBUTION The strikes and strikers are taking a lap. Let no one deceive himself by he thoughts that they are ended. They lever will end until a greater equality prevails among all classes. The entire armies of states and nation will prove powerless to disarm the millions of poor, crushed, over-worked, less than half-paid humanity. 'God moves in a mysterious wav;' and we see God's judgments visiting monopolists of the land in and through these strikes. 1 he inordinate wrealth, extravagance, laziness and tyranny of the few ; and the unearthly, squalid poverty of the multitudes, are things which ought not to be—cannot be in the economy of God. Christianity teaches greater equality than Judaism ; while millions of professed Christians do not practice half as much. We deprecate strikes, and would prevent them, teaching by precept and example an exceeding equality. Until we are willing to learn to practice equality—to ll love our neighbor as ourself,'—we must reasonably expect such eruptions. The alternatives are before us—either put away the causes of strikes, monopolies and monopolists ; giving the laborer the worth of his toil: or anticipate and experience riots, destruction of life and property—judgments of God on the rich robbers of humanity—with the very much worse yet to come. Let there be none inordinately rich, and there will be none inordinately poor; while all would be sufficiently wealthy to be very comfortable. It is useless to ridicule communism ; it is God's arrangement; and we had better accept it through merciful dealings with the poor, than be driven to it through the judgments of these pitiless, unmerciful strikes and strikers ! SHAKER COVENANT As wre promised, some time ago, we begin the publication of The Shaker Church Covenant. It will be com Ipleted in the November number. We ask kind attention to it, by Believers and 'those not of our faith.' It is the guardian of our rights and privileges ; our duties and obligations, under Christ ¦ rule. It teaches, aye, demands, an ex1 ceeding purity, self-denial, equal1 1TY, JUSTICE, PEACE, UNSPOTTEDNESS &gt; I from the world! Wrho would truly t know this, let them try its discipline. t And yet, we do not claim perfection for ; it. We know wherein it can be imlj proved by amendments ; for the greater JI justice, comfort and satisfaction of its i' I subscribers. Such amendments are f already under consideration by the 2 Central Bishopric. But we do claim 1 that whoever lives up to its present re- 80 THE SHAKER. quirements, will curb human nature from making a tyrant or usurper of any one ; and teach that he or she that is greatest, must be so by becoming the servant of the brethren, at the expense of personal selfishness. Brethren, it is sufficiently perfect to guard it with all possible care, from even small breaches, which never of themselves incline to grow smaller ; and as we would defend our homes, hearthstones, associations and faith, so let us engage in all spiritual patriotism, and jealously watch the safety of our covenant. CAMPBELLITES ATTENDED TO We yield large space to our Whitewater people and their Campbellite correspondent. The letters are unusually able ; we feeling proud of our champion. By a careful perusal of Bro. Amery's remarks, linked with those of Elders Avery, Evans, Fraser and others, we are almost persuaded we present an unusually good number. Whitewater Village, O., may be like 'pent-up Utica,' but there is large talent confined there, and we would like much of it to rain on us—not pour however.