Christian Culture. No. 6 WM. H. BUSSELL INDIVIDUALISM.----SOCIALISM. It is not in human nature to ignore one's self. That is not to be wondered at, seeing that in the divine economy so great provision has been made for the individual. 'See all things for my use ! ' Pope gives as the exclamation of human pride. Yet it contains a glorious truth. The Christian,—to use the language of Cowper, ' Appropriates nature as his Father's work; Calls the delightful scenery all his own; His are the mountains, and the valleys his, And the resplendent rivers his to enjoy With a propriety that none else can feel.' If the unnumbered worlds in the universe are indicative of the divine power and wisdom, no less so is the fact that the individual man is capable of appropriating and enjoying, one after another, all things contained therein. Beginning with the microcosm on which he dwells, prying into its history, whether of man, animal, rock or vegetable, and developing whatever latent treasures it contains, he makes the whole contribute to his own individual pleasures; partial, it may be, if he is wrapped entirely in self; or unselfish and diffusive, if divine love controlshim in everything. Thence on to the survey of other worlds, where nothing but the limitations of his yet undeveloped powers can check him in his further researches. The individual contains within himself all the faculties comprised by the entire community, and, when rightly and thoroughly developed, these are capable of furnishing him the most exquisite enjoyment. Partial development makes the partial and selfish person : complete development changes the narrow and exclusive individual into the far-seeing and all-loving. There are manv in whom some one or a few faculties are in excess. Such have an inclination to indulge in the excessive gratification of these. To them this indulgence may not appear as it does to others. In their own estimation, they are but gratifying propensities that nature has implanted within them. And, in fact, there are those who maintain that this indulgence is all right. Selfdenial for the sake of a greater good forms no part of their creed. It is enough for them to knowr that nature has acted thus—the authorit}' of nature is all-sufficient. If that partial development were the whole that nature has made known to us, then no reasonable answer could be given. But she teaches many-sided development and growth as emphatically as anything else. Indeed, what is human culture of any and every kind but the result of nature's work in aid of the individual's effort? What could he do without her? If there were no progress of the individual in every age, and of entire communities from age to age, then the grand argument in favor of the Divine Existence and of man's immortality would be nothing. Nature is but the method of working- of God himself, from the partial to the whole, from the lowest to the highest. But the part implies the whole. If the individual has this tendency to indulgence in partial gratification, then selfdenial becomes a paramount duty. Not entire abstinence, but self-restraint. Nature will supplement her own work ii allowed to do so. ' Work out your own salvation, for it is God who works in you.' This was the teaching of Jesus Christ. 'My Father worketh hitherto, and I work.' And the grand result oi his self-denying activity was the elevation of himself to the throne where the divine love forever reigns. Christian culture, then, does not ignore the human self-hood, by any means; but it discountenances exclusive devotion to a part, whatever that part may be, in derogation of the whole. It is not sufficient to give heee to the maintenance of sound bodil} health and vigor, to the neglect of the spirit ; nor to the improvement of the intellectual powers, in disparagement of the moral or the afiectional ; noi solely to the cherishing of the affections, because by means of these we are influenced to kindly regard for each other ; nor to what is called the religious or spiritual nature, because that leads us to an especial knowledge of God and heavenly things. Much has been written, and otherwise uttered, in recent years, respecting individual sovereignty. If the individual man is sovereign, he is so only over himself. He may rule over his own spirit, subordinating the inferior to the superior, and seat himself upon the throne of intellectual and moral excellence, where he may be ' monarch of all he surveys.' But that is a barren domain which consists of but a single province, shut out from access to the thousand sources of wealth and enjoyment in territories that lie all around. It is his right and duty to invade them all. Conquest in such a case is justifiable. Subject them all to one uniform authority, whose government is diviney constitutional.