Christianity, the End of the World GILES B. AVERY In its popular sense, and as commonly understood, Christianity embraces denominations of professors numbering hundreds. Of these various sects, their theologies all contain some essential Christian principles in common. These are of divine origin; and, since the falling away of the primitive church, and an effort at the revival of Christianity commenced, it may doubtless be truly said that each denomination has been of some benefit to our race, by introducing some phase of Christian doctrines or elements of its principles, which were needed by the human family, but wanting in other testimonies. It was doubtless a consciousness of this need which gave rise to each sect, and its theology ; but we are compelled to affirm that all denominational theologies which stop short of teaching Christianity as the ' end of the world,' stop short of Christianity. It is universally known that all the popular religions of the day hold the world, with a strong grasp, in the right hand, and, indifferently, the Christian profession in the left; for they universally teach a coalescence of the church and of the world. Yet, that theology alone is Christian which teaches ' the harvest of the world.' Jesus, the first great Christian, taught 'The law and the prophets were until John, since then the kingdom of heaven is preached.' 'My kingdom is not of this world.' 'And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world, for a witness to all nations, and then shall the end (of the world) come.' 'The harvest is the end of the world, and the reapers are the angels.' And, in answer to the Jews, who inquired of him whose wife of the seven men the woman shall be who had been married to seven husbands, he said: 'Ye do err, not knowing the scriptures, nor the power of God, for in that woi'ld (the kingdom of heaven,) they neither marry nor are given in marriage, but are (in this present time,) as the angels of God in heaven.' And again : 'There are eunuchs who make themselves eunuchs, for the kingdom of heaven's sake.' He taught his disciples to pray : 'Thy kingdom (the kingdom of heaven,) come, thy will be done on earth as it is done in heaven.' If, then, Christ's kingdom —the kingdom of heaven — should ever be established on earth, and, in it God's will should be done as it is done in heaven, and, to those in heaven the end of the worldly life of marriage and its liberties has come, it follows that it must cease in the kingdom-of-heaven order established upon earth. All the foregoing instructions of Jesus synonymously teach 'the harvest of the world' come unto all souls who enter into 'the kingdom of heaven,' or Christ order upon earth. Jesus further taught: 'I am the resurrection,'—that is, my life-character is in, and is, the order of the resurrection. Of course, the worldly order of marriage and generation is here at an end. The prophet Isaiah said of Jesus, 'Who shall declare his ge?ieration? for his life is cut off from the earth.' He had no generation to declare. No comment is needed to show that generation is essentially and necessarily a worldly institution. As such, it cannot be Christian, since Christ's kingdom is not of this world, though necessarily in this world. And the fact must be manifest that all who make themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven's sake, are thenceforth incapable of generation ; their life is cut off from the earthly order. Hence, all efforts to introduce reformed generation into the kingdom of Christ, when its subjects shall have overcome the lusts of a generative life, must be unavailing; for, to these, the end of the world, with all its passional pleasures, and emotional influences, is come, at ence and forever. These constitute the kingdom of heaven. Were man merely an animal, no doubt all his longings and aspirations would be satisfied with a fullness of the pleasures of an animal life ; but human THE SHAKER,. history presents the fact, that in all ages, among all classes of human beings, from the wildest natives to the most refined and enlightened of our race, there is an intuition reaching beyond the shores of time, to realms oi pleasure higher than the sensual. An angel nature, born for spirit life, in heavenly spheres, crops out. and yearns for its native Eden ; and heaven, of some ideal character, above earth's provisions, in all ages, has been the seer's vision ; the poet's song ; the soothsayer's amulet; the resting place for the weary ; the sufferer's panacea, and the pilgrim's home. For every field sown, there is an harvest. Generation is the scu:i7ig of the world, regeneration the new birth into the kingdom of heaven ; the resurrection ; are synonymously the elements of this heavenly order, and this order is the harvest of the world. To souls in this order, 'there is neither male nor female,' in the sexual sense of sensual pleasures, But, in the death such souls die to the worldly life, they are resurrected in a new, angelic life, and, in their relations, increase an hundred fold ; so that unto them is fulfilled the declaration of the prophet Isaiah : 'More are the children of the desolate, than of the married wife, saith the Lord.' Also, the words of the apostle : 'Except a grain of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone ; but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit.' 'Ground' is the element in which the seed is enveloped to die, and figuratively represents the christian's sufferings by the cross, producing death to sinful nature, in order to bring forth fruit unto spiritual life eternal. That is, if souls are baptized into Christ's death unto sin, and to a worldly generative life, they will live in the angelic kingdom-of-heaven order, and spiritually have an hundred-fold relation of fathers, mothers, brothers, sisters, etc. Thus ' the harvest of the world,' that is, the cessation of generative life, and the institution of virgin celibacy, with its laws of duty in angelic life, is a normal step of human evolution ; it is the narrow gate opening into the kingdom of heaven. This kingdom is the goal to which all religionists aspire ; the inspirational theme of their songs of devotion ; it is the culminating fulfillment of all the prophecies pointing to the latter day; the realization of man's hopes of happiness ; the highest round in the ladder of human progress ! The pre-eminent work Christ came on earth to inaugurate, was to institute the kinsxlom-of-heaven order—the harvest of the world. This work would have been necessary for the perfect evolution of humanity's soul life, had mankind never sinned ; but, in that case, the Christian's work would have been natural and easy ; instead of ' the kingdom of heaven suffering violence, and the violent taking it by force,' it would have been taken normally, as the succeeding step of man's evolution, pursuant to a legitimate fulfillment of nature's law in generation. Human history reveals to us the fact that all nations and peoples, in all past time, have had an order, or class, of virgin celibates, who have been revered as superior beings, and sought unto as the oracles of divine wisdom and heavenly truth ; thus demonstrating the fact that there is an intuitive perception of a higher life for humanity than the animal, generative sphere ; a knowledge that this earthly order, even in its normal and order!}' exercise, is not the element in which to develop soul life, and the inspirations of the heavens. This requires the harvest of humanity from the worldly stalk ; in other words, Christianity—Shaker ism ! Thus, all religions professing to be Christian, whose theology and lifepractice stop short of virgin celibacy, and a total death to all the passional impulses of a worldly, generative nature, stop short of the harvest of the world—of genuine Christianity. Shakers, N. Y.