LIBERAL SHAKER SENTIMENTS The Albany Express recently sent its most i talented correspondent to attend our public j services ; and a lengthy report follows in an j P early issue, giving complimentary descrip-|' tions of the music, religious enthusiasm and j p order of the meeting. He also paid us, per-j, sonally, some very flattering, and some doubt-1 ful compliments. We copy his concise report jt' of our address, asking if it is at all 'hazy' or &gt;r of doubtful signification? He says : ' r After marching several songs, they stop, |c take their seats, and the eloquently sedate j j speaker steps forward and preaches a short U sermon, full of vigor and earnestness, and a j fair presentation of his belief. His text is!e from Romans viii: 3-4, and he zealously la-L bored to show the distinction between Judaism j 1 and Christianity, and the superiority of the!v latter. The following are the strong points L of the discourse : L Under Judaism, much that genuine chris- L tianity abandoned was good, is good to-day, | E as Judaism. Are there lovers of marriage, ;c war, private property and of the world's pro-jr pensities generally, with us to-day? We have L only a liberal testimony to impart to you. L You are right in such loves. Judaism claimedL these as good, and Jesus ever sustained the L righteousness of the law. But Jesus present- , ed the better ways of Christianity, and invited j as many as were able to accept of them. For , marriage, he presented the superior doctrine , of life manifested by the celibate for the king- ( dom of heaven's sake. And is it not strange ( that while the vast majority evade this in- , struction of Jesus, and the same, as lived and | ] taught by his immediate disciples, all expect • to live just as we Shakers are living in the , not distant future? Marriage peoples the ( earth ; celibacy populates the heavens, and as Christians, praying for heaven on earth, how 't can we escape being insincere, unless we live here as we believe angels are living there ? Are | you married? You are doing right therein, as , yews, and now let the Levitical laws regulate . your passions, and we shall see a new earth,! blooming with children, honors to their parents, having sound minds in healthy bodies. But while we congratulate you on the righteousness of the laws of marriage and reproductions, we insist the married are not, cannot be Christians. There never was, and never will be a child conceived under the standard of Christianity. It is the right of a Tew to marry; it is the duty of a Christian to be a celibate, even as was Jesus. Just so with private property : it naturally and righteously succeeds marriage. It is a Jewish institution, but so regulated that were it now in force as of old, there would be none inordinately rich nor poor, as now found under bogus, but popular Christianity. The regular partition of goods as practiced by the Jews puts to shame all the sham charities of to-day, though called Christian, and is just the panacea demanded for the prevention of strikes, and the large increase of happiness on the earth. But Jesus taught a progression upon the best forms of Jewish partition, by the introduction y of an entire relinquishment of all and any • private property; and Peter replied, 'Behold, we have forsaken all,' etc. Even the sweet ties of consanguinity were severed, and Jesus, setting the example, acknowledged those only Y who lived as he lived, as his mother, sisters, 1- brethren, etc. d 'When Dr. Newman was the keeper of Gen. v Grant's conscience he went to Utah, accompanied by the moral power of the government, to convince the Mormons that polygamy was unbiblical, but Elder Pratt very e I quickly 'floored' him, as will every one be 'floored' who attempts to dispute that marriages, either as polygamy or monogamy, are not sanctioned by the God of the Jews. And who will say that war is not righteous according to the same criterion ? Let none deny I the right of Jews to fight; but who will be i brazen enough to say that there is any chrisjtianity about it! And yet there are, Rev. Christians (?) too! We met one last evening \ on the boat from New York! This Rev. i gentleman had two j'oung daughters. Alice, I running up to him, says, 'Papa, Mary slapped me!' 'What, again?' says the father. I 'Yes,' says Alice. 'Then,' said the pious I parent, 'Alice, you go and slap Mary!' 'And herein,' said he, 'was what Jesus meant by I turning the other cheek!' And then this I minister went on to say that Toe Smith was I right when he taught that, turning the other cheek, you were smitten, it was evidence of j intentional insult, and you may 'pitch into I the fellow !' Jesus overlapped war by destroying the causes of war and teaching peace; even to 'resist not evil,' 'do good to those who despitefully use you,' give the kiss for the I blow! WTe plead guilty equal to those of old j who were charged with 'turning the world 'upside down,' for that is just what the Shakers are doing. Christ being 'lifted up' as our exampler we find in the following of him all the results of the primitive Christian ! church manifested unto us. Those who were ! married, became, as did the disciples, broth'; ers and sisters. We are forced, by the con\ victions of duty, to lay our riches and pov' erty in one common treasury, and 'nonepos; sesses.aught he calls his own,' only as sharing with brethren and sisters. Hence there is none rich, none poor, but all very comfortable. We are constrained to ask our friends whether our position is not that of the model church of old ? Can marriage, private prop' erty, wars of households or of nations, or 'selfish relationships be at all Christian? Let ! us present the key to the mysterious problem : The God of marriage, of private property, ' war, etc., was the God of the Tews. The God ' of celibacy, of communion of interests, of 5 peace and Christian brotherhood is the God ' of the Christians. The God of the Jews is ' not God of the Christians. There was aprog' ress for humanity, and Jesus, under the in' spiration of the Christian's God, left Judaism ' I to live Christianity. Hence we, the Shakers, &gt; have done with Judaism just as Jesus did, and he lived above it! And inasmuch as we fol¦ low Jesus are we not Christians? And inasmuch as Jesus practiced our life was not Jesus ¦ a Shaker ? Commenting on the above, the correspondent says: 'Here's richness for you,' as s Charles Dickens would say. Some of the as1 sertions, however, are startling, and though 3 the logic to an outsider is a trifle hazy, one 1 could not help admiring the frankness of the y sermon. The discourse was delivered with a 1 polish and clearness, quite pleasing, and s which could be emulated with profit by many 1 Christian clergymen.