The Coming Compunctions, Confessions and Repentance DANIEL FRASER 'At the time of the appearance of Christianity, a crisis took place in the development of humanity, which may be described as the commencement of spiritual life. The change was not abrupt, it had been preceded by the increasing spirituality of the Hebrew' faith through prophetic teachings, and the genera! expectation of a Messiah. — Gold-win Smith. Two hundred years preceding the second appearance of Christ, extraordinary preparations for that event took place. First, the Reformation ; which broke the power of the Roman church. Second, the appearance and power of the Puritans. Third, the spiritual life and influence of the Quakers. Fourth, the prophetic teachings, life, and zeal of the French prophets. They declared that the kingdom of heaven was at hand. Fifth, great activity of thought, and extraordinary facilities for its expression and distribution. Compunction, Confession and Repentance for sin, ushered in the first Christian dispensation, and brought forth a church having all things in common. Compunction, operating in the same manner, ushered in the second appearing of Christ, and brought forth a church wherein no man says that anything is his. Churches made up of rich and poor are not Christian ; lacking in brotherly equality and love. Compunction is inherent in our consciousness, and when moved upon by the holy spirit, arrests man in his downward paths, elevates him above his animal selfhood, and unfolds the divinity within him. Modifications of this force have in all ages been operative to prevent society from sinking into degradation. And during human history, has been, and ever will be operative, as a central force of elevation. The time is drawing on for compunction to begin to operate on millions, as it did on Jesus, and on Ann Lee. He was touched so deeply, that he solemnly declared and felt, that every idle word must be repented of. By the power of compunction, he rose into a righteousness and life which the dispensation of Moses could not give. He rose—was resurrected above his animal desires and emotions, into loves and a life which the Father could love and own. So Ann Lee, under the same power, gave herself no rest till she felt purged from the slightest animal emotion or desire. Every true child of hers will do likewise. Even our eyes must be purged from lust, and sanctified. The experience of our people has affirmed, that in the degree that individuals come under the power of compunction, confession and repentance, they stand resurrected, as did Jesus, and become Saviors, as he was. Wholesale confessions bring no deliverance ; the smallest faults must all appear, and be repented of. The interior life of Jesus taught him, that which had been done in secret must be brought to light. Mother Ann Lee, from her experience, also testified in the most solemn manner, 'that the smallest sin unconfessed, would shut the soul out from God.' There is a meaning in ' Crucify the old man, ivitk all his affections, and all his lusts. Be not conformed to the world, but transformed in the spirit of your minds.' On the tablet of our consciousness, is the record of our lives —a daybook, wherein deeds, words, emotions and desires are impressed; and from time to time, there are interior calls to settle accounts. The quickening of the higher life in man, with concurrent associations and conditions, exalting and opening the spiritual faculties in humanity, has been the foundation of all new dispensations of truth, and elevations of life. Doubtless the Mosaic era was introduced at the right time and place. It is a system of life, law and government, which, when stripped of all extraneous attachments, recommends itself now, and will through the coming ages. Obedience to its requirements will ever be the law of all true progress. 'Heaven and earth may pass away, but not one jot of hygienic or moral law, shall pass, till all shall : be fulfilled.' The person who will keep ; these laws, will be called great in the kingdom of heaven. But he or she, who may have a place in the second appearing of Christ, who knowingly will break in any degree, or by their influence countenance vio¦ lators of hygienic or moral law, will be the least in that kingdom. For the darkness of ¦ night is past, and the day has come, to accomplish the prophecy : 'I will put my law in their inward parts, and write it on their hearts.' This now, is with some, an accomplished fact. The Mosaic system was but in part the law written on the heart, will have a wider application than it had in Jewry. As the unfoldment of the spiritual in humanity opened, the fullness of time came, when the revelation of the Christ became possible. Had there been no preparation under John the Baptist, no quickening of the conscience, the materialist Sadducee,the staid, pompous Pharisee, would not have come to John with feelings of compunction. Their day of judgment, in part, had come; all souls will likewise be so overtaken. So universal was the awakening in city and country, 'that they of Jerusalem, all Judea, and round about Jordan, went to John confessing their sins.' This exaltation and quickening was the foundation of the first Christian dispensation. Jesus felt, and honored the general movement, and went also to John with those who came to be released from their burdens of condemnation. Jesus, on opening his life, was by John refused baptism, on the ground that his mission was not applicable—did not reach the condition of Jesus Christ. Hence John honestly confessed, 'I have need to be baptized of thee.' Hereby testifying, that in Jesus, a higher dispensation than the Mosaic had begun—a higher life and truths than were cognizable by the Mosaic life or laws. So of the founder of our own order. The quickness of her discernment of evil placed her before her teachers. A little band led by Jane and James Wardley, had risen from the Quakers, and held to confessing all known sin, answered the initiatory experience of Mother Ann ; but not resting there, the power of compunction led her to a deeper examination of the workings and tendencies of human nature, and to a corresponding cross, hourly, and momentarily to be borne against impure emotions, selfishness and pride. Her sufferings of spirit were very great; she felt humbled in the dust; so alive and intent was she to purify herself from the least contamination of evil, that she in her abasement rose above her teachers, and ministered to them the elements of a higher life than they had attained to. Although the ministrations of Mother Ann were keen and cutting to severity against everything unclean ; yet her spirit was filled with love. Even as the cleansing waters of compunction overflowed in her being, as do the waters of the Jordan, so also in her, did the river of divine love overflow, while she baptized all willing souls, with fire to burn up the old creation of Adam and Eve withir. them ; and with the holy spirit, create them into sons and daughters of God. With Mother Ann this was not a momentary effusion, but a continued life manifestation. Her everanxious and earnest desire was, that others might have life in themselves, even as she had. So creative and heavenly was her love. that 'Mother' was the name spontaneously accorded her. Those who are baptized into purity of life, abnegation of self, and into the newness of the higher life as she was, delight now to call her Mother. Her natural brother, . a powerful young man, coming to her baptism, exclaimed, ' She is my Mother, yet she is my sister!' The brotherly equality of the Pentecostal church has rarely been approached, never surpassed. The church of the second appearing, after being in the crucible of time one hundred years, can be seen, quietly 'pursuing the even tenor of her way.' A virgin life—circumcision of heart—her line of separation from an unclean world; dispensing to all within her fold, the loves and blessings of the higher life. The externals of which, are equality of condition, and the elevation oi woman; placing her with man, as a component of government, judicial and executive. Ennobling labor, and the laborer; freeing him from being a commodity—slave-like—in the market of supply and demand. 'I will make a man (not the procreative man) more precious than fine gold.' Ye men and women of mind, and of noble impulses; who seek the enfranchisement of woman, the abolition of land monopoly, and of systems of finance as old as Egyptian darkness, and as cruel as was its bondage. Look down the avenues of time. Gather up the high-sounding constitutions, with preambles of 'glittering generalities.' Did not Solon the first, embod3' slavery in his republic? Did not Plato dream of the same? Was he not exclusive? 'Let none enter here but geometers.'' Have the modern Solons done any better? Are not all hired men virtually slaves ? And, when worn out, or their labor not in demand, are they not set aside as you would a handful of rags? Do not the inequalities of human conditions to-day, rival those I of ancient heathen civilizations, while the productive forces of our times are much greater? Are not the commandments of God. moral and hygienic, set at naught when interest, appetite or passion present themselves? By compunction and contrition, 'Come out of her my people. Be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues.'