ELDER G. W. B-----, II-----, Indiana : Esteemed Friend:—Your kind letter of Aug. 1st came safely to hand, and was read with pleasure. I was really pleased to hear that you had been able to 'feel the spirit' of the people here. You but give expression to the feelings of tens of thousands of our fellow-men, when you say your 'heart is hungry for true friends.' Your idea of love is a very high type of natural love, which would bless humanity to realize. But that day is yet afar off. Iain perforce compelled to be very brief with my notice of the first part of your letter, in order to answer somewhat in detail the four questions you put. You say, 'Friend George, I want clear answers, Biblical answers.' Let me tell you here a story to the point in answer to your request for Biblical answers. Upon invitation 1 once attended a meeting of ¦ious sect called ' soul sleepers, ' or ' annihilationists,' who possessed bo great reverence for the literal scriptures, that they interrupted me when I was answering one of their questions, and told me they wanted nothing earthly—they wanted nothing but the clear, unperverted 'Word of God.' I took Paul's Corinthian and other epistles, and plied so hot and heavy his denunciations of uncleanness, and lowness of the 'well,' as compared with the 'better state,' that they were soon t;o warm as to attempt to depart from the strict letter, and rise to explain; but I stopped them by holding them with exasperating firmness and pertinacity to their own request. Hold! nothing but the pure 'Word of God.' Probably you will ask, where is the application? You left a work, one fourth or more of which is an argument of one of your ablest reasoners on the subject of Baptism. Had lie confined himself to the un77 78 THE SHAKER. perverted 'Word of God,' all the scriptures could have been written on quite a small sheet. Though my answers, to your mind, may not seem Biblical, I do not at all fear making them plain and clear. Question 1: ' How do yon get rid of water baptism, when Christ in his conversation with Nicodemus says. 'Except a man be born of water and the Spirit he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.' ' Your quotation is from the 3d of John, in which, from the 1st to the 22d verse, the interview and conversation are described. We think a careful reading of the text will convince you that your application oi this to water baptism is quite a forced one. From the 1st to the 22d verge not once does this word 'baptism' occur in any shape or form. Kead the 7th and 8th verses in the chapter following. In John iv: 14, a very striking and beautiful definition of the water here spoken of is given as follows: 'But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him, a well of water springing up into everlasting life.' A loveiy description of the process of being 'born again,' and its progressive character—'a well of water springing up into everlasting life,' causing individuals so baptized to become like Whittier's 'Cloud,' which ' Shall, with beams of fight from the inner glory, Be stricken through.' It is said that Jesus himself baptized not, but his disciples. But that it will not do in every respect to follow the example of his disciples, one circumstance alone will demonstrate sufficiently, i. e., thatof Paul's circumcising Timothy. And further, even Jesus himself observed many of the Jewish customs which he never enjoined upon his followers to keep. How true it is that people 'strain at gnats auu swallow camels.' Matt. iii. 6, reads, speaking oj John, 'and were baptized of him in Jordan, confessing their sins.' The people manifest a great deal oi tenacity in holding on to the first part of this text at all essential, but they drop the last and avoid it as they would fire, which it truly is if done honestly. If we turn to the words of Jesus alone, we find thai in John x. 38, 30, he sends his disciples not only tc teach and baptize all nations, but also to teach thest same nations to 'observe all things whatsoever lliavi commanded you.' To give up all natural relations. for instance, and last but not least 'his own life also.1' Your champion, Elder Franklin, in one of his discourses with his opponent, makes this strong jioint in contrasting immersion with sprinkling or pouring. 'My second argument is, that in departing from the appointment of God, it is more probable that they departed from the more laborious, inconvenient, and unpleasant, to the more easy, convenient, and pleasant,' etc. A very true remark, indeed, and one that is intensified a thousand fold in its applicability when we use it in comparing your ceremonial baptism with ours, which buries us with Christ. A burial, my deai friend, naturally suggests a corpse; so in Romans vi. 4 we read: 'Therefore ye are buried with him by baptism into death.' You taKe your converts down intc the water and bring them out alive and safe. We taki ours, ask them to honestly confess their sins, andthei lead then) down deep into the waters of the Gospel oi Jesus Christ, but instead of bringing them out we keep them under until ail selfish ties, all selfish accumulative disposition, and in short all the connecting links which bind them to the world, are broken, and they who went down alive are brought up dead, completely buried to the world anil its life. They go dowr knowing (after the manner of the world) father, mother, sisters, brothers by the flesh; they go down owning houses and lands, wife and children: they ccftne up recognizing these no more, no matter how loudly they may call. But in their places they find tin hundred fold promised; and in place of wives thej know that, like the virgins, they have Christ! Now are not Franklin's words forcibly applicable here? And last, but by no means the least reason for our neglect of water baptism is the following: Every dispensation has had and must continue to have its laws and ordinances. The Jewish law could not, nor would Jesus suffer it to interpose any obstruction to the Gospel of Christ, which was superior to the dead letter of the law and its ceremonies. Extracting the very soul and marrow of the law, Jesus had still higher truths to urge, and when occasion required could make people feel that he was master, not only of the Sabbath, but any other part of the Jewish, dispensation. We claim that we are in a dispensation superior to that of the apostles of Jesus, in that the truths and principles enunciated by Jesus are more fully carried out now than in their day. Not but that they were faithful, but they could not work before their time- And our dispensation being governed by laws given to it, as Christ gave laws to his followers, and as he from time to time further taught them, we are as firmly bound to observe the laws of our day and dispensation as the apostles theirs. And in this new dispensation, as in the first dispensation of the Christian church, there is a decrease of the ceremonial of the past era. but an increase of the real and vital, and as a consequence a greater cross given to men t bear. And among other ceremonials belonging to tl; first Christian dispensation, water baptism has beer laid aside (by command) as aon-essential. Do not misunderstand us on this point. In the dispensation past and gone it has had its uses. It served in ita time as 'the answer of a good conscience towards God,' and to those who have received bo further light it will still prove justifying, and, in a degree, comforting, ft is the baptism of John, and no more. A baptism to repentance of an ungodly life. But we say, Christ offers more—a better rite. We might proceed from text to text on this subject of baptism, but will content ourselves by adding, that it is one of the misfortunes of humanity to almost invariably elevate the ceremonial and mystical above the real—to prefer the shadow to the substance—and while wrangling about hair-splitting differences between this or that symbol, to lose sight of the allneedful, the true Christ life. So much for answer to your first question—an answer long and still short—to you a question of great importance, to us a mere side issue, serving to hide from view weightier truth, even the baptism of the Lord Jesus Christ, which, redemptive in its very character and operation, pales, by comparison, its faint symbol belonging to a dispensation to us past and gone. Question1-!: 'Did God, or any one regarded as a teacher, command dancing as an act of worship? ' Answer. My dear friend, there are some things, God lie praised, which mei and women do without any commanding. Bowed down by sorrow, tears are wrung from oureyes; moved by compassion, we weep over the sufferings of humanity. We have seen whole assemblies carried away and crazed by glad tidings of an earthly character; there were clapping of hands, stamping of feet, tossing of hats, laughter, and even shedding of tears of joy, making a very babel of noise, :ind eve;1, ting such, an excitement that it would have been dangerous for any one to have made manifest that he or she was not in harmony with the all-pervading spirit of the hour. Could any one fully united in the thankfulness of the occasion stand coolly by and criticise the various modes employed to manifest emotion that would not be controlled? We tell you nay. The idea that after God had bestowed upon us his richest blessings, filling us with joy unspeakable, he should still find it necessary to say—'I positively command you to rejoice '—borders some little on the absurd. The Israelites frequently employed dancing to show their rejoicing for victories gained. The instances are so very numerous that we will only give you references to the texts : Jeremiah xxxi. 13 etc.; Exodus xvi. 20: Judges xi. 34; 1st Samuel xviii. 6. We believe that these prefigured the rejoicing of the latter day, when people would rejoice in deliverance from their own sins. Read especially in connection Math texts above referred to : Psalms xlvii. 1; and cxlix, 1st, 2d and 3d verses. And now leaving the Old Testament let us turn to the New, and by way of Biblical answer, let us consider the parable of the prodigal's return. He confesses his sins and begs his father's forgiveness; he is stripped of his old garb and clothed with the new, a robe of purity and righteousness, then 'music and lancing.' But the elder son is not pleased. Why? Because these things had not been done for him. In brief, to modernize the objection, ' they did not do so in the apostles' day, hence it cannot be right.' L«t as be careful not to take the place of this elder brother, and lose our union with the father by refusing to rejoice with those who are reclaimed. If it be pardonable in the exuberant expression of earthly joy to forget self—and who can deny that this is done—how much more excusable are those, who, being delivered from the bondage of a fallen nature—having returned to their father—are led by His spirit ' to go forth in the dances of them that make merry.' In conclusion, as I have before said, ours is a new dispensation and this is one of the customs, one of the modes of giving expression of joy unspeakable within, introduced by Ami Lee, and practiced as good by her followers. Let us finally quote Franklin, and here say—that neither in tlua mode of worship have we chosen 'the wore easy, convenient and pleasant' worship in the eyes of the world. Can we not ask ourselves which requires the greatest sacrifice of self to perform—the dead formal worship of the world, or this in which hands, tongue and feet are all employed? Question 3 : 'Since God said it was not good for man to be alone (meaning, of course, that it was not good to be without a wife), and since he commanded them to multiply and replenish the earth, is it not going directly against the revealed will of God not to marry?' Answer. God established Adam and his order. Gave him a law which he broke. Sent messenger after messenger to his posterity. He also established the Jewish dispensation. Then was Christ sent, and through Jesus (for a short time) the first Christian dispensation was established; and finally this the last to date. In every dispensation from Adam to Christ, there have been prophecies of increase or growth— and every new era has found its bitterest antagonist in the one that gave it 1 irth. But still, in tones of unmistakable clearness, to; : 'ere seeker alter truth, the voice of God has called . ; ( at the old, the new and living present; and well ver ¦¦¦¦'. . you are in the Scriptures, we do not hesitate to nay, that Christ's words about the eunuchs, and his testimony as to his disciples not belonging to the world, 'who man \ and are given in marriage,' will be easily recalled. The world was not ready at that time for the first ministration of the Christ spirit, for the testimony so foreign to it, and it was soon driven from the face of the earth. The language of the world has ever been and will ever continue to be: 'Keep, if you will, ceremonies without number, but stay with me, abide in my life, and I will protect you.' But Christ calls, saying: ' Come ye out from among them and be ye not partakers of her iniquities.' The first man (Adam) was of the earth, earthy—the second man : (Jesus) the Lord from Heaven. The first married, the second did not—neither do his followers. He came not to generate, but by his example and teaching to regenerate—and 'as he was in this world, so are we.' Again let me say here, 'we have not chosen the . easier way.' We will say in addition upon the subject of marriage, that it was also discountenanced by Mother . Ann, as not belonging to the Christ Life. And we know of no stronger evidence to the truth of this remark, than the united opposition which both religious (?) and profane manifest to her pure testimony on this point. No matter whether the objector belongs to the most refined and highly educated classes of the land, or whether he comes from the lowest dregs oi humanity; no matter whether he be married or unmarried ; no difference how much they may be separated by culture and ignorance—here they are one, having one faith and one baptism, even the baptism of the flesh! On this ground they meet as brothers; on this field they will battle valiantly for their common cause, and on this plain, we say, 'they die to the Christ Life which cometh from above,' and proves its divine origin by demanding of the soul that it leave its old camping ground; that it pass through 'the valley of the shadow of death' through much suffering and tribulation into the land of purity beyond. II is souls who go through this purifying work of whom it is truly said in Revelations xiv. 4 : 'These are they which were not defiled with women, for they are virgins. These are they which follow the Lamb whithersoever he goeth'—not into marriage, for he never went there. 'Don't take up so much cross,' says the world. 'We are the children of Abraham,' say the Jews; but we reiterate the testimony to both Jew and Gentile, that in Christ Jesus, 'the resurrection and the life, there is neither marrying nor giving in marriage.' Question A: 'How will you prove, how do you prove, that Mother Ann was gifted with the Spirit of Christ?' Answer. By more positive and direct testimony than we can get with reference to Jesus. We have conversed with those who have talked with others who have had her personal acquaintance. Our informants we know to be people of unimpeachable truthfulness, and they bore the same testimony with reference to the truthfulness of their informants. These made her out a pattern of a Godly woman. But the Shaker societies, with their treasures of precious souls, and their store-houses of heavenly principles, afford to every diligent inquirer the most incontrovertible proofs of her possession of the Chris' spirit. And we know, though young in experience, that the world hates her and her testimony, as the\ hated, and as they still hate the testimony of Chris! through Jesus. We know that she was gifted witli the Christ spirit, because, like Him, she gave her lift to benefit humanity. She renounced the world to meet at its hfi nds the most shameful abuse and persecutions, but with unflinching fortitude, she 'kept the faith' and ministered it to others. We know by personal experience that she was gifted with the Christ spirit, because, she has left us laws and ordinances the observance of which brings death to the very nature of sin and makes a clean, a perfect separation from the life—the spirit—of the world. And still we say, we worship neither Jesus, who said to 'call him not master,' nor Ann, who said 'I am your fellow servant,'' but rather the spirit which governed them both, and which made them—the first man and the first woman who received it—the leaders in this work. It is very seldom, indeed, that, we enter into so long a review of passages of Scripture referring to ceremonies belonging to past times and still practiced by the various sects of the land. Before we accepted Sbakerism, we read, carefully, publications made by : the society in defence of its faith; but we were not so attached as some seem to be, to the ceremonial part of Jesus' testimony of eighteen hundred years ago. We will say finally, in concluding, that in reading ¦ your commendatory testimony to the innocence of our sisters, the honor of our brethren, and the charity of both, and your inquiry:—' But are you on the right track?'—we are forcibly reminded of some, who after acknowledging that we were in possession of almost ' every virtue under the sun, have also been most intensely fearful that we were not 'right after all.' To ' all such we would say, we can much better afford to ! be on the wrong track (?) with the virtues, than on ' the right one (?) without them. And now, trusting that I have answered you fully, ' and sincerely desiring your eternal welfare, I Avill E close this long letter by sending you my love, and re' turning you my thanks for yours. 11 I remain (paradoxical as it may seem after reading ; this letter) a hater of theological discussions. 3 Most truly yours, GEO. B. AMERY 5 Whitewater Village, O., Sept., 1877