EDITORIAL NOTES WAR, NOT CHRISTIAN, BUT BARBAROUS We ought to learn an important lesson by the present European war; and this: That war is all brutal, the antipode of Christianity. On which side is the greater brutality manifested? We cannot decide. Both are as brutal as they well can be. Standing aloof from this quarrel, so-called Christian America should view with a holy horror any attachment of the name of Christian to any war whatever. We think it is far more honorable to be a heathen Mohammedan in this fight, than to fight worse than a Turk—be a greater brute, while wearing a very, very peaceable name ! Wars, of households or of nations, are without the pale of Christianity ; and any nation keeping a standing army, or a national guard of militia, has not even the smell of Christianity about it; but has much of the odors of the hells ! Jesus was Prince of Peace ; all wars are of the devil. POLYGAMY—MONOGAMY We must not forget the old adage about 'people who live in glass houses should not throw stones.' Brigham Young is dead. To the majority of people, his greatest crime was polygamy. If we find any fault with Brigham for this, we must also find the same fault with very many scriptural characters. David, for instance, was a man after the God of Polygamy's heart. Brigham had just as much right to'his many wives as David, Solomon, etc. Many wives or one wife are all unchristian—find no sanction in the life of the Christian exampler—Jesus. But we have some good thoughts of Brigham. He was, undoubtedly, a man of extreme sensual passions. Dividing these passions among many wives, fai less harm and brutality ware done than very many a so-ca41ed Christian enacts with one miserable woman, called by his name. We sorrow for the woman who is subjected, against her will, to the worse than brutal passions of hei anti-christian master ; and if called on to decide the greater display of merciful morality, we would unhesitating!} recommend polygamy. But while neither polygamy nor monogamy are in the least Christian, monogamy, for the indulgence of libidinous passions only is less so than polygamy. ORAL CONFESSION The excitement of the English churches over the proposed introduction of oral confession, as a sacrament, into the demands of the Episcopal persuasion, does not die away yet. Why should it? By what authority did the originators of that church do away with the confession of sin? 'Confess your sins, one to another!' The Baptists 'baptize ;' but they neglect the weightier matter of ' confessing their sins.' It may be Roman Catholic to confess orally, but it is none the less Christian for that. In our opinion, while acknowledging the prostitution of power by the priests, and much dead cere|mony of the Roman church, yet the Episcopal must progress very much before they can present as many Christian features as the Romans. Let them progress into oral confession—make priestesses of women, and let each sex confess and be ministered to by its own sex. This will excel the Romans !