WORTH KNOWING Brimstone matches.—It will pay to save matches. Get a piece of pine plank two inches square, and six inches long. Put one end in a vise—the lower end—and split first into thin slabs across the top. Turn the block in the vise, and split the other way in to pieces as large as matches. Turn again as before, in the vise, squeezing harder than before, and it will separate the tops of the sticks. Sprinkle dry sand over the distendec tops, and take from the vise. The sand wil keep each stick separate. Now, dip the ends, very slightly in melted brimstone, and you have very good substitutes for matches wherever there are coals or flames to ignite them. Besides, for one cent's worth of brim stone, you can thus manufacture thousand of matches. We use them freely, for light ing lanterns, etc., from other lamps. Shaving cuts.—Do you shave yourself If you do, you sometimes get a slight cut, o your beard may pull out, so that blood wil come. We have seen, from slight cuts on some persons' faces, the blood flow unusually free. As soon as cut, take a small piece oi he margin of a newspaper—the poorer the quality the better—and stick on dry, holding t for a few seconds. The cut will cease bleeding, and heal immediately. The first trial will surprise you. One thousand shingles, laid four inches to the weather, will cover one hundred square feet of surface, and five pounds of shingle nails will fasten them on. One fifth more siding and flooring is needed than the number of square feet of surface to be covered, because of the lap in the siding and matching of the floor. One thousand laths will cover seventy ya*'ds of surface, and eleven pounds of lath nails will nail them on. Eight bushels of good lime, sixteen bushels of sand, and one bushel of hair, will make enough good mortar to plaster one hundred square yards. A cord of stone, three bushels of lime, and a cubic yard of sand, will lay one hundred cubic feet of wall. Five courses of brick will lay one foot in height on a chimney, six bricks in a course will make a flue four inches wide and twelve inches long, and eight bricks in a course will make a flue eight inches wide and sixteen inches long. True benevolence.—If it should ever be my fortune to discover or invent anything that can be of lasting benefit to humanity, I am resolved never to turn it to a pecuniary, personal profit. I believe it my duty, and the same of every individual, ever to perform sufficient manual labor, to supply my physical necessities.—Levin Robbins, Whitewater,O.