TWO SIDES OF LIFE MARTHA J. ANDERSON Life has two sides ; one is sunny, the other shady. Many persons, from moroseness of disposition, or a wrong habit of thinking, dwell more or less within the shadows, and incline to see every thing in a gloomy aspect. To such, the clearest sky is portentous of a nearing storm ; the calmest sea has folded billows ; the serenest atmosphere envelops a tempest; and the fairest morn is surely gathering mists of frowning clouds. Their brows are dark with sullen thoughts of evil that may come. Few are the pleasant words they speak, till the voice grows harsh, like some discordant instrument, and the whole being seems out of tune with the sweetflowing harmonies of the material and spiritual universe. On the other side dwell those who have the sunshine of cheer in their souls, t Dark foreboding shadows flee at their presence. Although clouds, somber 1 and dense, lower upon the mountain i tops, they know there is a 'silver lin- \ ing,' and that the glory beyond will ^ shift the darkest scene. Anon the tern- t pestuous tide of time sweeps by, but ever leaves a calm sweetly enjoyable. Fierce winds may mar and blight the perishable, yet tranquil the mind reposes amid the wreck and ruin, while peace succeeds the war of adverse elements. Dense mists of gathering vapors may obscure the mellow light of night's fair queen, and all the shining hosts that silent tread the ether space ; yet still they gleam, and only hide awhile that we may better appreciate their glorious beaming. This world is full of pleasant things, if we would only keep on the sunny side. ''Light is sown for the righteous, and gladness for the upright in heart.' There are pleasant words to speak, genial smiles to give, kindly looks to bestow, sweet notes to harmonize, pure gifts to mingle, loving deeds to perform, patience to exercise, charities to scatter, and blessings to gather. Love is the sun of the soul ; let its emanations radiate through heaven and earth, till the fullness of its blessing shall be realized by all God's creation.