Notes by the Way. No. 11 HENRY C. BLINN 152 GOOD AND DO GOOD. After a long pilgrimage on the journey of life, with a favored opportunity to learn of the ways of man, and an : anxiety corresponding to the privilege, • I am fully persuaded that to 'be : good and do good,' takes precedence of all creeds, forms and ceremonies that may have originated in the mind of , either the passive or rigid devotee of ¦ any religious order. There can be I nothing more potent than the word of ¦ God to Cain : ' If thou doest well, shalt &gt; thou not be accepted?' This same ad; dress may, with all propriety, stand i first on the list of religious obligations . over which we may be asking God's i blessing. ¦ To anticipate a process for goodness, i and to publish its efficacy, is quite dif¦ ferent from the discipline which is de1 manded of those who would walk faithfully in Christ Jesus. The imaginative &gt; principle in man's mind seems to have been very prolific from the beginning. The sacred historian says: ' Only this have I found, that God made man right, and he hath entangled himself with an infinity of questions.' And we are further informed there was a time when all these imaginations of the mind were from an evil source. Hence :he necessity of a flood ; but the gradual development of the human family n the scale of moral and religious obigations, warrants us in believing that he principle of goodness now stands in he ascendancy. Perhaps the mind in this age may be nore prolific, and the imagination no less vivid, but we are learning that the deeper the interest which is manifested in God and in his creature man, the stronger the incentive to 'be good and to do good.' It is a wise provision of a kind providence that such is the fact; and to all who are learners in the school of Christ, it opens a beautiful avenue for spiritual progression. How like the prophetic Zion's army the children of light might move on, if happily they could all accept the same revelations of goodness and of God. But the slow process of trying the spirits, of analyzing the assumed progressive developments, and the still slower process of disciplining the mind into a receptive state, obliges them to move with measured tread on to the city of Peace. Our beloved Elder Frederic W. Evans would inspire us with a knowledge of an increasing second cycle, heralded, as he says, by the voice of thunder, which shall be to the Shaker order a deeper and more powerful shaking than has ever been realized. To this declaration, evei'y Believer might well say Amen ! as it awakens an inspiration corresponding so beautifully with the testimony of those sons and daughters of God who were the pioneers of this gospel work. Whatever this voice may be, that is to usher in a more advanced state of spiritual life, we feel well assured that it will establish us more firmly in the principles of truth, and enable us to do more good. It is well that here and there these witnesses have arisen and testified against the manifold sins of the world. Others may arise and testify, for the better preservation of the church. If their administration disciplines us to a more correct use of language, or opens to us a deeper knowledge of dietetic laws, or ascends into the spiritual, and awakens in us a zeal for good works, well may we recognize the hand of a special providence in the timely monition.