WHAT IS GOD'S WORD? HEWITT CHANDLER In a late number of The Shaker, I noticed an article entitled ' God's Word,' by Hervey L. Eades, from which I would make a few quotations, and add a few criticisms : ' Notwithstanding the subject of what constitutes God's Word has perplexed the world for ages, and been widely discussed and much befogged by writers, so that agreement has hitherto seemed impossible, still, I think it can be made plain to the common mind. This is the task I have now proposed for myself. It will first be necessary to state what we are to understand by the term God.' The explanation our venerable and learned elder gives may be all clear to him, but to us it is a little foggy. Simple minds can comprehend only simple ideas. 'We understand by the term God in its highest sense to man, Infinite spirit omniscient and omnipresent; then to speak of more than one Infinite God is childish, equal to declaring there is no Infinite God, but being infinite in his presence, as well as his power in all worlds and all places, in all humans and all things, at all times, makes all works his own except that which is changed, obstructed or counteracted by free agents, and for which the free agents are themselves accountable.' If God is infinite in all respects, wre cannot see how there can be any exceptions. 'All the anti-christian fuss about a fixed throne, located in space somewhere ' 'twixt earth, sea and skies,' is pure fiction, chimera, with no rational basis, as such notions destroy the idea of his infinity. This, however, does not conflict with the idea of his kingdom in heaven, where Christ is the visible head, who is still directed and controlled by the operation of the Divine Essence on his higher consciousness, and to whom all must bow, angels or men.' We would ask our teacher where ' his kingdom in heaven' is located? ' If the affirmation that ' God cannot possibly be in any evil work ' be construed to deny the eternal presence, then the affirmation is at fault, because God is either omnipresent or he is not. If he is not, he is circumscribed. If he is circumscribed, he is finite, and can be measured when infinity disappears. But God is ever present in the cyclone, in the fire that warms, or that which reduces cities to ashes. He is equally in the flint of the winged and quivering arrow of the wild Indians, on its errand of death, as in the heart to coniemn or approve, or in that of angels or men on errands of mercy and love.' In following our teacher around the infinite circle, except where he varies from it, we come back to the starting point; and using the term God to express the idea, we say : God is everything, and everything is God ; and making the term God and spirit synonymous, we say spirit is everything, and everything is spirit; hence, in using the term God or spirit in this sense, we express only existence. Now, as we have a recess, let us, as pupils, make a little trip inside this infinite circle. We know there is a force not always visible to our senses, but only as we see its effects on what we call material things. This force is motion, life. We will use the term God to represent this force ; and as we go around the circuit, we see all kinds of vegetable, animal and mineral life forming and dissolving again. Then we say, motion is life, life is God, and God is life. By this we convey the idea of what appears to us to be an element, or a part of infinity. Now, we will imagine a being in personal form, and call him God ; and, as our teacher says a throne located ' 'twixt earth, sea and skies is chimera,' we will locate his throne above the skies; and attribute to him the right and power to rule all things ; and whatever agrees with our notions, we will call God's Word, and think it awful if any one slights this Deity. We can, by using the term God, communicate our meaning to those who understand our ideas ; but this being is only efficient to those who have the same fancied notions. Now, we will combine the principle of goodness and love, and make of them God; not solely incorporated in any particular personality,but acknowledged wherever these are found. We determine goodness by what is beneficial to our being and our fellow-beings ; and love, in its highest sense, by the desire to make others happy. This is the God whose voice we hear and can understand, when our venerable fathers and mothers kindly exhort us to love God, do God's service, etc. This is the God we will worship and pray to—pray that we may learn to live and act in such a way as will best promote the welfare of our being, but not at the expense of others, and that the happiness of all within our compass may be augmented by our efforts. The term God is most commonly applied to the focus of religious worship, each sect respectively declaring theirs the true and only God. Their God is true to all who are true to him ; but the combined testimony of all annuls the term ' only.' We should judge, from the story recorded in what is called Sacred Writ, that Moses wTould have others believe his object of worship—or God, was the creator of all things, and that he was inspired to tell when all was done. ' That it has been his will to impart free agency to man, who may do evil or good at pleasure, does not deny in the least degree the ever-existing Eternal Presence.' All beings are free agents in proportion to their power of action ; but none are independent, not even the gods. The application of the term God to any compound of ideas, is a pun that does for conceited theologians to quarrel over, but lovers of truth have no time to waste. ' The false but popular democratic cry of ' Vox populi vox Dei,' is at variance with the whole genius, tenor, structure, and very existence of Christ's kingdom, which is a theocracy pure and simple, and every iota of democracy that finds lodgment therein only has the tendency to lower its status, and cause it to interblend with the kingdom and communities of the world, and make it both 'common and unclean.' Ours is the antipode of democracy ; the one being the government of God, the other of men; the heads of one being appointed by God above them, the heads of the other by men below them.' With highest regards for our veteran elder, but none the less distaste for the sentiment. We cannot discover in what sense the phrase, ' The voice of the people is the voice of God,' is false. According to our teacher's definition of God, all voices must be God's voice. In a democratic form of government the heads are appointed by the people for a definite space of time. In a theocratic form of government, the head, or heads, are adopted by the people, with an admitted right to appoint their successors. But of what avail is a theocracy, or its God, when the people fail to recognize it? The real essence of theocracy is a desire to control others by declaring a Deity. The essence of democracy is a desire to give others equal rights with themselves. The qualities of our leaders are much higher appreciated when strcngly tinctured with the essence of democracy, making them like unto the people they are called to serve ; and this element is a counter-balance to aristocracy, to which theocracy is very closely allied. West Gloucester, Me.