FAITH AND HOPE IN TRIAL GEO. W. SMART Now, for the heavenborn baptism of faith, I'm praying, When lifted up from common earthly things. Assurance blest will come to me; my soul keeps saying— There's no true light but what the gospel brings. I seek the blessed meed of faith; inspiring faith in all things, In fellow man, as well as trust in heaven : And seeking, find in every human heart some heavenly well-springs Of truth, and goodness, unto mortals given. The world's no desert, nor is celestial love denied to all— The heart of man is not innately vile; Germs of the pure living light in every mind, await God's call, As seeds in earth slumbers, till sunbeams smile. In the rude, rocky waste where thorns and briars are, rich berries grow, Much wealth of gold you'll find, mid sterile sands— Rich lustrous pearls lie deeply, where the cold, cruel sea waves flow— Clouds hide the sun, that shines on other lands. On eastern plains, where ruined temple walls are mouldering fast Mid dusts of age, the bright green mosses blend-On Egypt's arid sands, round old crumbling pillars of the past, Frail tendrils of the vine, heavenward ascend. So without worldly promise, and from the soul that seemeth vile, Out-bursting freshly from the conscious mind, Unlooked for, radiant with glory, celestial blossoms smile— Even here, flowerets of Eden, you may find. Striving for saving faith, spirits bright, come guide and guard me ; And fan to flame .the spark divine within ; That I may watch, and wait, and pray, until the end I see, Standing with God, emancipate from sin. Guardian spirits hold their examples ever bright before me, Who gained salvation in the race they ran ; Teach me, ever through trial, faith and purity. The life of Jesus and our Mother Ann. Trials will surely come—for hearts have ached, and souls have hungered, Eyes have wept blood, and brows with thorns been bound— Prophets, walking through fiery paths, have with the dead been numbered, For martyrdom, some godly few have found. Assured that God's love and tender mercy has no ending, His ear is ever open to my call; On His all bounteous providence, I'm depending, Supported by His power I cannot fall. I shall yet rejoice—will he my slumbering soul awake? Altho' salvation comes through toil anc pain, Should I but work, and weep, heart of mine bat heave and break Beneath His yoke, my sufferings will be gain! Knowing my labors will be blest, and mourning crowned with joy; Sad tears shed now, shall bring me peace and rest; Our God breaketh down to build again, not to destroy; Patient labor ever bringeth faith at last. Heart of mine by trials furrowed, toil sown, watered with soft tears, Under God's sunshine, shall thy harvest come; Arfgels shall come and reap, and lay their • burden at God's feet, so end my fears, Thy will, my Father, and not mine, be done. Canaan, N. Y.