COMMUNICATION FROM THE SPIRIT OF MOTHER ANN LEE G. A. LOMAS—My Dear Brother: Spiritual manifestations of all sorts and gradations, as Shaker visionists and mediums prophesied many yeai'S before the Rochester rappings, have truly gone forth into every nation, city, and hamlet, as witnesses of the immortality of the sou.]. Accordingly, I find spiritualists in all portions of the earth, and even the distant isles of the ocean. Do you not remember Bishop Heber's hymn, commencing : 'From Greenland's icy mountains.' And then, these lines : 'What though the spicy breezes, Blow soft o'er Agean isles; Though every prospect pleases, And only man is vile.' Well, I am here on the Isle of Ceylon, the land of cinnamon gardens, perpetual flowers, eternal summer, noxious insects and huge, poisonous serpents. How true that: 'Every pleasure hath its sting, And every sweet a snare.' I shall hurry away as soon as I accomplish my mission relative to looking up the records of ancient Buddhism. Kanda, as every scholar knows, was the fountain-head of Buddhism '250 15. C. Since leaving my native land I have met a medium encircled by three grades of spirit intelligences, the higher of which were messengers between the world of spirits, and the diviner realms of celestial life. I inquired of one of these usually controlling spirits while entrancing the medium, if he knew Ann Lee in spirit life? '1 do not personally,' was the prompt reply. 'She is far above me.' Can you communicate with her? '1 can probably so do by proxy—that is to say,—as she is much higher and holier than I am, I can ask one of my teachers—a heavenly messenger, to bear to and receive from her a message, if you so desire.' I am anxious to have her answer me a series of questions. 'It will be best to prepare them in writing. Read them to me, and I will telegraph them on, by the law of mediation ; and if she is disposed to trust me, I will boar back to you the responses as best I can.' Thus encouraged, I prepared the following : To ANN Lee, founder of that Order of Believers known as Shakers : Pardon me for intruding upon one who has so long summered in the heavenly land of promise. Let me assure you, however, that my object in propounding these inquiries is neither curiosity, nor the selfish gain of knowledge; but, it is rather to possess more of that 'wisdom which cometh down from above,' and which as an apostle said, 'is first pure, then peaceable, and full of good fruits and righteousness.' In all sincerity of heart then, permit me to ask : I. Do you continue to have a deep interest in Millennial Believers—that body of people known as Shakers ? II. Do you still consider that your mission was heaven-appointed, and that the 'Second Coming'— the Christ spirit—was manifest in and through you? III. Do you consider that the genius of true Shakerism, as manifest in and taught by you, and by the pillars of the church, contained the 'principles*of progress and the law of unfolding cycles? IV. Is there in the higher heavens a Shaker church triumphant—the New Jerusalem—of which the church*1 of Believers on earth is but a faint reflection? V. Are not you, Jesus, John and other divinely inspired souls, now Christ-angels—ministering to* the church of Believers on earth—to truth-loving aspirational souls in all lands—and to the more receptive in the world of spirits ? VI. If truth is its own authority, should not the teachers and leaders in the Shaker clmrch be governed more by the spirit of truth—the spirit of a living inspiration—than the letter of the law, or the customs of an antiquated past? VII. Do you from your present position see on earth an increasing necessity for a governing celibate order—an order whose solid foundation is purity, peace and all things in common t VIII. Are not the present wars, catastrophes, excitements, struggles, and general unrest prophecies of a future increasing interest in co-operation, communism, and that quickening of the spiritual nature which must ultimate in a flocking to Zion—a vigorous ingathering of her vested souls? IX. Are you acquainted with that distinguished celibate of earth, Giardino Bruno, who was martyred in Rome near the close of the sixteenth century? He resides, I am told, in Pure-love city, and wields great moral power in the world of spirits. X. Have you words of cheer and counsel for me to bear to believers—to those, who, though not having seen, yet love and honor you as Mother? The above questions having been read aloud, the controlling intelligence, putting the medium into a still deeper trance, said 'the chain of sympathy is now established; and I will report to you what is given to me.' ANN LEE'S RESPONSES. 'Turning my mind to that land of spiritual darkness, the earth, I respond through mediating messengers to our servant in the field of reform—the one who calls upon me; and through him, if so desired, to those who often speak of me, though yet dwelling in their tabernacle of clay. 'To my dear sisters and brothers upon earth, one and all;—the love of God, the peace of heaven, the patience of the saints, and the purity of the angels be and abide with you, forever. 'I. I continue to feel the deepest interest in Believers, and trust that the stream of purity which has flown thus far may continue to flow in every direction, till all souls are washed, and every heart is cleansed m its heavenly waters. Remember, oh, my children, that purity is the key that unlocks the inner gate of paradise. The pure in heart see God. 'II. Most conscientiously do I still believe, yea, I know, that my mission on earth was heaven-conceived and divinely directed. And further, it was superintended, under God, by angels and arch-angels, and was, among other things, for the purpose of revealing the Christ-principle in woman, thus establishing the equality of the sexes. But in this I take no honor to myself. It is God that worketh in us through his ministering angels, to will and to do. Accordingly, I humbly bowed in submission to the divine decree that so ordained me to be a vessel, an humble instrument for the divine manifestation. 'III. The church of Believers on earth, found in whatever land or clime, has its counterpart in heaven. And this spiritual church, overshadowed by the Christ-spirit, and cared for by the messengers of God, certainly contains the principles of all true spiritual progress. Much that is called progress on earth is not true progress. Fire must try it all. Divine truth is from the heavens, and certain mortals, as well as many in spirit-life, are vessels through which it is poured. Therefore, it is with thanksgiving and with praise that I turn to God, and his holy angels when reflecting upon the principles that I sought, and still seek, to engraft into you. 'IV. There is a Divine Church—holy assemblies of brothers and sisters arrayed in white—in heaven, that the dragon cannot hurt! It is the church of purity and progress, and from its life-bearing trees, drop leaves and fruits that tend to the healing of the nations. Many full of the pride of life; many accounted rich and great on earth, have, upon entering the world of spirits, suffered such torments and endured such fiery judgments, that they earnestly, yet meekly and tearfully, cried to God for help, and at once sought the fold of spiritual love and truth. Oh that the children of men would confess, repent of, and turn away from their sins, before summoned to the suffering and discipline that otherwise await them. God is not to be mocked, nor just penalties to be escaped. Those that sow to the flesh reap corruption, while those, and those only, that sow to the spirit and live the calm, pure spiritual life, reap life everlasting. 'V. Jesus, and all Christ-angels, are engaged in the blessed work of mediation and ministration. 'VI. There is ever a necessit}* for reform in all unclean habits; and for such progressive methods as shall give newness to, and vitalize the past. The most useless things on earth are gravestones; for they neither grow themselves, nor let the grass grow under them. Believers, as a body, may well be compared to a city set upon a hill, a leading purpose of which is to illumine valley lands below. They are also standardbearers ; and as such they should step into the spiritual waters in advance of all others, that the healing waters of life may roll more freely. It is the spirit— the spirit of truth—that giveth life, while the letter killeth. Believers, having been baptized of Christ, and reposing upon the foundation of purity, peace, and a union of inheritance, their principles must necessarily contain the very essence of progress, and will admit of both growth and expansion of method. With the widening of thought, the deepening of wisdom, and the expanding of truth-loving souls, religion, which may be summed up in love—love to God and humanity—should keep pace. Conserve, then, all the good that the fathers and mothers gave; but add ye more good thereto, and thus as the apostle commanded—'grow in grace.' 'VII. Looking down upon the world to-day, with its vices; its cloaked contaminations and its polluting virus poisoning the infantile fountains of society, I see the greatest necessity for the most rigid chastity— yea, more, for true celibacy, which is the equivalent of positive purity. Virgin celibacy is as natural to the spiritual, as is polygamy to the animal plane of life. I see pressing requirements for a complete change in the tide of human nature—a change from profligacy, indulgence, and deep-seated worldliness, to the sternest self-denial and virtue. So long as the marriage-beds of earth are the hot-beds of lust, so long will prisons frown, nations fight, the earth mourn, and the ingathering to Zion be stayed. Considering the weakness of human nature, it cannot rest safely half way. To taste is to drain the cup—to drain the cup is to die. Therefore, my words to the world are, handle not—touch not that which defileth; but practice chastity in its most godly sense, ye who are of the world; and ye, oh ye, who have risen into Christ, practice virgin celibacy not only in deed, but hi word and thought. The difference, between spirits and angels, is that the latter are pure. We have here in our angel-world of peace a home—a Mothers' as well as a Fathers' home, where we enjoy all things in common. And we thus enjoy, because we are unselfish; because we love one another; because our life is pure, and because our souls are united together in the spiritual bonds of fellowship and holy affection. 'VIII. There are prophecies almost innumerable that foretell the coming brotherhood and sisterhood of humanity. All pure ideals are ultimately attained; and, by the means of prayer, will-power and work. From the most primitive conditions of the races to the present, the growth has been towards this blessed consummation. Then work ye well; yea, labor diligently, for the time shall come as the fruit of your labors, with the additional labors of heavenly teachers when humanity shall have no despots, no kings, no rulers, no cities, no subjects; for it shall have become one vast community, under the united government of wisdom and love. 'IX. Yea; I am aware of Bruno's existence; of the martyrdom he suffered in Rome, and the extensive influence he exerts in his heavenly home of love. 'X. There are many things that I would like to say to the inhabitants of earth—and especially to the loving brothers and sisters who in private and in public assemblies name my name. Let me admonish them to perseverance—to patience under trials—to continue instant in prayer, and to give little heed to familiar spirits, who while really of the world, stand behind a screen and delight in much speaking. Though spirits, their spirit-world is the earth-plane of existence. And every communication purporting to come from me that would loosen moral obligation, or lower the standard of personal purity, is from the adversary. The beloved apostle well said—'believe not every spirit; but try the spirits.' Permit me to further say, what has been often said, yet too little heeded by the world—that freedom is the natural result of virtue, love and harmony, guided and controlled by wisdom. All true finite freedom is within the limits of divine law; and obedience to law must precede the ripening of the soul. God is infinitely free because infinitely pure. That which worldly men call freedom, meaning the full exercise of the propensities without restraint, is the deepest and most deadening form of slavery. Such putrid waters drown the soul, and such teachings drag it to perdition. Envy, jealousy, lust and kindred passions, are not to be modified and regulated, as some blind teachers have taught; they are to be extirpated, annihilated! Freedom, based upon obedience, and practical godliness, with the exercise of prayer) brings the soul into communion with the Christ-angels. And these often draw near to you in your devotions, and shed upon you their sweet and heavenly influences. The prayed-for increase will come—the invisible forces of heaven are at work— there is a leavening power going on in the widespread field of humanity—the darkness is breaking— and the long, tearful serving shall surely bring golden sheaves to Zion. And then, the fullness of times having come, shall the church, humble in victory, become the glory of our God. To the families, and all true, unselfish workers on earth, I say, God bless you—let your light shine—continue faithful—be forgiving— love one another with the love that angels know. And, oh, my children in Zion, think of the depths of a mother's love—listen to her voice of admonition—pray in your times of labor for the presence of heavenly hosts sing with the spirit and with the understanding—worship, in song and speech, in march and dance, with enthusiasm. Shake away all vain worldliness, struggle to conquer the apathy and selfishness of yourselves— 84: THE SHAKER. 85 strive to be living stones of crystal whiteness in the temple of God, and fruitful branches upon that vine of which Christ is the root. I know your trials and your tribulations. They are trifling compared to the sufferings and martyrdom of the 144,000 seen in the Revelator's vision. Numbers do not constitute strength. Jesus trod the wine-press alone. Be patient, then;—drink from the fountain that quenched the thirst of prophets and apostles—abide by the law and the testimony—walk humbly, trustingly by the still waters—yea, walk and worship in the beauty of holiness—walk, too, in the ways of simplicity, and keep the faith, till the harvesters, the Christ-angels of the resurrection, put upon your heads crowns of life, into your hands palms of victory, and upon your spiritual bodies robes of purity, preparatory to a glorious and victorious entrance into the blessed and peaceful home of immortality.' Thus ends the message. If true in the past it is equally true in the present, that, 'without a vision the people perish.' Visions, trances, prophecies, spiritual gifts and seasons of worship are all helps to higher spiritual attainments. I believe this communication in the form of answers to my questions, to have emanated mediately from Ann Lee, the blacksmith's daughter, the Christ-appointed Mother! But the very fact of mediations, and fallible channels, implies modification and non-infallibility. Accordingly all communications and revelations necessarily partake of individual idiosyncracies. The Indian chief said of the interpreter, 'His much words no just give my meaning—blow through onion stalk, breath smell onion 'tother end.' Though the Indian's dialect was rough, and his illustration homely, nevertheless it contained a very practical idea. In conclusion, I have to say that in this matter I sought to be a faithful amanuensis, taking down the sentences as they dropped from the medium's lips. Mother Ann's words to me personally, while piercing as a two-edged sword, were both encouraging and beautiful. She is certainly an exalted and holy angel of love with the Christ-principle of purity. J. M. Peebles. Point de Galle, Isle of Ceylon, August 2, 1877