GOD [The following beautiful poem is from the Russian Anthology, and was written by the celebrated Derzhavin. This poem is said to have been translated into Japanese, by order of the Emperor, and is hung up, embroidered in gold, in the temple of Jeddo. It has also been translated into the Chinese and Tartar languages, written on a piece of rich silk, and suspended in the Imperial Palace atPebin. It is a noble composition, worthy of these honors.] O thou Eternal one ! whose presence bright All space doth occupy—all motions guide; Unchang'd through Time's all devastating flight— Thou only God! There is no God beside— Being above all beings ! Mighty one ! Whom none can comprehend and none explore: Who fillest existence with Thyself alone, Embracing all—supporting—ruling o'er— Being whom we call God—and know no more! In all its sublime research, Philosophy May measure out the ocean deep—may count The sands, or the sun's rays—but God, for Thee There is no weight nor measure; none can mount Up to thy mysteries. Reason's brightest spark, Though kindled by thy light, in vain would try To trace thy counsels, infinite and dark; And thought is lost ere thought can soar so high, Even like past moments in eternity. Thou from primeval nothingness didst call First, chaos; then existence—Lord on Thee Eternity had its foundation ; all Sprung forth from Thee—of light, joy, harmony, Sole origin—all, all beauty Thine ; Thy word created all, and doth create; Thy splendor fills all space with rays divine, Thou art, thou wert, and shalt be glorious ! great! Life-giving, life-sustaining Potentate! Thy chains the unmeasur'd universe surround ; Upheld by Thee, by Thee inspired with breath! Thou the beginning with the end hast bound, And beautifully mingled life with death ! As sparks mount upward from the fiery blaze, So suns ai-e born, so worlds spring forth from Thee! And as the spangles in the sunny rays Shine round the silver snow, the pageantry Of Heaven's bright army glitters in thy praise. A million torches lighted by Thy hand, Wander unwearied through the blue abyss; They own Thy power, accomplish Thy command, All gay with life, all eloquent with bliss. What shall we call them? Piles of crystal light! A glorious company of golden streams! Lamps of celestial ether burning bright? Suns lighting systems with their joyous beams? But Thou to these art as the moon to night. Yes, as a drop of water in the sea; All this magnificence to Thee is lost! What are ten thousand worlds compared to Thee? And what am I then? Heaven's numbered host, Though multiplied by millions and arrayed In all the glory of sublimest thought, Is but an atom in the balance; weighed Against thy greatness—is a cypher brought Against infinity! WhatamI, then?—Naught. Naught!—but the efHuente of Thy light divine, Pervading worlds, hath reached my bosom, too; Yes, in my spirit doth Thy spirit shine. So shines the sun-beam in a drop of dew. Naught! but I live, and on hope's pinions % Eager toward Thy presence; for in Thee I live, I breathe, I dwell; aspiring high, Even to the throne of Thy divinity; I am, O God ! and surely Thou must be ! Thou art! directing, guiding all, Thou art! Direct my understanding then to Thee; Control ray spirit, guide my wandering heart Though but an atom 'midst immensity, Still I am something fashioned by Thy hand ! I hold a middle rank 'twixt heaven and earth, On the last verge of mortal being stand, Close to realms where angels have their birth, Just on the boundaries of the spirit land!