HOME TOPICS A stable is not complete unless... A stable is not complete unless ft) the a- imals may be safely fastened in a way not uncomfortable to them ; (2) unless the animals can be kept dry and clean; (3) unless it is light; and (4) unless one can pass through without coming in contact with the occupants and without soiling shoes and clothing—four important requisites, not expensive, but within the reach of every one who builds a stable. Detroit Tribune To insects we owe wax and honey, silks and precious dyes... To insects we owe wax and honey, silks and precious dyes, valuable medicines, food for birds and many other animals, the fertilization and increase of plants necessary for the subsistence of many creatures, and thus, indirectly, for the preservation of man. In short, the human species, wholly deprived of j the services of insects, would fade from the face of our planet. So the husbandman has only to make the best of it, by learning to distinguish between his friends and his foes, and how to assist the beneficent operations of Nature in encouraging the former and checking the latter. Boston Journal of Chemistry The toad as an insect destroyer is becoming quite popular in Europe... The toad as an insect destroyer is becoming quite popular in Europe. Once a week a 'toad market' is held regularly in Paris, to which these little animals are brought, carefully assorted, according to their strength and size, and packed by the hundred in baskets of damp moss. The market is never overstocked, and those of moderate size find ready purchasers at prices ranging from seventy-five to eighty francs per hundred. The majority of them are bought up for the use of English market gardens, and it is stated that orders' are on hand for the purchase, at those rates. l of every basketful that realities the market. Beautiful white finish A beautiful finish may be given to parlors or extra work ; in houses, by mixing zinc white in white dammar varnish, of commerce. This forms the china gloss