Christian Culture. No. 7 WM. H. BUSSELL INDIVIDUALISM.----SOCIALISM. Nature has done much for man individually, but much more for him as a social being. In the Christian economy, which is neither more nor less than nature carrying her own work on to perfection, the individual is always regarded as forming part of a united whole, but yet a necessary part of the whole, his individuality being as clearly recognized as that of the link in the chain, or pillar, beam or brace in the building. The individual may be complete in himself as such, but in his union to the whole by the spirit of divine love, a far grander and more beautiful effect is produced than can be when detached from it. The individual statues and spires of the Milan cathedral may each claim the admiration of the beholder ; but only the entire view can charm both heart and eye. It is this alone that makes the 'thing of beauty a joy forever.' It is just so with beautiful landscapes. The poet Lamartine, after viewing one of these, might well exclaim, ' If there is so much to see, to admire and be delighted with in a single little corner of nature, what will it be when the curtain of worlds shall be raised, and we shall contemplate forever the admirable whole ?' In association—Christian association above all—there must be mutual benefits and advantages, or else the association is valueless. The character of each member must be so molded and formed that every other shall be benefited, and the whole body become indissolubly united. This will ultimately be the state of the Christian church ; it must be so measurably in the beginning of every association assuming that name. For the individual disciple the Master has prescribed a rule that admits of no exceptions — ' Deny thyself; take thy cross and follow me.' For the disciples as a whole—' Love one another.' Christian love is the necessary result of Christian self-denial; it flows from its divine source just as readily and freely as water from the mountain when the way is opened for them to irrigate the meadows of the valley. Mutual con- 82 THE SHAKER. cession is not the Christian law, for there should be nothing to concede. The right eye is not to be literally plucked out, nor the right hand to be cut off; but all disease, whether physical, mental or moral, must be eradicated, or else the individual himself will suffer from it, and the whole body, in its measure, be affected. This is the sacrifice to be laid on the altar to be utterly consumed by fire ; but ' every good gift and every perfect gift is from above,' and these are to constitute the Christian's life. There can be no concession of right in any Christian association, as these are inalienable; no one having any liberty to concede them, nor any one authority to demand or enjoin this concession. There cannot be a right to what is evil —a vicious propensity, a passionate temper, indolence, self-indulgence, envy, hatred, nor whatever is injurious to the individual nor the community. These are to be abandoned forever by each one, as obstacles to all true association, so that when a union is formed, all may enter upon a fuller enjoyment of their natural rights than any state of isolation can possibly afford. There have been many attempts at association, for the sake of a better life than ordinary society exhibits ; some of them apparently successful for a while, but finally failing, for the sole lack of harmony. This may arise from various causes—from stringent or despotic measures on the part of those who seek a controlling influence, or from the selfindulgent habits of many or the most of those who make up the community. An association of those who are governed by Christian love will be permanent, though they may be destitute of wealth in the commencement. This may be soon accumulated, both of the material and intellectual sort. But of what avail are paper constitutions and by-laws where that is wanting? The person who is destitute of it might as well sign his name to them with water; it would be no more effectually null. It is not meant, of course, that in the formation and earlier years of a Christian community everything works with the smoothness that is experienced when ripe habits are fixed ; yet the Christian edifice will, from its very foundation, be Christian, and nothing else, just so long as Christian principles form its life. And this is reasonably to be expected ; for if a tree, a shrub, a plant, will grow when put into congenial soil, and properly nurtured; if a building when placed upon a solid foundation, and all its parts put together with the necessary care, will stand the requisite number of years, much more will that which is established by the eternal Architect continue permanent, when everything required by him is complied with by those who are the workers upon it. These workers are to be a continuous body, not merely in the original establishment, but for all further improvements. They may enlarge, strengthen and beatitify; whatever can add to its convenience, elegance or splendor, they are at liberty to furnish; it is to be built up a durable habitation of righteousness ; 'a house eternal in the heavens.'