Dr. E P. Miller is an author of very worthy us a work of over a Vital Force: Hoiv note. We have before hundred pages upon ' Wasted and hew Preserved.' Also, two minor works; one by the Dr. upon 'A Father's Advice,' a book for every boy ; and one by his lady, 'A Mother's Advice,' a book for every girl. These are valuable treatises upon very important subjects to the young and lovers of young people. Address the authors, 41 W. 26th street, New York. The True Citizen : is a monthly, published by The New York Mercantile Journal Co., P. O. box 1919, New York. It is filled with a useful miscellany of mercantile, political and domestic intelligence, and is conducted with excellent ability. It is the largest, most replete monthly of general intelligence published for one dollar. Woman's Words : A monthly, published at Philadelphia. Pa., No. 625 Walnut street. Its the sex is doing,' and is in all respects a woman's paper. It is neatly printed, ably edited by Lady Juan Lewis, and will assuredly make its feminine influence felt, in all the noble reforms of our day. One of the neatest pamphlets published, giving cuts and explanations of The Improvei7 Shaker '.'Vashing MJchine, with most worthy testimonials of its superior value over all others, is being circulated bv our friends of Shaker Village, N. H. It is certainly the ncplus ultra in machinery. ' Dancing as an Amusement.' Published by Tiballs &amp; Sons, New York.—The writer of this little work is worthy of extensive praise for so reasonably bringing into disrepute the common and popular rage of professing Christians for balls, dances at parties, etc. That such dancing is detrimental to the morals of those who engage in them, stirring up the sexual passions irreligiously, who can dispute? The writer calls the attention of linguists to the translations of what is denominated 'dancing' in the Bible. He seems to admit the propriety of the religious dance ; and thinks each sex dancing by itself would soon cure the passion for balls. Price only 50 cents. ' One Thousand Mistakes Corrected.'—All our young people ought to have constant access to the pages of this beautiful volume. Corrections of the commonest, every-day errors are herein made, in such a pleasant, simple manner, that we find it a real friend indeed. It is worth, to any one anxious to learn to speak and write correctly, many dollars; yet its price is only one dollar! When we think, that with all the increase of schools, there is an apparent increase of slang, vulgarisms, as well as badly-pronounced words, we may all 'rise up and call blessed' the two professors, Larrabee and Buttz, who have prepared this work. Published by N. Tiballs &amp; Sons, 37 Park Row, New York.