ST. PAUL'S PERMISSIONS RUSSELL HASKELL The apostle Paul in some cases advised certain characters to marry, as a protection against gross evils. His advice and permissions were in accordance with the decision of the apostles and elders in Jerusalem, given when a distinction was made between Jewish and Gentile believers ; which someyears afterwards was abolished ; but not till after the destruction of the temple and city of Jerusalem. Soon after that event, many Gentiles, who were determined on having eternal life, gathered in among the Jewish believers, and united with them in following the good Shepherd's voice. As Jesus said. '•Other sheep I have, which are not oi this fold. Them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice, and there shall be one fold and one Shepherd.' If the apostle had intimated that living in certain unchristian indulgences which he permitted, would make them heirs of eternal life, he would have corrupted the gospel; but he did no such thing. For he said, ' Be not deceived ; God is not mocked ; for what a man soweth, that shall he also reap. He that soweth to the flesh, shall of his flesh reap corruption : But he that soweth to the spirit, shall of the spirit reap life everlasting.' Sowing to the spirit is serving the spirit; bearing the cross, and following Christ in the regeneration ; and the end is life and peace everlasting. But lest some should make a mistake, thinking they might at the same time serve the spirit and the flesh, he says, 'They are contrary one to the other ; so that ye cannot do the things that ye would.' That ''the carnal mind is enmity against God.' Had he stated that the carnal mind is at enmity, the sense of the expression would have been obscure ; for in that case a reconciliation might possibly take place ; but it is enmity itself; and of course never can be reconciled. Yet, to be still more plain, and to put the matter, if possible, beyond all dispute, Paul says, ' They that are Christ's have crucified the flesh, wTith the affections and lusts.' His permissions of indulgence for the time being, were- not intended for those who had received the faith of the Son of God, which was to walk as he walked. This faith he did not permit them e to cast off'; but said, ' Walk in the spirit, and ye will not fulfill the lusts o t. the flesh.' Nay, they were not intend ed for those who were looking heaven vard, and seeking eternal life. A conirmation of this is not only found by a general and connected view of the apostle's writings on the subject, but also by an amended translation of the first and second verses of Cor. 7. The learned inform us that the word man in the second verse is not the same word that is so translated in the first verse ; the former signifying man looking upward, and the latter, man looking downward. Therefore the true sense of the original may be expressed as follows : It is good for a man looking z^pward, not to touch a wife. But because of the fornications among you. let every man looking downward, have his own wife, and every woman of like character, her own husband. ' I could not write unto you as unto spiritual.' Had he considered them as being Christians, those who sowed to the spirit, following him as he followed Christ, he would have found no difficulty in writing to them as unto spiritual ; even as unto those who were not in need of being fed with milk. However, those who would give heed to the apostles' counsel and warning, even if of the weaker class, experienced a degree of reformation ; being saved from fighting with carnal weapons, from lewdness, from lying, from theft and robbery, or from those debasing, heathenish practices which were contrary to the moral law, which would sink them far below the uncorrupted order of nature. Such were held in a measure of relation to those who were spiritual, and were permitted to unite with them in worship for a season. And all who in an outward sense renounced idolatry, and professed to believe that Jesus was the true Messiah, were, by their heathen neighbors, called christians, whether they w7ere deserving the name or not. Soon after the days of the apostles, Cerdon and Marcion, who were considered leaders among the people, formed societies that did not admit of marriage. They strove to adhere to original Christianity by living a virgin life— a life of true self-denial. The apostle Paul, after showing to his people the way of the cross, and also the opposite, with the results of each, left them to choose for themselves. As if he hac said, Will you serve the spirit, and reap life and peace everlasting? or will you serve the flesh, and reap corruption and death? For if ye live after the flesh, ye will die to the spirit. Therefore choose life, I beseech you, by following me even as I follow Christ. The profession of Christianity, in connection with the life of a worldling, is indeed a great inconsistency. Therefore they who do not forsake the earthly order, ought not, by any means, to call themselves Christians. Jesus did not claim them as such, but styled them the children of this world. 'All men cannot receive this saying,' (that it is not good to marry.) 'save them to whom it is given. He that is able to receive it, let him receive it,' 'Whoever there be of you that forsakes not all that he hath, he cannot be my disciple.' 'The children of this world' (not Christians,) 'marry and are given in marriage:' but Christians ' neither marry nor are given in marriage, but are the children of God, being the childi'en of the resurrection.' Here, the children of this world are put in contrast with the children of the resurrection, who are in reality Christians, or followers of Christ. In the first appearing of the Christ, which was the third dispensation of God'.s grace, the waters of divine spirituality were only to the loins, as represented in Ezekiel's vision. Accordingly, the weaker class among the Gentile believers, who wTere not strong enough to swim in these waters, might wade ; living a married life under certain restrictions ; abstaining from wantonness or the unfruitful works of darkness. But the second appearance of the Christ was to a Gentile nation and in a female Messiah. This was in order. For in all the works of God there is a unity of design, and harmonious relationship, from beginning to end. First the Jews, who were God's covenant people, were chosen to take the lead. Next in the order of his work were the Gentiles, who were destined, in a subordinate capacity, to render assistance to the Jews. First the man, and after that, the woman. And by this spiritual woman, prophetically styled the Queen, the gospel was manifested in all its pristine purity. And the fullness of that redemption which had been wrought in him, could be administered and take effect throughout the body of the faithful; beginning on earth to be completed in eternity, or beginning in eternity with them who had not previously been called. This could not be effected in the first gospel day ; because the visible headship was incomplete, existing only in the line of the male. In the fourth and last flowing of the holy waters, which Ezekiel saw, they had risen to an unfordable river, 'waters to swim in.' Consequently, in this last dispensation of the gospel, there must be a complete separation between the earthly and spiritual elements, and souls must be borne up, by the holy waters of life, above the control of earthly attractions; so that not even marriage under any restrictions can have place. For the life of Christ in his people is to them the end of the world. And Jesus said, 'This gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world, for a witness to all nations, and then shall the end come.' Although none are Christians, only s those who follow Christ in the regen- crating life of the spirit, yet there are / others who may be denominatedFRiENDS 1 to the Christian cause. All who are t seeking to honor God by fearing him aland doing his will in the earthly or out-1 ward order, and who are not as yet t|called of God, by the operation of his 1 spirit upon their souls, to enter into the e strait and narrow path that leads to life e eternal; will experience the blessing of THE SHAKER. divine providence for their virtuous course, in obeying their highest light, and will not be far from the kingdom of heaven. We, however, believe that the everlasting gospel of Christ, which will finally redeem the soul, not only from all sin, but also from its nature and effects, will, in God's own time, be preached to every human creature either in time or eternity And every one will yet be convinced by the convicting power of the spirit, that it is the true and saving gospel of Christ's second appearing. And all those who. will give heed to its merciful call, by the confession and repentance of every known sin, and by consecrating themselves to the service of God forever, will be secured in his heavenly garner. Enfield, Conn.