SHAKER INVENTIONS In his history of Watervliet Shakers, our valued correspondent—Elder D. A. Buckingham—related several valuable inventions that originated among our people. It seems to have attracted considerable attention from the general Press; and led us to inquire whether the list of inventions was complete. By a little inquiry, we have learned, that ten years before the appliance of the screw propeller system of navigation, it was put into operation by one Thomas Wells, of Watervliet, now Shakers, N. Y. That the first matching of boards and plank by machinery in this country, was enacted at Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., by Henry Bennett and Amos Bishop, in 1S1 ^—they using vertical rollers to hold the lumber straight, and ropes and windlass to propel the same over circular saws—first making the groove, then the tongue. In 1828, Woodworth invented the now common and improved system. Webster, in his Dictionary, says that ' Babbitt-metal was named after the inventor.' This is untrue ; for it was the invention of Daniel N. Baird, of North Union Shakers, Ohio. A few years since, certain parties had suits in the courts ror infringements ; and we remember Bro. Daniel N. Baird to have been subpoenaed as a witness, wherein his claim as the inventor of ' Babbitt-metal' was established. He was also the originator of the rotary, or revolving harrow, although it was patented by another, after seeing the one of Baird's. At South Union, Ky., Sanford J. Russell has invented and patented a sash balance, by which one sash is made to balance the other, without the usual cords, pulleys, etc. Hie Scientific American says of it additionally: 'The best ventilator known, moved at the touch, and for fifteen cents additional cost, may be locked at any desired point.' M. B. Carter, formerly of Whitewater Village, but now, we believe, of Union Village, O., invented a very ingenious governor for over-shot water-wheels. And, if we mistake not, an improved wind-mill was invented by one of the Canterbury brethren. A most beautiful folding stereoscope was, a few years ago, invented, and, we believe, patent applied for, by Nelson Chase, of Enfield, N. H., Society. By those who have seen this latter invention, it is pronounced unequaled for beauty and convenience. We recall the skill of Bro. G. M. Wickersham, as applied to a summer covering for a sad-iron stove, by which, the hotter the fire, the cooler the room ! We met Sewell G. Thayer in New York, getting a patent on a stove-cover lifter, which lifter was kept always on hand, always in one place when not being used, and finding and keeping its own place, regardless of careless heads ! This was a North Union invention. The first one-horse wagon was introduced to the world of travelers by Enfield. Conn., brethren. Let every one using the single vehicle, render due credit. Previous to horse-collars, pads, under the hames of harnesses, were used. These were invented by Henry Bennett, of Shakers, N. Y. And we will close the list of special inventions by naming cut nails; they being the invention of a party at Shakers, N. Y. ; which assertion we are abundantly able to justify, having some of the original machinery on hand at present time. We might mention, with exceedingly large credit, the valuable and indispensable machinery invented and manufactured by Elders D. Boler and D. Crosman, for splint-making, basketworking, and box-cutting apparatus, at Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. And still the list is incomplete. Shaker minds tend to the inventive, moral and spiritual. Other inventions will follow. Personal modesty forbids our saying much of a prospective one, which may stir the entire world of letters. We will be patient. But we ask, where, among a congregation of so few people, more needful inventions, or those more valuable to humanity generally, have found an outlet?