Epitomic History of the Watervliet Shakers. No. 7 D. A. BUCKINGHAM CONCERNING DRESS : WITH CLOSING REMARKS. Do people commonly change their costumes of dress with a view of improving upon the past, making the new more convenient, plain and simple? We could hardly judge this to be the case, when viewing their grotesque appearances. Novelty and gorgeous display predominate over consistency—the rich seeking to outshine their neighbors and the poorer classes, by appearing in garbs which none but they can well afford. These changes are, manytimes, from bad to worse, and of a very extravagant nature. The Shakers do not consider it wise, nor in any degree profitable, for them to compete with the general world in this. They have no desire to make that gaudy appearance, nor outward adornment of their persons, that many people seem to have. We choose to be clad decently, comfortably, in a manner consistent with reason and good economy. Uniformity of appearance in all things, is what is aimed at. None rich, and none poor; all fare and share alike, consistent with needs and circumstances. The world of mankind everywhere needs more of this leveling sys tern, to bring it right,—greater equality in all things needful, that the many, as well as the few, may enjoy life. Man, in cultivating the soil economically, has recourse to the leveling process, taking from the hills to raise the valleys, and both thereby become improved. So, also, in the construction of railroads, canals, and other important improvements for the country'sgood, it is found necessary to cut through or under mountains, and in some way to cause the high lands to aid in the accomplishment of a level. Why not then, the wealthy, in like manner, assist the needy, raise the destitute and degraded out of their sloughs of woe ; and thereby lessen the evils that now exist in society? Cause the naked to be clothed, the hungry to be fed, the homeless to be cared for, and the sick and infirm to feel the sympathy of generous hands. If the people of this enlightened country and Christian age are not prepared to adopt the apostolic mode of living—community of interests,—holding all things in common let them approximate thereunto as near as practicable. We, as Shakers, are enjoying, in a good measure, the benefits of the leveling system of living; not yet attained to its fullness, but are progressing. We would be glad to see thousands and tens of thousands engaged in the good cause, and thus bring on the earth ' peace and good will.' When the Shakers have adopted any particular fashion of dress, and have arriven at some suitable uniformity, they do not like to depart from that uniformity. Nevertheless, when we have become convinced that a change is necessary, and that we should be benefited by making it, and such change has the general approbation of the members of our community, we then move cordially into it; not for display of outward appearance, but for comfort and profit, all the members participating. In the first establishment of the Shaker institution, they then adopted the same kind of dress made use of by the common people, and have constantly adhered to the same, with some trifling deviations, until of late years. We are now passing through a change, both in the color of our garments and the manner of cutting and making them. Consequently, we do not appear at present so uniformly clad ; but eventually shall become more so. We are not so superstitious in our notions, nor set in our views, that we cannot alter when we have become sensible that such change will affect us for good. Progression is one of the prominent points of our religious faith, and we endeavor to make it manifest in things spiritual and temporal. In some things of a business nature, we have been too anxious to move ahead, and have suffered loss by so doing. Some societies have entered into the factory business, without very piT&gt;fitable results. The banking business, so far as it was engaged in, proved a failure. Flouring mills, on any considerable scale, instead of finding them adapted to our conditions, have generally proved the reverse. It seems not proper for Believers to be over-anxious about the things of this life—' laying up treasures on earth'—to the detriment of their spiritual travel ; but to let each have its proper bearing, 'seeking first of all the kingdom of heaven.' This has been the counsel of our worthy predecessors, and we must respond thereto in heart and hand. In closing this, the last of a series of numbers which have appeared in The Shaker under the general head of 'Epitomic History of the Watervliet Shakers,' the writer would here politely remark, by way of apology, that he has been induced to give the brief statements of matters, in confutation of many current reports of unfriendly persons, who seemed to take pleasure in misrepresenting the people called '¦Shakers,' as being ' ignorant, superstitious and unprogressive—far, far behind the age in which they live.' From such remarks, to him seeming so untrue, he was led to investigate more fully for himself, by comparing and contrasting the present enterprising and flourishing condition of the Society, with that of the past, even irom its commencement. Being in possession of records showing the early rise and progress of the Watervliet Shakers, together with his own personal knowledge and experience of nearly sixty years' membership thereof, he has been enabled to state, fairly and truthfully, the facts presented. It is true, the Shakers have been under the necessity of moving cautiously, guarding: on all sides against the evils of the world, both from without and within ; temporally, morally and spiritually. Having fully tested the groimd over which they have traveled, they are now ready and willing to declare to the world what the work has done for them as a people ; and leave it for others to judge of what it may yet do for as many of humanity as are willing, truly and sincerely, to progress therein. To accumulate wealth has not been the prevailing motive and object of the Shaker institution ; but to work out the great social and spiritual problems of 'community life'—of people dwelling together in peace and harmony, in united capacity, having all things in common. In taking this step, Believers have found it necessary to do as did the original, apostolic Christian church, —seeking to become clad in all heavenlv graces, that adorn the true Christian character, — actually commencing the angel life while here on earth. Jesus, the Christ, taught his disciples to pray : ' Thv kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven.' To bring about this good state of things, we must not onty ftray, but work— work daily, and in earnest. Cures for household pests.—Rats are said to have such a dislike to potash, that if it is powdered and scattered around their haunts they will leave them. A piece of rag well soaked in a strong solution of cavenne is a capital thing to put into rat or mice holes, as they will not attempt to eat it. A plug oi wood covered with a piece of flannel so prepared may be used to fill up the holes. Cockroaches and ants have a similar dislike to cayenne, and a little strewed about the cellai will keep it clear of them. Abuse, like other poison, when administered in too strong a dose is thrown off by the intended victims, and often relieves where it was meant to destroy.