THE CHILDREN'S GROTTO My dear Children: I have a few good words to say to you... My dear Children : I have a few good words to say to you, in this, the last paper of the year 1877. When next we meet for counsel, it will be under vei-3' improved conditions. I want to suggest to each of you, the good idea of saving a copy of every number of The Shakee, keeping it nice, untorn, unsoiled in all its parts; and at the end of the year, binding, or having them bound for you, making you a very valuable book. I am aware you love the music; that you sometimes have cut the music out to put into other books; nor you alone—some ' children of larger growth'—men and women have done this—but there will be 110 inconvenience of form, hereafter to be contended with. I would have you, dear children, study the beautiful in all around you—the beautiful in language, form, behavior: and to be most agreeable to those you know or believe to be better than you are. Remember to love the good in every one; for by truly loving this good, we will surely grow and become like unto that which we love. Who say they love Jesus, a:;d do not grow more and more like him, are mistaken, in that they think they love him. —Editor. My dear young Friends : In our little messenger, ' The Shakes,' I have noticed with pleasure the' Children's Grotto;' in which you have been occasionally addressed by some kind friend, who has endeavored to impart something useful for you to learn and practice. I say kind friend, because he would not have noticed you thus, were it not that he loved you, and wished to make you wiser, better and more happy. It has been very truly remarked, that ' To be good is to be happy;' because to enjoy abiding happiness we must become virtuous. You see, there are different degrees of goodness, as good, better, BEST. Strive to attain the highest degree. Some of you may ask : ' What shall I do to attain it?' I answer, you must simply do right in all things; and to do right is to do as well as one knows. As you increase in knowledge, so you may grow in goodness. All children have not the same opportunities to receive instruction. Some have more, some less. To become good, dear young friends, you must ue truthful, honest, obedient, peaceable, kind and dutiful. Some children incline to become mischievous, and take pleasure in doing naughty tricks. Some learn to curse and swear, lie, steal and fight. Those are very wrong; degrading to your nature! If you do wrong, and are sensible of it, you should confess it to your parents or eiders, and strive in future to do better. You don't want—not one of you—to grow up to be like an ugly Thistle, piercing everybody's heart or fingers! You must aspire, dear children, to become intelligent, respectful and obliging; then you will rise in the estimation of all good, honest people. I don't know of any harm in children being playsome—full of frolic and life, at proper seasons; but you need not be tumultuous, malicious nor quarrelsome at any time. The little lambs of the fields, play and gambol in the green pastures. Did you never notice how they skip about, and run from hill to dale, and from hill to hill? I presume, you have. How very harmless they appear! I don't think you ever saw two lambkins tight. I never did, and I am now more than ' Three score and ten' years old. Then why should children contend, and strive to hurt each other? I well remember, when I was a small boy, living in my father's family, that when lie was about to slay a calf or lambkin, to obtain fresh meat, I would try to be present. When taking out the tongue of the innocent creature, my father used to call to me, saying, 'Here, my child, is a tongue thai never told a Ue.' This would immediately set me to thinking, if mine was as innocent of that fault, as many others. Now, if you wish to have people love you, and speak well of you, you must be good children. You can be so, if you will. ' Where there is a will, there is a wray.' Your friends are all looking forward with anxious expectations to see what you will grow up to be, whether virtuous youth, honest, upright men and women—brothers and sisters in Christ—or otherwise. Oh! how it makes their hearts ache to see you pursue a wrong course! Yea, it causes even the angels to weep! For all that love you, desire your prosperity. And now, my children dear, I'll stop my musings here; Wipe from my eyes, a tear, And pray for you. In heaven I hope to meet You all in union sweet; Walk there the golden street In friendship true. D. A. Buckingham. Shakers, N. Y. Advice to boys ADVICE TO BOYS. Whatever you are, be brave, boys! The liar's a coward and slave, boys; Though clever at ruses And sharp at excuses, He's a sneaking and pitiful knave, boys! Whatever you are, be frank, boys! 'Pis better than money and rank, boys; Still cleave to the right, Be lovers of light, Be open, aboveboard, and frank, boy*! Whatever you are, be kind, boys! Be gentle in manners and mind, boys; The man gentle in mien, Words, and temper, I ween, Is the gentleman truly refined, boys! But, whatever you are, be true, 'boys! Be visible through and through, boys; Leave toothers the shamming, The 'greening' and 'cramming,' In fun and in earnest, be true, boys! Leisure Hour. BOYS' RIGHTS I wonder now if any one In this broad land has heard, In favor of down-trodden boys One solitary wore ? We hear enough of 'women's rights,' And 'rights of working men,' Of 'equal rights,' and 'nation's rights,' But pray just tell us when Boys' rights were ever spoken of? Why we've become so used To being snubbed by every one, And slighted and abused, That when one is polite to us, We open wide our eyes, And stretch them in astonishment To nearly twice their size! Boys seldom dare to ask their Mends To venture ia the house! It don't come natural at all To creep round like a mouse. And if we should forget ourselves And make a little noise! Then ma or auntie sure would say, 'Oh, my! those dreadful boys.' The girls bang on the piano, In peace, but if the boys Attempt a tune with fife and drum, It's 'Stop that horrid noise!' 'That horrid noise!' just think of it; When sister never fails To make a noise three times as bad With everlasting 'scales.' Insulted thus, we lose no time In beating a retreat; So off we go to romp and tear, And scamper in the street. No wonder that so many boys Such wicked men become, 'Twere better far to let them have Their games and play at home. Perhaps that text the teacher quotes Sometimes—'Train up a child'— Means only train the girls, And let the boys run wild. But patience, and the time shall come When we will all be men, And when it does, I rather think Wrongs will be made light then. RULES FOR GENERAL DEPORTMENT OF THE YOUNG ' 'Be kindly affeetioned one toward another.' Always give place to age. It should command respect at home and abroad. Use no language in conversation that yon would be unwilling to have reported before your friends. Always consider yourself in company that you may have but one set of manners to cultivate, and those should be, true politeness. Affectation arises from vanity, and should have no place in the deportment of those who wish to become honorable members of society. Cultivation of the mind is as essential as food for the body. Ignorance and sin are closely conjoined. Be as careful in your selection for reading as in the food you eat. Study to become a blessing to society. Be industrious. Be frugal. Be honest in all your dealings. Be neat. If you would be pure, first be chaste. As the character of every individual will be estimated by an observance of the daily life, rather than by the protestations of innocence, you should always walls circumspectly. A modest reserve in the company of either sex, will always command the respect of the virtuous. Accept with this, my young friends, the prayerful interest of your brother, H. C. Blinn Anger Anger.—Children, be careful that this enemy of your peace does not become master of you. If so, it will govern you with a rod of iron, and drive out of your heart all the peaceful and happy inmates, as love, meekness, kindness, forbearar.ee, mercy and forgiveness. Watch this enemy, and give it a blow while 3roung, that will stop its growth. Never suffer it to triumph over you, and it will do you no harm.