THE PENTATEUCH The first five books of the Bible are called by this name. It was derived from the Greek words, 'penta,' meaning five, and 'teuchos,' a volume, that is, a five-fold volume. Universal and ancient tradition declares this work to have been written by Moses. It was the general custom with the Hebrews to designate any portion of the sacred literature by the first words in them. The first word in Genesis, in Hebrew, is 'Bereshith,' translated, 'In the beginning.' The first book in the Hebrew Bible has no title. The word 'Genesis' was prefixed by those who translated it into Greek. This book contains an account of the creation of the world, and of man, the history of the deluge, and the patriarchs to the death of Joseph, and includes a period of 2135 years. Exodus is so called because it contains an account of the departure of the children of Israel from the land of the Egyptians, to the land of promise ; the term is taken from the Greek word exodos, signifying an exit. The Hebrews call this book Veele Semos/i, the words with which it commences, meaning these are the names. Its history includes a period of 145 years: from the death of Joseph to the erection of the tabernacle in the wilderness. The slavery of the Israelites described in the first chapters, is supposed to have continued 90 years. Leviticus treats of the offices, rites and ceremonies of the priests and Levites under the Jewish law. The Hebrew term is Vl-ylkra, 'and The (the Lord) called,' with which words it commences. Numbers begins and concludes with the numbering of the people. The word Numbers is derived from the Greek of the Septuagint, Aplomol. Its Latin rendering in the Vulgate is Numeric from which the English is derived. The history in'this portion of the Pentateuch extends over about 39 years. In the first nine chapters various orders of people are described, and several laws are given or repeated. From the tenth to the thirty-third, the marches and history of the Hebrews are related. Deuteronomy signifies a second law. This book comprises a series of addresses delivered to the assembled Israelites by Moses, when he knew that he must shortly leave them, and they were upon the eve of departure for the promised land. It contains his appointmi 11; of Joshua to succeed him ; h. be no doubt about the ..' this book, from the fact &gt; : being described there. ably add \ : y Ezra, also, his .'. - I There authenticity •;. of Moses' det in, as it was j. the transcriber. Canterbury.