WAS IT A DREAM? WM. ADLER About a year since, while a resident g of Harvard, Mass., I experienced a very ;. remarkable dream. I seemed to be g walking beside the bank of a beautiful i- river, in an exceedingly straight and i, narrow, but well-worn path. Feeling ,- unusually calm and happy, I prolonged e the walk, admiring, meantime, the s lovely scenery around, when suddenly my attention was arrested by a large 1 number of snakes, which darted across '- my pathway, to my great discomfort ; and alarm. These disagreeable rep- tiles were of every variety of form and ~ size. Anon, some glided into the water 1 near, while others came out, and some - of the most hideous of these confronted - me, and darted toward me their forked 1 tongues. Here, then, was a dilemma, from which I saw no means of escape. ~ To proceed farther was impossible, , though I was very anxious to do so ; - and to go back was equally difficult. r At my right, still sparkled the beautiful ~ river j at my left, a dense forest stood. ) What could I do? Absolutely nothing, ~ but stand still, terrified and bewildered, • unable to move in any direction. At ~ this point, the dream abruptly closed, and I was left to ponder upon its singular character. T However, some six months later, the • same dream recurred again, and with ~. it came what I am inclined to consider an interpretation. For, beside the view of the straight and narrow path, I saw, ~ at the end of the same, a most beautiful I land; and while contemplating this new • feature of the scene, I distinctlv heard I a sweet voice say,' Willial~, take courage j turn not back-neither to the right nor left-but press steadily on, : and you shall dwell with me in the l bright and' beautiful land which you l now behold.' The glorious scene again ; vanished from my view, and I resolved ~ anew to press onward toward perfection. Perhaps I should remark, just here, l that previous to the repetition of the ~ dream, I was becoming somewhat dis- couraged in my attempts to be a real, self-denying Shaker, or christian-synonymous terms-and consequently feeling my way hedged up, decided that I would leave the Shaker church and return to the life of the world. But by the recurrence of the dream, I was made to realize that the disagreeable reptiles only represented how loath-] some are the passions and appetites .of . the careial mind to Him who has risen triumphant over selfishness and sin, and ] I took heart again and recommenced l my journey. Permit me to say, therefore, in con- l elusion, to all my Brethren and' Sisters, ~ who have commence-C!• to travel in this 1 narrow path: Do not mind obstacles, t nor for a moment think of turning back. Let us press steadily on till we reach that bright and beautiful land ; or, more i practically speaking, till we gain that i enviable position for which we should ~ RoH ~spir~l namely: perfection in purity.•t