VULGAR TALK The hopeful student who translated these words of Horace, 'I hate protaneness and vulgarity,' was better posted in ethics than in parsing Latin: for, if he expressed his real sentiment, he (and a great many of him) is badly needed now. The amount of vulgar speech that is to be heard among certain classes of our people is astonishing and humiliating. We do not affirm, we do not believe that the evil is increasing and is greater than in former times ; for one cannot do much looking into the past without coming upon this foulness in prodigious abundance. But, letting alone anjsuch comparison, the mischief is a great one now; greater, doubtless, than most of our readers are aware of. This their ignorance is fortunate and wholesome. It is a restriction upon the plague to keep away from it, and not to know thus what it is. The places and the men infected are not safe for resort or companionship. To hold deliberately aloof from them, besides protecting ourselves, may be also one of the most effective means of putting reproof upon the evil where it exists in others. Occasions will arise, however, upon which a man, in spite of his wishes, will learn something as to this abomination. He must take care at such times not only that he is in no wise pleased with what he hears, but also that he does not seem to be. The admixture, often made, of wit with vulgarity may place one at some disadvantage in this respect, by its provocation to laughter; and there are difficulties here, as everywhere, in drawing the lines of absolute propriety. But, practically and in general, it is not difficult to tell when the point of a story or a remark lies in what is vulgar in it; and in all such cases the treatment is not doubtful. These admixtures, too, are not to be encouraged; and there is wit enough in the world that is not low; or there may be, and we may help, if we please, to make more. Christian men need not be falsely delicate and squeamish ; but they ought to be and must be pure and decent and decorous, and, even if they are cast into low company, they should be able to show in face and bearing that they have not left their honor and decency behind them. We will only add that persons prominent in professional or public life may sometimes constitute very low company, and that in these cases there is at least as much need as in any other that one should take care of his manliness and self-respect. Congregationalist