OLLAPODRIDA An unpleasant sort of arithmetic—Division mong families. It makes a great difference whether glasses re used over or under the nose. The height of impudence—taking refuge rom the rain in an umbrella shop. Ignorance has no light; error follows a alse one. He is the greatest who chooses to do right t all times. He who lives to no purpose lives to a bad purpose. Severity breeds fear, but roughness engenders hate. We may be as good as we please, if wre please to be good. Whoever conquers indolence can conquer most things. Pleasures come like oxen, and go away like post-horses. Reprove thy friend privately, commend him publicly. Vanity is a strong drink that makes all virtues stagger. He that despiseth small things shall fall little by little. Never apologize for a long letter; you only add to its length. Those who know the least of others think the most of themselves. Men sometimes think they hate flattery; but they only hate the manner of it. Never speak evil of any one. Be charitable in thought, and give even the worst people the benefit of a doubt. The cultivation of the heart should be like that of the garden, where we prune and weed before we begin to plant. To neglect at any time preparations for death, is to sleep on our post at a siege; but to omit it in old age is to sleep at an attack. Dupes, indeed, are many; but of all dupes, there is none so fatally situated as he who lives in undue terror of being duped. It is better to need relief than to want the heart to give it. He that finds a thing, steals it if he endeavors not to restore it. If the gossip is not in her own house, she is in somebody's else. To be at once in any great degree loved and praised is truly rare. Greatness may build the tomb, but goodness must make the epitaph. Everywhere endeavor to be useful, and everywhere you will be at home. There is a certain decorum even in grief; for excess of sorrow is as foolish as profuse laughter. It is good to respect ancient foundations, but we are not, on that account, to neglect founding something in our turn. Vanity, like laudanum, and other poisonous medicine, is beneficial in small, though injurious in large quantities. Very few in the world have their passions adequately occupied ; almost everybody has it in them to be better than they are. In this world there is one thing godlike— the essence of all that ever was or ever will be godlike in this world—the veneration of human worth by the hearts of men. To be in company with those we love, satisfies us; it does not signify whether we speak to them or not, whether we think on them or indifferent things; to be near them is all. The King of Austria has 187 diamonds, yet he can't make a wrood-box, put up stovepipes, nor paint the kitchen floor. Josh Billings says: 'Success don't konsist in never making blunders, but never making the same one the seckond time.' THE SHAKER. A Yankee humorist, who had a hard time of it, says : 'When a man begins to go down hill, he finds everything greased for the occasion.' Our most indifferent actions have the impress of individuality; we may convey an impression not to be effaced for years, by an unconsidered word or gesture. Revenge is a momentary triumph, of which the satisfaction dies at once, and is succeeded bv remorse; whereas forgiveness, which is the noblest of all revenge, entails a perpetual pleasure. The world never keeps faith with the heart that trusts it. Its promises of happiness are perpetually broken. Take it for what it is worth, and set your affections on what is worth more. A Japanese student, newly arrived in this country, thought we were all doctors, because everybody took his hand and asked after his health. John Ruskin says the art of making yourself rich in the ordinary mercantile economists' sense, is equally and necessarily the art of keeping your neighbors poor. A French statistician places the number of human beings who have been killed or lost their lives by camp diseases, in connection with the wars of the nineteenth century, at two hundred millions. This is nearly five times as large as the entire population of the United States. Christians are like the several flowers in a garden, that have each of them the dew of heaven, which, being shaken with the wind, they let fall at each other's roots, whereby they are jointly nourished, and become nourishers of each other. We ought to think much more of walking in the right path, than of reaching our end. We should desiie virtue more than success. If by one wrong deed we could accomplish the liberation of millions, and in no other way, we ought to feel that this good, for which, perhaps, we had prayed with an agony of desire, was denied us by God, Avas reserved for other times and other hands.— Channing: There are a million natural laws of which we know nothing. We are gradually learning them as we find out where beans are in the dark—by feeling a thumb, by discovering that there is something in the way When you get an apple that is half rotten, the other half being as good as though the whole were sound, then you can get a Christian that is rotten on one side, who is as good on the other side as if both sides were good. I have seen persons so violently indignant at missteps in others, that I suspected all the virtue they had was at the window. He was as tender as a woman—or rather, I should have said, he lacked the toughness of a woman; for, slender and shrinking as women are, when troubles come they are almost the only persons who are tough of heart. They are tender of skin, but inside they are strong as iron. Do you know that the way for men to build themselves up is to be ground to powder? It is likewise to be remembered that no man has a right to prophecy good as a consequence of deception. Love sits as God's vicegegent in the soul, and I will not fight with my brethren. It is a man dying with his harness on that angels love to take.— Beecher.