NOTES BY THE WAY.—No. 12 H. C. BLINN I could probably have no better subject for my closing 'notes' in our little missionary of 'Good News,' than that which has for some time past had a growing interest in our mountain home. As strange as it may seem, it is nevertheless true, that a revival of the temperance question, as belonging expressly to our order, has been occupying the minds of both old and young. Quite a number from our family attended the State Temperance Convention, and heard many earnest and faithful advocates for the cause. We also heard, and some of us for the first time, the recital of those wrongs and sufferings which arise from the use of alcoholic drinks. While we listened, we pitied, as we knew many were asking others to do what they were unable to accomplish themselves. We knew, also, that we already belonged to an order that sought earnestly to cultivate the principles of temperance through the blessings of the cross of Christ. Privileged, as we are, to live among the 'sober, righteous and godly in this present world,' many who are young had not the least idea of the sorrow and shame intemperance was bringing to the thousands of young men and women. The sad confession which some made of their first steps in wrong by drinking beer or cider, and from this going on and on with alcoholic drinks till they finally ended as confirmed drunkards, has awakened a thought in many young minds of the danger there is, not only in the drinking of beer and cider, but in a habit only a fraction less reprehensible, and that is, the chewing and smoking of tobacco. Better never begin. It has been said that 'the error of a moment is often the sorrow of a life ;' and perhaps this is never more fully realized than in the cases of those who, from lack of moral courage, yield themselves a prey to the irreligious or unprincipled. Intemperance has really become a burden in the land. The inordinate desire which many have for external appearances, as the furnishing of their residences, their articles of apparel, the expense of their table, the cigars to be smoked, the liquor to be drank, obliges them to spend large sums of money belonging to themselves 6r others. All the injury to others, and the ruin to themselves, arising from this intemperate course, is now termed 'Liabilities.' The word embodies every form of dissipation. But I must bear in mind the P2ditor's advice, and not be too lengthy.