THE CHILDREN'S GROTTO My dear Children: I have a few good words to say to you... My dear Children : I have a few good words to say to you, in this, the last paper of the year 1877. When next we meet for counsel, it will be under vei-3' improved conditions. I want to suggest to each of you, the good idea of saving a copy of every number of The Shakee, keeping it nice, untorn, unsoiled in all its parts; and at the end of the year, binding, or having them bound for you, making you a very valuable book. I am aware you love the music; that you sometimes have cut the music out to put into other books; nor you alone—some ' children of larger growth'—men and women have done this—but there will be 110 inconvenience of form, hereafter to be contended with. I would have you, dear children, study the beautiful in all around you—the beautiful in language, form, behavior: and to be most agreeable to those you know or believe to be better than you are. Remember to love the good in every one; for by truly loving this good, we will surely grow and become like unto that which we love. Who say they love Jesus, a:;d do not grow more and more like him, are mistaken, in that they think they love him. —Editor. My dear young Friends : In our little messenger, ' The Shakes,' I have noticed with pleasure the' Children's Grotto;' in which you have been occasionally addressed by some kind friend, who has endeavored to impart something useful for you to learn and practice. I say kind friend, because he would not have noticed you thus, were it not that he loved you, and wished to make you wiser, better and more happy. It has been very truly remarked, that ' To be good is to be happy;' because to enjoy abiding happiness we must become virtuous. You see, there are different degrees of goodness, as good, better, BEST. Strive to attain the highest degree. Some of you may ask : ' What shall I do to attain it?' I answer, you must simply do right in all things; and to do right is to do as well as one knows. As you increase in knowledge, so you may grow in goodness. All children have not the same opportunities to receive instruction. Some have more, some less. To become good, dear young friends, you must ue truthful, honest, obedient, peaceable, kind and dutiful. Some children incline to become mischievous, and take pleasure in doing naughty tricks. Some learn to curse and swear, lie, steal and fight. Those are very wrong; degrading to your nature! If you do wrong, and are sensible of it, you should confess it to your parents or eiders, and strive in future to do better. You don't want—not one of you—to grow up to be like an ugly Thistle, piercing everybody's heart or fingers! You must aspire, dear children, to become intelligent, respectful and obliging; then you will rise in the estimation of all good, honest people. I don't know of any harm in children being playsome—full of frolic and life, at proper seasons; but you need not be tumultuous, malicious nor quarrelsome at any time. The little lambs of the fields, play and gambol in the green pastures. Did you never notice how they skip about, and run from hill to dale, and from hill to hill? I presume, you have. How very harmless they appear! I don't think you ever saw two lambkins tight. I never did, and I am now more than ' Three score and ten' years old. Then why should children contend, and strive to hurt each other? I well remember, when I was a small boy, living in my father's family, that when lie was about to slay a calf or lambkin, to obtain fresh meat, I would try to be present. When taking out the tongue of the innocent creature, my father used to call to me, saying, 'Here, my child, is a tongue thai never told a Ue.' This would immediately set me to thinking, if mine was as innocent of that fault, as many others. Now, if you wish to have people love you, and speak well of you, you must be good children. You can be so, if you will. ' Where there is a will, there is a wray.' Your friends are all looking forward with anxious expectations to see what you will grow up to be, whether virtuous youth, honest, upright men and women—brothers and sisters in Christ—or otherwise. Oh! how it makes their hearts ache to see you pursue a wrong course! Yea, it causes even the angels to weep! For all that love you, desire your prosperity. And now, my children dear, I'll stop my musings here; Wipe from my eyes, a tear, And pray for you. In heaven I hope to meet You all in union sweet; Walk there the golden street In friendship true. D. A. Buckingham. Shakers, N. Y.