Sabbath of rest THE SABBATH OF REST. The benefit of a day of rest, in a religious point of view, lies in this : The suspension of a man's business for a day is a suspension, more or less, of his temptations to dishonesty on that day. That makes Sunday to some extent, a spiritual Sabbath for him. Temptations are removable in two ways: one, through removal ol evil desire; the other, through removal of possible opportunity for the gratification of desire. The former process is permanent and brings an eternal Sabbath. The latter is temporary, and comes to an end whenever temptation recurs. Thus it is that labor of the body comes to correspond to labor of the soul, and the body's struggle foexistence to the soul's struggle, and the repose of the one to the repose of the other. Sunday may be called with justice a sort of truce day. Not in a bad sense : it does not suggest a compromise with the enemy; but it does suggest that the enemy has vanished for the time. One may wish and think and do the ba on Sunday as easily as on any other day. But on the whole and generally, he has then far less temptation. We must except always those whose consciences are mainly formed by customs and human opinions, and who get but little from the Word of God direct. It is possible that these—indeed they themselves assert itfind on Sunday more temptation than in all the week besides. Sunday is a day for good resolutions. Without irony and in all seriousness, there is nothing so restful as to resolve. In resolves, the ideal has full play: resolution is the Christian's fairy-land. All this is well. What is not well is to mistake the Sunday mood lor the eternal Sabbath. That Sabbath is the practical fulfillment of the ideal: it is resolution accomplished in life : it is the imaginary reproduced in the real, and* the entrance into that Sabbath is through the six week-days only. It is sometimes said that Sunday's chief use is in religious instruction. This use is very great at the present time, and with our present habits. But the need of a rest-day for the soul's behoof is one which will exist as long as the human race, or as long as man's only road to spiritual victory lies through spiritual combat. The time may come when religious instruction will be imparted as much on one day as another; but the time can never come when all respite from temptation can be dispensed with. What will give Sunday in the New Age this value, which it has never generally before been felt to possess, is r. growing perception that the battle-field between hell and heaven is not mainly in the closet nor le church-pew, but in the shop, in the garden, in the ank and at the bar. Six days of the body's hard ork make the seventh really restful: and this is just s true of the soul. No labor, no rest: that rule is in le nature of all things. Marston Niles in the N. J. Messenger.