ELEMENTS OF FOOD LOST IN COOKING Food must contain three classes of elements—those vhich will feed the brain and nerves, those which feed muscles and tissues, and those which furnish heat and fat. These elements may be found combined so as to be soluble in water, cold or hot, or both, and therefore if cooked in water, are lost. The musclefeeding elements of all meats and fish consist in fibrin and albumen and in the flesh of all young animals, as veal and lamb, and in all kinds of fish albumen predominates. Albumen is soluble in cold water, but coagulates and becomes solid in hot water. For example, the white of an egg, which is albumen, may be dissolved and lost in cold water, but on being dropped into hot water immediately coagulates and becomes insoluble. All meats, therefore, lose a portion of their nutrition, and some a very large portion, by being soaked in water, or by being put into cold water to boil, and it boiled at all, should be put into boiling water, unless the water in which they are boiled is to be saved as soup. In that case, the flavor and nutritive properties of the soap are much better by being first soaked in cold water and boiled in the same water. Besides albumen, other valuable elements are lost in water, whether hot or cold, as is shown by chemical analysis. If the flesh of animals or fish be cut up fine, and washed and filtered, the water is found to contain not only the albumen, but the osmazome which gives the flavor, the phosphates which feed the brains and the nerves, and all soluble salts of the blood, while there remains nothing nutritious but fibrin and the insoluble salts, which constitute the basis of bones. By boiling, instead of roasting or frying meats or fish, we lose therefore that which gives them relish, much of the true nourishment, and some other valuable elements. On the other hand, by soaking in cold water, and boiling gradually, and retaining the liquid, we get all the valuable properties of meat. The liquid contains all the soluble properties, and indeed all the important properties necessary for sickly or sedentary persons; and the solids contain the fibrin and lime which are wanted for muscular power and strength of sinew and bone. Another practical error in regard to soups, relates to the nutrition in the gelatinous portions of soup obtained from the cartilages and tendons of the joints of meat, which are usually selected under the impression that the more gelatinous the more nutritious the soup, whereas it is found to be true that gelatine is in no sense nutritious. Its only iise in the living system seems to be mechanical, forming protection to the joints as a kind of cushion, and attaching the muscles to the bones, and as food, answering as waste material to keep the bowels in action. This is true of all animal jellies, as calf's foot, isinglass, etc.— Philosophy of Eating.