SPIRIT MATERIALIZATIONS CANAAN, N. Y., Dec. 4. , Dear Shaker: - Business having' called me, in company with two Sisters, to Utica, N. Y., and remaining three days, we attended three materialization seances of the Eddy mediums, who were stopping there. As the public mind is in a state of agitation on the subject, I will simply state a few facts which came under our observations. Seance No. I-composed of fourteen persons, occupied ninety minutes. Fifteen spirit forms appeared, including three former members of our Society. One, whose obituary appeared in the June SHAKER, 1877, being short in stature and much deformed, with peculiarities known only to friends, seemed a perfect test of identity , especially when she told her name. Seance No.2-composed of eighteen. persons. Twenty-two forms appeared, among- whom were little children, gigantic Indians, and a number of our Brethren and Sisters. Some of the latter spoke to us, sending messages to Brethren and Sisters at home, calling us by name and giving their names. Others came across the room, shaking hands with us and others present. Things comical, serious, pleasant and, igrave were curiously blended. They: sang, joked, played musical instruments, when there were none in the cabinet' laughed, and gave good advice to all present. In both of these seances, there came a spirit who spoke audibly and seemed sad and distressed in mind. He want- : ed to say something privately, but could: not, on account of those present I Seance NO.3-held for us in particu- , lar, in the day-time .• Only two other: persons were present, making five in 1 all. The spirit aforesaid came early in I the sitting, and begged the forgiveness, of one of our company, (to whom he l had formerly held intimate relation,) , for grievous wrongs j and in such a 1 spirit of deep contrition that the scene ( was truly affecting. The spirit de- ( clared his inability to progress, or be re-f leased, until he heard, orally, the words ( of forgiveness. f Children, two years of age and up- ] ward j Shaker spirits, in their peculiar 1 costumes j Indians, in their dress; spir- t its with bouquets of flowers in their I hands and wreaths of flowers upon their r heads, which they removed for our ex- s amination j spirits with long, trailing t hair, divers peculiarities of form, dress, t name and mien, helped to make up an I unmistakable manifestation of spirit r identity, in 'FORM MATERIALIZATION.' c THOMAS SMITH.