SUPERIOR REFLECTIONS Interior says that 'bigotry' means holding view... The Interior says that 'bigotry' means lolding the views of those who are a shade nore conservative than ourselves. Nonsense. ?here are hundreds and thousands in all denominations, from the loosest to the strictest, vho are not bigots in any sense. Bigotry is ;he lack of Christian charity toward those who differ from us in matters of religious beief. THE TIME IS SHORT The time is short; the more the reason,then, For filling it as full as it can hold With thrills of beauty, yearnings for the truth, And joys of love and labor manifold. Then should it chance, as we would fain believe, Life's glory waits us in some other sphere, Its first great joy shall be we did not miss God's meaning in the glory that is here. Honey from the Scriptures Do not think it enough if you learn to spell and read, and to say the words of the Scriptures, but seek to learn the truth of the Scriptures. Do is the bees do. A bee, when it sees a flower, does not fly round and round it, and then fly off' again, like foolish, idle butterflies. It settles on a flower and sucks the honey out of t. You should do as the bees do ; you should settle your thoughts on what you read, and :ry to suck the honey out of it. Almost every verse in the New Testament has its honey. Almost every verse contains a spiritual truth, fit to nourish some soul or other. That may be right which is not pleasant... That may be right which is not pleasant, and pleasant which is not right; but Christ's religion is both. Matthew Henry Sun colors the sky most deeply and diffusely... The sun colors the sky most deeply and diffusely when he hath sunk below the horizon ; and they who never said, 'How beneficently he shines;' say at last, 'Howbrightly he set!' Landor Landor Ministering Pure religion and undefiled is 'ministering'—not that other thing, 'being ministered unto.' It is handing over the morning paper to another for first perusal. It is vacating a pleasant seat by the fire for one who comes in chilled. It is giving up the most restful armchair or sofa, for one who is weary. It is moving up in a pew to let a new-comer sit down by the entrance. It is rising from your place to lower a curtain or close a blind when the sun's ray streams in too brightly upon some face in the circle. It is giving your own time and convenience every time, for the comfort and convenience of another. This is at once true courtesy and genuine Christianity. If we mean to copy the spirit of the Savior, we must be ready in every hour of the day, to give up being waited upon, and to practice this self-sacrificing beneficent and 'ministering' graciousness of spirit and coniduct. Rev. A. L. Stone, in Pacific Methodist Look pleasant, be pleasant If people will only notice, they will be amazed to find how much a really enjoj'able evening owes to smiles. But very few consider what an important symbol of fine intellect and of fine feeling they are. Yet all smiles, after childhood, are things of education. Savages do not smile; coarse, brutal, cruel men may laugh, but they seldom smile. It is painful to reflect how seldom the poor smile. The affluence, the benediction, the radiance, which 'fill the silence like a speech'—the smile of a full, appreciative heart. The face grows finer as it listens, and then breaks into sunshine instead of words, has a subtle, charming influence universally felt, though seldom understood or acknowledged. Lord Bacon tells of a nobleman whom he knew; a man who gave lordly entertainments, but always suffered some sarcastic personality to 'mar a good dinner,' adding, 'Discretion of speech is more than eloquence, and to speak agreeably to him with whom we deal is more than to speak in good words; for he that hath a satirical vein, making others afraid of his wit, hath need to be afraid of others memory.'