THE MYSTERY OF PUNCTUATION The art of punctuation is really one of the implest of the accidents of literature ; yet ;o most people it seems an impenetrable mystery. Many writers of high reputation make the wildest work in attempting to nunctuate their own manuscript. Indeed, nost of the punctuation in books is that of tie proof-reader, not that of the author. ^his, however, is not wonderful; for if the secrets of the proof-reader's den were revealed, the reading public would be astonished to learn that that useful but invisible functionary often supplies for writers of reputation not only all the punctuation but aho a great deal of the spelling and correct English. It is popularly supposed that all printers are accomplished punctuators ; but in truth they are not. The best of them will punctuate ordinary narrative tolerably well; but if anything more elaborate is left to their mercies, they are apt to make strange work of it. A good proof-reader can of course punctuate when he understands the sense; but frequently the meaning is equivocal until the proper points are supplied, and he can only guess at the author's intention. Every one who writes for other eyes than his own, though nothing but occasional letters, should punctuate systematically. The great obstacle to this is the assumption that there is something very mysterious and abstruse in the proper distribution of those troublesome little dots and scratches. The best general rule for punctuation is this : Read your article or letter aloud, making your inflections conform as accurately as possible to the sense you wish to convey; and wherever you make a pause mark a corresponding one in the manuscript. Do not mark one where you do not make one in reading. Nearly all manuscript, and a good deal of printed matter, is punctuated too much. If you can use periods and commas correctly—which, easy as it seems, is rarely done—you will get along very well with any simple composition. Semicolons and dashes belong rather to the elegancies of punctuation. Three fourths of all the semicolons that ought to be used are required before clauses beginning with 'for' or 'but,' assigning a reason for, or noting an exception to, the statement that immediately precedes. Dashes, which many -writers scatter about in such reckless profusion, should be used very sparingly. They generally indicate that the sense which is interrupted by some necessary intervening explanation, is resumed farther along. When several enumerated particulars, taken together, are in apposition with a single word or clause that precedes or follows, they should be separated from it with a dash. These two cases cover almost entirely the proper use of that punctuation mark with whose wholesale abuse manuscripts are so generally disfigured. When you are in doubt as to the necessity of a point, by all means omit it. Other things being equal, that is best English which requires least punctuation.