FORM MATERIALIZATION [The following is a recent editorial in the Banner of Light. We have expressed our personal confidence in spirit materializations. We deem them, however, nonessentials to salvation. Others among the Shakers, deem them among the highest of providences; while others again do not believe in them at all or consider them fraudulent and impossible. We print a letter, elsewhere, received from a believing company.—Ed.] The frequent and sickening exposures attending this phase of spirit phenomena, are quite naturally staggering the faith of thousands of Spiritualists in the probability of such materialization in the past, or its possibility in the future. Even now there are old ' dyed in the wool' Spiritualists, whose belief is anchored to a knowledge extending over a quarter of a century, who not only question the fact of spirit forms ever being materialized at any of our seances, but who are debating whether it is not a sacred duty they owe the cause and humanity, to organize combinations to travel the country and, as Spiritualists, expose the fallaciousness of the claim of form materialization. No phase of the phenomena has ever created a tithe of the bad blood and bickering among Spiritualists, as has this; needlessly so, we think. The difficulties have arisen rather through the ignorance of investigators and the dogmatic proclivities of a few self-appointed exponents. It seems to us, that when ali the rubbish which environs the subject is removed by calm, careful, patient students, who are seeking for the truth and not to substantiate some pet theory of their own, which is often born of generations of narrow creedal training; when these investigators shall be composed of men possessing the zeal, persistency and devotion of some of the present champions of this phase, without their blind narrowness and want of capacity to comprehend the subject in its scientific aspects; when they shall bring to the subject abilities capable of mastering its subtle laws; in a word, when the investigation shall be pursued by strictly scientific processes, then we shall come to a better understanding of the matter; and by scientific processes, we do not wish to be understood as declaring that any written code of rules must be followed; in the very nature of the case, many of the laws governing the action of the student can only be learned by actual observation, and afterwards intelligently applied. The words science and scientific, have come to be looked upon by many Spiritualists with suspicion. They personify them in the persons of Carpenter, Lankester, and others, and feel that they do not wish to cultivate such narrow acquaintances; rather let us look to the fountain head for their true significance. There we find that science means truth ascertained; that which is known; knowledge; penetrating and comprehensive information, and the like. All of our readers will readily agree, we presume, that only by the application of science as thus interpreted, can we arrive at any satisfactory elucidation of this phase of spirit phenomena, or any other, for that matter. From our standpoint, we cannot see how a Spiritualist can doubt the possibility of form materialization or scout sonic of the evidences that such materialization is already an accomplished fact. We, all of us, know of our own knowledge that spirits possess the power to communicate with us, and under proper conditions to do many things which are probably as difficult to accomplish as to materialize a form, and would be so acknowledged by us could we fully understand the process in each case. Why should form materialization be considered so remarkable? It is really only a mechanical process. Let the investigator be fully imbued with the knowledge that the form standing before him is not the actual identical spirit body of his friend put through some inexplicable process which renders it visible; let him realize still further that the materialized form shown, never belonged to that spirit, and consists only of chemical, electric and magnetic elements gathered from the atmosphere, the medium and the investigator; let him comprehend all this, and the mystery disappears to a great extent. There is another feature of form materialization, a logical deduction from what has already been stated, and which we also state upon the authority of a spirit, which is that the spirit upon entering the materialized form, experiences the same sensations that mortals sometimes do on entering a strange house, or as one spirit graphically expressed it, ' we feel as strange as you would if you had borrowed a suit of clothes that didn't fit very well, to go to church in.' The wonderful fascination of-this phenomenon springs from the heart rather than the intellect of the investigator; all the pent-up affections of a sorrowing soul cry out for contact with the dear one, the cords of tenderness are strained to the utmost tension with the thought that the loved form may appear, may be seen and caressed, even though it be ever so lightly, or the vision ever so fleeting. When the investigator can comprehend that in caressing this form, he does not actually touch the loved spirit, nor come any closer, if indeed so close, as when said spirit is controlling a medium in the flesh, then will the fascination flowing from the heart and the sacred recollections of the past, vanish, it seems to us, to a great extent, if not entirely; and the pursuit of this phase will be, among intelligent people at least, from a purely intellectual standpoint.