GLORIES OF MT. LEBANON F. W. EVANS ____ i For sixty and nine years I have lived, 1 moved and had my being in this mundane sphere. During all that time, I have not seen so perfect a year for weather as 1877 has thus far proved to be. Lights and shades, heat and cold, rain and drouth have alternated each other, keeping our hopes and fears all the time in action. Yet no harm has befallen us. Neither flood nor rain, frost nor blight, hail storm nor heat has harmed us in the holy mountain. Is our climate improving? progressing? or to what shall we attribute a constant succession of enjoyable days and nights, without a drawback ? I am an unfailing' friend of the weather ; never fail to be inwardly thankful for its abundance : never grumble at it, nor call it wicked names ; do not complain when it is hot nor cold, nor, under any circumstances, do I utter disrespectful phrases about it; when it is a pleasant day, never call it 'a weather breeder !' nor forget the good of to-day in dark forebodings of to-morrow. In fact, I enjoy the weather, more especially Attierican zveather, in our temperate zone—cannot imagine anything more perfect than the weather that we have been blessed with in 1877 ! It has been a continual feast of good things, filling our hearts with gratitude and praise, as water flowing from a fountain. All the elements seem tuned to harmony— full of blessing. To be in unison with God, with the people of God, with all the visible heavens and earth, is happiness—is life to a devotional, worshipful spirit. Were I a poet, I would sing the perfection of Mt. Lebanon weather, as against all the earth. Mosquitoes cannot live in it—flies are simply harmless scavengers—snakes are a pleasant curi osity—centipedes and gallinippers as rare as wolves, bears, panthers or tigers. The absent evils, that we know only by name, are replaced with pure mountain springs of water, so good that no excuse remains to us, as is so common to the west and south, to put into our drink some foreign substance. Temperance is our normal condition. The air we breathe into our lungs is pure as the love that fills our hearts. Whether it be England or Scotland, France or Italy, California or Texas, Louisiana or Kentucky, or even Maine or New Hampshire, we can still see some infliction to which we are not subject,—something undesirable, that we have not. Is it not good to be so fully established in our own minds, and to realize that whatever good we do thus possess, it is not at the expense of our neighbors? None are the poorer for it, nor the sufferers by it.