IS THIS CHRIST OUR EXAMPLER? SERMON BY ADIN BALLOU * * * 'But I am asked, what is there in Christ or his religion so very important and indispensable to human happiness? I answer, A true and perfect righteousness—Godward, manward, soulward, earthward and heavenward. He was righteous in all these directions, righteous in his ruling motives, his principles, his spirit, his conduct and his character. Every human being must become righteous in all these respects, or be unhappy to the extent he falls short of the pattern. Christ's religion governs man internally. It presides in a region which no human law, power, or system of arrangement, can reach. It deals with the inmost springs of human thought, desire, feeling and action—with the loves, affections, passions and sentimental emotions from which issue forth all the external manifestations of life. Its business is to purify, regulate and reduce to true order the heart, its will, its motives and ruling principles— in a word, to render the soul internally wise and good, and so the outward life. Thus it promotes and insures, what nothing else without it can—absolute happiness. Why are we miserable ? Because some law of divine order has been transgressed by ourselves or others. But why have we, or others, transgressed? Because some motive, affection or thought inside our souls is out of order. All external sins are germinated within. This is Christ's doctrine, and it is the immutable truth. Therefore his religion begins at the beginning, and insists on making clean the inside, that the outside may be clean also. If I analyze the internal, when I have sinned and been rendered unhappy, I find one or more of the following specified evils in me : 1. Carelessness, indifference, irreverence toward he Divine and spiritual—prayerlessness, unwatchfulness, ingratitude, distrust of Providence. 2. Pride, self-will, rebellion against God's law and order, and a disposition to self-indulgence, regardless of the wholesome cross—with a propensity to ignore or disregard the rights, feelings, wants and co-equal welfare of others. 3. A disposition to set up and promote my own good, regardless of the supreme, universal good, and the perfect law of eternal rectitude, so as to care less for absolute right, and for the happiness of others, than my own will. 4. The continued indulgence of some desire, passion or lust, which I know to be wrong, and which I abhor, but which I have not yet the virtue to subdue. 5. Fretfulness, resentment or revenge, on account of some wrong done me, whereby I am inclined to return evil for evil, and not to love my enemy with that pure love which seeks nothing but his highest good— also impatience, in some form, with what is offensive or disagreeable to me. These and kindred ones I believe to be the internal springs of sin and misery in all mankind. Jesus completely overcame them all. He recognized, reverenced, loved, obeyed and trusted in the Father with his whole heart. He was habitually prayerful, watchful, spiritually minded and conscientiously scrupulous to do the Divine will—to execute and discharge all his personal responsibilities. He teaches his disciples to follow him, and do likewise, promising to help them effectually in all their struggles and weaknesses. He was not proud, self-willed nor rebellious against divine law, but humble, meek, lowly, self-denying for righteousness' sake; tender-hearted towards all, and ever regardful of their welfarefull of self-sacrifice in doing good to their bodies and spirits. He went always for truth, for divine principles, for the universal good, and the eternal^ right, even to the laying down of his life, rather than prefer himself, or any selfish advantage. He loved absolute righteousness perfectly. He teaches his disciples to take up the cross daily, to deny themselves for principle's sake, and to follow him as the Lamb of God, if need be unto death—assuring them of eternal life and final triumph. He had the desires and passions common to human nature, but he subordinated them all to divine order, in spite of the most seductive and urgent temptations, till it became his meat and drink to do right; though in so doing he deprived himself of many gratifications naturally dear to human nature, to secure a permanent home wherein to lay his head; voluntarily making himself a victim of persecution, and poor, that mankind through his poverty and sufferings might be made rich unto eternal life. O, how unselfish! Moreover, while he was so pure, so self-sacrificing, so devoted to uncompromising truth and righteousness, lie was as harmless as he was holy. He indulged in no resentment, nor moroseness, nor revenge against his persecutors. He loved them still, and wept for them, even when he rebuked their wickedness most severely. He forgave their trespasses until seventy times seven. He returned not evil for evil unto his bitterest foe. He was the unchangeable friend of his worst enemies, and his glorious soul went out from the agonies of the cross, into paradise | with prayer for his murderers, saying, 'Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do.' Now where is the candid soul that is not prompted to exclaim with the centurion, 'Tiuly, this man was the Son of God!' I am well aware that those who claim to have out- rown Jesus will demur to all this. They profess to nd defects in his character which unfit him to be the eligious master and moral model of mankind. Such ontend that they reject his personal authority concientiously, on account of those defects. But I have arefully examined all their criticisms without findag a single allegation well ftranded. In every case, o is misrepresented, or an unwarrantable inference s drawn, or the so-called defect is a real excellence.