LET US CONSIDER SARAH A. NEAL Our earthly summer is past, and our material harvest ended. Providence las blest us with an abundant growth &gt;f those substances which we have argely garnered for the sustenance of our physical beings. Bv exertion, we lave saved much of earthly treasures, and, comparatively speaking, perhaps ost little ; for all which we have cause o feel truly thankful. But in what ratio does our spiritual harvest agree with our material? During the past seedime and harvest, how ardent have been our exertions to sow the seeds of truth, that we might realize their grow7th, and harvest the effects thereof? And how great is the realization within our own souls, that we have been saved from worldly sins, that have afflicted humanity from earliest recollections, and have lost to the various consequences of these sins! Let us consider. Creation is now preparing to enter a season, when its entire forces need to x-est on its basic germ, to sustain vitality through a chilling test, preparatory to the evolution of a new seed-time and harvest. In this season, life's foundational principles are strengthened by the return forces, and held in readiness to perform new service at the dawn of a new seed-time And surely, this season comes to intellectual creation with no less meaning than a time for meditation and reflec tion. A time for mental exercise, anc deep soul-labor, through which human ity should become better conditioned to evolve the principles of the new life first made manifest by Jesus, the Christ Earth rolls her rapid seasons round they come aad they retire ; and eacl successive year brings with it a new seed-time that* leads to a future harvest and so are new opportunities yearl} coming to those of us who are toiling ii spiritual fields, to sow anew the seed of divine faith ; and to cultivate wit! care, that their growth may be even un to perfection and our harvest abountifu yield ! Let us consider, while the earth-win ter lasts, that it is ours, as with all creation, to prepare for the coming of a new seed time, and be ready at its dawn to nter our spiritual fields, with a zeal ruly becoming Christian workers ; that we may realize, as the season rolls on, superior growth of virtue, that shall uetoken the golden harvest. But now s our time to prepare for more active ervice ; for deeper consecration ; and 'or a fuller sacrifice of our entire beings o the cause of truth ; and may we be wise and well consider our day. Shakers, N. Y.