WRITE FOR HUMANITY'S GOOD Beloved Editor:—I fully recognize the fact that a person may be educated in ideas, but not in letters; and that you desire to have nothing kept back that may be of real benefit to mankind, from the author's consciousness of his inability to present it in a fitting external dress. You are amply paid for deciphering illegible manuscripts, and reducing them to form, when, as the result of your labors, you find yourself in possession of a prize. Nevertheless, I cannot be the worse, and may be the better, for a few hints to guide others in writing for The Shaker : 1. Not to attempt writing for the benefit of humanity, unless there is something important welling up in my heart—not my head—and struggling to get out. Until this is the case, whatever I may think, there will be no message to deliver. 2. Be sparing of points. Punctuate no further than is necessary to be understood, and leave the rest to the printer. Dots and dashes, which many writers throw between* words wherever they suspect a pause may be needed, are a crying vexation and a nuisance to editor, type-setter and proof-reader. 3. Pack the thoughts. An important communication need not necessarily be long; frequently the ideas of a whole column of a newspaper might be compressed into two inches of space, with advantage to both reader and author. An idea is weakened by being crowded with words. A tremendous thought may be packed into a small compass, made as solid as a cannon ball, and like the projectile, cut all down before it. Short articles are generally more effective, find more readers, and are more widely copied, than long ones. Pack the thoughts closely, and though the article may be brief, it will have weight, and will be more likely to make an impression. Use black ink. Yours, truly, Note by the editor.—Our thanks are due to Bro. Orcutt for these timely hints. In our new volume, ive can?iot use long articles. Contributors must 'pack their thoughts;' or, if we use their contributions, we must shorten them by erasion or division. Memento. Daniel Orcutt