EDITORIAL NOTES CONGRATULATION We bow respectfully to our patrons, appearing as we do in Vol. 8. with form and features expressive of improvement. We congratulate all our readers upon the signs of our progress, and are happy to state that all is the work of Shaker hands. We ask for a thorough perusal, kind criticism, and happy reflection. Our object is to do good alone. We have no right to harm any one's feelings nor would we do so. Our first object is to promote radical, Christian religion among all people, regardless of name or denominational persuasion. We congratulate you and ourselves that we have been vouchsafed the encouragement that permits us to go on rejoicing in the good cause. SPIRIT COMMUNICATION The spirit communication published in Nov. Shaker, purporting to come from Mother Ann Lee attracted very wide attention, and has been commented upon most profusely, and always favorably. Had the most astute Shaker of today written that message, it would not have ¦embraced more of the radical, early faith than it did. Many mediums have persuaded themselves to believe that Mother Ann influenced them to write out messages for her. These would almost invariably contain clauses that would imply recantation of her mission, instruction to 'progress' out of so much sexual purity ; aiming at the destruction of the foundational pillars, etc. But here is one we can afford to believe to be genuine, because it agrees with the communications we receive from time to time ; and the fact that it came through a boy-medium, an entire stranger to us as a people, out on the Pacific Ocean, yet true to the letter of our principles ! Spiritualists and Spiritist Free-lovers, take notice ! A CONTINUOUS THANK OFFERING That was a beautiful paragraph in N. Y. State Governor's Proclamation, that suggested, amid 'religious services, happy family reunions and social enjoyments incident to the occasion, the poor and unfortunate be remembered with generous liberality.' When our love and thanks to God shall alway take this form of expression, there will be more practical religion in the world than Bibles, Prayer Books or Churchal ceremonies can ever inaugurate. 'I prmy thee then, said Abou, Write me as one who loves my fellow men; And the next night he came again, With a great awakening light, S/inuinij the )innen ichom ] km of Cod had blest, And lo! Ben Adhem's name led all the rest!' ANGELS of JUDGMENT The signs of the times indicate that the detective and judgment angels are active, and are spreading their warning cry to the yet unexposed defaulters to honest instructions. The various cities of the Union are being visited, and we hope for the continuance of abode to these ministrants of justice. Let all 16 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 'flee from the wrath to come'—let the honest remain so ; and let the dishonest confess and repent. 'God is not mocked !' Strange that men and women will commit themselves to a career of crime, which, if concealed from mortal eyes for a few years, works in them corruption of humanity, arid is sure of exposure at immortal courts ! LIBERAL LEAGUE An account, too short however, of the doings of the Liberal League Convention, from the pen of Elder F. W. Evans, will be read with a curious pleasure. As we followed the proceedings, in type, we could not well help thinking of a menagerie of noble, wild animals. Each had his or her roar, and nearly every tout' and color was presented. We are glad to learn, there was one chorus, which they all had learned sufficiently well to sing together—Distinction of Chwch and Slide Governments—and may thai chorus and its reverberations never be hushed! 'A RARITY.' 'A good Shaker is a rarity ;' was the remark of a kindly disposed neighbor. Wonder not at it. 'A good Shaker,' means, synonymously, 'a perfect Christian !' One who lives in a state of continual self-abasement, self-sacrifice, in behalf of others. No desire nor time for selfgratification nor recreative pleasure, until serving God by saving souls becomes gratifying and recreative. Picture to yourselves the most thorough type of a follower after Jesus ; one walking in the footsteps of Jesus' life, and you may safely point out such as 'a good Shaker' however rare. MOODY AND SANKEY Elder Evans means no disrespect, we are sure, by the remark upon their kind of Christianity. Any party who aims to resurrect humanity, and does make them better shall have a 'God bless' from every Shaker heart; just as Paul does in his attempts, and those who follow Paul. Hut Paul, Moody, and Sankey are apologists for the flesh : and the genuine life of Christ is not found in the gospel they preach. Paul found the people un- equal to a full cross against the flesh, and for a virgin life ; so he ''fixed up' a gospel that has better pleased the worldly mind ever since. Just so with too many evangelists today. They preach part of Christ, and adulterate the true gospel. Let Moody live the life Jesus lived, and Sankey sing the self-denials and hates of tlie beloved Apostle, and in these, preach from the spirit of Christ, and the world at large, so stirred by their appeals now, would soon get over the curiosity and look upon them as they now look upon the Shakers—very good doctrine, but very unpalatable !