My friend:—Your welcome letter of the 10th... Shakers, N. Y. Dec. 22, 1877, A. GRIFFIN My friend:—Your welcome letter of the 10th but. is at hand, also the article on Original Sin. The views expressed therein, so nearly coincide with my own, that I have little disposition to cavil. Truly, we fall by yielding to the corrupt propensities of a fleshly mind, which are the greatest Devil we need to fear; or we rise into newness of character, by ft spotless life of virtue; even aJesos overcame the nature by which lie was tempted in all points, even as we are. That we are all Adams and Eves by nature, and that we need the resurrecting power of the second Adam, to elevate us above our rudimental conditions, are self-evident truths. The germ of this quickening Spirit is the breath of life, breathed into the intelligent part of every rational being, as an aspiration for a higher life, aided by the redeemed Spirits from the heavens, which will at some period, prompt man to become a living Soul. In your article, on 'Original Sin' you explain death (spiritually) as an eternal separation from the joys of heaven. Do you mean the old theological heaven, in some perpendicular height? Or, do you mean the heavens of virtuous souls, united in the bonds of gospel love, as children of one household? These Heavens are not confined to location. Nor is hell confined to some extreme end of the universe. Individuals and societies, create their own heaven, or hell, whether on Earth, or in the spirit world. Again dear brother, what provision do you make for the benefit of degraded spirits, who enter the spirit world nnregenerated? Are such eternally separated from the joys of heaven? Are they not rational, accountable beings, still free agents? Have they no opportunity for growth or reform, by retracing their 9 1O THE SHAKER IVLAJSJTir'JES'rO. missteps, and rectifying their wrongs? This subject is inexplicable, in the light of general sectarianism; an inexcusable defect in common theology, but deeply interesting and important, to all who sympathize with mortals in unfortunate conditions. Our conceptions of the Parental attributes of Deity, forbid us to exclude the most fallen penitent, from a part in the tender mercies of God, either here or hereafter. I am your friend, Chauncy Dibble