THE SHAKER MANIFESTO AN OFFICIAL MONTHLY. G. A. LOMAS----Editor. VOL. VIII.—JANUARY, 1878.—No. I. THE SOURCE OF HAPPINESS Wishing every one a 'Happy New Year,' we bring up for consideration, what is most needed by all to make this, and every future year a happier year than its predecessor. To the vast majority, the various indulgences of the -cnses mean happiness ; and with such, there is no propriety in putting limits to the products of those titillations, that reach no higher than the senses. It is nevertheless true, that the perverted indulgences of the senses are the causes of all unhappinesa, and are, in reality, none other than 'the broad road that leadeth to destruction.' Pleasure added to pleasure, until nature is exhausted ; and nature, even then, pines at its limits, and does not thank God for the boundaries. To 'take care of ourselves' means largely to 'beware of ourselves ;' and the cup of true pleasure, and the years of real happiness are very strongly tinctured with 'touch not, taste not, handle not.' In our unusually free country—in America—true freedom, and its happiness are terribly misconstrued ! To the infant in the cradle, obedience to parental control 'S to be of infantile length only ; and then, to do as it pleases, is considered its inalienable right; while the silver years of age, if ever reached, too commonly are left to teach the serious truth, that whoso follows inclination to do as he pleases, becomes the slave of the basest tyrants—the passions. The experience of individuals and of nations ever testifies that the valuable and sacred of all institutions, are made and maintained by the denial of selfishness. By the exercise of self-denial, prosperity ensues. With an increase of self-denials, happier years begin ; a higher life is begun, and a Christian character established. Self-denials make the good citizen ; the excellent government; while the want of them, invariably fills our penitentiaries, State prisons, and brings hundreds to the guillotine or gallows ! Self-denial makes peace, and keeps it lively in families and in nations. The more self-denial, the more happiness ; and we may measure the happiness of the year before-hand, even as we mete out to ourselves 'the narrow way' of self-denial. Such was the life of Jesus ; self-denying and heavenly; and 'heaven on earth' means sufficiently more self-denial to make it so. With our wish of happiness for the year, we point out Self THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. denial as the true source of all happiness. To those who are lovers of the world, and sufferers of the penalties it inflicts, we plead you, for an increase in your daily lives, of self-denial. Is there trouble where nome should be ? Use more self-denial. The more you use, the happier home will be, until there will be established in the households of the land, heavens on earth begun. Let us write 'Self-denial' over our doorcaps ; and whoever enters with it, will leave all discomforts without.