For the Children BE NOBLE BY THE EDITOR The children are not forgotten by any means; neither through neglect nor through an abundance of else to do and to think of! They must have a department in every number. We will begin the series in this volume, by saying, that your friends are desirous you should be interested and profited. One of the children's friends has written, that 'the SHAKER MANIFESTO. first step towards being instructed in any good thing, is to become thoroughly interested.' I am confident you all would like to be considered noble ; and the first step towards being so, is to be true to think and act, as you have been taught is right; and while making few or no mistakes, you will grow up to be noble men and women. The little boy who raised a stone to kill the toad, thought he heard something speak to him, 'that it was a wrong act,' and he did not throw the stone. It was conscience that spoke to that boy, and it will speak to you too. One boy was at work in a linen shop, and his employer wanted him to help stretch a piece of linen, to make it longer, so as to get more money for it. 'I cannot do it!',' he cried, 'for it is wrong to do so!' His employer discharged him, stating he would never make a salesman ; but he grew up a godly man, and was none other than Dr. Adam Clarke, of whom your friends can tell you, a great deal of nobility for which he was noted. Be kind to those who need help; and who cannot easily help themselves. Not long since, a School-house in the city of New York caught fire. One noble boy remained, until he saw all the little fellows were safe, and then, choking with smoke, carried in his arms a poor, crippled boy, whom he induced to sit still, under promise that he would save him; and he did save him! The School authorities summoned this noble fellow before them, spoke very many good words to him, and presented him with a valuable medal! But the noble feelings he can always have that he so helped the needy, are worth more than all medals! It was a noble little girl, (who after became a very noble woman,) who begged that some naughty boys would stop teasing and stoning a deranged woman, telling them that 'it is somebody's dear mother, may be!' And not another stone was thrown, nor any further disrespect shown. Conscience will be near you, if you do not drive it away by many acts of disobedience; but too oft this is the case, and it is left to stand afar off, like a reproving angel, who cannot get nearer because of repeated acts of rebellion. See what happens, oftentimes to those who are not noble enough to be obedient to what they know is right: Three boys stood close by the Hudson river ; one boy suggests that they all go in swimming; two agreed to do so, the other said he had promised his mother he would not go in swimming unless she knew of it. The other two laughed at his noble stand to obey his mother. They went in swimming; and thence into an old boat; the boat turned over and both boys were drowned. It was afterward learned, that these two boys had given their parents the same promise of the noble boy who kept his, and saved his life. Be noble, dear children in all things. Dear Elizabeth, In reading 'The Shaker,' I observe many good things for grown people... Shaker Village, N. H. Dec. 1877 Dear Elizabeth, In reading 'The Shaker,' I observe many good things for grown people; but little children hardly come in for their share. Be sure, the editor has a 'Children's Grotto,' and some other little tokens that childhood is remembered, but would not a short story be nice for some weary mother to read to her little ones, for pleasure to them, and a much needed rest to herself? You have often promised to help those like me—and I am only a little larger girl— when I would knock, so I want to write a story out of whole truth, and then knock for criticisms; but I will only tell what my eyes saw, and ears heard, as wise folks say. To be sure I interest the children, I shall imagine many of them clustered about me in a listening attitude: Little friends, I will repeat to you what I have just told my teacher. I will tell you only truth, for I was there, and saw and heard all I will tell you. Just in front of the house where I lived, when about ten years old, were some low spruce trees ; low, because they had not grown tall since placed in the yard for a shade. In one of these, a little brown sparrow had built a nest, in which she had laid three tiny, spotted eggs. You may be sure I watched the old bird, and saw all she did that young eyes could see, for I knew that dear little birdlings were the natural result of those eggs, and don't you think I laid many girlish plans of feeding them, and coming into selfish ownership of the little family. I waft 17 THK 18 THE SHAKER never'apt to be behind when selfish pleasures were to be enjoyed, so you can see how much I am like the little boy or girl before me, who wants to own something all to his or her- self. One quiet Sabbath morning, when stillness was as real as noise could have been, I heard the sparrow mother making decided notes— shall I call it scolding? that is not a pretty word, but a robin was striving to get possession of the nest, and I tell you, the brave mother sparrow, was stoutly defending her rights. The conflict w:is short, and sharp, when the naughty robin, as I then thought, flew away. My poor, dear sparrow, how she panted, and how good she seemed to me, that she would not desert her little eggs, though sadly persecuted. That is just like any good mother who loves her children dearly. I was still at the window in an upper loft, when three, robins—instead of one—returned, and oh, such a battle as followed ! Well, the result was, in a very short time, my sparrow was vanquished, and hanging by the neck outside the nest. When peace was restored, for the robins left the premises at once, as if guilty, or in fear of the Sheriff—several small branches were taken from the tree, and what do you think we found? The nest secure upon one, and the poor mother made fast thereto, by several horse hairs, securely twisted about her neck, and fastened to small twigs ! She was dead, for in some mysterious manner she had lost her life while seeking to defend her home against those bold intruders. Would you have thought it? Others examined the case, but if I had not been present, I might have felt just as you; so been left to wonder how it all came about. My dear little listeners, I would like to talk longer, but our editor makes us afraid to write long stories; but this is a true one however short. Now run and do some good thing for the dear mother who is with you, and I will talk with you again, if you will like to have me. Jeannette Forest Dear Editor, As my age places me among the fathers... Shaker Village, N. H. Dec. 1877 Dear Editor, As my age places me among the fathers, And as good fathers always love to please the children, I have wondered if the boys and girls would not be interested with some account of my former life, as a sailor, and the events which conspired to bring me to my peaceful home with the Shakers. I offer some inci- dents connected with my experience, hoping, by so doing, to do a little good to those for whom I feel a father's love and interest. We will commence with the description of one little Coral Island in the midst of the Pacific Ocean on which we staid about nine weeks. Its position is about 4 deg., North latitude, 157 West longitude, from Greenwich, London, in England. The width of the Pacific Ocean is stated by Geographers to be ten thousand miles, and its entire length from North to South nearly or quite a thousand miles greater than its width. O, it is a vast Ocean! We have sailed on its waters, weary days, months and years; from the latitude of sixty degrees South, in doubling Cape Horn, to that of fifty-two degrees on the North West coast of America. But to return to our Coral Islands whose existence we first learned when a boy, about twelve years of age, from reading 'Fanning's Voyages.' Fanning, as perhaps some of the boys know was a Seal-man from Stonington, Conn, and visited many of the islands in the Pacific Ocean, situated in the South Temperate, and South Frigid Zones, for the purpose of obtaining the skins of the Fur Seal and other fur-bearing amphibious, animals, that were very plenty in these islands. These Seal men used to take their furs to China, and exchange them for teas and silks, which they shipped to Europe and America at an advanced price. It was while making a passage from the islands where he had collected his cargo of fur seal skins, that Fanning discovered the island that now bears his name. He went ashore in his small boat, and found the cocoa nuts growing so near the shore, and so abundant, that his boat's crew by forming a line, were able to pass the nuts from one to another, until their boat was filled. He remained but a short time at the Island, and proceeded on his way to China. Fanning's brother, afterward visited the island and remained three months; collecting Beech de Mer, or Sea Slug; a substance that looks very much like an old india rubber MAJsranffiSTO. THE SHAKBE MANIFESTO. 19 shoe. We have read that the Chinamen put it in their soup. After this preface we will relate the cause of our being on this island, and what transpired there; classing our future correspondence under the title of the Autobiography of a Quondam Sailor. WILLIAM G. LIBBEY