CORRESPONDENCE What was Original Sin? A. L. Griffin Richmond, Ind. [The following extracts are copied to show our readers the leaven that is working among those not of our body. The writer has been a reader of The Shaker, and we leave all to witness how well he sustains his scholarship. Ed.] In relation to his creating a certain individual, placing him in a literal garden, a few years ago, and calling his name Adam, and giving him a law, and saying to him if he disobeyed he should surely die, 1 would say that the Garden of Eden is to be considered as the various powers 'and passions of the mind of each one of us in our primeval state. The command is that we are to cultivate and cherish all the powers of mind to his honor and glory. But to go out of this state or condition of innocence and purity, or Eden-like state, is to transgress a plain law that God lias written in letters '1' living light upon the heart of every intelligent creat' ure; and the whole story of Adam and his family is a figurative representation of us in our entrance into being. The Garden of Eden, then, is only a condition of soul, a paradise, and not a piece of ground, for it is said that a flaming sword was placed at the gates to guard the tree ol life. This flaming sword is the sword of God's spirit, and not a literal sword. The tree of the knowledge of good and evil explains itself to any intelligent mind. The knowledge of good or evil can only be understood in a spiritual sense, and it is represented in the figure as a tree bearing fruit, and eating fruit therefrom is the gratifying of our lusts; and If we put our minds upon those gratifications, they become corrupt, and die a spiritual death, or separation from that purity and innocence which we were in when we came into the world. If we thus alienate ourselves from the blessings of God's spirit, we fain would eat the husks that the swine had left. I believe there are just as many Adams now, and ever have been, as there were prodigal sons, literally, and no more nor less. The meaning of prodigality is the Adam-like or rebellious spirit in man. Each of us has two natures, and our spiritual life is controlled by whichever nature we cultivate. These two natures are represented in the persons of Cain and Abel. The first characterizes a wicked, cruel and murderous spirit, full of sin and transgression. The second represents a meek and quiet spirit, obedient to the teachings of the holy spirit, a state or condition of acceptance with God. So it is plain that if we choose to go down to ruin by earning the mark of Cain, the fault is our own. All of us can fall or rise, as we choose, and the theory that another individual has fallen for us is entirely groundless. Therefore, the text, as in Adam all die, so in Christ shall all be made alive, means that as many of us as practically emulate the character of a rebellious, or Adam-like spirit, shall die a spiritual death and that eternally, unless we accept the offers of divine grace, and return with a penitential heart to our Father's house. (I mean by death, an eternal separation from the joys of heaven.) It is imposaible for us to get into that typical Adam, literally, in order to sin, so it is very plain that we only get into the spirit represented n the type. But we must all personally know of getting into the spirit of Christ practically, in order to be made alive again after we have sinned. 'When T say Christ, I mean the law of the spirit of life, that was in Jesus of Nazareth. That is the only power that can set us free from the law of sin and death, and this spirit of Christ is our Savior, always has been the Savior of the world and is universal in its character, eternal in its duration, infinite in power, is with God and is God, and was fully manifested in his son, or is in all his obedient sons and daughters. This spirit of Christ is dispensed as a light shining bright in the inmost recesses of the heart of every one who will receive it. Each one of us then is an Adam to all intents and purposes, and subject to the law of God individually; and if we eat forbidden fruit, the flaming sword will cut us off from the never-ending joys of the paradise of God. My friend:—Your welcome letter of the 10th... Shakers, N. Y. Dec. 22, 1877, A. GRIFFIN My friend:—Your welcome letter of the 10th but. is at hand, also the article on Original Sin. The views expressed therein, so nearly coincide with my own, that I have little disposition to cavil. Truly, we fall by yielding to the corrupt propensities of a fleshly mind, which are the greatest Devil we need to fear; or we rise into newness of character, by ft spotless life of virtue; even aJesos overcame the nature by which lie was tempted in all points, even as we are. That we are all Adams and Eves by nature, and that we need the resurrecting power of the second Adam, to elevate us above our rudimental conditions, are self-evident truths. The germ of this quickening Spirit is the breath of life, breathed into the intelligent part of every rational being, as an aspiration for a higher life, aided by the redeemed Spirits from the heavens, which will at some period, prompt man to become a living Soul. In your article, on 'Original Sin' you explain death (spiritually) as an eternal separation from the joys of heaven. Do you mean the old theological heaven, in some perpendicular height? Or, do you mean the heavens of virtuous souls, united in the bonds of gospel love, as children of one household? These Heavens are not confined to location. Nor is hell confined to some extreme end of the universe. Individuals and societies, create their own heaven, or hell, whether on Earth, or in the spirit world. Again dear brother, what provision do you make for the benefit of degraded spirits, who enter the spirit world nnregenerated? Are such eternally separated from the joys of heaven? Are they not rational, accountable beings, still free agents? Have they no opportunity for growth or reform, by retracing their 9 1O THE SHAKER IVLAJSJTir'JES'rO. missteps, and rectifying their wrongs? This subject is inexplicable, in the light of general sectarianism; an inexcusable defect in common theology, but deeply interesting and important, to all who sympathize with mortals in unfortunate conditions. Our conceptions of the Parental attributes of Deity, forbid us to exclude the most fallen penitent, from a part in the tender mercies of God, either here or hereafter. I am your friend, Chauncy Dibble LIBERAL LEAGUE CONVENTION F. W. Evans Ed. Shaker: As you are aware, I attended, with Bro. Emil Bretzner, the convention at Rochester. It was a very interesting assembly. It was composed of representations of all parties, sects and creeds, religious and anti-religious—yet, in reality, it was religion, goodness and truth that brought them together and rendered the Convention a truly harmonious Congress of Liberals. And the greatest variety and contrariety of theological and antitheological views and feelings—the most extreme presentations of opposite and antagonistic problems and propositions—Infidel, Spiritualistic, Orthodox and Christian. In one thing all were united—that all theology, in the Civil Government, is a violation of true, pure Americanism. All agreed that the founders of our Government intended to form a constitution that was not Church and State Christianity, nor Church and State antichristianity, but simply Humanitarian, as free from any thing offensive to a Jew, Mohometan, Materialist, Atheist, Hindoo, or Chinese Pagan, as to a spurious, or real Christian. P. S. On Saturday, a Spiritual Medium (female) spoke in a trance state for an hour and a quarter. Good, sound, Shaker theology. Does not this show that Spiritualism and Orthodox Infidelity are one and the same ? Babylon is fallen. The Rochester Rappings have done good service in the course of human progress. Dear Brother G. A. Lomas, I inclose recipe for making unleavened bread... Mt. Lebanon, Dec. 2. —77 Dear Brother G. A. Lomas, I inclose Recipe for making unleavened Bread. The wheat is the starting point. The wheat must be home ground, or you will not have home made bread. We might as well go to Moody and Sankey for pure Christianity, as to go to a worldly miller with our wheat to grind; much less to buy thfl flow to make Shaker whole wheat, or coarse ground, unleavened bread—That is the bread I talk about. The Sisters insist that the unleavened bread cannot be made of the fine ground, or mercantile flour—I believe it. I quite agree with the God of Israel, that the first step in the work of human redemption is to make and eat good bread. 'Beware of the leaven of the Pharisees' should not be made of no practical effect by a pretended spiritualization— Give us the physical and physiological good of the Law, as a basis^ or substance for soul truths—I want something solid and substantial—want to inherit substance—I want to see the redemption of the Stomach, redemption of the land; and the redemption of the creative forces of man and woman. Unleavened Bread 1. Good clean wheat, coarse ground in a Centennial Hand Mill. 2. Scald one third of the flour in boiling milk. When cool, mix in the remaining two thirds of flour. 3. Mold lightly, with a little dry flour, add- ing a very little salt. 4. Bake in a hot oven, on the oven bottom.