Dear Elizabeth, In reading 'The Shaker,' I observe many good things for grown people... Shaker Village, N. H. Dec. 1877 Dear Elizabeth, In reading 'The Shaker,' I observe many good things for grown people; but little children hardly come in for their share. Be sure, the editor has a 'Children's Grotto,' and some other little tokens that childhood is remembered, but would not a short story be nice for some weary mother to read to her little ones, for pleasure to them, and a much needed rest to herself? You have often promised to help those like me—and I am only a little larger girl— when I would knock, so I want to write a story out of whole truth, and then knock for criticisms; but I will only tell what my eyes saw, and ears heard, as wise folks say. To be sure I interest the children, I shall imagine many of them clustered about me in a listening attitude: Little friends, I will repeat to you what I have just told my teacher. I will tell you only truth, for I was there, and saw and heard all I will tell you. Just in front of the house where I lived, when about ten years old, were some low spruce trees ; low, because they had not grown tall since placed in the yard for a shade. In one of these, a little brown sparrow had built a nest, in which she had laid three tiny, spotted eggs. You may be sure I watched the old bird, and saw all she did that young eyes could see, for I knew that dear little birdlings were the natural result of those eggs, and don't you think I laid many girlish plans of feeding them, and coming into selfish ownership of the little family. I waft 17 THK 18 THE SHAKER never'apt to be behind when selfish pleasures were to be enjoyed, so you can see how much I am like the little boy or girl before me, who wants to own something all to his or her- self. One quiet Sabbath morning, when stillness was as real as noise could have been, I heard the sparrow mother making decided notes— shall I call it scolding? that is not a pretty word, but a robin was striving to get possession of the nest, and I tell you, the brave mother sparrow, was stoutly defending her rights. The conflict w:is short, and sharp, when the naughty robin, as I then thought, flew away. My poor, dear sparrow, how she panted, and how good she seemed to me, that she would not desert her little eggs, though sadly persecuted. That is just like any good mother who loves her children dearly. I was still at the window in an upper loft, when three, robins—instead of one—returned, and oh, such a battle as followed ! Well, the result was, in a very short time, my sparrow was vanquished, and hanging by the neck outside the nest. When peace was restored, for the robins left the premises at once, as if guilty, or in fear of the Sheriff—several small branches were taken from the tree, and what do you think we found? The nest secure upon one, and the poor mother made fast thereto, by several horse hairs, securely twisted about her neck, and fastened to small twigs ! She was dead, for in some mysterious manner she had lost her life while seeking to defend her home against those bold intruders. Would you have thought it? Others examined the case, but if I had not been present, I might have felt just as you; so been left to wonder how it all came about. My dear little listeners, I would like to talk longer, but our editor makes us afraid to write long stories; but this is a true one however short. Now run and do some good thing for the dear mother who is with you, and I will talk with you again, if you will like to have me. Jeannette Forest