FARM and GARDEN Improved Bloom Powdered charcoal strewed thickly at the base of plants in blooni; will increase the richness of the flowers to no inconsiderable extent. Lice on Plants The fumes of tobacco is the best curative of lice and other insects on house-plants. Set a little smoking tobacco on fire under the plants, and let the fumes be directed thence to all parts of the plant. Curculio We tested the plan of strewing tomato vines under plum trees, as a preventive of the curculio; and on a tree that we have invariably lost all, or nearly every plum, we had a nice quantity of most beautiful fruit. We shall practice the simple provision. Melons A dry, warm season has proved the very best to develop melons, in size and flavor. We wish to render praise, in especial manner to the variety of muskmelon known as 'Sill's Hybrid,' as foremost in the estimation of all who tested it hereabouts. Cut the Feed. A recent test of the difference of cut and uncut fodder, resulted in fa- vor of one ton of cut hay, straw and stalks being worth a third more than the uncut, as food; and the waste saved by cutting, pays for the cutting. Potatoes as cattle food, will probably come into common use this season... Potatoes as Cattle Food, will probably come into common use this season, in those districts where heavy crops glut the local markets and MAJNTrFICSTO. THE 8HAKF.E 21 heavy freights preclude distant ones. In this connection the results of a series of experiments by Dr. Wolff, a German chemist, may be profitably instructive to some of our readers. He experimented in raw and cooked potatoes to two cows, together with hay and rape-seed cake. When fed on cooked potatoes the animals did not give as large a quan* tity as when fed upon raw; but the milk made nearly a third more butter, forty-two pounds of milk having been required to make a pound of butter in one case and only twenty-seven pounds in the other. Rural New Yorker To prevent moss from growing on young fruit trees it should be removed by... To prevent moss from growing on young fruit trees it should be removed by washing with weak lye, or thin lime whitewash, or strong soapsuds ; or it may simply be scraped off, if thick, and the bark then washed with soapsuds. A reader of the Maine Farmer makes a statement respecting the value of ashes as a fertilizer... A reader of the Maine Farmer makes a statement respecting the value of ashes as a fertilizer; and says he is acquainted with an instance in his own vicinity, where unleached ashes were liberally applied to a field more than twenty years ago; and their good effects over surrounding land, to which they were not applied, are still plainly visible. If every farmer made it a rule, rigidly adhered to, to keep stirring the soil... If every farmer made it a rule, rigidly adhered to, to keep stirring the soil not only to destroy weeds, but to improve the land, farming would be so suddenly advanced that it would amount to almost a revolution. Three important advantages are secured by this simple operation; clearing the land of weeds, mellowing it and enriching it.