TO MY PUPILS My Dear H-, I am pleased to know that what I have written respecting God's word has drawn forth some criticism from, at least, one of my pupils; in replying to which, the opportunity is afforded me of addressing them all. It will never do for Shakers to cross swords, or write merely to controvert another's statements, or to appear smart; but always to enlighten each other: In this spirit I propose to partially analyze what you have written and show its distinctive features—not only for your sake, but for other pu- pils who have desired a further word from me on the subjerts embraced by you. I would first advise all of moderate reading and education, to adopt the hypothetical and interrogatory mode of criticism if they wish to avoid exposure. What I mean by hypothetical, is conditional; thus : 'If I understand you, do not such conditions follow ? If your first position is true, is not the second false? It seems to me that both cannot be true etc.' By this mode of criticism any subject may be discussed without offense, exposure or breach of union, and ful| as much light shed, as can be by the categorical or dogmatic mode, which is generally offensive : I hope all my pupils will bear this in mind. I will further add that none can be absolutely certain of the legitimacy of their conclusions on complex subjects, without conforming to the canons of logic, which demand that we never impute a word to the criticised that was n-t used by them : never sum up conclusions until the propositions have been reduced to their simplest elements. That nothing new be added—and no phrase used of a merely sarcastic nature etc. Had my pupil and criticiser observed these few rules—it would have been of much benefit to him. It now becomes my duty to point out some of the mistakes made in the criticism under review. (1.) In your quotation of the fixed throne being a chimera; it seems you failed to observe that it was only applicable to the Infinite; but admitted in the finite. (2.) In reply to the question : 'Where is God's Kingdom ?' I would repeat the words of Christ: 'It is within you'—in all humans. God is ever there to direct, to approve or condemn every word or act of the earth life. But there is another Kingdom : Christ says, 'I go to prepare a place for you1' This place is doubtless his Kingdom in the spirit world—of which, the one we enjoy here, is but the shadow. . Two conditions are absolutely necessary to the existence of a Kingdom ; first, a King, second, subjects; it cannot exist in the absence of either. We ha\e Christ and Ann for our King and Queen, who must ever appear in their vicegerents and appointees—reign and rule, so long as God's Kingdom shall exist on eartii. This is impregnable and as unchangeable as Deity himself. Any person in theKingdom, who aspires to lead, and prates about personal rights, in contradistinction to the gift of God in the Lead, has need to go to school bodily ; such are not out of their a. b. abs— have not yet learned to spell Baker, Brier nor Cider, and should at once g) to the foot of the class. (3.) You speak of 'following the teacher a. round the infinite circle, only where he variesfrom it.' The teacher must inform his pupils, that an infinite circle is an absurdity,—space is infinite, but with a circle around it, it woulf? be finite. (4.) Are you not mistaken in assertinff that your teacher says: 'God is everything and everything is God ?' He has uniformly en deavored to impress his pupils with the fact; that there are two and but two substances in existence—Spirit and matter. That thought was the attribute of one, and extension the attribute of the other ; they being contradictory and not interchangeable. (5.) My pupil now proceeds to the task of God-making. (Excuse me, I would avoid saying this if I could.) He firstly speaks of a 'force not always visible,' should have said, never visible Secondly: he says, 'this force is motion, life.' We may here ask, if this force is the mo. tion, what C uised the motion ? Thirdly : he then uses the term God to represent this force or motion, and further says it is God—then says, this God appears to him to be an element or part of infinity'(!) Is not this, when analyzed, simply declaring that force is an element—motion is an element—life is an element and God is an element and only apart o' infinity ? THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. This part then, is God No. 1. Next in order comes God, No. 2. whom my pupil sets up in a personal form and locates him in the skies, in order to show his contempt for him, when, a personal God, is the very one whom he should first respect and obey : For 'he that receiveth whomsoever I send, receiveth me, and he that receivetl) me, receiveth him that sent me.''— Ckrist. Thus we see the immediate persona' comes first—the remote personal second—the impersonal third : This is God's order : Thus •s the finite swallowed up in the infinite : 'Hid with Christ in God.' Thirdly my pupil gives us the modus operandi, by which he makes God No. 3. whom he tells us he recognizes, and to whom he bends the knee in worship and prayer. This feat is performed by taking only two of the attributes of Deity, which he personifies. Now if my pupils prefer an Attributal God, instead of the being who possesses them, I would suggest the propriety of adding a few more. Humility, might come in along with the attributes of Justice, Mercy, Charity and others. But in choosing two qualities only, for his God, he has secured himself from punishment—perhaps this was his object. He says: 'This is tine God whose voice we hear* * * This is the God we will worship and pray to.' A God that can neither hear, speak, understand, reward nor punish(!!) I would much prefer the God of Moses—the author of the Ten Commandments. In fact, I would prefer a fetich at once ; and bend the knee to the rising sun ! I would really be glad to know how many of my pupils were included in his plural pronoun we, would hope not many. (6) But further; he says: 'The application of the term God, to any compound of ideas is a pun that does for conceited theologians to quarrel over; but [over which,] lovers of truth have no time to waste.' Thissarcastic fling at theologians is not in good taste : seeing my pupil has placed himself in their category, by compounding his God of two ideas—the very thing he ridicules; and, being • lover of truth, it logically follows, that he has no time to waste over the God of his own creation ! We should all be careful after having set a trap, not to put our own hand in it. (7.) After quoting '¦'¦Vox populi Vox Dei.'' He says : 'With highest regard for our veteran Elder, but none the less distaste for the sentiment, we cannot discover in what sense the phrase is false.' And then mistakenly adds : '.'according to our teacher's definition, all voices must he God's voice.' Except if you please, the free agent man, who can speak either God's word or his own : of whom Locke says, if not wholly free, is free enough to do or not to do, to speak or not to speak—to obey God or disobey, and is thus accountable for every act or word. It is God's word when directed by the operation of his spirit on the higher consciousness—and man's word when induced by .selfishness or the lower propensities. Jesus spake from the former, hence his word was the word of God. It seems to me this is plain enough for the 'simple mind.' Now. what is really meant by Democracy and a vox populi government, is, the popular voice of the people as opposed to the unpopular—the majority against the minority. Two voices either singly or in the aggregate, that are opposed to each other, cannot both be God's voice. It will not be disputed that there are more persons, the world over, who speak from the selfish stand-point, than those who do not, whence it logically follows that ' Vox populi, is not Vox Dei'' or the voice of God. This conclusion is irrefutable. Does my pupil now see the point ? It was the popular voice that crucified Christ, and today it is opposed to his kingdom on earth. (8.) My pupil's definition of Democracy and Theocracy is obscure and unsatisfactory. I will try to define them. First: A Democracy is a government of men, with the power lodged in the body and controlled by the popular will. Vvlgaris quotidian us : hence the protempore head is appointed by the power below. It is a government in which every man wants to be on his neighbor's shoulders : and the aspirant for headship, who has the most money, and is the most skillful in manipulating the vulgar herd succeeds, whether he be best or worst. It is a scramble for the top shelf, governed entirely from the selfish stand-point, and in the event of equal forces, war comes in as a necessary adjunct and final arbiter, with all the passions of the Beast and whore let loose upon the world. This is Democracy with its X3 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 13 clothes off. Do we want any of it in Christ's kingdom? Second: A Theocracy is the government of God, in which the head is appointed from a. bove. A government in which the selfish and passional nature of man, can have no voice, nor controlling influence. 'Even to this man will I look, saith God, who is of an humble spirit and contrite heart.' The headship is thrust on him against his will—He seeks it not. He lays down hTs life for God and his fellow-creatures. Party and division ;ire the life of Democracy—but the same is the death of Theocracy. They are antipodal; what is life to the one is death to the other. But I am asked: 'Of what avail is a the- ocracy or its God, if the people fail to recognize it?' Ans : Such as fail to recognize it, have no business in it. It is a day of freedom—either accept the kingdom and be subject to it, or reject it and depart from it. These are the kind spoken of by the Apostle whom he says : 'Not discerning the Lord's body, eat and drink damnation : for this cause many are [spiritually} sick among you, and many are asleep.' 1. Cor. ii. 29.—Six persons joined together forming the Lord's body, with a Godappointed head, are better than (iOO or 6000 with a vox popvili head. You think 'Aristocracy and Theocracy are closely allied,' when they are asunder world-wide. The one seeks power of his own will, the other shrinks from it. The one rules by his own will, the other by the will of God. The one gratifies the passional nature. The other crucifies it. In fine they are unlike in everything, allied in nothing. Let me notice further : you say, 'the quali- ties of our leaders are much higher appreciated when strongly tinctured by the essence of Democracy, making them like unto the people.'' Should the head seek to be like the body, or the body like the head? Should Christ's followers seek to be like him, or he seek to be like them? Should Christ bear rule, or the body bear rule ? O ! blind infatuation ! as well allow your own body with its passions and carnal desires to control your head, as to allow the popular voice of the multitude professing membership, to be the governing power of the body of Christ. But I am asked : 'Suppose the head should fail ? what then ?' Even should this occur, it would only hasten entire dissolution to make a head of the fingers and toes—this done, it would not squirm long. We have examples enough in typical Israel to fully satisfy this inquiry. But I must close. What I have written has not been prompted by any selfish motive ; my days, yea even my very last hours of earthly existence, seem fast closing over my head; and I trust all my dear pupils will ac- cept these words from me kindly, as they are kindly given. Harvey L. Eades South Union, Ky