What was Original Sin? A. L. Griffin Richmond, Ind. [The following extracts are copied to show our readers the leaven that is working among those not of our body. The writer has been a reader of The Shaker, and we leave all to witness how well he sustains his scholarship. Ed.] In relation to his creating a certain individual, placing him in a literal garden, a few years ago, and calling his name Adam, and giving him a law, and saying to him if he disobeyed he should surely die, 1 would say that the Garden of Eden is to be considered as the various powers 'and passions of the mind of each one of us in our primeval state. The command is that we are to cultivate and cherish all the powers of mind to his honor and glory. But to go out of this state or condition of innocence and purity, or Eden-like state, is to transgress a plain law that God lias written in letters '1' living light upon the heart of every intelligent creat' ure; and the whole story of Adam and his family is a figurative representation of us in our entrance into being. The Garden of Eden, then, is only a condition of soul, a paradise, and not a piece of ground, for it is said that a flaming sword was placed at the gates to guard the tree ol life. This flaming sword is the sword of God's spirit, and not a literal sword. The tree of the knowledge of good and evil explains itself to any intelligent mind. The knowledge of good or evil can only be understood in a spiritual sense, and it is represented in the figure as a tree bearing fruit, and eating fruit therefrom is the gratifying of our lusts; and If we put our minds upon those gratifications, they become corrupt, and die a spiritual death, or separation from that purity and innocence which we were in when we came into the world. If we thus alienate ourselves from the blessings of God's spirit, we fain would eat the husks that the swine had left. I believe there are just as many Adams now, and ever have been, as there were prodigal sons, literally, and no more nor less. The meaning of prodigality is the Adam-like or rebellious spirit in man. Each of us has two natures, and our spiritual life is controlled by whichever nature we cultivate. These two natures are represented in the persons of Cain and Abel. The first characterizes a wicked, cruel and murderous spirit, full of sin and transgression. The second represents a meek and quiet spirit, obedient to the teachings of the holy spirit, a state or condition of acceptance with God. So it is plain that if we choose to go down to ruin by earning the mark of Cain, the fault is our own. All of us can fall or rise, as we choose, and the theory that another individual has fallen for us is entirely groundless. Therefore, the text, as in Adam all die, so in Christ shall all be made alive, means that as many of us as practically emulate the character of a rebellious, or Adam-like spirit, shall die a spiritual death and that eternally, unless we accept the offers of divine grace, and return with a penitential heart to our Father's house. (I mean by death, an eternal separation from the joys of heaven.) It is imposaible for us to get into that typical Adam, literally, in order to sin, so it is very plain that we only get into the spirit represented n the type. But we must all personally know of getting into the spirit of Christ practically, in order to be made alive again after we have sinned. 'When T say Christ, I mean the law of the spirit of life, that was in Jesus of Nazareth. That is the only power that can set us free from the law of sin and death, and this spirit of Christ is our Savior, always has been the Savior of the world and is universal in its character, eternal in its duration, infinite in power, is with God and is God, and was fully manifested in his son, or is in all his obedient sons and daughters. This spirit of Christ is dispensed as a light shining bright in the inmost recesses of the heart of every one who will receive it. Each one of us then is an Adam to all intents and purposes, and subject to the law of God individually; and if we eat forbidden fruit, the flaming sword will cut us off from the never-ending joys of the paradise of God.