HOME TOPICS Ventilation All the disinfectants that can be used in sick rooms, unless accompanied with good ventila tion, are useless, or at least comparatively useless. Ventilation _/frs, in all cases; this is of primary impor tance and should never be forgotten. Oatmeal. —Oatmeal contains the largest amount of nutriment of any cereal. A man could live and grow fat on a quart of milk and six cents' worth of oatmealper day. Persons who wish to live economically can thus reduce their expenses to seventy-five cents per week. -?*? If the sufferer from sore and enlarged joints... If the sufferer from sore and enlarged joints in the feet will bathe the parts with iodide of ammonia he can be relieved as speedily as I have been. [American Farm Journal. We are not innocent... We are not innocent when w« do anything to harm ourselves. L. C. Why are cultivated flowers called Florist's flowers... Why are cultirftted flowen called Florist's flowers? BecMM they owe tlieir variations to the skill of florists, and not to the ordinary processes of nature. U. S. Agri. Report. A Paris Journal states... A I'mis Journal states that the bad smell and taste of Butter may be entirely removed by working it over in water mixed with Chloride of Lime. Take a sufficient quantity of water to work it in, add twenty-five to thirty drop! Chloride Lime, for every ten lbs. Butter. When thoroughly worked in this solution, it should be worked again in pure water, when it will be as sweet as when first made. Cures for Fits 1. For a fit of passion.—Walk out in the open air: you may speak your mind to the winds without hurting any one, or proclaiming yourself a simpleton. 2. For a fit of Idleness.—Count the ticking of a clock: do this for one hour, and you will be glad to pull off your coat the next and work at anything. To Remove Marks from Tables Hot dishes sometimes leave whitish marks on varnished tables, when set as they should not be, carelessly upon them. For removing them, pour some lamp oil on the spot, and rub it hard with a soft cloth. Pour on a little spirits, and rub it dry with another cloth, and the whole mark will disappear, leaving the table as bright as before.