CAUSE AND EFFECT WATSON ANDREWS If the forty days fast, the years of travel in suffering, the agonies of Gethsemane and death-throes of the cross of Jesus, were necessary, being causative for the production of the first Pentecostal wave ; and the long years of similar toil and sufferings of Ann Lee until her excessive labors in the works of God often reduced her to the helplessness of an infant, were similarly producing causes of the second; can Tve reasonably expect a third, and as we hope a far greatter out-pouring of the spirit and power of God, without similar labors and preparation, by those who are to be the ministering agents in such an important event ? Verily the storm rages and the ship is engulfed in the waves. If the Christ is asleep, is it not our duty to awaken him ; if we do not, whose fault will it be if we perish ? We have reason to hope a far more wide-spread work in the coming Pentecost, as the number of qualified agents is far greater. But if when the 'midnight cry is heard,' the work of supplying our lamps with oil has to be entered into, should we not fear that the doors will be closed before we are ready ? If separation from all worldly influences, and untiring labors for the love and power of God, together with the purity of life and self-denying habits of the founders of this gospel, scarcely sufficed to give us the victory ; and the seekers of to-day can hope for no other means by which to gain their salvation than the adoption of Christian life practices ; where is the safety for any if we relax our labors or our zeal? If our zeal has already so cooled that we are satisfied with but one meeting a week, instead of one or two meetings each day, as in the early years of our travel was found a necessity for protec- tion ; and if our spiritual tastes have become so perverted that business, politics and worldly amusements can satisfy, instead of 'that bread which Cometh down from heaven ;' shall we be able to give that bread to others ; can we hope to cultivate those tastes in others, which we, by neglect, have lost? Can we minister what we do not possess? a love we do not feel? a zeal we do not manifest ? Or has human nature become so changed, that now, self-indulgence is to be the means of salvation, instead of self-denial? Brethren and Sisters, 'let us not deceive ourselves with such delusive hopes ; what we sow that shall we also reap.'* Like will produce like, every time, at least in spiritual organisms. Do not tell me that we are aged and weak, that we cannot engage to much purpose in the worship of God : 'Bodily exercise profiteth little ; but God seeketh such to worship him as worship in spirit and in truth.' Though we can but barely crawl to the church room, if 7 we come there full of the love of God and for one another, (instead of the last newspaper gossip on our minds,) which was gained by a full, hourly consecration of all our energies to tin; cause ; depend upon it, each one so coming, will add a glowing brand to the burning, and all so uniting, will ere long produce a fire that will ''kindle the dry leaves afar off.' North Union. Ohio.