BE NOBLE BY THE EDITOR The children are not forgotten by any means; neither through neglect nor through an abundance of else to do and to think of! They must have a department in every number. We will begin the series in this volume, by saying, that your friends are desirous you should be interested and profited. One of the children's friends has written, that 'the SHAKER MANIFESTO. first step towards being instructed in any good thing, is to become thoroughly interested.' I am confident you all would like to be considered noble ; and the first step towards being so, is to be true to think and act, as you have been taught is right; and while making few or no mistakes, you will grow up to be noble men and women. The little boy who raised a stone to kill the toad, thought he heard something speak to him, 'that it was a wrong act,' and he did not throw the stone. It was conscience that spoke to that boy, and it will speak to you too. One boy was at work in a linen shop, and his employer wanted him to help stretch a piece of linen, to make it longer, so as to get more money for it. 'I cannot do it!',' he cried, 'for it is wrong to do so!' His employer discharged him, stating he would never make a salesman ; but he grew up a godly man, and was none other than Dr. Adam Clarke, of whom your friends can tell you, a great deal of nobility for which he was noted. Be kind to those who need help; and who cannot easily help themselves. Not long since, a School-house in the city of New York caught fire. One noble boy remained, until he saw all the little fellows were safe, and then, choking with smoke, carried in his arms a poor, crippled boy, whom he induced to sit still, under promise that he would save him; and he did save him! The School authorities summoned this noble fellow before them, spoke very many good words to him, and presented him with a valuable medal! But the noble feelings he can always have that he so helped the needy, are worth more than all medals! It was a noble little girl, (who after became a very noble woman,) who begged that some naughty boys would stop teasing and stoning a deranged woman, telling them that 'it is somebody's dear mother, may be!' And not another stone was thrown, nor any further disrespect shown. Conscience will be near you, if you do not drive it away by many acts of disobedience; but too oft this is the case, and it is left to stand afar off, like a reproving angel, who cannot get nearer because of repeated acts of rebellion. See what happens, oftentimes to those who are not noble enough to be obedient to what they know is right: Three boys stood close by the Hudson river ; one boy suggests that they all go in swimming; two agreed to do so, the other said he had promised his mother he would not go in swimming unless she knew of it. The other two laughed at his noble stand to obey his mother. They went in swimming; and thence into an old boat; the boat turned over and both boys were drowned. It was afterward learned, that these two boys had given their parents the same promise of the noble boy who kept his, and saved his life. Be noble, dear children in all things.