SIN. No. 1 ALONZO HOLLISTER The Apostle says, 'Sin is transgression of the law, for where there is no law there can be no transgressions.' God is subjection to law, for there cannot be order without law, and where order is not, there cannot be heaven. The existence of heaven depends upon obedience to those laws, that produce happiness. When Jesus the Christ began his travail in the regeneration, by obedience to the law of eternal life, he commenced to 'create a new heaven.' Hence, he is the beginning of the new Creation of God, and all who follow in his steps, are co- workers with him, in forming the new heavens, or heavenly order. Confused elements mingled together without order and laws, are called chaos. If it is admitted that God is the fount-, ain of order, it will follow that the nearer we come to God, the more order He requires ; and by so much as we depart from the laws that God ordains for the regulation of our conduct, just so much we depart from heaven, and transgress against the universal economy of sentient life, of which each individual constitutes a part; and transgression is sin, whether willfully, or iguorantly done. Among God's typical people, the High priest was required to make atonement once a year for sins of ignorance. We presume that for their known sins, they made their own atonement, by con3 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. fessing and forsaking. Sin obstructs the channel of God's blessing, by interpos ing a barrier between the sinner and his Source of elementary spiritual life ; thereby cutting him off' from the tree of life Hence, said a certain seer to the transgressors of old, 'Your iniquities have separated between you and your God and your sins have hid His face from you. MEANS OF ATONEMENT. The only way God has provided in compassion for frail humanity, even through His beloved Son, is by confession and repentance. 'Not one soul may be forgiven, except he repents,' and true repentance includes forsaking the ivrony confessed. It is evident that the spirit which causes a soul to honestly confess sin, is directly opposed to the disposition to commit sin. Consequently the tongue when moved by an honest spirit to confess, becomes as a sword to slay the evil; and so long as the spirit of truth keeps the control, the evil disposition has not power to act; and the certainty of exposure, lessens the power of temptation in many points, almost to cipher. , BUT WHY CONFESS TO MAN ? We do not confess to man, but to God in man. When Ananias deceitfully kept back part of the price, while professing to consecrate his possessions, the Apostle told him he had 'not lied unto man, but unto God.' Ananias and Sapphira lied unto God, by acting a lie before His appointed order, with intent to deceive His ministers, and were taken away in their sin. By bringing all our sins and useless burdens, and laying them open before His order appointed to hear confessions, we feel them removed, and a new clean spirit comes within, which restrains us from sinning, so long as this honest spirit is preferred. WHY SHOULD MAN OR WOMAN HEAR OUR CONFESSIONS? First; because the Spirit of wisdom and justice requires it. Second; because no soul can find God, and be truly joined to Him, except through union with his fellow man. 'Inasmuch as ye have done it unto the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me,' said the son of God. Hence, if we find a true spiritual union with the Brethren and Sisters of Christ, we find it with him, and through him, draw nigh to God the Father. And there is no other avenue of access to God; for the Son declared, 'None can come to the Father, except through me.' Jno. xiv. G. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.