THOUGHTS FOR TODAY DANIEL FRASER will guide others have apmariner on the sea, it to the way of safety. Did you ever see those who peared to be the very embodiment of virtue and goodness, in whose presence there was a heavenly atmosphere ? They seemed to you 'like an oasis in a dreary desert, like green spots on a barren waste.'' You have desired to be like them, as good and pure. Yon can be, if you will make the effort; you can adorn your soul with such purity. You can make your life so virtuous that you will possess the power most heavenly and divine ! Constant self-denying struggles will enable you to do it. When you have striven earnestly, and felt at the close of the day, that you have been made better by those strivings, when you have overcome some mighty temptation, what a flood of happiness fills your soul to overflowing! Strive to so live, that 'life's As a man feels, so he thinks ; as he thinks, so he is. Therefore, watch your heart, your emotions with all diligence, for out of your emotions are the issues of good and evil to yourself and others. Keep physiological law; moral law can then be easily kept. The destiny of nations, communities, and individuals, is in their own hands. Their history is but a chapter in physiology and morals—a photograph of the results of compliance with good or evil emotions. The perpetuity of just governments can only be maintained, by every person being a land-holder ; and land limitations being enforced. Land monopolies breed discontent; they ruined the Republics of the past. Financial laws, schemes, and customs, that enable any man, or set of men to change the value of labor, or property not theirs, are ruinous to -private and public morals : they even strike the land with sterility. Why? A high rate of interest tempts the farmer to skin his land, and invest elsewhere than in Ms farm. Tramps are the results of hard-heartedness ; usurious speculations ; corruption, and blind selfishness. They are a Force, and may become terribly so. 6 THE SHAKER M-AJSTIIT'ESTO. They render life and property now, everywhere insecure. It is cheaper to feed, than to fight them. Christian sentiment demands that they be decently provided for. Make them and their children landholders, and they, even they, will become the bulwarks of free institutions, useful and productive. Ignore them you cannot ; neglect them, drive them from your doors, and you may be driven from your own doors. Up and be doing, avert the coming storm ! Secure the welfare of others, and your own will be sure. Gentleness, is better than Force.Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.