EDITORIAL NOTES CONGRATULATION We bow respectfully to our patrons, appearing as we do in Vol. 8. with form and features expressive of improvement. We congratulate all our readers upon the signs of our progress, and are happy to state that all is the work of Shaker hands. We ask for a thorough perusal, kind criticism, and happy reflection. Our object is to do good alone. We have no right to harm any one's feelings nor would we do so. Our first object is to promote radical, Christian religion among all people, regardless of name or denominational persuasion. We congratulate you and ourselves that we have been vouchsafed the encouragement that permits us to go on rejoicing in the good cause. SPIRIT COMMUNICATION The spirit communication published in Nov. Shaker, purporting to come from Mother Ann Lee attracted very wide attention, and has been commented upon most profusely, and always favorably. Had the most astute Shaker of today written that message, it would not have ¦embraced more of the radical, early faith than it did. Many mediums have persuaded themselves to believe that Mother Ann influenced them to write out messages for her. These would almost invariably contain clauses that would imply recantation of her mission, instruction to 'progress' out of so much sexual purity ; aiming at the destruction of the foundational pillars, etc. But here is one we can afford to believe to be genuine, because it agrees with the communications we receive from time to time ; and the fact that it came through a boy-medium, an entire stranger to us as a people, out on the Pacific Ocean, yet true to the letter of our principles ! Spiritualists and Spiritist Free-lovers, take notice ! A CONTINUOUS THANK OFFERING That was a beautiful paragraph in N. Y. State Governor's Proclamation, that suggested, amid 'religious services, happy family reunions and social enjoyments incident to the occasion, the poor and unfortunate be remembered with generous liberality.' When our love and thanks to God shall alway take this form of expression, there will be more practical religion in the world than Bibles, Prayer Books or Churchal ceremonies can ever inaugurate. 'I prmy thee then, said Abou, Write me as one who loves my fellow men; And the next night he came again, With a great awakening light, S/inuinij the )innen ichom ] km of Cod had blest, And lo! Ben Adhem's name led all the rest!'