TO THE EVANGEL J. M. PEEBLES [and] ELVAH F. COLLINS Speed! Zion missionary, speed The gospel light to spread! Afar in distant, heathen lands 0, break the living bread ! Those lands, where nature sweetly smiles, And rich response is given, Those lands, where luxury wealth outvies, And earth seems almost heaven. Fair lands ! in all that there could teem To make it paradise. Blest homes ! where man might holy live, And in redemption rise. But ah! the blight that finds him now In idle sin's disgrace, Has spread its dark and shady pall O'er all the human race. We love to sing of spicy isles, Or Afric's burning clime, Of India's brilliant coral reefs, Of Asia's glorious prime. But soon our song is changed and sad, The pensive strain soon hushed, To know that where earth's Eden lies, The higher life is crushed. Crushed in the multitude, where Ignorance has ne'er let in The glowing light of truth that shows How progress climbs to win. We know that hearts in every land Have sought to live to God, Preferring sacrifice, to sin's Relentless chastening rod. But angel mercy, would reclaim The many prone to wrong, And swell in heaven a song of joy That earth might echo strong. All blank were life, without the hope Of immortality, That's born within the human heart, Though buried it may be. God bless the hand that takes the plough? To break the solid clay ! And delves to find the precious ore, Long hidden far away. God bless the sower, and the seed That germinates for good ! And bears the fruit of holiness, The soul's sustaining food. We bless, and angel spirits bless The missionary true, And oft on silent wing we go To help, and comfort you. We place the cord of sympathy In firm and friendly hands, They bear it over ocean wave, And desert-whitened sands. They twine it round your spirit form That often seems alone, Amid the apathy of heart, That knows not meat, from stone. With steady unremitting grasp, We'll hold this cord of love Till to its limit you have gone, And turning, homeward move. We pray, in blended prayer, for heaven: To shroud you in its power, We sing, to call the angel choirs To cheer the lonely hour. And then we send the message glad Across our cable strong, And fancy we can hear you say, 'How thrilling is the song!' 0, bright the oriental stars That stud th' ethereal dome! But brighter are the golden gems That light our Zion home. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. And fair the fruits that grace the land That eastern breezes fan, But fairer are those angel gifts, That Mt. Zion's mountains span. So, we would draw your toiling soul From labor's weary field, (When you have seen the truth take root, And pruned till errors yield.) To share the blessed recompense Of peace, and harmony, Where not a ripple breaks, to stir The calm untroubled sea Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.