Is there a demand for THE MANIFESTO GEO. ALBERT LOMAS , EDITOR. SHAKERS N. Y. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO Is there a demand or a necessity foxit ? Among the thousands of publications, periodicals, and general literature, printed in modern times, there is not anything of a religious character,'that bears any comparison with the entire testimony of The Shaksb Manifesto. There is not one that we know of, that encourages sexual purity, to the extent it demands of every follower of Jesus, the Christ. Does not the world need a more radical Christian testimony than any other religious periodical has as yet pre- sumed to advocate ? Are not the lusts of the flesh, through sexual impurities the roots of all the deviltry operating in the world today ? And are not these impurities winked at by the general churches of the land ? and a stillness that can be felt operating with the religious press, representing these churches? Where this side of Mosaic statutes, can be found a severer denunciator of the perverted uses of the generative functions, than in Shaker testimony and its organ The Shaker Manifesto ? Where will be found more manifest rebukes, that more are not born with sound minds in healthy bodies, than in the poverty of material necessary to make good Shakers ? Where else is the organ that testifies of the two natures of humanity, patterning the first man Ad- am, and the second man Christ? or which teaches that the generation of the species human is of the earth, earthy— yet unchristian ? or that makes celibacy on the part of the whole church of Christ a necessity with all its Communicants? We cannot point to such a periodical. We are familiar with the fact that the Roman Catholic Church has an enforced celibacy in several of its orders ; but that it as truly deals with marriage and the propagation of the species as sacraments of the Christian Church, and implies a necessity that the Church shall make the marital bond ! The Shaker Manifesto is the only exponent of the gospel of that radical Christianity which declares human propagation right—rightly conducted—by 'the children of the world ;' and against this propagation, by these parties, guided by Mosaic statutes, utters no vjord of protett. And it is the only advocate of the superior life, that the kingdom of Christ, of heaven, is peopled with celibates for this kingdom's sake; that while 'the children of the world marry,' and engage in human generations, however properly, the children of the resurrected Christ neither marry nor propagate, but live as did Jesus, strictly, virgin celibates without exceptions. There are other periodicals that advocate community of goods as does The Shaker Manifesto, but none more so ; none advocate the measures of peace more strongly, nor as radically, when viewing all contentions and wars as the consequences of 'the lusts that war within your members.' Still there are numerous organs of societies God be praised, advocating more brotherhood and less inequalities ; less of wars and their causes ; and more of the heavenly relations on earth. But until there shall burst forth a herald of testimony, as deep and deeper in all that constituted the Primitive Christian Church, with the it THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 15 added self-denials, economy and organizations of the Second Appearing of the Christ Spirit, than does The Shaker Manifesto proclaim, we hold its issue a necessity demanded for a fuller salvation of the people.