CHRISTIAN CULTURE. No. 8 WM. H. BUSSELL . Activity. Life is action; death, the cessation of action. But, in its strictest sense, there is no cessation of action, hence, no death. Every particle of matter in the universe is instinct with activity. It enters into combination with other particles, producing the vast variety of forms in the mineral, vegetable and animal worlds, and constituting the vast assemblage of spheres where Divine Love and Wisdom hold limitless sway. There is no limit to growth. Change, or progress from lower to higher forms of life, is incessantly going on. Action is an essential attribute of beauty. The decaying tree gradually ceases to charm, because that which constitutes its life is retiring. The human form may please by reason of the regularity of its various parts, but the magnetic, intellectual, moral and spiritual forces serve greatly to heighten and intensify the beauty arising from regularity of form and features, and, in fact, not only to conceal positive defects, but to cause them to be regarded by many as beauties rather than blemishes. 'Bury the dead out of my sight,' is the language of even the intensest affection. Anc why? Because that is not the one that was loved so ardently. The smile, the merrj laugh, the kindly word, the eagerness to please and be pleased, in a word, all that constitutes the living and active soul, are gone, and one tcanno be satisfied with the mere shadow s The dead are mourned because that which had power to charm has departed, apparently forever. 'The friends of my youth, where are they?' is the cry of many an affectionate heart&gt; and to many only echo answers—'Where are they?' Not so with those whom the divine inbreathings have aroused to a consciousness of the life beyond the seeming death. 'They mourn not as those who have no hope.' To them the so-called dead are still the living and active, endowed with a higher form of life, and favored with conditions of existence superior to those of the present state. The life of the Christian in its highest stage corresponds to the life of God, which is action in its supremest sense. The Divine action evolves worlds and systems of worlds and sends them forth on their never-ending journeys. It develops therefrom the various grades of life, both material and spiritual, and carries them forward in their continually ascending course. The apostolic injunction,— 'Be ye imitators of God as dear children—' applies to Christians as active, creative beings. God never made a hermit, not even a fasting, praying Simon Stylites. 'Those who live in pleasures, or lusts, are dead while they live,'' and so also those who under pretense of greater sanctity, lead indolent lives. The Divine Providence has always performed its part in behalf of man. How capacious, and fertile, and beautiful the earth which has been bestowed upon him! But how many indolent ones still occupy it! Is it a matter of wonder at all that so many thousands are destitute of the means to sustain the physical existence, which is the foundation of all life and activity? Is it a matter of astonishment that the grand metropolis of France should for a time have been under the control of those who knew well that themselves and offspring had been wronged, though they knew not how to rectify their wrongs? Or that society even in this land of equality! should sometimes be startled out of its sense of propriety by what so many are pleased to style the foolish movements of the laboring classes? Granted that they are foolish and criminal even, some of them, yet where shall we lay the blame of the manifest folly? When all persons, whatever their rank in society, shall put their hands, heads and hearts to useful work, and keep THE SHAKER IVLAJSTTEHEISTO. them to work, there will be no strikes nor any necessity for them. Universal activity will bring universal wealth—wealth that is worthy of the name—such as blesses man corporeally, intellectually and morally. The church in the apostles' day had an inkling of this truth; and the words of Paul, 'If a man will not work neither shall he eat,' are in accordance with the soundest principles of justice ¦and economy. If an individual employs his hands in useful labor, he is entitled to bodily support; if he applies his mental faculties to the acquisition of useful knowledge, he is entitled to the benefits arising from such appli- cation ; if he gives his heart to God in the cultivation of every virtue, he will reap the reward of such devotion in 'the peace of God which passes understanding;' in power to subject his inferior inclinations and passions to those more exalted and unchanging dispositions that belong to such as have arisen to the serene heights where truth and purity forever reign. All these are the especial prerogatives of every Christian. But, at the present time, there are obstacles to the universal attainment of these blessings. How many thousands are willing to employ their hands in useful labor and yet are unable to do so through no fault of their own. Being destitute of this primary means of culture, they are, as a necessary consequence, deprived, in a great measure, of those that appertain to the intellectual and moral powers. And yet the world is in pursuit of glory and the immortality that accompanies glory! From the grand heights built of human flesh and bones and flowing with human gore, the conquerors of the world Jook down upon it with apparent satisfaction ! With what complacency the rich man looks upon his possessions! 'These are all mine, the result of my ingenuity and skill; I have made me an everlasting name, I want no more !' Yet it is true that he 'who had not where to lay his head,' and who bid his disciples to sheathe every sword but that of truth, now sits upon the throne of infinite love, of peace, and of a stability never to be shaken. His •disciples attain to the same throne by the same means that he did; by an activity that subdues the world of selfishness; that makes the hand the instrument of a clear head and a pure heart; that works for the purpose of making the whole earth a garden filled with whatever is delightful to the purest sense, and will not cease until the reign of peace and love shall become universal. Groveland N. Y..