Selected When a man chooses the rewards of virtue, he must remember that to resign the pleasures of vice is part of his bargain. To think kindly of each other is good; to speak kindly of each other is better; but to act kindly one towards another is best of all. The love which does not lead to labor will Roon die out; and the thankfulness which does not embody it-self in sacrifices is already changing to ingratitude. How to be Somebody Don't stand sighing, wishing and waiting, but go to work with an energy and perseverance 'hat will set every object in the way of your success flying like leaves before a whirlwind. A milk and water way of doing business leaveR a man in the lurch every time. He may have ambition enough to wish himself on the topmost round of the ladder of success, but if he has not the goaheaditiveness to pull himself up there, he will inevitably remain at the bottom, or at best, on the very low rounds. Never say I can't, never admit there is such a word; it has dragged its tens of thousands to poverty and degradation, and it is high time it was stricken from our language ; but carry a whole lexicon of I cans and I wills with you, and thus armed, every obstacle in the way of your success will vanish. Never envy your neighbor his success, but try and become like him, and as much better as you can. If at first you don't succeed, don't wilt down with despondency and I can't, but gird on the armor of I can, and my word for it you will. If We Had But a Day Mary Lowe Dickinson We should fill the hour with the sweetest things If we had but a day; We should drink alone at the purest springs In our upward way; We should love with a life-time's love in an hour If the hours were few; , We should rest, not for dreams, but for fresher power To be and do. We should guide our wayward or wearied wills By the clearest light; We should keep our eyes on the heavenly hills If they lay in sight; We should trample the pride and the discontent Beneath our feet; We should take whatever a good God sent With a trust complete. We should waste no moment in weak regret If the day were but one, If what we remember and what we forget Went out with the sun; We should be from our clamorous selves set free To work or to pray, And to be what the Father would have us be, If we had but a day.