CHAP. I We belonged to a whale ship, called the Wm. C. Nye, of New London, Conn. She was one of the ships destroyed by the pirate Shenandoah, in the Pacific Ocean, after the close of the Southern Rebellion. At the time we were in her, she was a fine, strong ship, well fitted, and manned by a crew who were mostly young men, and natives of Connecticut. Their intelligence, and general good conduct was above the average of whaleship crews, with whom we have sailed. We visited a group of islands in about 9 degrees South Latitude and 137 degrees West Longitude, where we remained about a week, obtaining a good supply of bananas, sweet potatoes, crook-neck squashes, cocoa-nuts, bread fruit, and a large number of swine. The last mentioned, were the occasion of our calling at Farming's Island. We sailed from the group of islands, whose position we have already given, towards the Equator, working to the westward under easy sail, a strong current setting the ship in that direction. We fed our swine on cocoa-nuts, and having only enough to keep them for a few weeks, a fresh supply must be procured to keep them alive. Knowing that cocoa-nuts were plenty on Fanning's Island, our officers 'decided to visit it and procure a supply. As soon as we learned that our ship was to call at this Island, 1 felt a strong desire to make a home among its trees, which we had seen in passing on a former voyage. Let me now respectfully ask liberty for a more frequent use of the personal pronouns, I and my, not so much to express selfish possession, as to make my story more familiar. Our island settlement was on a community basis, for all things there were free, and very common too. My reasons for leaving our ship for this desolate island, were of a religious nature; while there were other causes ihat had some weight in my decision to leava&gt; the ship, my religious motives were the most weighty, tipping the reasoning scale in favor of forsaking all my little earthly gear, and going, nearly destitute upon this speck of a Coral Island, uninhabited, desolate, and more than one thousand miles from any human beings, civilized, or savage. With so many miles between me and all others of my race—with my little Bible too—from which I could get so much religion—wouldn't I be good? Ah, but I did not realize then, that desolate islands could never hide one from his own thoughts ! I had intended to go alone, but wishing my brother John tA have my chest, books, clothes, tools, bed, &amp;c. I informed him one night, in our watch, of my intention to leave the ship, and become a hermit on the island we were then approaching, and asked him to stay and take possession of my outfit. He seemed surprised at my undertaking. I shall never forget with what scorn he rejected my proposal for him to pursue the voyage ! His answer came squarely: 'I won't go any further in this ship unless you do. If you go on this island, I will go too.' [To be continued.]