Editorial Notes Meneeley Co. of West Troy New York... Meneeley Co. of West Troy N. Y. are competing with the U. S. government in civilizing the Indians! Government sending destructive, horror making cannons; Meneeley Co. sending sweet sounding Church Bells ! Meneeley Co. were a long way ahead at last accounts. We are using a number of The Bickfobd Knitting Machines; and they are very satisfactory indeed. Being among 'the wonders in this age' of machinery, their utility and expedition in business should be expe. rienced by all, at so small cost. Material for Fences of wood variety is getting scarce. We must soon accept the alternative of no fences, or rely on the metal ones offered us by Washburn, MoenCo. Please read advertisement ofWASsoN and Martin si \ral times. They form an enterprising and reliable firm. The Estey Organ scarcely needs our praise. We have many of them in our Societies, and every one is a 'Home Delight.' We further say, that Cluett has furnished us. We are at a loss to speak as yet, of the best Water Wheel ; but we are at no loss to say that the firms of Leffel &amp; Co. and X. F. Burnham, who enter into friendy competition in our columns, are both most honorable. Every farmer will yet be his own Miller; grinding out his 'religious bread' as Elder F. W. Evans would say; then they will send for one of Sedgebeer's 'Non. pareil.' Send for a circular DOW. Van Deusen's Tree Label and 'Business Cards' are a desiderata long looked for. Send for a Circular and sample. The U. S. Piano Co. enter a challenge to other man. ufacturers and salesmen. We mean to make ourselves more acquainted with their instruments. People wilj have Pianos, and they will look where to get them, in The Shaker Manifesto. By reference to our Br. Philip Smith's advertisement, it will be seen that Farmers, Gardeners, Amateurs, and 'the rest of mankind' can get genuine Shak_ er Garden Seeds by mail, at the very lowest cash prices. Try the seeds, coming immediately from the grower; it will pay you. The Hon. Clute Bros, of Schenectady,N. Y.. present most excellent encouragements for parties wishing En. gines, Boilers, etc. We know, also, of the 'Clute Plough' being the best plough yet created, for al&gt; kinds of cross ploughing. jg-Parties answering advertisements: Will you please mention The Shaker Manifesto? We have been acquainted with F. T. Van Patten for more than twenty years, and assure our friends, who need Broom Machinery, or anything in his line of business, that they will receive the best of satisfaction. Send for his Circular. A Useful Apparatus : John Bunyan said, that 'an idle boy's or girl's bead was the devil's workshop.'' (Jet them the 'Keystone Self-Inker' with* complement of type. See Adv. Oftentimes, we are led to regret, that there are un- scrupulous persons, who, realizing the solid benefits of judicious advertising, will use it most freely on some useless or worse than useless articles, and soon retire with fortunes of ill-earned gains. But we can stil* point to thousands who by a wholesome judicious judgment, have used advertising to their exceeding profit! and to the most creditable advancement of useful materials. Sucli, we believe our patrons to be.