BOOK TABLE J. C. Bundy D. M. Bennett We have received from the U. S. Commissioners of Agriculture, several interesting pamphlet.-; and reports, of the conditions of the country from views taken from an Agricultural standpoint. Those treating upon Corn, Svgar Cane, and Beet Sugar are particularly interesting. We hereby repeat our thanks for the notice. The Religio-Philosophical Journal; J. C. Bundy, Chicago, 111. One of the two most prominent Spiritualistic papers in America, and one that is very worthy of excellent notice, justly faults us for crediting to The Banner of Light, (another excellent medium of spiritualistic literature) an original editorial of the R. P. J. We are sorry that it so occurred; but disclaim any intention of wronging the Journal; and claim it to be a mistake. The article, '¦'¦Form Materialization,' was sent to us, cut from some paper, and accredited to the Banner. Asking pardon, we hope others, making the mistake, will be more careful in future. ii The Priest in Absolution:' J). M. Bennett, New York, Publisher; Price 25 cents. Reference has been made to this work by Elder Evans in a previous number of The Shaker ; and in full agreement with his expressed opinions, we caution the introduction of the Confessional into Protestant Churches, until the priesthood embraces an equal repre- sentation of the sexes. The power of the Confessional is as givat today as ever in the past; and abused, as it is likely to be, when used only by masculine curiosity and lasciviousness, is of the greatest detriment to society at large. We believe in the confessional; that it does us good to find a fellow sympathy in distresses we ill can bear alone ; and from which we seek alleviation of pain by sorrowful rehearsal of what we have done wrongly. But let no man assume the unholy power of converting this desirable good to base, perfidious ends! The book will be extensively read, and, may it be properly understood. We have received a copy of a recent lecture by Elder F. W. Evans upon 'The Shaker System.' It is an ably written, little pamphlet, embodying a host of valuable ideas; and which, to many reformers will be deemed of invaluable worth. TheElder shows but little declension of power or ability to use that power, when crowned as he is with three score and ten honorable years. Send ten cents to Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. for a copy. James Brothers, Publishers, of Cincinnati O. have issued a United States History especially for Schools. It is a unique volume, embracing on 'a new and comprehensive plan, all the features of Lyman's Historical Chart.' Its maps and cuts are the most accurate we have ever seen. Its language is simplicity itself, and the whole study made like the most interesting of story books. It will teach the history of our country, without a thought of its being a task. Its author is John Clark Eidpath, A. M. We have received from the publishers, S. R. Wells Co. of New York, their Illustrated Annual of Phrenology and Health Almanac for 1878. It is filled with good reading, Irygienic recipes, illustrations of illustrious individuals, and a general information of the principles of Phrenology. Its price is only ten cents. We observe in it also that the price of the Am. Phrenological Journal is reduced from $3.00, to $2.00. This ia ncbly cheap!