Death of the Wicked JAMES G. RUSSELL The wicked must die—is the warning decree, For death is the price to be paid;— Tho' many would seek from its grasp to be free, The summons they cannot evade. O'er mountains, thro' valleys, o'er rivers and seas, In hamlet, in desert, or cave, The guilty may wander, their fears to appease, From death no endeavor can save. Yet God hath declared that no pleasure he hath In death of the wicked, but would That sinners return to the straight, narrow path, That leads to the fountain of good. The caviler—heretic like—may deny That death is the doom of the vile; 'But Christian and sinner as equals must die, Though workers of goodness or guile. For God sendeth rain on the just and unjust, His sun shineth clear upon all; That we are his children—created of dust; He careth for great and for small I' Then how may we know that the wicked must die&gt; Though wicked indeed they may be? How may we the interpretation apply, That all may discern and agree ? 'The wicked shall not live out half of their days,' 'We read in the Record of Truth : That such as persist in their own evil ways, Shall die, though in spring-time of youth. In what, then, doth wickedness really consist? The word is in meaning defined As Zaw)-violations; those laws which exist Of God and His nature, combined. We cannot the laws of our being discard, Whatever our reasons might be; We know that the way of transgression is hard; That in it we cease to be free. Our penalties correspond with the offense : If mental transgressions are ours We suffer with mental prostration, and hence, Our shipwreck of reasoning powers. The body, at alliance close with the mind, Must share the affliction in part; Our physical organization we find, Is destined to suffer the smart. Again, do we violate physical law, Inhaling unpurified air; Betimes from the fount of Intemperance draw. Thus death-dealing weapons prepare! With appetite morbid, and brain all ablaze, Indulgence, then darkness and gloom! Thus life being spent in intemperate ways, Destruction is surely the doom. 'The wicked must die' then, the penalty's sure,. The reason we plainly can see, If we to our full term of years would endure, We must from transgressions be free. The laws of the spirit, the body, or mind, If we with indifference slight, Afflictions—diseases of every kind, Our ev'ry enjoyment will blight. Perfection consists in maintaining the right, In body, in mind, and in soul; Thus living, our days will be happy and bright. And Death will resign its control. Enfield, N. H.