'HANG OUT THE LIGHT' JOSEPHINE E. WARE Once upon a dark, rainy night, two of my younger sisters after completing their day's toil, were about to repair to their rooms in a distant dwelling. The way leading thereto being over a somewhat dangerous path, they desired me to stand in the doorway till they had reached their destination ; that, at least, they might realize my presence, although they could not see me. I readily complied with the innocent wish, and while I thus stood gazing into a darkness that might be felt, yet seeing nothing and only faintly hearing their quickly receding footsteps, I chided myself severely, as well as others of our household for neglecting to '•'¦Hang out the Light.'' Finally, I began soliloquizing thus : Indeed ! how often we poor short-sighted mortals fail to uHang out a Light,' to illumine the path of our own dear friends ; and meantime render the same more cheerful for the lonely stranger al- so, who may chance to pass us by,—one who may have neither friends nor home, but to whom a faint ray of light even, is such an expression of benevolence and friendship, that perchance his memory shall not only carry this fact into the dim future, but persuade him to believe, that real friends do yet exist. And how often may he revert to the pleasing incident, so glad a thing is a beam of light to the benighted traveler ! As I still remained standing, surrounded by darkness, my thoughts again turned to my sisters, and I mentally exclaimed : Shall I be blessed to wait and watch for them thus, in the spirit land? Can I be to them as a spiritual beam of joy and gladness? O can I? But list! from out the darkness comes a welcome sound: 'Safe over ! All's well!' A thrill of gladness entered my heart, and with tearful eyes and deep-drawn breath, I closed the door, thinking, how thrice welcome will be the sound of their voices to me, when haply I shall stand in the doorway of my 'Father's House' and discern by the light of heaven, these dear companions coming home ! These, whom I have known from childhood to maturity ; have seen them climb bravely up, by the plain cross and self-denial, to a more exalted condition than nature ever knew. When I shall realize that 'all is right' with them, and they are safe in heaven, what a bliss will be mine ! Let me not fail, then, always to 'Liang out the Light.' It costs but little ; it blesses many ; and this life is too short, and much of it is rendered far too bitter, to those who live for self alone ; or who fail to hang out a light fed by the oil of good influences, and a Christ-like example. Canterbury, N. H.