CORRESPONDENCE Chauncy Dibble, Friend, Your letter of the 22nd. ult. is at hand... Augusta, Mich, 12th. Mo. 1877 Chauncy Dibble, Friend, Your letter of the 22nd. ult. is at hand. I see you are one of those candid seekers after truth. We are all subject to its divine laws, and must answer for our own conduct individually. Our relation to Deity is found by humble prayer, which is the key to heaven. None but the virtuous and godly can enter there. You ask my idea of the unregenerate in the other existence. If there is a condition of salvation, there is also a place of destruction to be saved from. There is a burning of soul to all who reject the truth. There is no device nor repentance in the grave. No returning to acceptance with God after death. It is casting a stigma to insinuate that our time of probation here is insufficient. It is no injustice if a soul is tormented in hell; for we all have our own choice. We make our own condemnation; we are judged according to the deeds done in the body; they that are wise are wise unto life eternal. The wicked go to everlasting punishment. The doctrine of repentance in the future was invented by man, and suits his animal nature. It prevents many from obeying the spirit of truth now. All of every nation are invited to partake at the spiritual fountain—the living Christ—the inward Teacher—the only begotten of the Father. Born in our souls this spirit enables man to comprehend things divine. A. L. Griffin A. Griffin, My friend:—Yours of 4th ult. is at hand... Shakers, N. Y., Jan. 1, 1878 A. Griffin, My friend:—Yours of 4th ult. is at hand. There seems a decided difference in our views, of the condition of the people of the other world. The future destiny of the innumerable multitudes each with souls as precious as ours, is a subject too vast to be decided by the dogmas of the past. Heathens, Idolaters and religious persecutors, have their hells of retribution as a weapon to frighten sinners into the church. The character attributed to Deity by such, is outrageously disgusting and has made more self-righteous hypocrites, and infidels than it has saved souls. That Jehovah was a man of war; inspired his servants to persecute heretics; instituted a church to damn all who did not belong to it; that He has created a heaven at some extreme height to which all, who belong to the church, or have faith in imputed righteousness, are wafted at death, there to exult in the eternal misery of the wicked—these are doctrines too crude to have a place in an enlightened mind. _ God will never deprive man of the gift of free agency; yet all who willfully transgress, must learn obedience by suffering. The attributes of Deity are parental. He is not limited in the exercise of his mercy to ten years or an hundred years. He ia the same God in the future. The separation of the spirit from our bodies does not change our relations to Him nor our own moral conditions. Spirits out of the body may still be virtuous or vicious ; and their heaven or hell will be as they make them. We cannot indulge our selfish propensities here, and be wholly released there ; only so far as we have purified our hearts by abstinence from fleshly lusts. Yours in love, Chauncy Dibble DR. J. M. PEEBLES We have received a letter from Bro. Peebles, from Madras, in which he expresses his delight with the amount of mediumship, magic, and psychological phenomena he has witnessed. ' Casting out devils.' he says, 'It is as common in Southern India as it used to be in Palestine in Jesus' time.' He is much saddened by the sights of suffering incident to the prevailing famine, and expresses his deep sympathy for the sufferers. The following is from the Madras Daily Times: 'Three weeks ago we announced the arrival in Madras of Dr. J. M. Peebles, formerly an American Consul in Asiatic Turkey, and the author of several books. During the period that he has been in Madras he has M^nsriiPESTO. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. ¦4,1 \been most industrious in obtaining information from all sources, and the chapters of hi forthcoming work, devoted to Southern India, should be most interesting. Dr. Peebles flails on Monday next by the Suffolk for Natal and Cape Town, en route to England. The Doctor, during his stay here, has exhibited that push and energy which is characteristic of Americans. Though he has been, as we have said, hardly three weeks in Madras, he has managed to visit the famine camps, the Leper Hospital, the museum, libraries, all the public buildings and burning ghauts. He has witnessed the clever feats of magicians, seen the devil priests professedly cast out demons, looked into a higher class of psychological phenomena, difficult to get at and more difficult to comprehend, and met a good many native gentlemen of various castes. He has also received from the Chief Secretary to Government much kindness in the way of a sight of public documents, and in every conceivable way has had the opportunity of seeing all sides of our social life. Dr. Peebles was at the breakfast in the Banqueting Hall yesterday in honor of the Viceroy, and was charmed with the almost Republican freedom evinced. They have nothing of the kind in the West, he says, and he thinks he has a wrinkle from the ancient civilization of India to bring before the century-old Republic of the New World. We shall look forward to the publicaton of Dr. Peebles' forthcoming work with interest.'