CHARACTER SARAH A. NEAL To improve character requires something more than the simple desire to become better. Our ideal of a true character may be of a very exalted type, and we may desire to become like unto it; but unless we plant four desires in the soil of active services where they can grow unto fruitfulness, we shall realize to our sorrow that blight will soon bring them to death and decay. Actions form the character; while desires often vanish with the sounds which give them expression. Character, like principle, maintains a positive indifference to all things save facts and realities ; and though we may often attribute our neglect of character to those peculiar influences which circumstances sometimes associate with us, yet those who so love their character as to live for it, guard it so well, that circumstantial influences cannot improperly affect it. AH have not sufficient moral courage to do this ; but such as have not, live largely for reputation, leaving character in the shade of careless neglect, only to be regretted in the near future. The acquisition of a true character is no mere business speculation, neither does it particularly embody political policies ; but embraces in life the verb to do something, with an honesty of purpose that will stamp indelible impressions of goodness on our entire life-record; and thus character becomes the volume that contains this record; for on its sad or pleasant pages we find the impress of our thoughts and actions; and those who would review a delightful account therein, must live a righteous life. Character is eternal; it lives when all finite forms turn into dust; hence the necessity of commencing in childhood, continuing in youth, nor forsaking in more mature years, that life which will cause us to feel, as the shadows of age creep over us, and the evening of our earth-life draws near, that we have in possession, a character free from all blemish—one that will recommend' us to friends above, and by which we shall be recognized as members of that home, wherein dwell the pure in heart who always see God. Shakers, N. Y. 26