CHRISTIAN CULTURE. No. 9 WM. H. BUSSELL Reason : This may be denned as the power of perceiving truth. It matters not whether the perception be immediate or the result of long investigation. The infinite Mind is the infinite Reason; for 'all things are open to him.' The human mind is necessarily limited and perceives truth only by degrees. The plain inference, therefore, is that the human reason is the subject of culture. An essential requisite of correct reasoning is knowledge. 'Of God above or man below, What can we reason but from what we know ?' The child and the savage are alike at fault, often, in their inferences drawn from objects of sight. They need to correct them by ^heir individual experience. But the lapse of years, and sometimes of ages, is necessary before that can be done. But it matters not. Truth will finally reward her votaries. 'The eternal years of God are hers.' The heaven in which the star-gazers of olden time located sun, moon and stars, was too far away for them to be able to rectify any mistakes of their untutored reason. It was reserved to the modern astronomer, aided by the enlarged vision which the telescope has given, to show that the heaven of the ancients, gods and goddesses all, has been removed 'beyond the bounds of time and space,' where a poet of modern orthodoxy has located 'the saints' secure abode.' But though that 'heaven has fled away,' yet the sun, moon and stars shine with no less brilliancy than ever. The sun of truth remains steadfast, whatever human conceptions of it may be, showing itself little by little through cloud and mist, over hill and mountain, and will con- tinue until the effulgence of high noon shall illuminate the enraptured soul on the plains of immortality. The human imagination is fertile in inventions. Reason is too slow for it; all its deductions are speedily outrun. The thousand and one fables of Arabian story bear no comparison in absurdity to those which have been imposed upon human ignorance by persons professing to be teachers of truth, especially religious truth. And what seems the strangest of all , there has been no invention of hea then priests, however absurd and horrible, but has been more than matched in absurdity and horribleness by many who have claimed to occupy the seat from which Jesus dispensed the teachings of divine love. There is no need of quoting passages to prove this assertion; they have been repeated so often within the present century by the opponents of such doctrines that the ear has become weary of hearing them. In fact, the legitimate successors of those who once used them so freely now rarely even 'mention hell to ears polite,' much less depict it in its formerlu rid colors. What then ? Is the imagination a useless faculty in the human mind? Rather, has it not, like all the other faculties, often been perverted from its normal condition and use ? When not controlled by reason, it is fond of extravagant things. It loves to conjure up 'Gorgons and hydras and chimseras dire.' It resembles then the perverts ed physical appetite; the more injurious to the health that which is taken into the stomach, is the greater the craving for it. The healthful appetite is satisfied with that which maintains health; that which is perverted never is satisfied. The mind fond of strange imaginings is, to say the least, partially insane. This will account for many of the outrageous superstitions and fanaticisms among savage tribes. These have been imposed upon ignorant minds by the terror that half insane talent knows how to excite, more especially when it professes to have intercourse with the gods. So among many of the Christian sects, the most excited and loud-mouthed revivalist has created the greatest furor among excitable people But there may be enthusiasm and yet not extravagance. The mind governed by the principles of the soundest reason may be also actuated by the warmest and kindest feelings. Some have represented reason as cold, stern and repulsive. But this is altogether misrepresentation. Reason is allied to the highest and purest love. It walks hand in hand with humility. It is the companion of gentleness. It is the most ardent lover of the beautiful. 27 28 THE SHAKER MLAJNTIIEPICSTO. It is the enemy of tyranny and slavery of every kind. It is the opponent of wars and contentions among men. There is no genuine reform that it does not favor. Let it be untrammeled by ignorance, bigotry and hatred, and soon it would make the earth the garden of God. Thomas Paine, in the last century, styled his book which created such a furor among theologians 'The Age of Reason.' But it was rather a herald announcing a stern conflict about to arise. The age of reason has not yet commenced, if we are to judge by the wars and strifes yet prevalent. Yet its precursor has come. Passion still bears sway in multitudes of minds, but principle is beginning to assert its rights. There is no longer the ''darkness that may be felt,' but such an intermingling of the light with it that objects may be distinctly seen. One may, if he will, distinguish truth from error, though Paine's book scarcely aids him to do it. It lacks discrimination. It aimed powerful blows at theological errors and thereby aroused the ire of their defenders ; but he made an indiscriminate slaughter of innocent and guilty. It is the province of reason to discriminate between the precious and the vile ; to spare the truth when aiming to destroy error. What matters it to the gold-seeker if the precious metal be found mingled with the hardest granite or various other minerals and metals? When he has discovered it, he knows how to free it from all alloy. This is his reasoning process. The moral reasoner as well as the scientific should be able and candid enough to acknowledge every truth and see that it does not suffer by his manipulations. Groveland, N. Y.