Brother Albert. We know our manuscript is late... Brother Albert. We know our manuscript is late, having stepped over the threshold of 1878 ; yet we have felt the desire to greet our Parents of the Household of Faith, with A Happy New Year. Worthy Fathers and Mothers, Greeting; Let us wish you a Happy New Year. Not the repetition of a stale hackneyed phrase, but a bright, honest expression of soul-love welling up from the filial hearts of your many dutiful children. Most glorious parentage ! Again and again we come to the salute, and ring out in these cheery words the issue of our fervent prayers and hopes for your comfort and preservation throughout the year, which is so kindly opening to the household, with full sheaves of love and confidence between parents and offspring. Look up, dear ones, from your several localities in Kentucky, Ohio, New York, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Maine and New Hampshire, and catch the silvery tones as we repeat, God hless you, a Happy New Year! Let us beseech you to treasure the essence of our words in your hearts' tem- ples, sacred to prayer, in our behalf as an abiding rest, as a joyous song agreeably to the text: ''Rejoice, thou barren that bearest not; break forth and cry thou that travailest not: for the desolate hath more children than she which hath a husband.' Gal. iv. 27. 'Sing, O barren, thou that didst not bear ; break forth into singing, and cry aloud, thou that didst not travail with, child : for more are the children of the desolate than the children of the married wife, saith the Lord.' Isaiah liv. 1. As an invigorating cordial let us press the inspiration of our love to the lips of those valiant souls, who have wrestled, and suffered more than physical pain, while watching and waiting our maturity, never once distrusting the genuineness of our efforts to attain to full stature in Christ, or their ability to bring forth sons and daughters unto God, worthy heirs to greater than earthly inheritance, loyal standard-bearers of higher than ma-nmade creeds. What an impression that unshaken, confidence has made upon otir souls! 'My Fathers and Mothers expect me to conquer.' How we have broadened and deepened to meet this expectancy! You have given us the benefit of your experience, precept and example, and ask in return that we add thereto the outgrowth of our stewardship, so inwrought with the truth of the past, that a perpetual increase may be ours, and we be able to present an untarnished name for integrity and obedience, to the sacred faith committed to our trust. And shall we disappoint you? Disappoint God? For, to what pther source shall we ascribe the paternal and maternal principles which have been our nursing fathers and mothers, until we have found 37 38 THE SHAKER MLAJSTEETESTO. the new birth, or life in the spirit ? Nay ! never! Fathers and Mothers of the South, you expect your children at the North to keep their garments 'unspotted from the world.' We will ripen this expectation into a reality. Fathers and Mothers of the North, you ask like honor and victory, from the warm hearts of our comrades in the South. Hear the response : We have accepted our measure, and will not be found wanting. We come as so many rays of love, light and truth, to be caught and held in the prism of your affection. Ah ! this mutual confidence will outlast the perils of '78, upon which we enter with true humility and undaunted courage. One more word, or gentle entreaty, and we will away to the battle of life. Don't make haste to go among the evergreens on the other shore, as our brother Albert terms the closing of life. Are there more beautiful evergreens than your own children ? Associations dearer than those you have helped to create around you? Wait with all patience and cultivate perpetual youth, and a growth of evergreen principles here on earth. While working—not waiting—should the reaping angels require your aid in other portions of the vineyard,—arid we can't blame them for wranting our parents, if they have learned your wrorth, for 'there are none like unto you,''—remember we part not, but ask your continued remembrance of us in our varied duties until we, too, have taken our measure of trial in this sphere, and have thereby ripened for service in the land beyond. In behalf of Jhe children. Canterbury, N. H.