INDIANS. No. 1. JAMES S. PRESCOTT . Who will plead the cause of the Indians ? Many were raised up to plead the cause of the Africans ,and continued for a long series of years, until it ultimated, in the entire emancipation of 4,000,000 of the race, from bondage and oppression to the rights of citizenship under a free government. But who will plead the cause of the Indians, against their oppressors ? Were they not the original proprietors of America? Are they not entitled to the sympathies of every one located on their soil ? It is called free soil of America. If it is free soil, then does it not belong to the Indians, as much as to the whites? Which was it, by right of discovery, or by conquest, or by purchase that the whites first claimed the soil? or, was it by the wrong of power and might over right, that the whites first took possession and still hold it, without rendering an equivalent, or a just compensation? If it was the latter, then the Indians still have a just right to the free soil of America. It was indeed free soil before the whites took an illegal and an unwar- rantable possession of it; and monopolized it to their own selfish purposes and aggrandizements. But this is not all, of which the red man complains. It is the bad faith, broken promises, and the treachery of the U. S. agents, employed to deal with them. Who are the Indians ? Are they not human beings, a distinct race, as much as the Africans? possessing redeeming qxialities, capable of improvement, selfculture, and progressing from lower to higher conditions? Have they 'no rights that white men are bound to respect?' Must they be annihilated, or crushed out of existence, because they are in the minority, weak and powerless ? We answer emphatically, Nay ! Unless there is a change of policy of the U. S. Government towards the North American Indians, the invisible hosts will fight their battles for them, and will prevail, as they did when the late Gen. Custer was slain, whose untimely death was so deeply felt and lamented by the U. S. officers and their subordinates. But, Gen. Custer returns and speaks for himself. Hear him : 'I now return to send a warning to our people and nation, and urge them to deal justly by the Indians, or they will do more mischief to the whites. The warriors in spirit life are inspiring their brethren to resist and avenge the wrongs perpetrated on their race. Do not seek to annihilate them, but try to make them better if possible.' Who made the Indian ? Did not the same God that made the white man, make the Indian also ? And is he partial towards any part of his Creation ? Societies are formed and forming extensively in our country and throughout the world, receiving legislative aid, and are beginning to become national, for 'The prevention of cruelty to Dumb 3*3 THE SHAKEE Animals.' This is right; showing that the Angel of Mercy is at work—we rejoice in it—we hail it as the harbinger of a better day, wherein 'nothing shall hurt nor destroy in all God's holy mountain,' not even the Indians beyond the 'Rocky Mountains,' nor this side of the same. Why cannot similar societies be formed for the prevention of cruelty to the Indians, as well as to our Dumb Animals? What have the Indians done that they cannot be forgiven and receive mercy, as well as the brute creation? When Gen. Custer entered the spirit world he saw his mistake, that he had been engaged on the wrong side—he repented and said, 'I have wronged my red brothers, and I am sorry for it.' Here is something which speaks volumes in favor of the Indians. How quick did they forgive him, and opened their ranks to the right and left, permitting him to pass through their midst unharmed. Why cannot white people professing to be Christians, and civilized, be as magnanimous towards a vanquished foe as those called the wild savages of America, and forgive the poor Indians and stop killing them? Fair dealing, generosity, and kindness, will do more towards conquering the Indians and making them our fast friends, than all the armies of a Napoleon. North Union, Ohio.