ANN LEE. Her Work, her People, and their Critics. FIRST PAPER. I purpose to write a few, short papers upon the above subjects, believing the information they will contain, to be timely and desired. Out from the mists of obscurity hare arisen many of the world's workers and saviours; and out from the mills of Manchester came 'a good thing'—one, of whom, we feel warranted in speaking by quotation: ' 'Many daughters have done virtuously; but thou excellest them all.' It is an easy matter to chronicle the past; to state the beginnings of eras, and of consequences as they have occurred, and occur up to to-day. Who shall tell us all that may result from the smallest, humblest beginnings ? The most meek of men became leader of Israel's hosts! a peasant girl, Maid of Orleans, rising out of seclusion, dons an almost superhuman power, and baptizes an army of men with an irresistible force ! and within the memory of our children yet in their teens, a long, lank, homely member of the rail-splitting department, rises to sit at the head of affairs of our nation; to be the adored of the people ; and completing the grand act of emancipation, is called unto and crowned by the angels ! Going back again in memory, and we recall the familiar sayings of ' 'the Carpenter's Son' in all their wonderful and powerful simplicity; and now witness millions praise-struck at the name of Jesus! nor would we be unmindful of the efforts for the world's good—the accomplishments of a Blacksmith's beautiful daughter in behalf of mankind. For so sure as 'ever the right comes uppermost, and ever is justice done,' so shall this daughter receive her 'recompense of reward.' Who was Ann Lee? She was the daughter of very poor, humble, but industrious parents ; who came hon- estly by their ignorance, and transmitted the same 'bliss of ignorance' to a large family of children. Ann was early placed in a factory, where she soon earned and more than earned her own livelihood ,but always remained quite ignorant of letters. THE SHAKER 39 She was a staid, quiet girl, not given so much to play, common to children of her age, but chose in preference a retirement from her mates, where, removed from public gaze, she became the subject of heavenly visions, many of which were far above the comprehension of her juvenile mind. In these visions, being instructed of the depravity of human nature, in mankind generally, and that God would soon open away for the deliverance of the people—a rest for the weary and heavy laden—she would go to her mother, tell of her visions, and sobbing, as with a breaking heart, ask her to explain them. Her mother, mother-like, tried hard, and variously, to dispel these vagaries of a distorted imagination, at the same time joining her daughter in tears, that told of the truths of vision, active in her own, daily experience. While there was no cessation of these visions, her parents and friends coun- seled marriage to change her thoughts, and give a new and they hoped a happier phase to her existence. She was married to Abraham Stanley, a blacksmith by trade. From this union four children were born; all, however dying while infants. Her married life was aught but happy; but not on the very common ground of incompatibility of temper, but because she now began to experience the fulfillment of many of her visions; and hers became a troubled soul, and she an earnest seeker for a refuge from a life that brought her spiritual freedom under a bondage, worse than physical slavery,—the engagements in lusts of the flesh, that were 'death unto death' to her already quickened conscience. The story of her spiritual sufferings about these times, as given by her own mouth, were so graphic and affecting, as to cause all who heard her to wonder and weep ! A woman, called to such spiritual experiences, should never marry nor engage in any passionate indulgence. We herewith add our sincere commiseration for her kind hearted husband, and the same for any having a wife spiritually affected as was Ann Lee! He was, from all accounts a sympathetic husband; considerate of what he deemed her hallucinations; charitable to what he deemed her whims ; and yet, while being the exalted prophetess, she made a very disagreeable wife ! He was a worldly man, having hopes of increasing worldly prospects, and to a long life of worldly happiness with one of the kindest, prettiest of nature's noblewomen. She was a woman of medium height, rather robust, sound in health, capable of great endurance, and quick to recuperate after extreme exhaustion. There was no reason why she should not have been the mother of healthy and long-lived reproductions, unless that reason is found, in the positive incompe- tency of an extremely spiritually-minded woman to reproduce healthy earthly offspring, regardless of the adequacy of every other essential necessity therefor. Stanley's prospects, so far as Ann was concerned, were ruined; and he shall have for this period of his life our sympathetic memory. About this time, there was a class of revivalists active in Manchester—comeouters from the Quaker Order—under the leadership of a man and his wife, named Wardley. The revival seemed to embrace the necessity of all would-be Christians, returning to the government and life of the primitive Christian Church. And when Ann learned that the Wardleys and their followers—called 'Shakers'—(by which it will be seen that Ann Lee was not the first, so called,) lived in virgin celibacy, confessed and forsook sin, etc., she was moved in spirit to come into close communion with them, and by the consent of her husband united herself to them. Now, Stanley had a deal of trouble with Ann. Ann asked her elders how she should live with Stanley and keep her faith? Jane Wardley said to her : 'I am James' wife; we lodge together; but we no more touch each other sexually, than we would handle coals of fire!' Ann was happy and determined; while Stanley now, was a most miserable husband. * (continued.)