HOME TOPICS Potato Croquets Boil and mash a dozen potatoes; add a piece of butter size of an egg, tablespoonful of white sugar, a little salt, and two well-beaten eggs. Mix well. Make them up into Cones; dip them into raw egg, sift on plenty of bread crumbs, and fry brown like ¦crullers.— Arthur's Mag. Put a little hand soap on the door hinges... Put a little hand soap on the door hinges when they creak. To bore a hole easily through a hemlock knot... To bore a hole easily through a hemlock knot, wet the bit or augur in spirits of turpentine. Keep polished steel tools... Keep polished steel tools, enwrapped in wool in a closed box. Razors, etc should be so kept, We feel it our duty to give a recipe for the cure of the diphtheria... says: 'We feel it our duty to give a recipe for the cure of the diphtheria, which we know from personal knowledge has cured several severe cases. It is simply to put some pure tar on a plate and apply hot coals to it, not hot enough, however, to create a blaze. Then place a funnel upside down over the tar and let the patient inhale the fumes arising from the burning tar through the spout of the funnel. It will give instant relief, and may be repeated as often as may be necessary. Tar spread on a piece of cloth and applied to the throat in connection with the inhaling process is also good, much better than old flitch and liniments. It should not be removed until the the throat is relieved of all soreness.' The Huntingdon Monitor The Shaker Manifesto, one of our New Hampshire publications, appears in magazine form on... The Shaker Manifesto, one of our New Hampshire publications, appears in magazine form on the opening number of the eighth volume. This is the official monthly publication of the United Shaker societies, is published by N. A. Briggs of the Canterbury family. It is devoted to the defence and advocacy of the tenets of their belief, but contains much spicy and interesting reading. In each number appears one or more of their songs set to music, which, from the popularity of their worsl ip to the Gentile world, ought to be an important feature in extending its circulation. A few agricultural hints are inserted, the fruit of their own experience, and we hope to see this department enlarged, for the Shakers have a reputation of being successful farmers. It appears in new type, and is the work of Shaker hands alone. We trust that their efforts at improvement will be attended by remunerative patronage. The People