THE SHAKER MANIFESTO AN OFFICIAL MONTHLY. G. A. LOMAS Editor. Shakers, N. Y. VOL. VIII.—FEBRUARY, 1878.—No. II. ARE THE SHAKERS CHRISTIANS? ELDER ABRAHAM PERKINS In a recent number of The Shaker, I was peculiarly impressed with the question in one of its columns : ' Was Jesus of Nazareth a Shaker?' The interrogatory was clearly, candidly and ably answered. From it, grew the thought, that the question should be reversed; that the subject should be investigated, and proclaimed what the Shakers are ; whether Christians or infidels. To the Shaker sect, the terms Shake r and Christian are synonymous. If Jesus was a Shaker, a Shaker is a Christian. The life and doctrine of the Nazarene are precisely what the Shakers consider necessary to produce Christianity. He was a celibate ; and in his life he practically carried out purely virgin principles. So do the Shakers. He was the Prince of Peace, ignored war, declaring that those who used the sword should perish by it. The Shakers are peacemakers and take no part in shedding human blood. Whereas the first Christian church formed at Jerusalem was established on communistic principles, agreeably to the practice of Jesus and his disciples previous to the organization of a church, thus is the Shaker church established. Confession was practiced in the apostolic church ; the same ordinance is required and carried out in the Shaker church. The primitive church took no part in earthly governments ; so the Shakers accept no office of State, side with no party nor meddle with politics. As in the days of the early Christians it was a requirement that they should owe no man aught but love and good-will, so it is a violation of Shaker principles to vary from that principle. Jesus required justice and honesty in all the dealings of life. So do the Shakers. Meekness, gentleness and truth marked the life and character of Jesus : so do these graces conspicuously adorn the life of the Shaker. Simple language, plainness of speech, free from vulgarism and profanity characterized the habits and manners of Jesus: so they do the same of the Shakers. Temperance was the doctrine of Jesus: it is also that of the Shakers. Pride, arrogance, selfishness, error and vice of every kind was wholly abrogated by Jesus ; so they are by the Shakers; and whoever of the sect varies in any one of the principles, as lived by our Master, fails in sustaining Shaker life, THE SHAKEE ML^JNTIIPESTO. however strongly he avows Christian principles or however much he glories in the name of Shaker; and in his disobedi- ence, he deservedly merits the severe rebuke both of his own order and the outside world. What then are our obligations ? Simply to live soberly, honestly, justly, truthfully. 'Be what we seem to be, and seem to be what we really are.' Not clouds of darkness, obscuring the sunlight of truth ; obstacles in the way of reformation and hindrances to progress : deceivers, truce-breakers, liars and mockers of God. And would we see the progress of souls in gospel travel, we would be strenuously exacting in our lives, giving no place for Satan to work destruction and loss. This is consecration: no other than Shaker life, Christianity. Can we be Christians in the truest sense, but in squaring our lives by these principles? 'He that hath ears to hear, let him hear:' and he that will live in Christ, let him bring himself strictly to the spirit of his life and example, and depart from all iniquity. Enfield, N. H.