Children's friend — Bro. Wm. G. Libbey The children's friend—Bro. Wm. G. Libbey, will continue to accompany us through the year. Although he will prove no '•'•Robinson Crusoe,' nor '•'•Roderick, the Rover,' yet he will be an entertaining and instructive story teller ; and the best things about his stories are, they are all true to life. We hope also all will be pleased to read and remember the beauties of Elder H. C. Blinn's 'Address.' We deem there are limits to the propriety of free speech—a time when freedom of speech may be abused, by the utterance of profanity or obscenity—but we feel assured, from certain, recent arrests, that a spirit of hate, from antitheological reasons, has been aroused ; and the consequences will be a repetition of Inquisitorial times and deeds, unless this spirit and its agents are rebuked; It is one feature of the combination, ana mal-administration of Church and State governments. To this combination we are eternal opponents. Keep the governments of Cesar and God apart forever ; while rendering to each its just dues. Our Shaker testimony cuts crosswise many of the world's idolatrous prac- tices ; and for this testimony, uttered with respectable, dictionary language, are we to look for arrest, incarcerations and fine? Again, we call on American citizens, to awake to the positive necessity, of keeping Church and State forever separate ; to keep God, Christ, Virgin Mary, Ann Lee, and every other theological representation out of the Constitution of our United States, and to give to every other the same rights to 'life, liberty and pursuit of happiness,' which we desire to exercise for ourselves. We call particular attention to Elder A. Perkins' article uAre the Shakers Christians?' As a definition, of what used to be duly considered Christianity, it will be difficult to excel. The points raised, are well cleared up : Was the life of Jesus, that of a virgin celibate? So is that of all true Shakers, or Christians. Was his household government based on an equality of goods? Was he a peacemaker? Did he and disciples separate themselves from the social and sexual practices common to the world ? Thus do the Shakers live. Until we are convinced that the coveted practices of the world—the congress of sexes for propagation or mere pleasure ; personal riches, inequality of this life's good things; controversies, contentions and wars; and the general engagements of 44 MANIFESTO. THE MLAJNTTFEISTO. selfishness are Christian or best, we mean to be Shakers, and hurl against these principalities of the world our Christian testimony. The works of scientific men, reformers, ecclesiastical canons, and such new lights and liberals, as prefer the spirit of truth to theological errors, are creating a Babylon—a confusion—among so-called 'orthodox' creeds. Robert Ingersoll is doing his iconoclastic work well; Merriam is already very heretical to early, established opinions; Canon Farar wipes out, with his linguistic lore, 'hell, damnation and everlasting torment' from future editions of the revised, sacred scriptures; Sir Draper adds a liberal page to present church doctrines, thereby throwing a bomb among ecclesiastics, making confusion, worse confounded, and an irremediable rent to the erroneous philosophies of religious opinions ; then come Munger, and ex-president Hopkins disavowing what they early 6wore to believe and sustain ; only to be excelled by the Beecher, into an extensive tumble-up into very much more liberality, almost amounting to Universalism! 'Let us be patient, these severe afflictions 'Not from the ground arise; 'But oftentimes, celestial benedictions 'Assume this bright disguise.' Let us be prayerful: 'Thy kingdom come ; thy will be done on earth,' just as angels and just men and women are doing, wherever heavenly conditions are. While the old creation is toppling and falling; while the old theological arks have lasted out their latest endurance ; let us be wise in the presentation of principles, of a never-fading character—of Jesus, the Christ. A virgin character ; eternal Peace ; the communal relations of brethren and sisters in the spirit of Christ,—these form the heavens, there is no progress without them, and though the heavens and earth pass away, these will endure forever ! We cannot rejoice, that so many are agreeably roused to the belief, that there is no hell. The tidal waves of mind are likely to dash against the real truth of the case, for some time to come, because so much infidelity of there being a hell in the great hereafter, is being sown with unsparing voices and hands. There are hells upon earth; there will be hells in the future ; and as well may any deny that effects follow their causes, as to deny that evil thoughts, words and acts are followed by the most uncomfortable conditions. There are hells ; and the escape therefrom, is to flee from the conditions that make us uncomfortable, here and hereafter. We do rejoice, however, that this subject is awaking in many thousands, the blessed hope, belief, and the certainty of all having as long a probation in the future, as they may desire to live in tormented conditions. That here, and hereafter, there is a way out of sin and its effects. And just as soon as we are willing to cease to do evil, learn to do better, and turn our faces away from the hellish conditions of worldly life, then will we ever and for- ever, time, and eternity without end, realize a loving parent, ready to fall on our necks, forgive us and redeem usThanks to Almighty God, that this glorious light of truth is so fast breaking upon the people! Its effect upon the man-made theologies of the churches will be immense ; to the falling off of 45 SHAKER 4,6 THE SHAKER all other shackles, until the gospel will be emancipated from every thing that does not indicate the pure life*of Jesus, the Christ, a positive necessity of heaven and for the absence of hells.