ADDRESS TO THE YOUNG. ELDER HENRY C. BLINN It is with much satisfaction and pleasure that I take the present opportunity to address you. Designating me, as you are pleased to do, a gospel parent, I shall speak as to beloved children in the Lord's House, those who have shared in the privileges and benefits of a beautiful, Christian home. Although you are still young, and your baptism into a spiritual experience correspondingly limited; yet I have the assurance in the manifestations of your lives, that you most fully comprehend the order of the work into which you have been called. You have proved by many trials that you are able to conquer the adversary of your souls. Therefore, rejoice in holy trust, while pass- ing through the flames, that they cannot consume, and through the waters, that they cannot overwhelm. It is not well to think too much of the errors and troubles of the past; learn from them a lesson, and watch well the course of present action. See that pure aims underlie every undertaking in life. You have many years before you, in which to do good and to be good. Let me advise you to accept the kind word of the poet: 'Look on the sunny side, ye who are youthful, Gather the light that will ever abide; The way to be hopeful, and healthful, and happy, Is to keep right before you, the bright sunny side.' The traveler who ascends the lofty mountains, does it at the peril of his life. His triumph is to overcome alla obstacles. When he has reached the anticipated height, all that he has passed through, is considered of the least consequence. The separation from near and dear friends, the fatigue, the deprivations of the comforts of life, are now all lost in the attainment of the one great object. It should be the same in your case. Keeping your union in the pure spirit of Christ's testimony, carries you above the elements of a mere worldly life, where you may stand in confidence with all your beloved, Christian friends. Do you not remember the journey of our old brother Pilgrim, who was beset with al- most every conceivable temptation and trial, while on his pilgrimage to the kingdom? Indeed, it would be difficult to determine which in the extended list was the worst! One may be as effectually ruined in the building of air castles, as in the commission of some crime; through ignorance, as through willfulness. Any trespass against the spiritual convictions which one has received, if persisted in, would ultimate in the ruin of the soul. It matters not whether it is a transgression that has received an opprobrious name, or a trespass that may be looked upon with seeming indifference. Read what the apostle says concerning the commandments: 'If we break one, we mar the beauty of the whole law.' But my beloved young friends, you are learning to beautify your lives by carefulness ; to make perfect the spirit-offering which it is yours to give. In our seasons of worship, I listen with great pleasure to your renewed resolutions to walk more circumspectly before God and your associates and seniors, thus living so as to develop substantial characters. I know full well how essential all this carefulness is, to insure your protection in the Christian strife. These testimonies and the many good works which they inspire, are the power of preservation which serves you for the time being, and inspires you to look forward with joy and love, to a day of greater light, and to a deeper understanding of the work of the cross. I am impressed to speak as I do, because of the earnestness which you manifest to maintain your rectitude and pure association. You certainly will never have reason to regret your steadfastness. All the treasure of this world could never purchase for you a pure spirit, a life in God. Whatever it may have the power to give, it also has the power to take away. Be very careful how you ac- cept of its many flattering gifts. So far you have kept good faith; for it is nothing less than faith in God, and in the spirit of goodness, that can work so effectually for good in your youthful minds. To the young, the buoyant and hopeful, it is by no means strange that mysterious phases should arise in the MAJSTZEPIESTO. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 33 mind, as the most gorgeous phantoms present themselves for acceptance. 'How smiling the world's prospect lies, How tempting to go through! Not Canaan to the Prophet's eyes, From Pisgah, with a sweet surprise, Did more inviting show.' How fondly we may stretch forth our hands to receive this world's proffered gift; but we reach only to grasp the air. You have already gained too much, have been too deeply engaged in the angel work of harvesting the eoul from the earth, to have all this precious treasure and labor lost. 'Hold fast that which thou hast gained, and let no man take thy crown.' As trifling as the gain may be, it is your crown of life. It is the consciousness of doing right before God, regardless of the frowns or flattery of this world. By and by, the force which these may now have, will all fade away, but the maintenance of the principles of truth and right, will dwell with you, an everlasting reward. This same truth you must be able to give to others, quickened into life by the testimony of a pure spirit, as it has through the testimony of the cross been given to you. For the consummation of this spiritual gift, to the renewal of your whole life, and to the establishing of your feet upon a permanent foundation, I shall earnestly pray. Canterbury, N. H.