QUONDAM SAILOR CHAP. II I was rather pleased to find my brother so willing to keep me company, in my long cherished desire to find a home on some lone island of the Pacific Ocean, and we made what preparation we could, which was not much, for we had to be very careful not to excite suspicions of our intention to leave the ship. Our outfit consisted of needles and thread, fish-hooks and lines, a small hammer without a handle, a pair of pincers, and a sun-glass. The latter proved a most useful article, without it we should have had no fire, and been forced to eat our meat and fish raw. All the reading matter we ventured to take, was one small Bible, and a Shaker poem given us when we visited the North Family, at Shaker Village, N. H. in the autumn of 1841. On our approaching the island, the wind died away, leaving us becalmed, five or six miles from land. A boat was then sent ashore to look for a place to land; it being late in the afternoon, she soon returned. The boat's crew gave a very pleasant account of what they had seen. They told of cocoa- nuts in abundance, and of mullet, a fine fish, which were plenty, in small creeks that run in the shade of the cocoa-nut trees, and could be caught in the hand. All of these glowing stories of our ship-mates, encouraged us in our enterprise of forming a settlement on this land of promise. The writer had expected the boat to which he belonged would be one to go on shore; and accordingly put some clothes in the bottom of it, under what is called the 'head sheets.' Thus having made all the preparation we could, we waited, not very patiently you may be assured, for our opportunity. At last the order came to lower away two boats, when to my surprise and disappointment, I found the bow-boat to which I belonged was not going on shore. I went to the third officer who was at work at a turning lathe on the quarter deck, and asked if our boat was not going; he said it was not; and appeared rather cool and reserved, which was unusual for him, as our previous acquaintance had been very cordial. And I have no doubt the bow-boat was kept on the cranes that day for my especial benefit. I think our intentions to leave the ship were suspected, hence the detention of the boat. The larboard quarter boat belonging to the chief-mate, to which my brother was attached, was already in the water, and leaving the side of the ship. Starting to go forward, on reaching the port side of the cook's galley, I found one of our men looking em- barrassed, and anxiously inquiring if some one would go on shore in his place. He belonged to the second mate's boat that was then being lowered away. I think he was inspired to give me his chance to go to that island. He had been in the Seminole war in Florida; was about forty years of age. We remember him with pleasure for yielding to a good influence at that time, and thus becoming an agent, somewhat indirectly, to my being in Shaker Village, N. H., at the present time. Accepting his offer joyfully, and picking up the cook's ax from the deck, with the remark that 'It would do to cut down a cocoanut tree,' I went into the boat and took the place of my good friend Knop, at the mid-ship oar, which was eighteen feet long, and was to be pulled five or six miles under a vertical sun, in a calm, and with double the amount of clothing usually worn in pulling a whale-boat in this latitude ! Added to this was all my personal effects stowed in the bosom of my shirt! I have not preserved an inventory, and may not be able to recall every article of my property; yet there is one part of that day's experience I do remember distinctly, and that is, the very severe and protracted perspiration from which I suffered before reaching the shore. It came to an end at last M^jsTCF'IESTO. TECEC SHAKBE lYLAJNTFESTO. by our boat landing on a beautiful beach of coral sand, on the north side of Fanning's Island. As soon as we landed, our officers, taking their guns, proceeded along the beach to the eastward of where the boats lay, seeming as much delighted to be on shore as any of the boys; thus leaving the boat's crew to do as they pleased. Most of them were on their first voyage, and a place like this had much to attract their attention. While they were examining the natural scenery of the place, the writer i and his brother walked rapidly into the woods. The island was a narrow strip of land, less than a mile wide in the widest part, somewhat circular, in form resembling a horse shoe. The space between the back points or after points as a sailor would term it—formed a passage through which vessels from the ocean outside, passed to the quiet waters of the lagoon, or bay; which is protected from the surges of the ocean waves by the sides of this imaginary horse shoe. The distance across the bay, we should think was five or six miles, as the land on the opposite side of the bay from where our boats first landed, could not be clearly seen without the aid of a telescope. After losing sight of our kind ship-mates, we travelled very fast through a forest of cocoanut trees, until we reached the outer shore of the island; this brought us in sight of our ship which, having taken a breeze, was lying off and on the land, waiting for the boats. I do not think we were seen by any one on board, for a ship can be seen at a distance of six or eight miles by persons on shore, or on another vessel; while a man can be seen only about two miles distant, unless aided by a glass. It was after sunset when we reached the outer shore, and as twilight is very short there, as in all places near the equator, it was dark before we finished our shelter for the night, which we made from the top of a cocoa-nut tree that we had cut down. The nuts we obtained from it, gave us the first food we ate after landing; the green nuts affording a most delicious drink, to satisfy our extreme thirst, after our hard pull in the whale-boats that afternoon. My brother was taken sick in the evening, caused by over exertion, and drinking too freely of cocoa-nut water. There was a medicine chest on board the ship we had left, but neither of us proposed to go in search of it; we had counted the cost and were prepared to abide the result, whatever it should be. There was one remedial agent of which we could avail ourselves on a grand scale, and this was Hydropathy— which means Water Cure—which I applied to my sick brother, by walking with him a few steps into the water and allowing the surf to break over us. And although my companion found relief, we lost some seeds of the crook-neck squash, washed out of our pockets by the heavy surf. I mention this as being a great loss to us at that time, as we were expecting to grow them on the island, to supply somewhat the want of bread. The natives of the Marquesas island grow large quantities of these squashes, which they sell to ships. We have known them to keep six months in the open air, exposed to the rays of the tropical sun. The quality is better than those grown with us. After the bath, we crawled under our shelter of palm leaves, and slept soundly until day-light. (to be continued.)