Meneeley Co. of West Troy New York... Meneeley Co. of West Troy N. Y. are competing with, the U. S. government in civilizing the Indians! Goternment sending destructive, horror making cannons; Meneeley Co. sending sweet sounding Church Bell! Meneeley Co. were a long way ahead at last accounts. We are using a number of The Bickford Knitting Machines; and they are very satisfactory indeed, Being among 'the wonders in this age' of machinery, their utility and expedition in business should be experienced by all, at so small cost. Material for Fences of wood variety is getting scarce. We must soon accept the alternative of no fences, or rely on the metal ones offered us by Washburn, Moen Co. Please read advertisement of Wasson and Martin several times. They form an enterprising and reliable firm. A Useful Apparatus : JohnBunyan said, that 'an idle boy's or girl's head was the devil's workshop^ Get them the 'Keystone Self-Inker' with complement of type. See Adv. crowned, Home to a heav en ly home THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. Let 'Jones of Binghamplon' have a balance and a weigh in your affairs. Comparatively speaking, his weighs are very economical. The Evening Times : Albany, N. Y. The verdict of a political opponent is: 'The best family paper; and conducted with most ability of any outside of New York city.' The U. S. Piano Co. enter a challenge to other manufacturers and salesmen. We mean to make ourselves more acquainted with their instruments. People will have Pianos, and they will look where to get them, in The Shaker Manifesto. Every farmer will yet be his own Miller ; grinding out his 'religious bread' as Elder F. W. Evans would say; then they will send for one of Sedgebeer's 'Nonpareil.' Send for a circular now. We are at a loss to speak as yet, of the bent Watbb Wheel ; but we are at no loss to say that the firms of Leffel &amp; Co. and N. F. Burnham, who enter into friendly competition in our columns, are both most honorable. By reference to our Br. Philip Smith's advertisement, it will be seen that Farmers, Gardeners, Amateurs, and 'the rest of mankind' can get genuine Shaker Garden Seeds by mail, at the very lowest cash prices. Try the seeds, coming immediately from the grower; it will pay you. Van Deusen'sTREE Label and 'Business Cards' are a desiderata long looked for. Send for a Circular and sample. The Hon. Clute Bros, of Schenectady, N. Y. present most excellent encouragements for parties wishing Engines, Boilers, etc. We know, also, of the 'Cluth Plough' being the best plough yet created, for all kinds of cross ploughing.