ITS WORST ENEMIES. GEO. ALBERT LOMAS , EDITOR. SHAKERS, N. Y.. That Christianity finds its worst enemies among those professing the strongest and most affectionate allegiance to it, is our assertion, and our most sorrowful regret. That there are differences of opinions, theologically, will never be matters of surprise, when our various organizations and constitutions are duly considered. Theology is a talk upon God, dictated by the mind of him or her who possesses ideas of theology. Hence, it is not strange, that there are as many theological mills, and roads thereto, as there are individuals with theological grists to be ground. Theological differences may always exist, and none be harmed thereby; for whether this or that is the best theology, we opine God cares very little. With religion, and religious life, the results are very different; for theology and religion are but distant relatives at best. The advent of Christianity into the world, was to bring new, practical lessons for its believers to learn and obey. The lessons prior to its coming had been good; sufficient for the progress of the people, who knew not of any pleasures above the world of fleshly indulgences—who were truly a carnal people, and justified, in the absence of Christianity, in all their regulated carnality. Now, let any man or woman, or they twain, engage, as did the children of THDEC SHAK1E MANIFESTO. Israel, in all the gratifications permitted and restricted by their God—let them learn and sing the song of Moses to perfection—and they are only good and perfect Jews at best. Will any rational thinker presume to say, that there is only an additional theology, belief or admission to be made by these parties, that they may be Christians? That merely acknowledging that Christ came to save sinners ; and believing in the super excellency of his blood, will change them from good Jews to good Chris- tians? Can it be, that such acknowledgement and belief are the means of building up a 'New Creation of God?' Such is the sincere teaching of the vast majority of the clergy ; who, however sincere, are the worst enemies of the Church of Christ! We wonder not at the differences of opinion, active among the apostles in their day ; and did we know of more of such differences we should not be surprised. That Paul overcame Peter'6 scruples of religious Christian life, was the most natural thing in the world; but at the same time, it was the triumph of darkness, which blotted out the pure, practical elements of primitive Christianity; hence, the 'falling away!' We say, 'most natural-' we add, the most unspiritual circumstance of seventeen hundred years, was the conversion of Peter from following the life of Jesus, to engage in the philosophical reasonings, apologies, and wholesale conversions after Paul! Had Swedenborg, with his eloquence, learning, tact and reasoning ability, converted Ann Lee from the necessity of such a degree of purity of life; such denials to general human selfishness; and permitting such licenses, that human nature should not feel pressed, restricted unto the death of the works ov the old creation, there would be nowl the same 'darkness covering the face of) the earth' that accompanied the falling away of the first Church. Swedenborg, was undoubtedly the most superior man of his day, in intellectual and moral attainments. There were elegancies of diction and habits about him, that wrought great attractiveness among the early disciples of Mother Ann Lee. So much was this the case, that under the slow progress* of Shakerism-; under its severe crucifixions of the flesh, and iconoclasm of the old domestic relations, many recurred to the easements, letups, and half-way crosses of Swedenborg ; and consequently, for fifty and more years—until the efficacy of a full cross against the flesh and its concomitant relations was satisfactorily established, Swedenborg and his writings, were kept 'without,' among the sorcerers. We have paid Paul's life, the high tribute of being very superior to his unchristian theology—his life was closely following that of Jesus. His victory over the 'head of the Church'— Peter—and the rest of the apostles— unless we except Jamesf—has given *The progress of the Shakers is necessarily slow, as they take up a cross too heavy to be borne by ordinary men and women of the world.—Henry Vincent. fBut Luther far surpassed the zeal and confidence of his fathers, in changing and corrupting everything sacred. In order to maintain his inconsistent and pernicious solijidian system of Imputed Righteousness, he rejected the whole epistle of James, and called it 'aw epistle of straw.' See the beginning of Luther's Works, Barclay's Ap. p. 80, 81. Armi. Mag. Vol. II. p. 288. 43 THE SHAKEE 4,3 Ithe clergy of today, the opportunities of toeing apologists for all fleshly indulgences, through unchristian marriages, private possessions, with their ever-accompanying catalogue of contingences ; and with only the fear of a future— 'the time will come when these things will be done away'—and with the apparent encouragement of 'Go it, while you may!' And the clergy are unhesitatingly selling Paul's permissions, while their multitudinous followers are most eager to buy ! But there is no Christ in these indulgences. Every marriage, however proper for the world, and its children, crucifies Christ afresh; every sexual congress of the twain, however necessary for the peopling of the earth, pollutes the Christian temple; every departure from 'all things common and equal,' and to private, personal, selfish aggregations, drives the third nail, by which the life-blood of Christ—the true Christian religion—ebbs entirely away ! These same clergymen (honorable in their sincerity, zeal and fervency ; but how inconsistent and cruel practically !) do not differ with us, regarding what the life of Christ Jesus was ! They admit its virgin celibacy ; they know of its living testimony of abstinence from sexual conbinations and lusts ; they are one with us in admission and admiration of the plainness of Jesus' dress and habits; they differ not that 'they were together and had all things in common ;' they are our equals in speaking of his peaceableness, in crowning him the Prince of Peace ! in keeping himself and little Church distinct from the 'manners' and governments** of the **Luke xx: 25. world, and in praising. Now, why all this 'beating round the bush?' Why not come out boldly, and say: uSuch was the life of Jesus Christ, we know; but we cannot live it; our congregations will not live it! hence, while admitting such to be genuine Christianity it is too onerous, too crossing for us to bear! Some noble clergymen, have come out thus boldly, and have renounced the name of ''Christian,' even as their lives are not. But knowing the grand contrast between the life of the world, and the life of Jesus, the Christ; realizing that the people will stay in Egypt, indulging in the world, flesh and devil; the clergy, in evading the commands of the Christ, to teach his words, and to 'follow him' in life, do so under the encouraging applause of the people and the pay of the devil! And amid their own desires for human, but unchristian pleasures ; Paul's permissions to be halfway Christians; and the unreserved consecration of the entire life of Jesus, the Christ, all looming up to be chosen from : 'Choose ye !' And while continuing to hold the pure, peaceable, unselfish, unworldly life of Christ, a subject of admiration, and not as a life-like pattern for all true disciples, we arraign such clergy and converts—professors of Christianity—as inimical to the cause of Christ, and the worst enemies that it has. *