SIN. No. 2. ALONZO HOLLISTER WHOM DOES MAN INJURE BY SINNING? Not that Almighty who dwells in in- accessible light; which no earthly man can ever approach unto—and in whose power the united strength of the inhabitants of earth is reputed as nothing— and to whom mere mortals are 'unprofitable servants,' after doing all that lies in their power! What can a man do tilting against the Sun ? Nay, against the wind ? Then how much less against the infinite and viewless One, whose servants these are! The soul that sins, 13 injured by transgression, and also the interest of his neighbor, who is entitled to our sincere confidence and service ; to our un- blemished gifts and untarnished sympathies. And since without him, we cannot hold relation to God, common wisdom teaches that here is where the wrong must be repaired, and the best relations cherished, that can be, in our rudimental conditions. From whom does the transgressor seek to cover his sins? Not from the omniscient One, whom man places so far distant in his fancy that the thought of Him has no place in the mind, in transgression, and therefore cannot exert restraining power, although He is abstractly believed to be everywhere present, 'beholding the evil and the good.' It is evident that the sinner fears the detection and scrutiny of just men, more than God ; and so long as he has any sense of propriety left, or fear of punishment, he seeks, to hide from men, his low, mean, dirty acts ; particularly those beastly acts of uncleanness, which tend to destroy all self-respect, self-confi- dence,—undermine self-hood, dethrone intelligence, and stamp the visage with an idiotic stare. Such cannot know God, except through the distortion of a corrupted fancy, until the covering of hypocrisy is taken off, and the criminal returns to the rule of a pure conscience ; not until by suitable atonement, he re-establishes true and healthy relations to the general economy of universal life, to which he is justly indebted to the extent of his active powers of service. All sins are works of darkness, which league the sinner with the power8 of darkness, and bring death not only upon the doer, but also upon those with whom he is socially connected, until the evil is put away by confession and repentance. Hence it is the right and duty of the children of God, to know those whom they receive into their communion ; both their internal and external history, and how far they can be trusted ; what their weaknesses are, and wherein they need assistance, as much as it is for a physician to know the habits, constitution, and irregularities of his patient; and if these have been wrong, he is expected to change. 'God is Light, and in Him is no darkness,' and those who dwell with God, dwell in light, and have no fellowship with works of darkness, but rather reprove them. 3O THE SHAKEE MAOTFESTO. And 'if we walk in the light, we have fellowship one with another,' with Christ, and with God. And the life of the infinite and holy One, flows through us, and cleanses and nourishes us in the growth of God's kingdom of eternal peace and righteousness. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.