CORRESPONDENCE Solomon Rankin, South Union, Ky My Dear Sir :—I have read all the papers you gave me... Cairo, Ill. Feb. 1, 1878 Solomon Rankin, South Union, Ky My Dear Sir :—I have read all the papers you gave me, relating to Shakerism, and I must say that I have derived much information and much comfort. I say comfort designedly, because your religion aims at a close similitude to perfection, and embraces a clear determination to follow the example of perfection. When Christ said 'Follow me, I am the way and the life,' he said it with a full knowledge of its import. That import was a separation from the world and its alluring follies ; and if the followers of Christ remain in the practice of worldly and unchristian pursuits, where is the 'following' that Christ rec- ommends ? I am more than impressed with the points of life as set forth in the pamphlet you gave me, and I wish to visit you again and learn more of your people and their religion. I desire you to , treat me as a novitiate, because I am in love with your holy lives and sublime truths. I am sick of Sin ; I see my own shapeless deformity as a sinner: I want more light, more truth, more rest THE SHAKER MLAJSTHPESTO. from Sin under Confession and Repentance. In spirit I am a Shaker. I will yet come to you. Your friend and pupil, Charles R. Pryor G. A. Lomas, Beloved brother and Editor: Although a stranger to you personally... Although a stranger to you personally, I feel that' you are my brother in the bonds of the gospel, the most endearing relationship on this earth. I feel emboldened by this relationship to address to you a few lines, expressive of my admiration of the Little Messenger edited by you, and called The Shaker Manifesto. A few 'thoughts have occurred to me while contemplating the goodness and loving kindness of our heavenly parents, in providing heavenly pasture for their sheep, in this wondrous gospel of peace and good-will to man. I desire to lay before you my contribution for your disposal as you think fit. Never having addressed you before, and never having written anything for publication I know not that I can offer anything that will come up to your standard of approval. If you should consider this worthy of being consigned to the waste basket I shall not be displeased, but will still cherish for it and its editor the same love and affection as heretofore. I consider it the repository of the highest and noblest sentiments known to human nature, and capable of lifting up • the fallen race of man to higher and loftier conditions, than are yet attained unto. Having been privileged with a home among Believers at Mt. Lebanon for three years past I have been fed by your writings and Elder Frederick's labors, so unselfishly bestowed upon our monthly visitor, that I cannot allow you longer to remain in ignorance of the gratitude I feel, for so noble a devotion to the cause of Zion—true missionary labor in God's vineyard, I consider it is without a rival in purity and excellence and beauty of form; and I will endeavor to tell you, in part what it has been to me during my three years' privilege. It has been to me meat and drink, strength and consolation. My love and reverence for Zion and her cause has been quickened and revived ; and by its aid 1 have been admitted to the inner sanctuary of my brethren and sisters in Christ—the temples of those at least who contribute to its columns—and I have thus in a measure been able to see what was in their hearts for God. What a treasure I have found ! more precious to me than all the wealth that earth can boast. Some months ago, Elder Henry C. Blinn commented in The Shaker on the phrase used by the Shakers, 'I kindly thank you.' It reminded me of the first time I heard it in New York. It had come directly from the Shakers, and I believed it originated with them ; at any rate it kindled a love in my heart for those who drew me towards them in spirit; and twenty years thereafter, principally by the influence of those little words, I was drawn within their fold at Mt. Lebanon. And here I have found fathers and mothers, sisters and brothers, who have returned to me a thousand fold for all I have sacrificed, and have caused me a thousand times to shout for joy in the spirit, that the privilege was given me to make my offering, and there to find myself and family accepted. 66 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 67 I found at Mt. Lebanon, kind, gospel kindred, who were willing to care for me, minister the strength to my weakness most adapted to my needs. At that time they nurtured and fed me, and bore with me in my ignorance, folly and pride ; self-conceit and worldliness of heart and mind that I brought with me, and planted me in this gospel, establishing me on the rock of revelation. And now, beloved brother, I desire to 'thank you kindly' for what you have been to me through The Shaker ; and through you I would 'kindly thank all' the contributors to The Shaker Manifesto. I love you all; would that I could tell you how much my prayer is, that our little messenger may prosper and continue its missionary work, until its influence is appreciated wherever needy i man is found. In for the blessing, and out at the slander Can there be a better ire, or out, than this? We think not, and must congratulate everyone ripon his wise choice, who joins us in the happy resolution. We are all creatures of action, and incline daily to find outings and innings of some kind. How brave and wise that we always seek these needed changes by true and noble principles. It is more than meat and drink to live an earnest, free and happy life; but only such can enjoy this boon, who are in for the blessing, and out at the slander. Canterbury, N. H.