THE SHAKER MANIFESTO AN OFFICIAL MONTHLY. O. A_. IL.OM.A.iS Editor. Shakers, W. Y. VOL. VIII.—MARCH. 1878.—No. III. MODERATION O. C. HAMPTON ' 'ls it is a time when all manner of theries except those based on absolutely | nmutable principles, are crumbling round us and tottering to their fall, loderation in every movement, and lorough deliberation and prudence in 11 directions, in thought, word and acion, will naturally suggest themselves 3 the advocate of progress, to higher nd holier conditions. Intelligent investigation into many iews and theories, both of religion and hilosophy seem of late years to have nfixed the foundations upon which they ested of old; and so far is this the ase, that the very technical terms once sed to teach them, are now without leaning and inapplicable. Of Theology, Evolution, Biology, to- gether with the newer doctrines of the 'nmaterial nature of Heat, Light, Elecficity, Galvanism, ¦' Odylic force etc; 'he old technical terms are in many ases entirely ruled out, and an almost ntirely new system of Technology subtituted. This being the case, great patience, orbearance, and above all, charity seem ecessary to be exercised toward all nth whom we converse, that no unpleasant feelings may arise to disturb union or produce unnecessary antagonisms. Let us be sure that we understand clearly this theory not only, but the terms which our interlocutor uses to explain it. This will go a great distance in main- taining peace. No argument is of any value, which has to be maintained at the sacrifice of the union of Christian fellowship, let its intrinsic merits be what they may. Persons are very different in their organizations ; and in nothing is this more discernable than in the elements of conservatism and radicalism. Especially is this the case when persons possessing these diverse elements of character happen to be extremists ! To calmly discuss the merits of a theory, between ex- treme radical and extreme conservative, is a very difficult matter if not impossible ; indeed quite so, unless both, or at least, one of them, has had an extended experience in self-discipline. Wisdom would seem to dictate, that where any two persons of warm, excitable temperaments wish to freely discuss the merits and demerits of a theory, they should first agree on some definite THE arrangements and rules of discourse, by which they would be held in such limits of moderation that their Christian fellowship and union would remain unimpaired. This, on the principle, that being forewarned is being forearmed. These suggestions are not given to discourage, but rather to encourage discussion and investigation ; by proposing means whereby good feelings may remain unmarred amid long, elaborate, and thorough discussions of the most intricate subjects. Finally, this is a transition season; 'wherein all theories are subjected to the crucible of a most searching and inexorable analysis; and much new and rich truth is thereby elaborated, and vast quantities of the feculence and chaff of error burned up, no more to appear in the way of progress, forever. And happy shall we all be, if with the freedom and emancipation from ignorance and error, we can also manage to reap a rich harvest of peace and union through the medium of the necessary self-discipline. Union Village, 0.