CHRISTIAN CULTURE. No. 10 WM. H. BUSSELL Patience: This is usually styled a passive virtue, in contradistinction to those called active. But, strictly speaking, none of the virtues requires more constant exercise than this. It presupposes a life demanding hardihood of character, the very opposite of luxury and indolence. The apostle Paul represents the Christian life as a warfare, and exhorts,—'Endure hardness as a good soldier.' Also, as a race—*'Let us run with patience the race that is set before us.' The poet Longfellow beautifully combines the idea of endurance with that of activity, making them the complements of each-other. 'Let us then be up and doing, With a heart for any fate ; Still achieving, still pursuing, Learn to labor and to wait.' Nature does not do every thing for man. She requires that he shall supplement her work. Indeed, it sometimes seems as though she were acting in direct opposition to his best interests. He is often led to ask, why these countless enemies to success, when he is doing his utmost to succeed. Why these frosts and droughts that cut off' his means of subsistence. These tempests and tornadoes, these fires and earthquakes that destroy in a moment the labors of many years, and involve man and his works in one common ruin. To the materialist these things are inexplicable ; not so to the Christian. By these he learns patience and to be a co-worker with God. His hold language is—'Though he slay me, yet will I trust in him.' Patience has a far-extending vista, reaching to the very throne of God himself, being co-ordinate with wisdom, love and power. The common adage, 'The world was not made in a day,' has its application both to man and the earth on which he dwells. Man's life is still only in its incipient stages. As yet he is but brother to the beasts that roam the earth, devouring one another; though here and there are found a few that partake of 'angels' food' and hence are beginning to live the life of angels, 'unvexed with all the cares of gain,' and free, in a measure' from the beastly passions that are the cause of wars and their unnumbered ills. Genuine, Christian patience is not an unreasoning thing, it is consistent with the highest reason. It looks with the utmost confidence to results of the most gratifying nature, for it perceives an infinite Cause in operations. The impatient mind does not study the Divine operation, and hence the world is a problem it cannot solve. Let the divine inspirations touch it, it can then see 'the Hand that moves the world,' and trace its various manipulations all along from the feeble beginning to the glorious end. These inspirations are indispensable. The life of Christ within the soul is the life of God there. This not only gives the power of overcoming the spirit of the world within, but imparts the assurance that all tilings will work together for the good of those who love God and ultimately effect the supreme welfare of all men. The patience of God imparts its own MAJSTCFESTO. THE! SHAKER 61 character to those who are the possessors of it, just as the love of God within changes the sensual, hating, vindictive earthly being to the spiritually kind, gentle and all-loving being. Groveland, N. Y.