Childhood and Theology Rev. Wm. P. Tilden (Slightly changed.) An artless girl with a joyous skip, [Who ne'er at the Sectarian cup had sipped,] Was trundling her hoop on the graveled way, When a stranger, watching her idle play, Lifted his finger as much as to say, 'A word if you please!' [She stopped to hear] [With uplifted eyes and listening ear.] 'Have you found the Savior?' he gravely said, [In thoughtful mood she] dropped her head Seemed turning the question o'er and o'er, As one she had never heard before: Then sadly replied as her hands she crossed, 'Why, I didn't know the Savior was lost!' 'You don't understand what I mean my child', The stranger replied, as he almost smiled. 'Do you love the dear Jesus?' O, yes, indeed, And I love to hear my mother read How fondly he loved every little child And I know when he spoke HE always smiled, And whenever I'm as good as I can be, I am very sure that he smiles on me. 'But do you trust in the blood, my child? Do you know you are totally denied? That on the dark waves of sin you are tossed, And without the blood you are certainly lost?' Her thoughtful eyes dropped, but she raised them again, As a child-thought flashed through her little brain. 'Oh! yes Sir; I trust in the blood,' she said, *'Tis my blood that keeps me from being dead; And please do not think that I am lost, For right down there where the cars just crossed. Is my papa's house. You see I could run Right home in a minute. It would be fun. Get up, old hoop'—and away she went, Far down the walk, on her play intent,— Leaving the stranger to sigh for the teaching Of good old times, and doctrinal preaching, And he sadly mused, as away she ran, 'The germ of A UnitakianF We copy from a late, Cape Town, South Africa paper: The Hon. J. M. Peebles, M. D., late American Consul at Trebizonde, is now on a visit to Cape Town. At Natal Dr. Peebles excited a warm interest in the sufferings of the famine stricken inhabitants of India, lately witnessed by himself. In Cape Town Dr. Peebles has been lecturing on Spiritualism in which he is an ardent believer.