SALVATION BY EDUCATION A plea for the universal education of youth The benefits of education should be extended to all children without exception. Even at this late day it is not a superfluous task to vindicate the claims of the offspring of the poor, of the poorest, of the vilest, to that mental cultivation, which it is in the power of every nation to bestow. That old notion is not yet stowed away among the forgotten rubbish of old times, that those, who were for labor and servitude, were born for nothing but labor and servitude ; and the less they knew, the better they would obey, and that the only instruction which was necessary or safe for them to receive, was that which would teach them to move like automata, precisely as those above them pulled the gtrings. I say we still hear this false principle asserted, though perhaps in more guarded and indefinite language ; and a more selfish, pernicious, disgraceful principle, in whatever terms it may be muffled up, never insulted human nature, nor degraded human society. It is the leading principle of despotism, the worst feature of aristocracy, and profane contradiction of that indubitable word, which has pronounced all men to be brethren, and in every thing which relates to their common nature, equal. In short it is only to the domestic animals, to the brutes that God has given for our use, that this principle can with justice be applied. Their education is not to be carried beyond obedience, because their faculties will not authorize a more liberal discipline. We are to feed them well, and use them gently, and our duty toward them is performed. But to say that this is the extent of our obligations toward any class or description of our fellow beings, is to advance the monstrous proposition, that their capacity is as low as their circumstantial situations ; and that their degree is among those who wear the yoke, and eat the grass of the field. But the truth is, that the minds of any one class are as improvable as the minds of any other class of me, andn may be therefore, improved in the same way, by the same means, and to as good purposes. Once grant that all human beings have the same human faculties, and you grant, to all, the complete right of the unlimited cultivation of those faculties. Nor is it at all more rational to suppose, that a judicious education of the poor, conducted to any attainable extent, will be liable to abuse in their hands, and lead them to forget their station and their duty, than that it will have similar effects on those who are nourished on the lap of affluence. The experience that has been collected on this point, only strengthens the deductions of analogy, and confirms the important position, which has hitherto gained too little practical faith in the world, that, the more a people know, the less exposed they are to every description of extravagance. Wherever there is an uninformed mind, there is an unknown amount of lost usefulness and dormant energy. If this is so through the negligence or perversity of the individual, with him is the guilt, and with him be the punishment; if this is so through the influence of sentiments which are current in society, the fearful responsibility rests with those who avow and maintain them. I see not why the man who would repress, and who does repress, as far as in him lies, the moral and intellectual capabilities of a fellow creature, is not as culpable as if he abused and destroyed his own. I have said that the children of the vilest and lowest portion of the community share in the general right to the advantages of education. Their claim possesses a peculiar title to our consideration. Some have spoken as if such were beneath or beyond our assistance and bring contamination from their birth place. Their lot is in the region of irreclaimable wickedness it is said, and as their parents are, so are they destined to become. Destined! and so they are if you will not help to save them. They are destined and forever chained down to a state of moral loathsomeness, in which degradation seems to be swallowed with the food, and vice breathed in with the air. And shall they stay in such a pit of darkness? Is not their situation the strongest possible appeal, which can be made to your pity, generosity, sense of justice, and love of good? THE SHAEEB 59 Does it not call on you most loudly and imperatively, to pluck the brands from the burning, ere yet they have been scorched too deeply and darkly by the flames? Nothing is more probable than that such children may be preserved to virtue by a timely interference ; nothing is more certain, than that they will be lost if they remain. I know of no call, which promises such ample success and reward to the spirited efforts of benevolence as this. Vice may be cut off, in a great measure, of her natural increase, by the adoption of her offspring into the family of virtues; and though it is true, that the empire of guilt receives constant emigrations and fresh accessions of strength, from all the regions of society, yet it is equally true, that they whose only crime it is that they were born within its confines, may be snatched away, and taught another allegiance, before they have become accustomed to its language, familiar with its corruptions, and have vowed a dreadful fidelity to its laws. Religion is the only sure foundation of virtue ; and what is any human being, young or .old, rich or poor without virtue? He cannot be trusted, confided in or loved. Religion is the only sure index of duty; and how can any one pursue an even or a reputable course, without rules and without principles? Religion is the only guide to true happiness, and who is there so hardy as to assume the tremendous responsibility of withholding those instructions and consolations, which dispel doubt; soothe affliction, make the bed of sickness, smoothly spread the dying pillow, and open the gates of an effulgent happiness? Let, then, religion be the primary object in the education of the young. Let it mingle naturally, and gracefully, in all their pursuits and acquirements. Let it be rendered intelligible, attractive, and practical. Let it win their affections, command their reverence, and ensure their obedience. Children of any class whatever, may be taught in a great compass and liberality of knowledge; not only without apprehension, but with assiduity and encouragement; but let them above all things, be 'taught of the Lord.' And what follows? When all thy children shall be taught of the Lord, what is the promise, the reward and the consumation? 'Great shall be the peace of thy children.' All the blessings, signified by that word peace, shall be the lot of those who are thus wisely instructed, and these shall descend on the community, in proportion as it has exerted itself to diffuse light and religion throughout its whole mass. Knowledge of itself is power, and when the knowledge of the Lord is united with it, it is happiness and real pros- perity. Order reigns—the best order—that which is produced, not so much by the operations of authority and law, as by the independent righteousness of each individual, who bears about with him his own law : freedom finds its congenial habitation and home; for general intelligence inspires mutual respect, and self respect; and 'where the spirit of the Lord is there is liberty.' Benevolence is ever active and zealous ; for knowledge is the enemy of selfishness. Religion warms and expands, the heart and the discipline of Christ is assured that the best service of God, is the service of mankind. In short, there cannot be other than a sense of security, and a composed countenance of peace, felt and experienced throughout society, when those principles of religious knowledge are generally and practically received, which hold up to the face of every man, his duty to his Maker, to his neighbor, and to his own soul. Then there is that separate individual peace, which takes up its dwelling in the minds and hearts of all those who have been taught of the Lord, a peace holy, heavenly, profound, which the world cannot give because it is above the world and independent of it; the peace of a quiet conscience, of a regulated mind, of innocent hopes, of calm desires, of the love which embraces humanity, and the trust which reposes on heaven; a gentle river running through the life, imparting beauty, pouring out refreshment, and lending its grateful moisture to the most hidden and attenuated roots and threads of sen- iment and feeling, clothing the sands with verdure, and sprinkling the lonely places with sweet flowers. Add this peace of each single bosom to that general peace which pervades the community, and how truly may it e called great! I deny not that a nation may become powrful, victorious, renowned, wealthy, and full of great men, even though it should neglect the education of the humbler classes of its population; but I do deny, that it can ever become a happy or truly prosperous nation till all its children are taught of the Lord. To say nothing of the despotisms of the east, look at the kingdoms of Europe, with their battles and their alliances, and their pompous and gaudy ceremonies ; their imposing clusters of high titles and celebrated names; and after this showy phantasmagoria has passed away, mark the condition of the majority, observe their superstition, their slavishness, their sensual enjoyments, their limited range of thought, their almost brutalized existence ; mark this, and say, whether a heavenly peace is among them ! Alas, they know not the things which belong to their peace; nor are their rulers desirous that they should know; but they rather prefer that these should live on in submissive ignorance, that they may be at all times ready to swell trains of their master's pride, and be sacrificed by hecatombs to their master's ambition. South Union, Ky.$$