Meneeley Co. of West Troy New York... Meneeley Co. of West Troy N. Y. are competing with the U. S. government in civilizing the Indians! Government sending destructive, horror making cannons; Meneeley Co. sending sweet sounding Chubch Bell ! Meneeley Co. were a long way ahead at last accounts. We are using a number of Thb Biokford Knitting Machines; and they are very satisfactory indeed, Being among 'the wonders in this age' of machinery, their utility and expedition in business should be experienced by all, at so small cost. Material for Fences of wood variety is getting scarce. We must soon accept the alternative of no fences, or rely on the metal ones offered us by WASHBURN, MOEN Co. Please read advertisement of Wasson and Martin several times. They form an enterprising and reliable firm. A Useful Apparatus : JohnBunyan sai, that 'an idle boy's or girl's head was the devil's workshop.'' Xet them the 'Keystone Self-Inker' with complement of type. See Adv. The Estey Organ scarcely needs our praise. We have many of them in our Societies, and every one is a Utme Delight.' We further say, that Cluett has furnished us. We have been acquainted with F. T. Van Patten for more than twenty years, and assure our friends, who need Broom Machinery, or anything in his line of busi- ness, that they will receive the best of satisfaction. Send for his Circular. Oftentimes, we are led to regret, that there are un~ scrupulous persons, who, realizing the solid benefits of judicious advertising, will use it most freely on some useless or worse, than useless articles, and soon retire with fortunes of ill-earned gains. But we can still point to thousands who by a wholesome, judicious judgment, have used advertising to their exceeding profit! and to the most creditable advancement of useful materials. Such, we believe our patrons to be. We have taken considerable and particular pains to acquaint ourself with Dr. Frazier's remedies, and find from those using them, only a good report. His Bitters are purely medicinal, and not an intoxicant beverage. For months, we have been witness of the workings of Coolbv's Creamer, and we know of many who endorse what we have inserted as their advertisement. We are confident dairy people will inquire into the arrangement, and send for Circulars. It will pay to do The IT. S. Piano Co. enter a challenge to other manufacturers and salesmen. We mean to make ourselves more acquainted with their instruments. People will have Pianos, and they will look where to get them, in The Shaker Manifesto. Every farmer will yet be his own Miller ; grindingout his 'religious bread' as Elder F. W. Evans would say; then they will send for one of Sedgebeer's 'Nonpareil.' Send for a circular now. We are at a loss to speak as yet, of the best Water Wheel ; but we are at no loss to say that the firms of Leffel &amp; Co. and N. F. Bumham, who enter into friendly competition in our columns, are both most honorable. By reference to our Br. Philip Smith's advertisement, it will be seen that Farmers, Gardeners, Amateurs, and 'the rest of mankind' can get genuine Shaker Garden Seeds by mail, at the very lowest cash prices. Try the seeds, coming immediately from the grower; it will pay you. Van Deusen's Tree Label and 'Business Cards' are a desiderata long looked for. Send for a Circular and sample. The Hon. Clute Bros, of Schenectady, N. Y. present most excellent encouragements for parties wishing Engines, Boilers, etc. We know, also, of the 'Clutk Plough' being the best plough yet created, for all kinds of cross ploughing. Live honestly, purely, nobly, while on earth, and the Eternal Father will care for your immortality.