ANN LEE Her Work, her People, and their Critics Second Paper. The conjunction of Ann Lee with the revivalists Wardleys, proved to have been opportune for the enhancement and enlargement of the little Society's interests. For by her uncommon diligence in learning of the new life, and from her zeal in the promulgation of the faith, she was instrumental in adding many to the faith, her husband being included among the number. So zealous was Ann in the delivery of the testimony she had imbibed, and so full of the administration of the power which accompanied the faithful, she C3 THE SHAKER MAINTIPIESTO. THE SHAKER 63 was unanimously chosen as the leader of the little band, and from this time, hence, was called Mother Ann! We will see, as we progress, how worthy she was of the title, and how mother-like she sustained it! It may be well,, before dealing further with the administration of Mother Ann, to describe the movings of the Spirit upon this little people, previous to her becoming their leader; that the reader may realize what she found in progress at the Wardley's when she first visited them, and attended their religious meetings. Let it be remembered, that the revival of the beautiful spirit of Pentecost, began with the Wardley's in Bolton and Manchester, in 1747, when Ann was only nine years of age, who of course was as ignorant of any such movement as she was of her future. The testimony of these people was derived from vision, and a revelation from some source that proclaimed verbally, through them : '' That the second appearing of Christ was at hand, and that the church was rising in her full, transcendant glory, which would effect the final down-fall of antichrist!' Their method of waiting on the Spirit, was after the well-known manner of the Quakers. Sometimes, after assembling together, and sitting a while in silent meditation, they were taken with a mighty trembling, under which they would express the indignation of God against all sin. At other times, they were affected, under the power of God, with a mighty shaking; and were occasionally exercised in singing, shouting, or walking the floor, under the influence of spiritual signs, swiftly passing and repassing each other, like clouds agitated by a mighty wind. Prom these strange exercises the people received the name of Shakers, and by some were called Shaking Quakers; but, from the time of James Wardley's ministration to the present day, they have been most generally known and distinguished by the name of Shakers. Such was the agitation of the religious elements when Ann joined and was baptized by the Shakers. Born Feb. 29, 1736, she was at this time only 22 years of age when by her perfect obedience, she had attained to all that was made manifest in the leading characters of the society, still finding in herself the seed, or remains of human depravity, and a lack of the Divine nature, which is eternal life abiding in the soul, she did not rest satisfied in that state, but labored in continual watchings and fastings, in tears and incessant cries to God, day and night, for deliverance. And, under the most severe tribulation, and violent temptations, as great as she was able to resist and endure, such was, frequently, her extreme agony of soul, that blood would issue through the pores of her skin. By such deep mortification and suffering, her flesh wasted away, and she became like a skeleton, wholly incapable of helping herself; and was fed and nourished like an infant, although, naturally, free from bodily infirmities, and a person of strong and sound constitution, and invincible fortitude of mind. In this manner she was more or less exer- cised in soul and body for about nine years, previous to assuming the leadership, during which period the way of God, and the nature of his work, were gradually opened from one thing to another, and the light and understanding which she received, was gradually communicated to the society, until she received that manifestation of God by which the man of sin was revealed, and through which she discovered the transgression of the first woman—the root and foundation cause of human depravity, whence all mankind were lost and separated from God; and by special and immediate revelation, she received the Testimony of God against the whole corruption of man, in its root and every branch; which is properly, the testimony against the flesh; or the testimony against all sin. This testimony, in its fullness, she received in open vision from the Lord Jesus Christ, who appeared plainly, and clearly revealed the true nature and work of the everlasting Gospel of salvation to her. This was while she was in the public prison, where she was put by the malice of her enemies, through false accusation, because of the searching light and increasing power manifested through her. Thus she received her mission by the heavenly dove, or Divine Anointing Spirit of Christ in the order of the female. Her testimony was now increased in such mighty power of M^ISTZFIESTO. THE SHAKER God, attended with the word of prophecy, and such energy of the Spirit, as penetrated into the secrets of the heart, and was irresistible, especially to those with whom she was united Thus, we claim Ann Lee to have been the prepared and inspired woman, through whom Christ's second manifestation was made evident to the world, in its true testimony against, and power over sin. Known now to all as Mother, she refused all other titles, even of Madame or Mrs. Entering upon the leadership in 1770, the order of religious exercises became more governable ; but as full, and more so, of the revival spirit. Large numbers would come to witness their devotions and to hear their testimony. They would sing, dance, shake and shout; speak in new and unknown tongues, and prophesy understanding^ : they had all the movings of the spirit, even to the healing of the sick, wounded, etc. that presented themselves at the earlier Pentecostal church, when the Holy Ghost came ¦ down upon the early believers in Jesus. While these spiritual demonstrations remained a novelty, and did not interfere with any but themselves, they enjoyed the privileges dictated by the spirit. But their testimony was for the world, and when, through public declarations, attacks were made upon the sensual, idolatrous practices of the masses, in the lusts of the flesh and the pride of life, then there rose tumultuous mobs, by whom she and her followers were most shamefully abused, and she was particularly ill-used, being several times imprisoned. It was while she was thus imprisoned— having been put there for the purpose of starving her to death—that the door of her cell never turned on its hinges for fourteen days, nor did she receive a visit from any, save one—a little boy, who being permitted to visit her once a day, but not to see her, nor converse with her excepting through the key-hole, concealed a bottle of milk and wine, which with a pipe-stem he fed to her. It was at this time she claimed the spirit of Jesus Christ made its appearance to her, and also made to her the grand annunciation of her mission! She was charged with blasphemy; and when after two weeks, her keepers surprised at finding her alive, took her before a council of ministers, with a demand by the mob that she should suffer the penalty for such an offence—that her tongue should be bored, and her cheek branded with a B. Her judges heard her, questioned her, found her to be most illiterate, yet wanted and demanded an exhibition of her speaking in unknown tongues. The spirit moved her tongue to their more than satisfaction; for in speaking several hours, she had delivered herself in more than seventy languages, much of which was understood by her judges. These acquitted her, advising the people to let her and followers go in peace; but they would not, and taking them apart from the city began stoning them, but without harm, for dissensions arising among themselves, they scattered, leaving them alone! Many such trials might be narrated of her and people while in England; and although rejected by the people at large, the little company enjoyed in seclusion the benefits accruing from their faith. For two years, while Mother Ann yet remained in England, the public testimony ceased. She was now directed to repair to America, where she saw, in vision, the hand of God preparing the way for the formation of a government, under which any and all could be as good as they pleased, and testify of the inspirations of the spirit, as coming from quickened and progressed consciences unhindered. * (continued.)