CARE OF THE AGED Do not let us forget those in the decline of life. We are very liable to fail of realizing how soon people feel the effects of age, and thus need some especial considerations of the young and strong. A hundred ways will open to mind whereby such can alleviate the cares which declining years and strength always bring, and, without waiting for ambition to fail those in life's decline, let the young do for them those hundreds of little kindnesses which add so much comfort to them, and satisfaction to the givers, and almost make the aged forget the pangs of growing old. Familiarity with their sufferings and trials, should be no excuse for even a seeming neglect of the care they need from the young. Though they may inwardly groan at their loss of youthful vivacity, let the young try to realize that they may be left, by age and infirmities, to have just such feelings, and then may also need such kindly considerations as those of activity and strength are now able to bestow. While the aged should be kind to each other, may they be also patiently forbearing with the indiscretions of those younger, who should be mindful, that, while the grinding misfortunes of sufferings from infirmity and age unpleasantly burden the feelings of those upon whom they fall, yet, no excuse can ever reasonably intrude for want of care for them, nor of casting them off, with neglect of the bestowal of comforts according to their conditions. How dreadfully cold to such, is even the apparent indifference of those, who should be staves upon whom they might lean for support, as their children in the Gospel of Christ, having forsaken all natural kin for the Gospel's sake, they are now reasonably looking for more kind care, and sweeter comforts from their spiritual posterity. 'How sharper than a serpent's tooth it is, To have a thankless child.' THE SHAKER M^TSTEEHESTO. Then let us see to it that the G-ospel Providences are superior, and more plentiful in behalf of the aged, than the best of care administered by the relatives of consanguinity.