WASHINGS OF REGENERATION ELDER F. W. EVANS A man, or woman, who should go for weeks, or months, without washing with water, would be untidy, uncouth, unclean, dirty. A wagon, or any kind of running machinery, in use for a long time, or even a short time, without oil, or some kind of lubricating substance, would be out of order, injured. Instead of doing duty quietly, smoothly, almost self-acting, there would be harsh screeching sounds proceeding therefrom, indicating disorganization, going on to destruction. Is it not thus with natural men and women coming in contact with the Gospel? Morality, external right, going from policy rather than principle—exter- nal observance of the Rules of the Order, to maintain an external relation thereto, may be good as far as it goes, even as a perfect threshing and winnowing machine is a necessity to a farmer, having large crops of grain to take care of; yet, as that machine requires the superadded oil, and that continuously and regularly supplied, so does the most perfect natural moral man, or woman require the oil of gladness to make glad the City of our God. In other words, they require the daily washings of regeneration, while traveling in the regeneration. That is, they require a daily Spiritual baptism, induced by meeting with their brethren and sisters from a spirit home, when they meet with their brethren and sisters in earthly homes. Meeting should be a meeting of the members of the Church in the Spirit World, with the members of the Church on earth, a union of spir54 SEL^JKLER M^JNTrFESTO. THE SHATKBR MANIFESTO: 55 it and oneness of aspiration after God,—the living God—in each soul. To every one is given a measure of the Spirit to profit withal. Let no one fail to receive and utilize it. All will leave such a meeting with their souls as much changed, cleansed, refreshed, as their natural bodies would be, after the toil and labor of the day, by a John-theBaptist immersion in some running river. Shall not the washings of regenera- tion of the human soul, be as real, as frequent and as efficacious, as are the washings of the human body? And are they not as necessary, to cleanse us from all unrighteousness, after we have done the will of God by confessing and forsaking sin, as frequent ablutions are to the physical system? Let us bring no more vain oblations, but in our devotions be earnest, sincere, in the purification of ourselves from all filthiness of flesh and spirit, of soul and body. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.