INDIANS. No. 2 JAMES S. PRESCOTT We could not but admire the spirit in which President Hayes received the Indian Chiefs, on their late visit to Washington, and the interest he manifested in their behalf, promising them that he would do all in his power to better their condition by laying their case before the great council, Congress, inviting the cooperation of the Indians in whatever measures might be adopted to promote their future welfare and happiness. And in his annual message to Congress, we find him true to his promise, by inserting this remarkable passage in favor of the Indians : 'I see no reason why Indians who can give satisfactory proof of having, by their own labor supported their families for a number of years, and who are willing to detach themselves from their tribal relations, should not be admitted to the benefit of the homestead act, and the privileges of citizenship, and I recommend the passage of a law to that effect.' What could he do more ? Let this be done and the Indians will be recognized as having 'rights that white men are bound to respect.' If any doubt the ability of the Indian Chiefs to plead their own cause, let them read the following spiritual communication received by us, and which we here transcribe, with some slight emendations, expressive of the feelings of many of the noble Chiefs now in the form : 'O YE WHITE FACES OF NORTH AMERICA ! Come listen a-while to the words of an Indian Chief, who lived and flourished about 320 years ago, in that section of country now known as the six New England States. TTTK SHAKER MANIFBISTO. My name among the red men of the forest who lived at the time I now speak of, was known as Tecumwega. Though my name was scarcely known to the white man, yet among my people it was known even beyond the Rocky Mountains. When I bring up to view the long list of grievances, for more than two hundred years past, and of the many vows and promises the white man has made to the red man of the forest, and has so often broken them, I cannot help shedding tears of sympathy, in behalf of my poor, red brethren, who as it were are scattered to the four winds. Even at the early period I first spoke of, my countrymen had fears of the white man becoming a strong and power- ful nation, and we would be driven from our beautiful forest homes and hunting grounds to some far distant clime, we Juiew not where, or slain by hundreds and thousands by the hand of our enemies. For we plainly saw by the few white men that came among us, that they were very deceitful, unjust, treacherous, and cruel. In after times, I admit, the red man committed many depredations and massacres on the white man, and, for all of which he surely will have to suffer, and will not go unpunished, but must meet the strict justice of the Great Spirit. But, when we duly consider the much greater advantages the white man has in obtaining knowledge, goodness, and wisdom, (with the arts and sciences included,) I say, those sins the red man has committed sink as it were into insignificance by the side of those of the white man. O MY PEOPLE ! MY RED BRETHREN OF NORTH AMERICA ! Of the past, I think back with sorrow. Of the present, I am filled with lamentations. And the future I grasp in fond hopes of imagination, as a tender Mother holds her infant to her bosom. O Red Man ! O Red Man ! Thy fore-fathers delighted to sit by gentle streams and hear the sweet songsters in the foliage above ; while the green mantle of nature was spread beneath their feet, yet, they were happy. The Great Spirit made them happy and contented. For their hearts were as light as the lark in the morning, and their feet were as swift as the fawns upon the mountain. And they loved to ride in their bark canoes on the beautiful rivers, and ride their ponies over the western prairies of this fair soil of America. But, where are they now ? They have gone to their spirit homes. And you, O my brethren ! Where are you gone ? Where have you fled ? You have passed away like the dews of the morning, save a remnant only to tell the sad story. I behold the once beautiful forest, homes and hunting grounds of the red man, occupied by large cities, and flourishing towns, built by the white man's hands, and in these splendid mansions he likes to sit, make and devise plans, not only to cheat the poor Indian out of his just rights and privileges, but even to cheat his own white brethren.' North Union, O.