Selected A gentleman who circulates considerably in society... A gentleman who circulates considerably in society took it in his head to remark the adjectives employed by the persons—outside, of course, of his own family— with whom he came in contact. For a month he quietly noted, and a few months since he made up his report. The favorite adjective among all classes he found to be 'great' which he heard pronounced within the time aforesaid 167 times, 'Awful' and 'splendid' ranked second and third respectively,3 the former being repeated 142 and the latter 151 times; 'feai'ful'followed 150 times, and 'frightful' 140 times. 'Fine' he heard 138 times, 'gorgeous' 136 times, 'grand' 134, 'pretty'' 134, and 'beautiful' 133. Among the]ladies he found the word 'lovely' to be an adjective held in high esteem, and which was applied to everything. It fell on his ears 198 times, and four times he heard it expressed, by men. In comparison, the superlative degree was employed the most, 218 times, the comparative 143 and the positive 97 times. Things Worth Forgetting It is almost frightful and altogether humiliating, to think how much there is in the common on-going of domestic and social life, which deserves nothing but to be instantly forgotten. Yet it is equally amazing how large a class seem to have no other business but to repeat and perpetuate these very things. That is the vocation of gossips, an order of society that perpetrate more mischief than all the combined plagues of Egypt together. You may have noticed how many speeches there are, which become mischievous only by being heard a second time repeated, and what an army of both sexes are sworn to see to it, that the fatal repetition shall be had. Blessed is that man or woman that can let drop all the burrs, and thistles, instead of picking them up and fastening them on to the next passenger. Would we only let 'the vexing and malicious sayings die, how fast the lacerated and scandal-ridden world would get healed and tranquilized.— Despondency The most perilous hour of a person's life is when he is tempted to despond. The man who loses his courage loses all; there is no more hope of him than of a dead man; but it matters not how poor he may be, how much pushed by circumstances, how much deserted by friends, how much lost to the world; if he only keeps his courage, holds up his head, works on with his hands and with unconquerable will determines to be and to do what becomes a man, all will be well. It is nothing outside of him that kills, but what is within, that makes or unmakes. The Cost Of War Give me the money that has been paid in war, and I will purchase every foot of land on the globe. I will clothe every man, woman, and child in an attire that kings and queens would be proud of. I will build a schoolhouse on every hillside and in every valley over the whole habitable earth. I will build an academy in every town, and endow it; a college in every State, and fill it with able professors. I will crown every hill with a church, consecrated to the promulgation of the Gospel of peace. I will support in the pulpit an able teacher of righteousness, so that every Sabbath morning the chime on one hill should answer to the chime on another around the earth's broad circumference, and the voice of prayer and song of praise should ascend like a universal holocaust to heaven.— Stebbing