PROPOSED ADDITIONS TO THE ROCHESTER PLATFORM ELDER F. W. EVANS The planks in the National League bridge, that is to pass us safely from the old to the new earth government, are good as far as they go. But there are not enough of them; we shall fall through, unless more are added. To make it safe, I propose to add :— 1. A distinct recognition of women as citizens, equal with men in all the processes of framing and executing the laws. IVLAJSTTF^STO. 2. A warrantee deed of all the land in the United States to all the citizens of the United States. 3. A land limitation law, denning the quantity of land that any citizen may purchase, or inherit and hold, after the year 1878. Heirs to inherit, but be compelled, by the limitation laws to sell all land above the legally limited number of acres. The government to legislate poverty out of existence, and each citizen into possession of a portion of land, from which to produce his daily bread by his honest labor. In the 'wilderness,' all owned the land, and each citizen gathered the 'manna' with his and her own hands. This land legislation should respect existing vested rights of individuals and corporations, as is done in making highways, railroads and canals, and as is done in times of intestine and national wars. 4. The abolition of laws for the collection of debts. It is stated that the collection of debts costs more money than the amount collected will pay, and that the lawyers and courts are thereby defrauded of their just or legal dues. Now that the National Liberal League is formed, I feel comforted in my spirit. The Inquisition, with its fires and fagots, its racks and screws, its horrible tortures and dislocations of the human form di- vine, seem further off in the coming future. Cause and effect are no more indissoluble, than it is that any religionist, who believes in war under any circumstances, will advocate the union of Church and State. When Church and State are united, and they have legislative power, they will think they are doing God, and Christ, and the Holy Spirit good, and acceptable service in restraining heretics and infidels, Quakers and Shakers, Freethinkers and Spiritualists. By the Constitutions of several States, those who disbelieve in a personal God and devil, may not be witnesses in law. As God liveth, and as human beings have inalienable right to life-elements— land, air, and sunshine,—let there be no peace, nor rest, until the American gov- ernment is a joy in the earth,—until Shaker communities, and all infidels to Babylon Church-and-State fighting, monopolizing, persecuting theologies, are excluded and forever separated from the halls of legislation and courts of justice, that are for all peoples, nations, and tongues on the face of this earth. Let us all be known only as American citizens. Then shall those be blessed who inherit the earth,—the land ; and wars shall cease to the ends of the earth, for its causes will have been removed forever and ever. Those theologies that make people to be hateful and hate one another, shall be supplanted by the love of God and the love of man, that worketh no ill to its neighbor. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.