SHAKERISM: The World's Spiritual Metre Shaker Societies are numerically populated, and strengthened physically and spiritually, entirely by accessions from those once not of their peculiar faith and organizations. They are ever thus nour- ished when genuine, religious revivals are visited upon the people—whenever the real Christ makes its presence felt. Hence, in the absence of those seasons of deep contrition upon the multitudes ; a want of real, soul conviction for sins ; the quietude of the spiritual waters ; the cool indifference of the masses as 'to whom shall we go?' for 'the faith once delivered to the saints,' the aforesaid Societies keenly feel the want of that valuable nourishment, and that invaluaole assistance which ever accompany a genuine baptism of the people, by Christ's spirit. Our only hopes of the continuance and permanence of the Societies, lie in our iaith that God loves the people ; will visit them religiously ; ripen them fit for the spiritual harvest, 'cut their lives off rom the earthly,' procreative plane, to ie angelic men and women in heavens, on earthbegun. Such has been the promse of God to us as a people, and never las the promise failed us yet. To be sure, we have seen dark, tryng seasons ; we have passed many deponding nights ; we have had occasions when to doubt seemed justifiable, and j THE SHAKEE when the hand of Providence seemed shortened, its ear heavy and we left forgotten and forsaken ! We have seen the flood tides of revivals filling our homes with individuals beyond our conveniences, and had our hopes droop when the ebbing carried back to the seas of worldliness as unfit material, the larger part of the accumulation netted therefrom, until we have sighed from the depths of our hearts over the remnant: '' And will ye also go away?' But God has been with us, and thus far the institution has been providentially preserved—there has been too much good therein, for God to forsake it or its sustainers. It still stands ! if not in all the exaltation of more spiritual conditions, yet sufficiently permanent for the further salvation of the people, for whose spiritual baptism we sincerely, earnestly pray, and for whose ensnarement into the gospel net, we as patiently and hopefully wait. Waiting, we would work ; even as the heavenly Father 'worketh hitherto,' for the hopes and happiness, the security of greater salvation for the people from besetting sins, over which they really have no power of control! And our prayers and work avail something. Finding insufficient power of salvation from the temptations and sins of unchristian lives, many have asked, and will again ask : 'To whom shall we go?' And while the seven-principled tramp comes and goes—is cast back into the deep after having eaten of out five loaves and two fishes—the really soul-hungering penitent, meets the Father and is received, 'to go no more out forever.' Soon after the Shaker Churches at Mt. Lebanon N. Y. and Watervliet (now Shakers N. Y.) were organized, all accessoins of a desirable kind ceased entirely ! Just when the people so organized into churches had most hopes, that God would send hungering souls for the bread of life in their keeping, all applications stopped! For eight or ten years this stagnation continued; and some, grown weary of waiting, despondent and hopeless, departed from the institution, to the exceeding sorrow of those remaining. In the year 1800, Issachar Bates came to Watervliet as an inquirer ; and the whole settlement was roused to a high pitch of excitement over the fact that the gospel had sufficiently opened to at- tract a single individual who wanted more salvation than he could get elsewhere ! The news soon reached Mt. Lebanon, and Asenath Clark, then a youth, (but afterward presiding Eldress of the Societies,) ran from room to room, and from individual to individual, with the joyful tidings : 'The gospel has opened, for a man has come !' From this small opening, let us see what followed, thank God, and take courage : Issachar Bates brought his family of nine ; then came Benjamin Youngs with his family of seven ; then Seth Youngs with five ; then David Train with nine ; followed by Jason Harwood with nine more ; then came the noble, royal, Wells family of sixteen! then William Carter with seven ; Elizabeth Bowser with /our, and Betsy Lovegrove with four more; another royal family followed, the Vedders, with seven; Ralph Hodgson brought six with him ; Justus Brewster's family cotated seven; Frederick Wicker's six, and Prime Lane's (colored) numbered seven. Ten more who came singly, without families, complete the count of those who united at Watervliet, during the 68 MAJSTTEniESTO. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 69 ylars of 1800, 1801, 1802 and 1803— four years ! Ujidthe beauty, brilliancy and best part to tell of these, is that nearly all remained jto grow to advanced ages, pillars to the institution, having hundreds to rise up and call them blessed, with many thousands yet to come, and to do praise to their consecrations ! The times are dull, spiritually ; the heavens now seem unusually closed to the impartation of heavenly gifts ; the special notices of the near, spiritual world, are for a reason and for a season very measurably withdrawn ; the neces- sity of keeping our conditions well ordered, with lamps trimmed and burning to meet some midnight cries, seems hardly like a necessity, and greater conformity with worldliness seems almost desirable ; but these trials of our faith, will prove the faithful worthy of the grand- est promotions. Let us take heart, and fling doubt and despondency to the winds. Let us, and all the world realize, that our maintenance as a spiritual organization entirely depends upon its genuine religious revivals : that large faith in God is a necessity, to live in hopes of these revivals ; and that our Shaker Societies will ever indicate by their fullness of active, reliable members just how spiritually in- clined the world is, being the hope of its people unto their greater and perfect salvation.