ANIMADVERTORY We have been kindly apprehended, for certain allusions made in our last number, unpleasantly reflecting on the apostle Paul. Our friends need have no fears, that Paul will not be duly respected at this office. We have paid him the highest of compliments, and still do so, when we say, that his life was Christian, his permissions were not, and that he lived much better than he taught. These same friends admit, that Paul did grant unchristian permissions for worldly, fleshly indulgences which Jesus never did, nor would do to-day. They apologize for Paul however, offering as an excuse, the class and character of the people he had to deal with. We admit all of this. We admit Paul thought it best; believed it the only way to build up a church—believed he never would get a church together unless he did so ; yet after all these admissions, we arraign Paul for granting the permissions ; for intimating the futility of good works ; for making faith more necessary than works ; for introducing the doctrine of the atonement, and for various doctrines inimical to the life and gospel of Jesus, the Christ, to which, those loving the pleasures of the world, and not the life of Christ, fly to, as Christian (?) permissions to live unlike Jesus ; and will continue so to do while Paul is reverenced as he is. He is not reverenced by the masses for the life that he lived—for his living testimony—but for the permissions he has given those desiring them, of living in their carnal lusts, thus evading the life of Christ, being consoled by Paul tfiat 'Jesus paid it all!' When the clergy shall leave Paul, and accept the life and living testimony of Jesus, the Christ, as the guide of their lives and testimonies to the people ; then, and not till then will evasion cease, and pure, unadulterated Christianity be preached. Paul, little thought of the mischief he was handing down to future generations, where, in excusing for the time only, some carnal, heathenish Corinthians, he was making the foundations of so many modern churches, where the name of Christ is often heard, but whose life does not mingle in the elements of their constitutions ; that the secret lives of those who are the constituents of these churches, are as far from his life and the life of the master—av_e, farther than the flesh-loving, self-seeking desires of 'foolish Galatians and carnal Corinthians !' Should Jesus come again to-day, would he not rebuke us, for not more strongly rebuking these permissions of Paul, and protesting against the ungodly use of his name?