EDITORIAL NOTES ANIMADVERTORY We have been kindly apprehended, for certain allusions made in our last number, unpleasantly reflecting on the apostle Paul. Our friends need have no fears, that Paul will not be duly respected at this office. We have paid him the highest of compliments, and still do so, when we say, that his life was Christian, his permissions were not, and that he lived much better than he taught. These same friends admit, that Paul did grant unchristian permissions for worldly, fleshly indulgences which Jesus never did, nor would do to-day. They apologize for Paul however, offering as an excuse, the class and character of the people he had to deal with. We admit all of this. We admit Paul thought it best; believed it the only way to build up a church—believed he never would get a church together unless he did so ; yet after all these admissions, we arraign Paul for granting the permissions ; for intimating the futility of good works ; for making faith more necessary than works ; for introducing the doctrine of the atonement, and for various doctrines inimical to the life and gospel of Jesus, the Christ, to which, those loving the pleasures of the world, and not the life of Christ, fly to, as Christian (?) permissions to live unlike Jesus ; and will continue so to do while Paul is reverenced as he is. He is not reverenced by the masses for the life that he lived—for his living testimony—but for the permissions he has given those desiring them, of living in their carnal lusts, thus evading the life of Christ, being consoled by Paul tfiat 'Jesus paid it all!' When the clergy shall leave Paul, and accept the life and living testimony of Jesus, the Christ, as the guide of their lives and testimonies to the people ; then, and not till then will evasion cease, and pure, unadulterated Christianity be preached. Paul, little thought of the mischief he was handing down to future generations, where, in excusing for the time only, some carnal, heathenish Corinthians, he was making the foundations of so many modern churches, where the name of Christ is often heard, but whose life does not mingle in the elements of their constitutions ; that the secret lives of those who are the constituents of these churches, are as far from his life and the life of the master—av_e, farther than the flesh-loving, self-seeking desires of 'foolish Galatians and carnal Corinthians !' Should Jesus come again to-day, would he not rebuke us, for not more strongly rebuking these permissions of Paul, and protesting against the ungodly use of his name? ABRAHAM STANLEY We have received some admonition from some of our friends for the sympathy we extended the above person in Feb. No. 'Tis true, he finally turned most bitterly against Mother Ann ; but not until years after the time there spoken of. Mother Ann loved him ; spoke often of his patient forbearance with her, when he did not know 'why she acted as she did when she was convicted of her sins, and as yet he was not; when she would turn from them, and he was not yet convinced of their being sins; and yet was 'kind, patient and forbearing,' we must repeat, that ufor this period of his life' we feel sorry for, and in sympathy with him. Nor for him alone. Between married partners, one of whom embraced faith in virgin purity while the other did not, it is easy to anticipate many incidents calculated to of7O THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. fend the unbeliever, causing such one to belless kind and patient than was Abraham Stanley, at this period of his life. We are not done with Abraham Stanley ; but did he not act nobly so far ? We presented him, and now hold him up, so far, as a model for husbands with wives, very anxious to be and to live like the Shakers ! OUR HOPES We do not expect to live to any great age ; but we do live in large hopes of hearing, that through the gift of some benevolent person, having no better use for it, the sum of at least ten thousands of dollars has been put out at interest in behalf of The Shaker Manifesto ! We have ever been confident, of living to see this provision made for The Shaker, either in propria personse, or springing from the posthumous relics of some one or ones, who, sitting in the heavens, will thus everlastingly smile on us, or the work being done by our modest Manifesto. Do you think, will it be so? INFIDELITY Let none be surprised at the rapid increase of infidelity in the land. There are so many professedly Christian people, with so very little practical Christianity, that the wonder is, there are not more blatant infidels to indict them. Let it be as plainly as it is reasonably understood, that professions often lie; that he or she is a Christian, who lives as Jesus Christ did ; otherwise every pro- fessedly Christian family is, to be very mild, a school of practical infidelity. Whoso wears the name of Christ, must depart from all iniquity. We hereby give The Voice of Angels notice, that if a spirit said to it, that he was 'the Shaker, Jeremiah Lowe,' he ought to be indicted for perjury. Jeremiah is not dead; and if not as good as he ought to be, is yet very much too good to be so reported. Let those spirits be tried.