FARM and GARDEN Speaking of salt... Speaking of salt, brings to our mind an instance of its beneficial result, when applied to trees. It will be nothing new to old fruit raisers, that Quince trees will bear but little, unless salted annually. Where we now reside, previous to our possession of the place, were two Quinces of good growth; but they had never borne a single specimen previous to our occupation. We surmised the cause, and the first fall applied about a pint of salt to each, scattering it about the tree, on the ground. The result the next season was three fair specimens. The following fall we repeated the experiment, and obtained, for our trouble, a fair yield of good fruit. We have applied salt every year since, and have never failed of a crop. Salt your Quince trees annually by all means; they require it even more than that best of vegetables, asparagus. Kindness in Handling Horses One very bad habit or practice we observe both in the city and in the country is, that of yelling at horses before cart, wagon, omnibus or buggy, with that of suddenly and violently jerking the reins, supplementing it with sharp shrieks of the voice, provided they make any untoward movement—a habit we deem no less reprehensible than detestable, and one that should be at once corrected and abandoned torever. Gentleness and kindness will be found not only the wiser and better, but the more humane and effective course in accomplishing the end desired. Introduction of the Potato Sir Walter proved to be one of the greatest benefactors to his own country, and eventually to the United States, by the introduction of the potato, in the year 1584. The root was first planted on Raleigh's estate at Youghall, which was afterwards sold to the Earl of Cork, and the person who had the management of the estate, mistook the flower or fruit, as he called it, for the valuable part, and on tasting the potato ball pronounced it a pernicious exotic. Sometime afterwards, on turning up the earth, it was discovered that the root had spread largely.and in considerable quantities; and from this source Great Britain's potato supply commenced and then gradually the cultivation was extended through North America. The potato is supposed to have been a native of Mexico.