THE SHAKER MAIIFESTO AN OFFICIAL MONTHLY. G. A. LOMAS Editor. Shakers, N. Y. VOL. VIII.—APRIL. 1878.—No. IV. SHAKER SYSTEM Elder F. W. Evans The first thought arising in my mind upon reading some well written editorials of recent date assuming that the Shaker system, however good, would only reform man by exterminating man, is, what is the Shaker system of ideas and principles? The world in which we live is a large world, containing many nations, each nation many sects and peo- ple. Is it the Shaker idea and faith that all of these should become ascetics— celibates—Shakers? It is not. What, then, is the 'Shaker system' that they, as religionists, would aim to inaugurate ? It is the God system of sowing and reaping the human race. The harvest is the end of the world— and the end of the world is the harvest of mankind. Two distinct and dissimilar operations—two orders—result from the innate inevitable condition of humanity. The civil government of a nation, which, according to Shaker religious faith, should be dual—male and female—to begin with. Woman and man citizens, equal in wants, duties and functions, conjointly making the laws, and unitedly administering them. But, as no two things can exist in one and the same place at the same time— so neither can men and women occupy in two families—the private family and the public family—at one and the same time. The man or woman who has a private family to care for, cannot neglect that duty without being worse than an infidel—to some false theology. They should not, while thus burdened, assume to care for, nor to rule the na- tional family. He or she,.who is married, careth for husband or wife, how to serve and please, and how best to conserve family interests. Let all such stay at home—not for one year, as was the Jewish rule, to 'comfort' wife or husband—but so long as that relation and its duties exist. In short, when a people have progressed beyond a patriarchal family relation, they sliould develop a class of intellectual celibates, who do not marry, individually, but who marry the State, under the natural law of evolution that has hitherto been overlooked, disregarded or ruinously violated. In all governments we have had man with man, working, in governmental relations, what is unseemly and destructive to private and public virtue—pass THE SHAKER MLAJNTZFESTO. ing laws that are not just—class legisla- tion—legal stealing—public sexual immorality—husbands and fathers being away from their proper sphere—the family homestead. Hence result private vice, private divorce, family quarrels, official robbery and public wars. What else could result—will not a tree bring forth its appropriate fruit ? In the God element, in humanity, is the germ of a new earth and new heaven—a new civil government—having no theology, no orthodox war-god, Christ nor chaplain, but righteousness and peace in all the relations of human beings with each other, and with, themselves individually. When society evolves a class of men and women, as now in England, in whom, the Westminster Review declares, that the marrying instinct has died out, these should fill the houses of parlia- ment and the halls of legislation ; these should enact natural laws of righteousness. First, a law relieving ail Avho have private families from public burdens. Second, a law oi citizenship, male and female. Third, a law of property, giving the land of the nation to the people of the nation, and securing its just distribution and possession by land limitation and inalienable homestead laws. Fourth, a law of population, setting forth the physiology of reproduction, its rule of right, with appropriate checks and restrictions, as did Mosaic LaAV— under which marriage was used for offspring only, and children were nursed three years, during which period the 'woman was free.—Clark's Commentaries. Fifth, the law of digestion, or the assimilation of food—the kind, quantity and quality that is scientifically right and best for the individual and the nation. Sixth, the law of arbitration, under which no one should live for himself nor herself, in family, society, nor nation— but each live for all. In each family or society there should be a throne of judgment, unconditionally deferred to by the unit or individual. This would end private feuds and strifes. Seventh, nations when organized upon these principles of righteousness, can recognize a natural law of nations that would be God's justice and right incarnate—a Supreme Court of arbitration— all the nations beginning to be rational by universal disarmament. War creates war ; it begins with warlike preparations. The girl with her doll-baby is learning the rudiments of maternity. The boy with his toy fife, drum and gun, is a germinal warrior. Cease to think war. Learn to think peace, and nothing but peace. Let the decision of parent, the majority of the court of arbitration for nations, be as the fiat of the Almighty—the Persian Medo decree of humanity, that a nation should no more revolt from the decisions of the grand Supreme Court of nations, than the law-abiding Americans revolted from the revolting decision of the United States Supreme Court, that 'the black man has no rights that the white man is bound to respect.' It is the Shaker idea that the whole system of civil government should be so mrely secular and materialistic that no sectarian of any of the world's religions could justly complain of their children jeing taught, in the public schools, any hing but pure science and pure morality. The civil government should claim and exercise the right of educating all children up to fifteen years of age. VQ THE SHAKER MANIFESTO.' 8O I should as thoroughly indoctrinate every American child into the principles of secular American republicanism, as the Roman Catholics indoctrinate their children into the faith and principles of Church and State government. How is it possible for the American Republic to perpetuate itself, if all parents, who choose so to do, exercise the right to educate their children as enemies thereof? * As ignorance of scientific knowledge and morality lays the foundation of criminals, that the State has to take the whole charge of, and bear all the loss to life and property occasioned by their existence, is it unreasonable that it should 'see the evil afar off,' and fore-stall it by national schools, into which all parents should be obligated to place their children, or emigrate to some Church and State country. Laws for the forced collection of debts should be repealed, and all debts become debts of honor. They are generally paid. Let citizens settle their debts and theologies amongst themselves, and the national government keep the peace amongst them while so doing. Thus far, the new earth under the Shaker system. Shall we try it ? Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.