Esteemed Editor : The following simple production came into my hand a few days since... Correspondent Esteemed Editor : The following simple production came into my hand a few days since, and on perusing it I thought it might be of benefit to some of the numerous readers of our Manifesto, and forward to you for insertion if you think proper. SLANDER M. E. Hastings It is not the right of any person to judge the motives, sincerity or insincerity of others, unless divinely appointed, and duly clothed with wisdom, and purity of thought for the mission. Some remarks occasionally uttered by inexperienced persons professing religious culture and sanctity, deserve criticism and censure. They are of this sort: 'People do'nt want religion in these days ; all they aim at, is a plenitude of 'creature comforts'; give them these, and they are satisfied.' Again: 'They couldn't afford to subscribe for a religious paper ; they would rather spend their money for knickknacks and novels.' Such judgings come from an unsanctified condition; none can minister the regenerating gospel from that standpoint ; it is pharisaical, conceited. Other similar inadvertent thrusts might be named, which always inflict pain to our spirit, when we hear, or utter them, and lead us to soliloquize : Is that the way our Mother Ann Lee enforced the living testimony of Jesus Christ with such pregnant results ? Did she deride, slander, backbite, even when reviled ? Never ; her reproofs were from severely in-wrought chastenings ; from a soul bleeding with compassion, suffused with commiseration for other souls ; and though pointed against sin, yet tenderly humane to the sinner. Her God-given accusations were to the sinner direct, rather than in his ab- sence ; and in a way to effect their divine purpose. Her soul felt sorrow for the sinful condition, and sought in humbleness and prayer to remove it. Censure is a dangerous weapon in the hands of a Christian; it should never be used, unless to our own bruising. We may torture our own mean, selfish propensities with perfect impunity,—even to crucifixion ; but stay the battle there; exchange the sword for the plough, with this manner of spirit: 'Here my brother, is some fallow ground which needs breaking up, if you would like, I will aid you in your toil, for I have had some experience in the work, with a good degree of success. We will turn up the soil, and remove the THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 86 weeds, root and top,—every fibre—and cast them into the fire to be burned.' If we will learn to work, wish, and judge, with the love of God for our armor, in humble dependence on divine guidance, we may be assured of more grateful success in our efforts to do good, at home and abroad. Cast off the mantle of haughty conceit ; and pray more earnestly that we may be clothed with the spirit of divine wisdom, charity and love, and thus merit Heaven's kind parental care and ministration, enabling us to work the work of our day and calling, which is grand, beyond ordinary conception, and will assuredly ere long, bring forth glorious results. May we all be workers together with God, and be found worthy reapers with the angels, when they shall move us to 'thrust in the sickle, for the harvest is ripe.'