EDITORIAL NOTES STEADY PROGRESS Mother Ann Lee once prophesied, during a period of some doubt among her followers, that 'souls will flock to your doors by hundreds and by thousands, like doves to their cots!' Regardless of the charge upon us of adulatory adoration for our founder, take a look at her belief and teachings one hundred, and more years ago, and compare them with the present religious growth of the people : 1. She taught Jesus as an exampler, not as an Atonement. How long will it be before Beecher, and 'the rest of mankind' will so believe ? What multitudes have since her day 'flocked' to this idea ! 2. She taught the Resurrection, as a soul work, in, as well as out of the body, in opposition to the mere physical resurrection. What millions have already 'flocked' to this door of escape from error! 3. She taught and practiced, as have her followers ever since, intercommunication between this and the spiritual world ! Since 1848, the number so believing, have 'flocked' to this truth from a few thousands to more than hvelve millions ! 4. Concerning Hell and Heaven, Ann Lee even testified they were conditions, that merited similar associations, here and hereafter ; and was ever pronounced in the truth of a state of probation hereafter—to an unlimited extent. But having stated this much, and viewing the millions now 'flocking to this door,' we will stop for the present, with the re- mark, that we have more 'doors' for more millions 'to flock to,' and the end is not yet! MARRIAGE We have given up all hope of ever being able to set all the people right upon our opinions of marriage. Several letters of recent date have been received at this office, assuring us that we must have very wicked feelings towards this institution, or we would practice it and its injunctions. But such is not the case. We have transcended the sphere where marriage,, reproduction, private property, politics, etc.— are honorable ; and are willing to view these as honorable in their proper sphere, among 'the children of this world.' Being promoted into a higher sphere, needs not cause us to hate the normal rudimentary conditions nor those in them, unless we find them cropping out in ourselves, to the disturbance of the elements of the advanced sphere, among 'the children of the Resurrection'—of Christ, or Christians. In ourselves we may hate to have them ; well knowing that Christians never did, never can practice them ; M^JSTIinESTO. THE SHAKBfJ JVLAJSTIWttSTO. though many calling themselves so, do practice them. Proposing still, and ever, to 'follow' •Christ Jesus, we mean to do with marriage, etc. just as he did with them— let them alone ; leave them with 'the •childreu of the world,' until they get soul-sick of such practices ; yet all the while, loving their souls, and desiring for them, even as for ourselves, an equal resurrection into the advanced, higher, holier life-practices of Jesus, the Christ. BRO. JAMES M. PEEBLES. Our spiritualistic brethren, may or may not thank us, for proposing an organization of Spiritualists under the leadership of Bro J. M. Peebles, a modern, and very superior Paul! We see very many beautiful spirits in the body, casting about for a line, while drifting unpleasantly and unwillingly towards Utopia. Bro. Peebles holds just the line, which we think the millions of spiritually minded, would be most happy to attach their barques unto ; and we are confident that by a strong attachment thereto, they will ever after acknowledge that their 'lines have fallen in pleasant places,' and find themselves being towed directly and expeditiously into conditions most desirable. Rev. Bro. Dr. Elder Peebles, we lay our hands, in imposition upon you ! We anxiously await the effects of the motion upon our friendly cotemporaries, The Banner of Light, The It. P. Journal, Voice of Truth, Spiritual Scientist, Voice of Angels, etc. CREDIT TO 'WHOM CREDIT IS DUE When we think there is no,t one minister of tiie Jonathan Edwards' school, that preaches theology just as severely as he did ; no Presbyterian who is a complete copyist of Calvin; that Luther could find no perfect imitator to-day, and that the entire religious world is much more liberal now than ever before ; so much so, that there is scarcely one who preaches to-day, but would have forfeited his life 150 years ago ; then can we well afford to render to Thomas Paine some credit, for it is surely due. His crimes were a disbelief in the Bible as a revelation from God—plenarily inspired; and he denied the divinity of Jesus. Yet he said : 'The world is my home ; to do good is my religion ;' 'No man should make a living by preach- ing;' 'One good school-master is worth more than a hundred priests!' He abjured shedding blood ; and hated any god that commanded it. His opinion of Jesus was 'that he was a sincere man ; that the morality which he practiced, was of the most lofty and pure character, and that he had never been exceeded by any mortal man!' Again: 'Any system of religion that has anything in it, that shocks the mind of a child, is not a true system.' If Paine lived to-day, he would not be looked upon, as we have been taught to think of his memory. Upon the points of the Bible's plenary inspiration ; doing good being true religion ; preaching for hire ; the divinity of Jesus ; his testimony against war; his opinion of Jesus, as far as he expressed it, the Shaker system is at one with Paine. Yet these were his prominent 'faults in the eyes of the world !