The Heaven and Hell of Universalists It will be interesting to many, to know that Shaker doctrines concerning Heaven and hell are at one with that of the Universalists; however different our methods of arriving at these conditions. The following extracts, are from a sermon of Rev. James Gorton. They illustrate the subjects well. We believe in heaven. We may be somewhat divided in opinion as to whether heaven is any particular place in the universe fitted up as an abode for the just and holy after they have left this world. We make no objection to that idea of heaven, but that would be a very incomplete idea with us. To us holiness is heaven; and no place, however beautiful, no condition of external comfort and grandeur, could be heaven without purity of life, holiness of character. The good may go to heaven, but they can never go to heaven till heaven has first come to them as an inward life of purity and righteousness. So Christ represents heaven as within the soul—'Behold, the kingdom of God is within you.' 'The kingdom of God is righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Spirit.' He does not teach us to pray, 'Lord, permit us to go to thy kingdom when we die,' but to pray, 'Thy kingdom come, and thy will be done, on earth.' To go to heaven in sin would be impossible, absurd, a contradiction in terms, just as much so as to be dead and alive at the same time. To be saved in sin is not merely impossible, but absurd and a contradiction. Salvation is deliverance from sin. Whenever we ar« delivered, from the love and practice of holiness, we are saved, whether in this world or the next. X7 THE SHAKEE M-AJNTEF'JSSTO. 88 Going to a local heaven in a future life is not salvation. We believe in hell—not in a local hell in a future world where the wicked are herded together and 'tormented to all eternity. Sin makes hell. Wherever sin is, in this world or in any other, there is hell. Hell is the opposite of heaven, and is a condition of interior life, a state of character, rather than a place. Hell is in the soul that lives in sin, and is defiled with hate, impurity, injustice and unrighteousness. Hell is in such a soul just as much here as hereafter. Hell is that degradation and dishonor, that shame and misery which sin produces in every soul that harbors it. We never can go to hell only just as we take hell along with us. There is really no other hell than the hell of sin in the soul, and in the life. The real heaven and the real hell are opposite states of life— are internal conditions of the soul—not anything that is outward, local and material. A state of holiness is heaven; a state of sin is hell. Holiness satisfies the spiritual nature; —brings peace, honor, felicity. Sin gives dissatisfaction to the spiritual nature ; brings unrest, dishonor, misery. To be holy now is to enter heaven now, or, better still, is to permit heaven to enter you now, with all its beauty, peace and gladness. And just the contrary is true in respect to what we call hell.