INDIANS NO. 3 JAMES S. PRESCOTT The question may be asked what have we to do with the Indians ? Answer : Nothing, at present; but we have had much to do with them in the past, mostly in a disembodied state, and it would not be strange if we should have something to do with them in the future. The spiritual work of God on the earth s unlimited. It extends^o 'all nations, THE SHAKER kindreds, tongues, tribes, and people,' -and the Indians are included. 'The field is the world—the reapers are the angels'—including all, who are living angel lives while in the form. 'Ye are called in relation to all the rest of mankind. This gospel will be freely offered to all souls. The time will come when souls will embrace it by hun- dreds and by thousands !' Such was Mother Ann's prophecy. In the progress of the work it will be said, 'Lift up jour eyes and look on the fields, for they are white unto the harvest.' A moral evolution has to go before to prepare the way for a more radical testimony which is to follow, and that work has already commenced. We have evidence to believe that the Indians live more in accordance with the laws of na- ture, in the reproduction of their race than do those of civilized nations. This being true it is easy to account why it is that the Indians, are among the first to embrace the gospel in the spirit world, and become powerful auxiliaries and ministering spirits sent forth to minister to those who shall be 'heirs of salvation.' In my opinion, a redeemed Indian is as lovely in the sight of God and holy angels, as a redeemed white man. 'God is no respecter of persons ; but in «very nation, he that feareth him and worketh righteousness is accepted with him.' I once heard an educated Indian preach in the first Presbyterian Church in Hartford, Conn. On entering the church I saw two men in the pulpit who appeared so much alike in their costumes .and entire physical organizations, that it was difficult to tell, which was the Indian and which was Dr. Hawes the pastor of the church. But soon the way being opened, the Indian arose and 'spoke his piece,' and it was a masterly effort, an eloquent appeal in behalf of his much abused and down-trodden race. Closing with these words : ' 'And my country-men, who were the original proprietors of America?' Ever since that time, 1823, my sym- pathies have been with the Indians. I have never since doubted the ability of the Indian to plead his own cause and vindicate his own rights if he had an equal chance with the white man, and his surroundings were the same, any more than I have of the ability of an educated African, pleading his rights in Congress to-day. My mind has never changed with regard to the injustice and the advantage taken by the white man over the ignorance and simplicity of the red man of the forest. No matter how many bad stories might be told and circulated against the Indians by the more artful and cunning white man, and border ruffians, who, in nine cases out of ten have been the aggressors. It is an impossibility for the Indians ever to have justice done them, so long as their testimony is not allowed in our civil courts. We are told by an ex-congress man who keeps himself well informed in government affairs at Washington, that there are more applications for the Indian Agency, than for any other in the civil Departments ! Why is this ? The reason is obvious. They want to continue the old game of swindling the poor Indians out of the last dollar of money appropriated to them annually by the U. 8. Government. And they are not willing to give it up, so long as they can keep the Indian testimony suppressed, M^NTEF-ZESTO. S3 THE SHAKER and get border ruffians to swear to a lie. But, it is said too that Secretary Schurz is determined upon a reform. We hope he is, and that he will 'not let one guilty man escape.' This growing iniquity has become a national sm, almost equal in magnitude to what African slavery was before the emancipation act took place. And we protest against it with equal abhorrence. We learn from official reports, the following facts, wThich we herewith extract verbatim: 'The shameful fact, that of all the appropriations made by Congress for their benefit, but a small part ever reaches them.' 'No nation is more sensitive to the claims and obligations of justice than our own; and we are sure that Avhen the true history of Indian's wrongs are laid before our countrymen, their united voice will demand that the honor and interests of the nation shall no longer be sacrificed to the insatiable lust and avarice of unscrupulous men.' Signed by more than twenty distinguished men in New York city, in their petition to Congress in behalf of the Indians in 1868. See Report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. Page 96. 1869. North Union, 0.