IS IT CONSISTENT AND RIGHT FOR CHRISTIANS TO FIGHT? To the Editor of the Cape Town Daily News. South Africa. snt,—I believe it is no more true that the freedom of the press is the legitimate out- come of liberal governments than it is that there is a general understanding among English-speaking people that editors are not to be held responsible for the theories of their correspondents. Whenever the reasonableness of this position is conceded, the way is open for the widest diversity of opinions and for the agitation of thought which is the beginning of wisdom. But to the matter in hand. Since H. M. Stanley, the brave, intrepid explorer, announces himself the hero of thirty recent battles in Central Africa; since there is raging at the present time a terrible Turko-Kussian war; and since there is an incessant wartalk in certain South African journals, relating to the settling of frontier difficulties, it seems opportune to ask, if a Christian, as a Christian, can fight? And is war, involving enmity, pillage, and the destruction of human lives, in keeping with the letter and spirit of Christianity, as enunciated and lived by Jesus Christ? It will not be denied by the student of history that during the first three hundred years after Christ, an Israelite or a Pagan Soldier embracing Christianity, refused to fight. If pressed by the Government to enlist, his ready reply was 'no.' I have enlisted under the banner and am a follower of the Prince of Peace. I cannot consistently fight; and can- not because I believe in Him who said, 'My Kingdom is not of this World, if it were, then would my servants fight.' 'We Christians are superior in this,' said St. Jerome, 'We do not fight with our enemies.' The good St. Martin exclaimed: 'I am a Soldier of Jesus Christ, and therefore, I do not fight.' Charles Sumner, the noblest of our United States Senators said in the Congressional Session of 1849, 'War is a damnable profes- sion—a trade of barbarism!' It is expected that barbarians—that the wild animals of the forest—will fight, because THE SHAKER they are animals. And the nearer that tribes and nations approach the selfish animal planes of existence, the more do they thirst for blood. All wars are anti-Christian. Jesus Christ subdued by love, and He was our exemplar. Fighting is infectious breeding more fights. The sectarian soldier that fights, is as brave as a dog. Few men are morally brave enough, and Christly enough, to run before they will fight. Having recently travelled through Northern Ceylon, meeting and conversing daily with Buddhist priests, I can assure you that the selfish tendencies, the drinking habits, and the war practices, of Christian nations in the Occident, present the greatest obstacles to the conversion of Buddhists to the pure and divine teachings of Jesus Christ. These socalled heathen despise hypocrisy. And hence they say—why do you preach of the Prince of Peace—why do you, oh Western Christians, profess love, charity, and forgiveness, and yet, come into our midst with sword and rifle? It is becoming more and more a fixed conviction, that since the reign of the Emperor Constantine, Christian nations have been no more honest, temperate, and peaceful, than have the 'heathen' nations of the East. Do not the heathen know, and do'not we remember that 2,000,000 of lives were sacrificed during the ten crusades—called 'The Holy Wars ?' Do we not know that Catholics and Protestants persecuted and killed each other in the past, declaring that the 'interests of the Church' required it? And have we not read of St. Bartholomew's eve, of the massacre of the Albigenses, and the atrocious persecutions and murders of Jews by Christians, from the beginning of the 11th to the middle of the 16th century? When the Abbot of Citeaux, on the sacking and destruction of Beziers was inquired of, how they could distinguish between the heretics and the faithful —'kill them all'— 'kill them all,' was the answer; 'God will know his own !' During the late Civil War in America over the Slavery question, there were six hundred battles fought and more than 500,000 maimed for life or killed. The professed ministers of Him who said-'blessed are the peacemakers' —preached in favour of war, and prayed for victories. Bishop Polk, of Louisiana, laid aside robe, prayer-book, bible, and led one wing of the Southern Army into the battlefield. General T. W. Jackson—called 'Stonewall Jackson'—maintained morning and evening prayers during all his campaigns. His negro servant boy used to frequently say, 'There's goen to be a big fight to-day, sartin —Masser's been prayin for two hours.' The Rev. Mr. Miller, commanding a battery in General Jackson's Corps, had his church-bells melted down into cannon-balls, when the ordnance stores were low, to shoot down the 'Northern Yankees, bent on the overthrowing of slavery.' The only people in America, that as individuals and bodies, refused to engage in that fratricidal war were the Shakers. They have about seventy communities, and count their numbers by thousands. Their leading principles are purity of life, peace, and 'all things in common' in imitation of the early Apostolic Church. The cost of standing armies in Christian nations is absolutely enormous. The annual expense of the war system in Europe, including the interest on the war debt, ' 'far exceeds,' say the statistics, 'five hundred millions of pounds.' The hard times—the late strikes and mobs in America, are but the lean harvest sheaves of our late civil war. There were 88,500 lives sacrificed upon the war-altar during the Franco-German war. And the Emperor William, informing Augusta of the latest victory, and devoutly thanking God, therefore, gave rise to the following inelegant lines :— 'Ten thousand Frenchmen sent below, Praise God from whom all blessings flow.' But says one,—'How shall we do away with war?' I answer: Become true and practical followers of Jesus Christ; arbitrate in the spirit of confidence and charity; teach your children to overcome evil with good; oppose military schools and standing armies; refuse to go into battle-fields to fight; and cease to praise and glorify officers and military chieftains. If Jesus of Nazereth,with bared head, sandaled feet, and coarse Oriental costume, should come personally to Cape Town, to how many could he point and say, as of old, —' Ye are not of the world, even as I am VL^JSrrF-KlSTO. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 9O not of the world?' And should he commence preaching, as he did nearly 2,000 years since:— 'Woe unto you ye blind guides. * * Woe unto you scribes, pharisees, hypocrites ! for ye compass sea and land to make one prose- lyte ; and when he is made, ye make him two-fold more the child of hell than yourselves.'—Matt. 23 : 15. 'Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon the earth, * * * but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven.'—Matt, vi: 19, 20. 'Verily I say unto you * * a rich man shall hardly enter into the kingdom of heaven.'—Matt. 19: 23. 'If any man serve me, let him follow me.' —John 12: 26. 'Whosoever he be of you that forsaketh not all that he hath, he cannot be my disciple. * * * By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one for another.'—Luke 14 : 33. I repeat, should the gentle Nazarene ap- pear bodily in this flourishing city to teach his radical doctrines, and to accompany them by 'laying hands on the sick and healing them;' by making the 'lame to walk and the deaf to hear,' and by again 'discerning Spirits' as he discerned and talked with the Spirits of Moses and Elias upon the mountain of transfiguration; he could not obtain entrance into any Church or Chapel in Cape Town. But forsooth; He, Mr. Stanley comes with the echoing jingle of beer-bottles, and the low far off wail of widows and orphans, resulting from thirty battles, and he is feasted—lionized by the people—and nearly canonized by the Church! Such is the status of our civilization—such is the nineteenth century Christianity! Is there no need of Spiritualism? No necessity for the Spiritualizing of our humanity, and the quickening of the conscience of Christendom? True, H. M. Stanley justifies his conduct, because acting in the interests of geographical discoveries, and so James Mace, the prizepugilist of the world, exhibits his championbelt, boasts of having pommelled and disfigured a goodly number of human faces—and pleads justification that he is acting in the interests of muscle-culture and the 'manly art of self-defense.' Love, charity, and goodwill to men have so yielded to the struggle for existence, that men seemed to have renounced their higher natures, and ranged themselves on the side of the carnivora, and, like them, rend and devour their prey. The coming man will eat no meat. Pride, pleasure, sporting, pugilism, and war are so popular with the masses of today, and apostacy from the Christ of the Gospels, and the simplicity of the Apostolic Church, so nearly universal, that one is inclined to think we might quite as well expect to boil water with Nova Zembla snow-balls, as to hope or expect that the fashionable, policy-trimming, money-getting, pleasureseeking, wine-drinking, fighting Christiana of the nineteenth century, can ever transform our poor erring humanity into the likeness of Christ. Tennyson full of faith sweetly sings :— 'Ring out the darkness of the land, Ring in the Christ that is to be.' The end of creeds, that cramp the soul's higher aspirations, and of fossilized formalisms that sap faith and blight naturally religious natures, is at hand. The seventh angel has sounded; the fig-tree has put forth its tender buds ; and He who said 'behold I make allthings new,' is already in the clouds of Heaven with His holy angels and minis- tering spirits. J. M. Peebles