SHOULD ALL BE SHAKERS? No question is more frequently asked by the caviling, than : 'If all should be Shakers, what then?' This question has been the foundation and cap-stone of nearly all the arguments in opposition to our faith; because the only reasonable conclusion and answer thereto, is the answer that 'the world would run out.'' To relieve the plaints of those who admire our faith from a distance, fearing it is the way, the truth, and the Christian life, we are led to the following question : Should all be Shalcers ? We answer. They should not be, not only, but that they cannot be! Proceed we now to state who should not be Shakers : Those who believe that to pattern Jesus, the Christ, in our present lives, is like 'feeding on skimmed milk,' while all 'the butter' is in the carnal indulgences of the flesh. Those, who cannot see, that through the self-denials of the Shaker, the cream and butter of life are secured and enjoyed. Those who cannot feel that our threshings and winnowings, separate the good grain, leaving it to us, while blowing the useless out of our way of progress. Those should not be Shakers, who believe it better to people the earth, with good or bad posterity, than to populate the heavens, and similar heavens on earth, with characters patterned after Jesus' life. Those who believe and realize more pleasure in self-indulgences than in self-denials, are yet too low, to hear our gospel trumpet blow. None should attempt the life of a Shaker who is satisfied that he needs not confess and forsake his sins; or who relies upon Jesus to pay the debt for him. Who is not yet convinced, that there is more heaven in Christian celibacy, than in the civil institutions of marriage, must be excused; also those who admire husbands and wives, more than they do 'brethren and sisters in Christ.' As Jesus, the Christ, was a virgin celibate, so those who will not, or cannot be such, cannot be a Christian Shaker. Just so to those clinging to or longing after husband, wife, children, houses, lands, private property of any kind, or living as selfishly as possible without these, such cannot be Shakers. Those who love wars, contentions and the policies and politics of the world, better than they do the peace, and seclusion found in Christ's life, need not apply. Those who have, and do 'make gods of their bellies,' (see Phil. 3 : 19.) or who are not yet resurrected above the mere worship of 'the seven-loaves-and-two-fish' principles —wanting the good of this life without a willingness to earn it; and those who love themselves better than they do unselfish loves, must fail in the attempt at being Shakers, and are warned therefrom. True, we have excluded, excused, denied and warned nearly every one from being a Shaker! Then this should relieve us from the charge of bigotry and unreasonable expectations. We believe Shakerism to be God's work with mankind; and that God will gather to it those who want to be saved, from what Shakerism saves ; none others. None will ever be forced into Shakerism against their convictions of what is right, or what is happiness. The 'whosoever will' is as active today as ever in the past; while 'you must believe or be damned,' finds no more criers in genuine, Shaker hearts, than were exhaled from the original Christ. One thing we have proved : Souls will ripen unto the harvest of Jesus, the Christ; and by the spirit of his testimony be 'cut off from earthly' practices, and be resurrected into the life of Christ. These may be few or many, but such there will be in this life, such there are now. Such there are, who, like berries have ripened unto the plucking, from lives of generative lusts, into just such a resurrection as Jesus lived in; who, sick of the unspirituality of the world's good and bad, seek relief from all that constitutes it. Thus have many changed soul and body into the glorious resurrection of the Christ; and through Shaker Christianity, realized truly, what the lifeblood of the Lamb can do. Such can be, should be Shakers. We would not disparage any from the attempt to be a Shaker. But a good Shaker will bear a full cross ; and by 93 93 THE SHAKER such only can the gospel be sustained in its genuine purity, and by such will its godly aims be prosecuted. Only those can be Shakers whom the spirit of God calls upon so to be. Such will know, their time to be a Shaker has come. Let such be faithful to their consciences and to God. Should all be Shakers? Nay; only such as can and will bear the Shaker's cross. Can all bear it who are willing to do so? Where there is a will strong enough, there is always power enough accompanying Each shall get their pay according to the degree of self-denial they exercise. If any one asks : 'Should I be a Shaker?' We answer : certainly, if you are 'able.'