For the Children Will you bear the Cultivation? My Dear Children :—Do you know how many anxious friends are continually watching for a growth of beautiful virtues in your little gardens ? Well, it is so. Your parents, guardians and teachers, seek to protect you from many evils, which you cannot now see, but which experience has revealed to them. The discipline and reproof which you sometimes meet so unpleasantly, is but a manifestation of their love and interest in your present and future welfare. Did you ever see a vine laden with full clusters of rich grapes ? I will tell you the process of culture. The gardener desires some fine fruit; he selects those branches which he knows will produce the best, and cuts off all others, knowing that they will take the nourishment from the good branch; then he trains them on a trellis in such a manner, as togive them plenty of sunshine and space for growth. 95 THE! 8HAKEE M-AJSTHPIESTO. After this, while they are growing, he often repeats the process of nipping off the little useless branches which keep shooting out here and there, which would take away the strength from the others, and cause the fruit to be inferior. Now what I wish to say is this : The natural habits of youth are like the uncultured vine, and the gardeners who wish some nice fruit, represent your teachers and guardians, who, by good counsel, in a great many ways, nip off the bad habits, and wrong inclinations, that the sunshine of truth, and the pure air of heaven may give growth and expansion to the best feelings of your heart. The process of pruning away the evils, is often painful to the careless, who do not fully know its meaning ; but let me tell you, without it, you would be like the worthless, uncultured vine; you might produce some fruit, but so inferior and sour, as to be undesired. Remember this always, and aim to become like some good Christian friend whom you love. Strive to be refined in your manners, and chaste in all your language. Make some particular resolve every morning on rising, and pray for strength to live it through the day ; then be very careful. If you follow this course, I am sure you will succeed, and be surprised to see how fast you improve. Remember also, that your future happiness and usefulness depend upon the good principles you now cultivate. Canterbury, N. H. To keep back part of the truth may not always be wrong... To keep back part of the truth may not always be wrong, since it is not everybody's business to know everything. But to keep back part of the truth with an intention to deceive, is falsehood, quite as much as an out-spoken lie.