ANN LEE Her Work, her People, and their Critics Third Paper. All things being ready, as many as were able, paid their passage money at Liverpool, and embarked May 19. 1774, on the ship Mariah, bound for New York. Besides Mother Ann, there were eight others—nine in all— William Lee, James Whittaker, John Hocknell, Mary Partington, Abraham Stanley, Richard Hocknell, James Shepard and Nancy Lee—a niece of Mother Ann's. It is with curious feelings pervading us, that we go back in imagination to witness the partings of this company, from those to whom they had become bound by more than the common ties of consanguinity. Parting from necessity, because they could not live in England as purely as did Jesus in Judea, and as purely as they were determined to do or die; leaving, per force of circumstances, those too decrepit and poor to go with them, however strongly desirous they were to do so—the Mother was to leave some helpless children, who were doomed to suffer for more than merely the want of a Mother's presence. The testimony ceased in England; and 'tis piteous to know, that during the same summer James and Jane Wardley removed to the alms-house and died there shortly afterward! The others mostly fell back into the common course of life after the manner of the world. The ship Mariah, had been condemned as unseaworthy, and proved on this voyage, said to have been her last, to have been so weak, that during a storm a plank started, and she nearly foundered. During the storm, this company were having one of their meetings, which the captain had previously forbidden them to engage in on the ship, threatening to throw them overboard if they continued to hold them. It is positively asserted, that the captain was about putting his threat into execution, when the ship sprung so badly aleak. Thus was the leak considered providential, even as was the replacement of the plank, by the stroka of a wave after the captain had declared they must all be lost, and after Mother Ann had said : 'Fear not, captain, chere shall not a hair of our heads perish, but we shall all arrive safely in America !' The captain, afterwards declared to others than the Shakers, that 'had not that people been on board of his ship, she never would have reached land again !' No further remonstrance to their worship was made; and regardless of their violent exercises, and unusual noises of singing, shouting, shaking, etc., so little understood by the poor, annoyed captain and crew, they were looked upon by these, with reverential awe, during the balance of the voyage. They landed in New York on the 6th of August, the same year, the recurrence of which day is still cherished in happy reflections of our people, as 'Hail, the blessed sixth of August— 'Hail, the day, and hail the year— 'When the messengers of Jesus, 'With the gospel did appear!' THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. After landing, they passed up Pearl St. in a body; and seeing a woman standing in a doorway, Mother Ann told her that they had been 'sent to America to preach the everlasting gospel!' and to the surprise of Mother and her company, the woman stated that having been warned in a visionary dream to pre- pare for them, she had done so and bid them in, and cared for them until they found employment. Such incidents, under such distressed circumstances, of strangers in a strange land, without friends or means, are looked upon by us to this day as 'providences' special or otherwise. Finding employment, they were getting on well, when Abraham Stanley was taken dangerously sick, causing Mother to leave her occupation to attend solely to his care and cure. Having but'little means of her own, and John Hocknell, upon whose assistance they had almost constantly relied, having returned to England to bring his family to America, she suffered the direst poverty, while rendering the utmost care and kindness to the apparently dying man. But, at length, Abraham became convalescent ; and before being able to return to his occupation, resorted to houses of bad resort and ill fame, turning against his faith, and in most ungodly and violent opposition to Ann, his former wife and benefactress. While expressing herself ready, as ever, to do anything for him which justice, reason or humanity required, she would never consent to live a worldly life with'him again, to thus violate her known duty to God, by coming down from the cross upon which she had been crucified—to the death of her worldly, fleshly life. After the worst possible abuse and contumely towards Ann, Abraham left her, to resort with a lewd woman; and thus ended their relations. For this period of Stanley's life, we hold him in utter contempt. Convinced as he was of the motive power of Ann's testimony; having embraced it, and 'tasted of the powers of the world to come' by obedience to it; having been nursed in sickness, saved from death, and worse than death by his whilom partner; conscious of her high and superior calling, and having nought to complain of, but her unwillingness to descend from her angelhood, to be the merely animal woman again, Stanley has our unmitigated willingness that he should receive his just deserts as he undoubtedly did ! Sic semper brutalis. In September, 1775, the faithful remnant of this little company, now numbering only five persons, passed through Albany, to the section known then as Mskayuna, settling on a spot previously purchased by John Hocknell, where we will find them in our next paper. (continued.)