Editorial Notes We are using a number of The Bickford Knitting Machines We are using a number of The Bickford Knitting Machines; and they are very satisfactory indeed, Being among 'the wonders in this age' of machinery, their utility and expedition in business should be expe- rienced by all, at so small cost. Material for Fences of loood variety is getting scarce. We must soon accept the alternative of no fences, or rely on the metal ones offered us by Washburn, Moen Co. Please read advertisement of Wasson and Martin several times. They form an enterprising and reliable firm. A Useful Apparatus : JohnBunyan said, that 'an idle boy's or girl's head was the devil's workshop.' Get them the 'Keystone Self-Inker' with complement of type. See Adv. Oftentimes, we are led to regret, that there are unscrupulous persons, who, realizing the solid benefits of judicious advertising, will use it most freely on some useless or worse than useless articles, and soon retire with fortunes of ill-earned gains. But we can still point to thousands who by a wholesome judicious judgment, have used advertising to their exceedingprofit ! and to the most creditable advancement of useful materials. Such, we believe our patrons to be. We have taken considerable and particular pains to acquaint ourself with Dr. Frazier's remedies, and find from those using them, only a good report. His Bit- ters are purely medicinal, and not an intoxicant beverage. Elder James S. Prescott gives his endorsement of Dr. Frazier's Cough Remedy—and he is good authority. . ' For thirty years, Mix, the jeweler and watchmaker, has stood high in the estimation of honest people in these parts. Perry and Robinson's Adv. might have included the famous Ovoid Beet, now being so largely sown for stock feeding. We find Stinson and Co. very honorable in their dealing. Try them. None will regret wearing Boots and Shoes from Schuster's shop. Send in your measure, please. Can we make the Wheeler and Wilson Sewing Machine more famous than it is? It is doubtful. E. C. Koonz's Adv. is a very modest showing, for such extensive and beautiful emporiums for Carpets and Oil Cloths. We hope parties the world over, will send their patronage to this house. We hope 'everybody and his neighbor' will send us six cents for a copy of 'Plain Talks;' or ten cents, for two copies post paid. It is a pretty book. Please procure it and present it to your friend. Look out for The Buckeye Mower! It is coming; and we give this timely notice. For months, we have been witness of the workings of Coolet's Creamer, and we know of many who endorse what we have inserted as their advertisement. We are confident dairy people will inquire into the arrangement, and send for Circulars. It will pay to do The U. S. Piano Co. enter a challenge to other manufacturers and salesmen. We mean to make ourselves more acquainted with their instruments. People will have Pianos, and they will look where to get them, ia The Shaker Manifesto. Every farmer will yet be his own Miller ; grindingout his 'religious bread' as Elder F. W. Evans would say; then they will send for one of Sedgebeer's 'Non- pareil.' Send for a circular now. We are at a loss to speak as yet, of the best Water Wheel ; but we are at no loss to say that the firms of Leffel &amp; Co. and N. F. Burnham, who enter into friendly competition in our columns, are both most honorable. By reference to our Bro. Philip Smith's advertisement, it will be seen that Farmers, Gardeners, Amateurs, and 'the rest of mankind' can get genuine Shak- er Garden Seeds by mail, at the very lowest cash prices. Try the seeds, coming immediately from the grower; it will pay you. The lion. Clute Bros, of Schenectady, N. Y. present most excellent encouragements for parties wishing Engines, Boilers, etc. We know, also, of the 'Clute Plough' being the best plough yet created, for all kinds of cross ploughing. MODESTY Many persons seem to think that modestyconsists in retirement of manners, or assumed bashfulness when in company. But no person can be truly modest without pure thoughts, pure imaginations, and pure conversations. Let the would-be modest cultivate these virt- ues both in public and in private life.