For the Children Will you bear the Cultivation? My Dear Children :—Do you know how many anxious friends are continually watching for a growth of beautiful virtues in your little gardens ? Well, it is so. Your parents, guardians and teachers, seek to protect you from many evils, which you cannot now see, but which experience has revealed to them. The discipline and reproof which you sometimes meet so unpleasantly, is but a manifestation of their love and interest in your present and future welfare. Did you ever see a vine laden with full clusters of rich grapes ? I will tell you the process of culture. The gardener desires some fine fruit; he selects those branches which he knows will produce the best, and cuts off all others, knowing that they will take the nourishment from the good branch; then he trains them on a trellis in such a manner, as togive them plenty of sunshine and space for growth. 95 THE! 8HAKEE M-AJSTHPIESTO. After this, while they are growing, he often repeats the process of nipping off the little useless branches which keep shooting out here and there, which would take away the strength from the others, and cause the fruit to be inferior. Now what I wish to say is this : The natural habits of youth are like the uncultured vine, and the gardeners who wish some nice fruit, represent your teachers and guardians, who, by good counsel, in a great many ways, nip off the bad habits, and wrong inclinations, that the sunshine of truth, and the pure air of heaven may give growth and expansion to the best feelings of your heart. The process of pruning away the evils, is often painful to the careless, who do not fully know its meaning ; but let me tell you, without it, you would be like the worthless, uncultured vine; you might produce some fruit, but so inferior and sour, as to be undesired. Remember this always, and aim to become like some good Christian friend whom you love. Strive to be refined in your manners, and chaste in all your language. Make some particular resolve every morning on rising, and pray for strength to live it through the day ; then be very careful. If you follow this course, I am sure you will succeed, and be surprised to see how fast you improve. Remember also, that your future happiness and usefulness depend upon the good principles you now cultivate. Canterbury, N. H. To keep back part of the truth may not always be wrong... To keep back part of the truth may not always be wrong, since it is not everybody's business to know everything. But to keep back part of the truth with an intention to deceive, is falsehood, quite as much as an out-spoken lie. QUONDAM SAILOR CHAP. III WILLIAM G. LIBBBY After arising from our bed of leaves we continued our walk along the shore to the eastward, our ship being in plain sight all the time, lying off and on. We never saw the boats after we left them ; yet we think they came ashore the day following our landing, and that our shipmates had a good time searching for us. I have never seen any of that ship's company since we left them enjoying tropical scenery, on the pretty beach where we first landed. As we traveled along, we found the shore very rough, where the pieces of coral, weighing from one to twenty pounds, had been thrown up by the waves, into very irregular heaps. The slabs of coral being mostly flat, and lying loosely upon each other, made it very difficult to walk over them; then there were small indentations, forming nice little bays very pretty to look at, but forcing us to make long detours in our line of march along the shore. In one of these bays we saw the carcasses of a number of porpoise, which had been driven over the reef into shoal water, where they had died for want of sea room; at least, this was our conclusion from what we knew of their habits. We have often helped catch a porpoise during our night watch on a whale ship, and as we passed those in the little bay, we remarked that our prospect for oil when we should become settled in our new home, was good. Although a part of the shore of the island is like that we have described, it is not all so rough, as we found to our great comfort; for about the middle of the day we came to a beautiful beach of fine, white, coral sand, which we should judge was more than a mile in length. Although familiar with tropical scenery of great beauty, yet I do not recollect of any place that has left such a lasting impression upon my mind, as that coral beach, fringed on its inner edge with pepperplant, and a forest of cocoa-nut trees in the back ground. 96 97 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Among these trees we remained a short time to refresh ourselves on the nuts, which was the only food we ate during onr first day's stay on the island. We could have obtained some fish, but were afraid to make a fire to cook them, as the smoke could have been seen on board the ship, and might be the means of drawing us into unpleasant proximity with our former shipmates. We continued our walk along the beach to the eastward, and crossed over to the inner, or lagoon shore, and coming to a very secluded creek or cove, that was mostly surrounded by trees, we ventured to make a fire, and from this night we may date the commencement of our island life. We were now in full possession of the island, with powers equal to Alexander Selkirk, on Juan Fernandes, as described by the poet Cowper, in his beautiful poem on the Scotch sailor's lonely island life; as with S elkirk, so with us, there were none to dispute our right to authority, and as we had no political ax to grind, we agreed very well in the government of ourselves and the seabirds. We built ourselves a better shelter than on the previous night, made a good bed of palm leaves, and then went about preparing our supper. We caught some eels—Congo eels I have heard them called—they seemed but little different from a snake, for when hard pressed in the water they would take to the land rery readily, and escape in the bushes. We had not learned all of their habits when we made our first hearty meal of them, and were too hungry the second evening, to be very fastidious. We had a good feast that night, using a piece of the petiole, or leaf stalk of the cocoa-nut palm, to roast our fish with, there being no small sticks growing on the island ¦where we then were, suitable for the purpose. We pointed the smaller end, and inserting it into the fish, held it to the fire, until sufficiently roasted. Not having the burden of table setting, being without cooking utensils,—if we except the petiole—our manner of dining was very primitive; we simply roasted and ate, not waiting to cook enough for a full meal, but sitting by the fire, each with a long piece of the leaf stalk, roasting and eating until satisfied, which was not very quickly done I assure you. As our cooking process was very slow, and our appetites keen at our first feast, I think it was near midnight before we went to sleep, and then we did not sleep long at a time, but arose several times before morning to replenish our fire, not to supply warmth merely, but for the light, which gave to the tall palms a weird look, very pleasant to the eye, and also that we might cook our breakfast; for depending as we did upon our sun-glass, if our fire had gone out in the night, it would have been eight or nine o'clock before the sun would have been high enough to light our fire from its rays. On the morning after the feast described, we ate breakfast of cocoa-nuts and fish, and then started on our return to the mouth of the lagoon. It took us until late in the afternoon to reach the beach where we first landed. We found nothing to mark the visit of our boats to the island, except the remains of a fire some of the men had kindled in the dry palm leaves, which had burned over about an acre. There were two old huts near where we first came ashore; in one of these we slept during our stay on the east side of the tidal passage. We walked out to the seaside where we could have a clear view of the great rolling Pacific; and as we gazed on its vast surface, a feeling of sadness came over us, as we thought of our lonely condition. We could not then see how we could obtain food sufficient to sustain us in good health, for the fish would not bite, hence we had no fish that night for supper, and retired to rest feeling rather gloomy. But we had no fears after the first evening, for the next morning when we came back to where we left the boats, the tide was out and ,ve found plenty of small fish in the crevices of the coral, where they had been left when the tide ebbed. We soon caught enough with our hands for breakfast, without the aid of our fishing tackle. We did not stay but a few days at the place where we first landed from our ship, for looking across the channel through which we entered the lagoon, we could see She ruins of THE SHAKER 98 some huts ; and thinking we might chance to find something among them that would assist us in house-keeping, we resolved to visit them. Being good swimmers we could have easily swam across the channel in a few minutes : but seeing so many sharks on our route we did not think it best to take passage with them. We accordingly started by land with the circumference of the island before us ; and many a weary step we trod over sharp coral, shingle beach, and through tangled thickets, before reaching those old huts, just across the channel, within almost a stone's throw from where we started. We traveled part of the time on the outer beach, although the distance was greater, to avoid the almost impassable bushes, which were a species of dwarf palm, that in many places grew to the water's edge of the lagoon. We built us a good shelter hut each night of palm leaves, that would have kept us dry had it rained. We obtained the leaves from groves, or wild nurseries of young cocoa-nut trees, that were to be found at short intervals during our journey. (to be continued.)