Teachings Of The Shaker Manifesto ELDER GILES B. AVERY The proper standard of character of our 'Manifesto' should be above be- ing a receptacle for mere trivial and light literature. It is desirable that articles should be well dressed, their senti ments clearly manifest and free from redundance ; and, while they may be various, and adapted to all grades of intellect eligible to its perusal, they should generally be of a high tone of character and directed to the stupendous and magnanimous object we have in view—the salvation and redemption of humanity from the mire of sin and its darkening soul-cloud maze. . , What we should inculcate is, a religion free from human sophistry, human creedism, pagan mythology, Pantheism, Materialism, infidelity to an accessible God, manifest in some degree in all human souls who live the Christ life ; free from infidelity to revealed truth ; infidelity to pure, soul spiritual ministrations of angels. Free from priest-craft, which seeks to blind and befog the intelligences of men for the sake of humiliating and debasing them for the advantages of power over them, and to bind them for the sake of living at their ex- pense. Free from the mockery of laymen by a false profession ; from sensual blindness ; self-conceit; free from the Old Orthodox Heavens—happiness to be enjoyed by an elected few, without regard to their good works—and from the equally inconsistent eternal hell for finite sins, as the vindictive punishment of an avenging God. Free from antichristian righteousness that would teach salvation with a Bible in one hand and a rifle in the other. Free from a Christian (so called,) righteousness that is characterized by reliance on the merits of Jesus for salvation, by mere belief in him. Our paper theologically, should be devoted to the manifestations of precepts upon, and illustrations of the following subjects : 81 THE SHAKER M^LNTF'KSTO. 1. The revelation of God as Father and Mother. 2. The knowledge of God by revelation through mediatorial intelligences— the ministration of angels. 3. The precepts and elements of Christianity as exemplified in the life of Jesus, unbiased by man-made creeds. • 4. Salvation from sin—not simply from its consequences— the Christian salvation. 5. Self-denial and virgin purity the harvest of the world. 6. The Harvest of the World the inauguration of the Kingdom of Heaven upon earth. 7. Heavenly and earthly peace the fruit of righteousness only. 8. War, the fruit of vain, worldly ambition, pride and lust for pleasure, power and lordly dominion. 9. Abnormal death of the physical body not the providence of God, but the result of violated laws of God. 10. The soul, a subject of mortality, the fruit of sin. 11. The soul, a subject of immortality, the fruit of redemption from sin, and working righteousness. 12. Incessant and interminable influx of spirit life the immortality of the soul. 13. Conscious existence of man after death of the physical body. 14. Accessibility to the ministration of angels the normal condition of righteous humanity. 15. Marriage an institution for the worldly man. 16. Virgin celibacy an institution of the kingdom of heaven. 17. Radical demonstrations of true spiritualism, the life and soul of the Christian Church. 18. The soul, not the physical body, the subject of the Christian resurrection. 19. The existence of hell a reality, but primarily, a state of the human soul as the result of violated laws ; secondarily a, place, the society of the transgres- sors of God's laws. 20. Heaven, a reality capable of being commenced on earth, the state of innocence and purity of soul; and theplace of the society of the righteous whoobey the laws of God. ' 21. Information in general concerning that which constitutes a true Christian— a Shaker life, its habits, economy ; theology, inspiration, prophecy, revelations,, anticipations and needs. 22. The character of the subjects of Christ's Kingdom—as Kings and Priests unto God. The field is boundless, but, we forbear. Our object is to key up the tone of our paper's character to its proper level, and increase its intrinsic merits. We do not issue the Manifesto as a specimen of erudition, nor as the fruit of pastime ; but as an angel missionary of our everlasting Gospel Testimony to save and redeem humanity ; to make man a new being ; a fit subject for the Kingdom of Heaven. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.