For the Children QUONDAM SAILOR WILLIAM G. LIBBEY CHAP. IV. Although we suffered some from sore feet and fatigue, our rest at night was very refreshing, there being no mosquitoes nor fleas —those pests of most tropical countries—to trouble us. We found plenty of good fish in all parts of the lagoon, and very easily taken; with a short line held in the hand we could catch enough for a meal in a few minutes. Cocoa-nuts were abundant wherever we went. If we tired of fish and cocoa-nuts, we could easily knock down a young booby, a kind of pelican bird the'flesh of which is tolerably good food. Those we roasted wero very fat, being fed every day with abundance of flying fish, by the parent birds, who are very attentive to their young before they are able to fly. These young birds on remaining quietly in their nests until they are fledged, become a mass of fat, which they soon lose when able to fish for themselves, and never regain; for all of the full grown birds we caught were rather poor in flesh. One incident of our journey around the island I will relate, as it gave us an extra feast, and was quite an event in our island life. I think it was the second day of our journey, in the afternoon, we came suddenly up- on a large terrapin; and wanting a change of diet we cut off the head, opened the shell, and prepared for a feast like any hungry na- tives ; and having kindled a fire near the ocean beach we went to the water's edge to wash our terrapin meat, and eggs. While thus engaged flocks of birds hovered over our heads ready to devour any piece that chanced to escape from our hands, that is, if the sharks did not get it first, for we could see their great blunt heads within a few feet of us, watching greedily for a share •of our meat; but we had none to spare them. Building a good fire from the wreck of a small vessel which we found on the beach, we roasted and ate of our terrapin, until the stars appeared; while we no doubt ate very heartily, it should be remembered that our cooking process was quite primitive and slow. for when I retired to our hut for the night, my brother was by the fire roasting and eating. How long his feast continued I know not, as sleep overpowered me and kept me in its grasp, until day-light. We made our breakfast from terrapin meat, and had some of the eggs left to take along with us on our journey; we also saved some of the oil in a cocoa-nut shell, to take with us for our feet, which were badly lacerated, by walking on the coral. About the fourth day of our journey, we came suddenly upon a wide passage of water, from the lagoon to the open ocean, and the tide being high the water between us and the opposite shore looked rath't forbidding. Not that we were at all afraid of salt water, for we could easily have swam across had there been no sharks in the way; hut seeing their fins cut through the surface of the water, we dared not trust ourselves to swim in their company. Going back to a beautiful grove of cocoanut trees, we built a shelter hut, made a fire, and obtaining a good supply of fish from the tidal passage, satiated our hunger by cooking and eating, as previously described. With all our experience as sailors and fishermen, we never saw so good a place for fishing before. There were holes in the branching coral from two to five feet deep, into which we could drop our hooks, with only a short piece of line, and quickly take out a nice white fish weighing four or five pounds. While waiting the turn of the tide we improved the time reading our little Bible, the only book we had, and mending our clothes. We also made a case for the sun-glass, as it occurred to us here, that if we should break it, we could not make a fire, and of necessity be compelled to eat our fish and fowls raw; therefore putting our ingenuity to a test, we managed with the help of an old dull axe, to make a case; which, although rude, was good protection for o.ur precious treasure. We remained at this place about a day and a half, observing the rise and fall of the tide ; and found to our joy that at low water wo could cross to the opposite side of the passage, without being forced to swim. On the morning of the second day we left our beautiful grove, and carefully picking our way over the highest parts of the coral, we reached the opposite shore in safety. There we saw a place where the small shrubby trees of the island were covered with some kind of a wild vine, the only vines we saw; and if I may be allowed a small speculation in geology, I should give it as my belief, that the place where the vines grew was the oldest part of the island, not only from the presence of the vines, but also from its being the windward side of the island, and the trade wind having blown in one direction for many ages, causing the roll of the ocean to take the same course, the island must have been formed, beginning at this point. The vegetables and marine waste from the newly formed land, must have gone with the roll of the sea to leeward, or westward; thus changing a coral reef dangerous to the future navigator, into a beautiful island covered with verdure, and abounding with trees, prominent and towering, while above them all, is seen the queen of tropical trees—the cocoa-nut palm. The day we crossed the tidal passage we walked faster and farther than on either of the previous days, and arrived at our destination a little past noon. On reaching the huts we found them in ruins, but selecting the best one, and taking parts of the others to repair it, we managed to make a comfortable shel- ter for a warm climate. The most useful and valuable thing we found at the old huts, was a part of one side of a large cast iron pot, broken in the shape of a skimmer, and capable of holding three or four gallons. To us it was a whole kitchen department, for we could now have boiled fish, fowl soup, and chowder. Our pot was in place ready for use, set on bricks that doubtless came ashore with the pot, and were, no doubt, a part of the try-works of a whaler, wrecked in the lagoon twelve years before. She belonged to Sydney, Australia, and had several hundred barrels of SHAKBE : 122 THE SHAKER 6perm oil which was saved, and the ship's crew with their effects were rescued by another vessel, after a residence of several months on this island. This information we obtained from a boat steerer, a half breed Pequot Indian, belonging to the old ship Phenix, of New London, Conn., the vessel in which we made our first voyage to the Pacific ocean. But to return to our domestic life : we now thought ourselves very well provided for. having found means for so great an improvement in our diet. One little incident that occurred when we came in sight of these huts, I will mention, as it caused a little controversy with the inhabitants of the island! My brother objected to the place as a residence, because there were no cocoa-nut trees within five minutes walk of the huts : you see lie loved the trees, and said it was not a pretty place; this the writer was willing to admit, as we had been pitching our camps in much prettier places, during our march, yet while this was not the most pleasant spot we might have selected, it was the best place to see the passing vessels ; or should they call at the island, this was the only place a boat could land in safety ; and should we fix our home farther in_ land, vessels could come and go, and not be seen by us, and thus we should miss obtaining from them some articles of which we were then beginning to feel the need; such as fish-hooks, lines, a small iron pot that we could carry with us any where ; we wanted a few carpenter's tools with which to build a boat, or a house. So by thus reasoning we became reconciled where to fix our port of entry; my brother very kindly yielding the point when convinced it was for the best interest of our little community of two. (to be continued.) MIND and MAN ALFRED E. DOYLE In looking o'er this world so wide— A seeming maze without a plan— We e'er should seek the brighter side, To help the mind and bless the man. Though Satan's hosts may oft engage us, Combined in passions war-ike clan ; And fiercer though the conflict rages, These nerve the mind to make the man. And in this life whate'er our chances, Our fellows' joys or ills to scan ; Remember 'tis oft the circumstances, That mould the mind and rule the man. So may we all at calls of need, Da what so e'er we find we can, By kindly looks or words or deed, To aid the mind—in blessing man. And in conclusion—let all reflect Since life is but a simple span, What e'er the lot—we should respect, The noble mind of an honest man. Watervliet, O.