IS THE SHAKER SYSTEM BEST? In our plain advocacy of Shaker principles, we ever have endeavored to be so liberal, as to be open to correction, whether or not the Shaker system is the best for the purposes it intends. We have endeavored to do only simple justice to the various denominations of the professedly Christian faith, even when we have charged some of them, so far from being followers of the celibate, peaceful, unselfish Jesus, that they had not the smell of Christianity about them; but, that for selfish considerations alone, they had reversed the rules of his life, and had made sacraments of those very practices which he purposely abjured, and which abjuration, was the distinguishing feature between Christianity and Judaism. The intents of our system are salvation and redemption from the good and bad of the world ; a rising superior to the world, in its very best estate. Can it render these? Does it do so best? We have given the Methodists credit for their zeal, while condemning their mixture of good faith and bad, as unchristian works ; we have credited the baptisms of the Baptists as very good so far as the water is concerned; we have admitted the underlying truths of the theories forming the Presbyterian faith; and have been particularly favorable to th'at conspicuous feature of the Roman Catholics, which makes celibacy an enforcement on their clergy, monks and nuns. Wherever we have seen evidences of a following of the Master in churches or individuals, we have been most active to give credit and record the fact. Yet, n the face of this unequaled liberality, we are unjustly charged with egotism, superstition and bigotry. The principles that guided the life of Tesus, the Christ, are Christianity to us ; and we have espoused Christianity from a love of these principles ; with a full understanding what they would cross off rom our practices and what they would approve. We do not practice Christianty because Jesus did ; neither because any one else than Jesus did so. We so ive from a love of the principles ; and because the fruits of these principles are THE SHAKER MA.NTF'EISTO. salvation and redemption from what we would cease to be subjects. We disclaim being copyists in the sense of idolaters. We admit there is a good in marriage ; and there is a plane of human ex- istence, where it is properly practiced, that it may be termed very good—where it gives to the earth sound minds in healthy bodies. But in its very best forms we pronounce marriage a worldly, unchristian institution, that never was, never will be practiced by a follower of the Master—a child of the resurrection. We want salvation from even the good of marriage, and therefore find, by following the Christ, we obtain what we want. We admit that Paul permitted its practice, by those who would do worse without it; but we claim that he knew that it was not following the Master so to engage, and that inasmuch as the people married, they so far failed of experiencing the salvations and resurrec- tions of the Christ. 'Marriage should people the earth: Celibacy populates the heavens,' said St. Jerome. If marriage is ever proper, and we admit that it is, then 'the children of the world'—Jews, etc. are the proper parties to engage in it. But let no Christian attempt it, nor its following of reproductions. Is not the Shaker system best, in its rendering salvation from the good and bad of marriage ? If not, show us the better way. With marriages, naturally follow children, aggregation of property etc. Are not these selfish considerations that find no parallel in the Christ? And does not our system best meet them with a remedy? The lusts of the flesh and pride of life are of the world ; and these seek indulgences in and out of marriage. We want to be elevated to Christ's life and above these ; and our system guides to the elevation. From these same lusts and pride spring all the wars of households and of nations—from which we seek complete salvation. Put- ting away the causes, through activity of the Shaker system, these effects cease with us. Is there a better way? We do not deny the crosses our system imposes upon us; these are many, and sometimes irksome ; but are they not salutary, even to saving us as Jesus was saved ? Therefore, while we claim that our system is capable of an exceeding progress, this will be in a heavenly direction, not earthward ; and that while it is not yet a finality unto perfection, does it not approach nearer to Jesus' life than any other system? Let us reflect: Jesus lived above Marriage, reproductions, houses, landsall selfish property; thus our system teaches ; do the popular Churches so teach? Jesus was a peacemaker— 'prince of peace'—and our system evolves none others. Is it so with the popular Churches? 'Whoso names the name of Christ,' or Christian, let them depart from all practices not found in the life of the Christ; and to them will appear which system is best unto salvation.