THOUGHTS, Upon my 24th birthday ELVAH F. COLLINS 0 flowing years! Where are your many dreams ? Aback I turn to find they all have flown; The thoughts, the deeds, the imagery of life, Have chased each other into the unknown. No more can I possess the infant mind— That formed each day its happy round of life— That laughed away the sorrows and the cares Which ever brood o'er the increasing strife. Unconscious of a mother's anxious heart— To keep the little hands from dangers near, And little feet from straying into wrong, With prayers that they in future rightly steer. Gone! gone those sunny days of childish bliss; Pursued by the increscent years of time, That turned my heart from childhood's playful hours, To thoughts of what should blossom on my prime. Tori have heard the sweet-voiced angels' call To come away from shadow and from shade; To sow, and reap a life of purity, And dwell mid flowers that time can never fade. Here let my soul be met, by weal or woe, Joy, or affliction, as I greet the years, No grief nor sorrow I could ever know, But would be joy to sin's embittered tears. Each day its lesson brings; and so I learn More wisely on the morrow to pursue, The threaded winding paths of life below, Therein to spurn the false, and bless the true. O! angel mother, place upon my head, The hand of blessing for my future course; And with thy finger write upon my heart Those principles of glowing vital force. And I will read with faith's unfailing eye, And walk with willing feet the path to thee; For thro' thy blessing and thy life of prayer A.re Zion's sin-forsaking children free. And here I sit today; not like the throng Of suffering sisters, steeped in bitter tears O'er steps unwisely taken, mid the thorns That seem to thicken with the coming years— Not like the thousands bowed in servitude— To lustful fires that burn the human heart Of him who shows no mercy to his prey— Who longs each day for life to soon depart; Or backward turns to days of innocence, And yearns to live those hours o'er again, Because the castles ot her youthful mind Have crumbled into dust of shame and pain. I have no need to summon up the years, That silently have left me, one by one, Nor does my heart shrink back with shuddering fears From the great future I have but begun. The morning light of fadeless golden hue, Has streamed across the everlasting hills; And Zion's city flooded with its beams My heart with peace and holy gladness fills. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.