FARM and GARDEN Keeping poultry Keeping Poultry.—Our domestic animals, derived as they are from wild ancestors, require a certain amount of exercise to keep them in vigorous health. Poultry cannot be kept in large numbers in confined areas without detriment to their constitution. Colonel Taggart, of Pennsylvania, provides food and exercise for fowls at the same time. In his poultry yard are several beds about thirty feet square each, in which Colonel Taggart buries oats, several bushels to the bed. The grains begin, of course, at once to swell and germinate, and the fowls have free access, scratching and eating the tender sprouts to their hearts' content. While the fowls are thus busy on one bed, a new one is prepared, which is in readiness for them by the time it is required. The idea is a good one. A single pound of bone-dust... A single pound of bone-dust contains, ac- cording to our illustrious chemist, Liebig, as much phosphoric acid as one hundred pounds of wheat. Hence the economy of utilizing every scrap of bone to be found on the farm. Root crops for cattle Root Crops for Cattle.—The value of roots as feed for cattle, particularly for those giving milk, is receiving large consideration by the agriculturists and stock men of all the more enlightened countries. Not only are they of more value as multiplying the lacteal fluid, but they are more nutritious than other feed, excepting grains, and their manurial value is a very important consideration, as being second only to grain-fed animals. We advise stock men to sow The Yellow Ovoid Beet, which though a recent importation, has the last season yielded under favorable conditions 5000 bushels on three acres ; and at another place more than fifty-nine tons were grown on an acre! We shall sow Ovoid extensively. WEARY NOT O CHRISTIAN PILGRIM FROM THE SISTERHOOD ENFIELD, N. H. 1. Weary not O christian pilgrim, in thy journey 2. Shun the mists of gloom and sorrow, thatch scure thy weary not, Tho the way of life be fore '' thee seems gospel light, Let thy polar star be duty and with many dangers fraught, Thro' the valley of thy mot to truth and right, Then the Savior's love the shadow you in safety shall be brought, shall guide thee to thy home in glory bright. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 135 For the promise of the Father will not fail, will not fail. Weary not, in the weary not strife For a home in the heavens weary not, is secure, is secure. To ascertain the weight of live cattle To Ascertain the weight of Live Cattle. Take a string, put it around the breast, stand square, just behind the shoulder blade; measure on a foot rule the feet and inches the animal is in circumference; this is called the girth; then, with the string, measure from the bone of the tail which plumbs the line with the hinder part of the buttock; direct the line along the back to the fore part of the shoulder blade; ta*ke the dimensions on the foot rule as before, which is the length; and work the figures in the following manner: Girth of the bullock, say six feet four inches; length, five feet three inches; which multiplied together, make 31 square superficial feet; and that multiplied by 23 (the number of pounds allowed to each superficial foot of cattle measuring less than seven and more than five feet in girth,) makes 713 pounds. Where the animal measures less than nine and more than seven in girth, 31 is the number of pounds to each superficial foot. Again, suppose a pig or any small beast should measure two feet in girth, and two along the back, which multiplied together, make four square feet; that multiplied by 11, the number of pounds allowed each square foot of cattle measuring less than three feet in girth, makes 44 pounds. Again, suppose a calf, a sheep, &amp;c, should measure four feet six inches in girth, and three feet nine inches in length, which multiplied together, make 15 one fourth square feet; that rcmltiplied by 16, the number of pounds allowed to all cattle measuring less than five feet and more than three in girth, makes 265 pounds. The dimensions of the girth and length of back cattle, sheep, calves, or hogs may bo as exactly taken this way as it is at all necessary for any computation or any valuation of stock, and will answer exactly to the four quarters, sinking the offal, a sum which every man who can get even a bit of chalk can easily figure. Rural New Yorker