THE SHAKER MAIIFESTO AN OFFICIAL MONTHLY. G. A. LOMAS Editor. Shakers, N. Y. VOL. VIII.— MAY. 1878.—No. V. SEPARATION FROM THE WORLD ELIJAH MYRICK This separation is not a recluse life 01 pious devotion to sect or creed, labelec 'holier than thou ;' it is not the fruits of divine life laid away in a napkin white though it be. Nor is it in the cut and color of apparel, nor the nay and yea of speech. Neither is it exclusiveness from our fellow beings. Jesus breaking away from the exclusiveness of the Essenes, rose on the tidal wave of John's mission of baptism and repentance, and became an active exponent of their faith, their commu- nism, celibacy, peace, healing power, and spiritual gifts : declaring that he came 'to bring fire on the earth'—a separation from the world—a consuming of the worldly elements. (Luke, 12, 53.) 'A new commandment I give unto you, that ye love one-another'—differing from the old, that 'they twain should be one flesh.' The new the divine, the old the earthly, for 'the children ol this world.' As with the heavenly kingdom ; so with the kingdom of this world; it is within. Would we come out of the world we must get the world out of ourselves. 'The lust of the flesh the lust of the eye and the pride of life,' declared to be 'of the world,' find their counterpart in the second, Christ advent. 'Put away your selfishness your lust and your fllthiness and be prepared for the gospel increase.' 'They spare no idol great nor small, But pass one sentence on them all.' The second advent of Christ is a renewal of the war upon the world ; and for this purpose 'came not to bring peace but a sword'— 'the sword which proceedeth out of the mouth'—the testimony of truth ; the sundering of worldly ties, centering all the life, love, and affection on a new relation, paying all just debts, restoring what has been unjustly taken, confessing and forsaking all sin, and living a pure virgin life, keeping unspotted from the world. Is not this the Christ? It is a self-imposed fraud to assume a show of outward conformity and let the world usurp the control of the heart's affections, substituting semi-lusts, fancy affections, and perverted loves, as a compromise between the natural, and the divine. Mother Ann Lee said, ' 'this is no lalf-way work; we do not daub with XO4 THE SHAKER M-AJSTEEPESTO. untempered mortar,' 'God requires the whole soul in his service.' She was a rue prophetess ; her testimony grew out of her life. False prophets there are, having unclean spirits like frogs (amphibious) who say it is possible to live in both elements, the flesh and the spirit. Rightly named, 'spirits of devils,' heed them not. Rather heed, and pattern those who have borne the world's odium for Christ's sake ; whose very presence is a testimony that the baptism of fire has consumed the world within. Let us make our record like theirs ; while reproving the world of sin, win the sin-sick soul by love to repentance, and obedience to divine laws ; causing the earth to be a paradise of joyfulness. May the practice of every Christian precept, evince our separation from the world. Harvard, Mass.