EDITORIAL NOTES A SHAKER SERMON Henry Ward Beecher, in our hearing, preached a full-toned Shaker sermon in one complete sentence: 'As followers of Christ, we have no right to do that 117 118 THIG SHAKEE MIAJNTEFESTO. which the Master never did.' This is as well as we could preach ourselves, and we therefore say liAmen!' to it; asking all professors of Christianity to examine themselves, and see, if they are engaging in any practice in life, that finds no sanction in the life practices oi Jesus—the master. CHURCH AND STATE We object to the apparent junction oi Church and State, illustrated on the new silver dollar in the words : 'In God we trust.' The name of no one's religious God should be so desecrated. We propose an amendment that would answer more truthfully, and aid in keeping the Church superior to State control ; Let that word '' God' be made to read 'Gold;' and then let 'Silver' be added. We think the gods of gold and silver have immense congregations of devotees—idolaters. 'TO ALL NATIONS There is one feature of the gospel of Christ, we are almost invariably inclined to evade ; and this is the universal application of the gospel to every sinsick soul, no matter of what color or nation he or she may be. There will be people of various colors, desirous of the gospel given us to preach; and what right have we to interdict, by deciding that 'their day has not yet come?' Let us be careful to feed hungering souls, regardless of their color or nationality ; else there may be chargeable to our account a loss to souls, much inhumanity, and a mournful want of Christianity. Let them come, and when they arrive, asking a share in our cross, testimony, and life, do not let there be heard from our habitations queries as to nationalities, or 'what is the color of your skin?' May heaven preserve us from such prejudices ; and from becoming unwilling sharers of gospel comforts with any and all who want to be good. The reminder and rebuke, applies equally well in the East, as in the West.