CORRESPONDENCE Dear Bro. Albert, Be assured of my grateful appreciation of your efforts to... Ayer, Mass. Mar. 24, 1878 Dear Bro. Albert, Be assured of my grateful appreciation of your efforts to make the Shaker Manifesto an honorable representative in both contents and execution. And (if you are in need) I have a little sympathy for you. Doubtless, Paul and Stanley were both honest men. One embraced Christ and modified it to suit such as would not take it unmixed; the other received Christ and denied it—went back to his 'mire.' In your analysis, preserve all the good metal; whatever cannot bear examination through the lens of truth must go the way of all chaff. The incubus of all false doctrines must be shaken off. Can we do better than to observe Jefferson's motto : 'Equal and exact justice to all men?' When books and men accredited with infallibility speak to us with discordant tongues, are we to pay royalty on reason, and revelation, or accept the mixture? Physicians do not prescribe the mixture of a whole apothecary inventory for their patients. They are wiser than the spiritual physicians, who repeat Paul: 114 M-AJSTimiESTO. THE SHAKER 115 'Marriage is honorable in all, and the bed undefiled.' Is this the teaching of Jesus ? Whose disciples are we ? Jesus the recognized pattern of the Christian ministry, was both healer, and preacher. Do Doctors and Ministers inhabit one skin now-a-days in healing disease and in giving warning against the fatal relapse of repeating the sin ? Or does one live by preaching Paul, while the other lives on the effects of such preaching? Go on my brother, the verdict will be in order at the close of the trial. As ever affectionately, Elijah Myrick My Young Sister L.— How nearly like a pure white lily your name sounds!... Shaker Village, N. H. Apr. 16, 1878 My Young Sister L.— How nearly like a pure white lily your name sounds! Just so pure would I have my Lily in spirit. Earthly flowers afford great pleasure ; their beauty gratifies the sense of vision, their sweet perfume the sense of smell, and how pleasant to hold in our grasp a bouquet of lovely and fragrant flowers,—these are emblematic of heavenly graces and Christian virtues; but how much more beautiful and really significant, is the embodiment of these graces in the mind of an individual, and that one in the bloom of life,—dedicated to the service of the Lord,—transplanted in the beautiful garden of God ! My young Christian friend, grant to those you love, the pleasure of seeing your youthful life bloom in loveliness, and more than this—giving the promise of golden fruit. Nothing can be more lovely than a virgin soul! Believe me, a pure, clean, disciplined spirit, is holy; and the promise of becoming the 'Glory of Heaven and the Flowers of Paradise,' is given unto such only. You have made the attempt to walk in the Christian path-way, and it is indeed, more glorious, and wiser to choose the 'better part,' to sacrifice the selfish will, and thusfind the joys of eternal life, rather than yield to the tempter—enjoy the pleasures of sin fora season and then have to pay the penalty for indulgence against light, through intense sufferings. The gilded pleasures which the world holds forth to the mental vision of youth, are not real; they are never enjoyed, save at the expense of virtue, confidence, and a life of true pleasure. There is no real happiness only in the Christian path of true self-denial; the knowledge that we subordinate the lower desires, to the claims of the higher, spiritual aspirations. I hope never to see my Lily a crushed flower, resolving again into the elements of the earth, having lost the beauty and fragrance of her life. Never, never listen to the unholy whisperings of the adversary, 'Who goeth about like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour.' Avoid his grasp! Flee from vain imaginings! Seek shelter in the hearts of your spiritual guides, through the door of humble obedience, and you will find the love of God equal to your needs ; the winds will all be tempered as you can bear, and according to your day, so will be your strength. In conquering your own passions, you will find that all things will be clad in new beauty ; you will see lovely graces in your friends, and find ability to climb every rugged place; with gratitude for an access so easy to the heavenly kingdom. Now having chosen the best gift—a pure spirit,—may the angels of God guard, and guide you forever. Affectionately, Your Sister E. M. SHAKER COURTESY One of the 'true blue,' aged brethren of Mt. Lebanon, made to his kind, young sister in the gospel— Ann Offord—the present of a beautiful box, so ar' ranged internally, as to be a practical present. In re turn, she poured forth her gratitude in poetical song inscribed to her venerable friend. Now, listen to his thoughtful, practical reply : Beloved Sister Ann: Your New Year's salutation is very acceptable. That which comes from the heart, reaches the affections. On this commemorative occasion, I congratulate you, and myself, that we are called MAlKmnESTO. to the practical manifestations of 'Peace on earth, and good-will to all Humanity'—a weighty responsibility—to embody, in ou every day lives, Divine Wisdom and Love The time has fully come for the Law to be written on our affections. Indeed, to be the music of our lives. 'Tis ours, to 'sing the song of 31oses and the Lamb!'—to include in our lives, the harmonies of Natural and Divine Law. While the propagative man and woman shrink from the cross we bear, it is ours to sing of the triumphs, and the glories of the Higher Life. Dearly beloved Sister : Go on your way rejoicing; and when we get through with the fleeting shadows of earthly conditions, may it be said of you, of me, and of the whole household of faith: 'These are they, who keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus.' In gospel love, your aged brother, John Shaw