ECHOES FROM THE VOICE OF PEACE E. M. Coats said, at a Convention in Dutchess Co., N. Y. that there are in the United States Treasury $500,000, the accumulated interest and principal of pension money uncalled for, by such as became members of the Shaker Community. There are said to be in the United States 60.000 Ministers claiming to preach the Gospel. I beg you friends, to hold these to a literal fulfillment of their profession. I used to dread to- call myself a Christian the term seemed so synonymous with persecution and war. Z. C. Whipple. The Beneficent Father never made war ; man was its author. War is a monstrosity and the wonder is that Christians ever studied it, legalized it, paid for it, gloried in it. A. H. Love. Advertisement of a Military Academy in its true meaning : Send here your sons to have the pure spirit of truth trained out of them, and a demon of military cunning and deceit, called strategy, put in its place. We will teach them that Christ's precepts are nonsense and cowardice. A. M. PoweL Effects of our Civil War. A debt of $3,000,000,000 ! Millions of paupers ! ! 500.000 widows and three times that number of orphans ! ! ! B. A. Lockwood. Some still open their eyes in wonderr when a minister of Jesus ignores war! We rejoice to know that the question of arbitration is claiming the attention of the best minds of the world. H. T. Child. Let us march up from the plane of M^NTIIPEISTO. THE SHAKER brute force. Give universal suffrage, before the law, for women.—J. M. Troth. Why, with the most fruitful harvest known in a century are our people begging for bread ? Why, when millions of acres of land are waiting for cultivation are bands of idle men straggling over the country like beasts of prey ? Why are our manufactories idle, and our prisons and alms-houses full ? These are the legitimate train of evils which follow war. As a remedy, organize compulsory education for children, and compulsory labor for the able-bodied idler. Do away with dram shops, and threefourths of our prisons and alms-houses wall be empty. Make less haste to get rich and less still, to seem rich. Dignify labor and let it be understood that he who does nothing is nothing. E. M. Coats. Let us have one more Indian war, and then, no more Indians ! !—General Ouster's Advice to the Government. Can the Turks cherish a more deadly feeling ? We are told that the Republic of Switzerland is the only spot on the continent of Europe where the friends of peace and liberty are permitted to hold public meetings, and speak out freely by the sentiments of their souls. Voice of Peace. In the town of Chester, Pennsylvania, there is a military school on the soil of William Penn, and the head of that institution is a minister ! A. H. Love. I well remember of the ministers seceding from the American Anti-slavery Society in New York in 1840, and forming a new society for the reason that Abbie Kelley was elected one of the business committee ! What vast sums of money are taken from the poor, to support priests who uphold the gallows, war, and try to prevent women from exercising their God-given rights! but with all their bigotry they cannot stop the onward march of free thought. B. H. Ober. The late Uncivil War cost the United States 1.000.000 horses!