Substance Better Than Shadows ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE The dispensation of types and shadows, is now superseded by the real. In the ages past, seers,—through faith-—pierced the clouds and shadows, and with prophetic lens saw the Christ of the coming years who would reveal the substance of things which they awaited and hoped for, but did not realize until they had passed the boundaries of the earth sphere. The law given through Moses to the ancient Jews, that required sacrifices of beasts and birds, for the expiation of sins, was symbolical of the final crucifixion of the animal nature of man and woman, when in the fullness of times an offering should be made of the sensual life 'once for all' upon the altar of truth which God would erect; whereon sin offerings would be laid, and an effectual cleansing of the transgressor be made by confession and repentance : and the injunction be, 'Go and sin no more.' Neither the blood of animals, the hyssop branch nor running stream could effect the cleansing of souls in that day ; but a recurrence of those sins for which oblation had been made, showed the weakness of the law, and marked the course of its subjects; but it was a pledge given to be redeemed by something better in the coming future. The law, with its ceremonial appendages was not given as a redeemer, only designed to guide, guard and protect. It was the best that the people of that day were prepared to receive. Minis- ters who stood in the ancient Jewish temples, though clad in sacerdotal robes, could not administer saving power ; they did not possess it. By the varied offerings presented to the Priests, the people stood confessed for thereby the nature of the transgression was marked and understood which, in a degree, brought humiliation of spirit, and a restraining influence upon those passions which the law pointed out as unclean. Had the people of that day kept the law of their God in regard to procreation—been orderly and timely in the work of reproduction—those restraints and constraints, would have been need- less ; for the principle of right use would have prevailed, and seed time would have been blest, and a normal growth of the race from the natural towards the spiritual been produced. Then the harvesting anaels could have done their work of reaping and gathering souls, u to a higher plane of spiritual life, anc holier loves, without inharmony or jar ring of the general plan. But the Jewish law was disregarded broken—by pi-ophets, priests and people Priests fattened upon the offerings mac by the people, and transgression wa not rebuked by them ; idolatrous deec were tolerated, while they (the priests) surfeited upon the fat of beasts and birds. Hence the prophet Hosea said, 'The Lord condemned and rejected them as unworthy the priesthood, seeing they had forgotten the law of their God, and eaten up the sin of his people, and set their hearts on iniquity.' Thus the an- imal passional nature gained the ascendency even in the Order of the priesthood—the highest and holiest sanctuary of that dispensation. Henceforth may it be truthfully said that there is a sanctuary—a holy temple established on the earth where God dwells,—where conscience rules,—and the law of Purity which produces peace and love remains unsullied and unbroken. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.