HOME TOPICS How To Keep Bouquets Fresh There are various recipes for keeping bouquets fresh. Some people stick them in moist sand; some salt the water in the vases, and others warm it; others, again, use a few drops of ammonia. My rule is to cool the flowers thoroughly at night. When the long day of furnace heat has made the roses droop and their stems limp and lifeless, I clip them a little, and set them to float in a marble basin fall of very cold water. In the morning they come out made over into crisp beauty, as fresh and blooming as if just gathered. All flowers, however, will not stand this water-cure. Heliotrope blackens and falls to pieces under it, azaleas drop from their stems, and mignonette soaks away from its fragrance. For these I use dry cold air. I wrap them in cotton wool and set them on a shelf in the ice-chest. I can almost hear you laugh; but really I am not joking. Flowers thus treated keep perfectly for a week with me, and often longer. St. Nicholas Sundry Useful Receipts A hot shovel held over varnished furniture, will take out white spots. m: AJNrrEPESTO. A bit of glue dissolved in skim milk and water, will restore old crape. Ribbons of any kind should be washed in cold soap suds, and not rinsed. If your flat-irons are rough, rub them well with fine salt, and it will make them smooth. Oat straw is the best for filling beds. It should be changed once a year. If you are buying a carpet for durability, choose small figures. A bit of soap rubbed on the hinges of doors, will prevent their creaking. Scotch snuff put on the holes where crickets come out, will destroy them. A gallon of strong lye put in a barrel of water, will make it as soft as rain water. Half a cranberry bound on a corn, will soon kill it. In winter set the handle of your pump as high as possible at night, or throw a blanket over it. Dyspepsia is cured by muscular exercise... Dyspepsia is cured by muscular exercise, voluntary or involuntary, and cannot be cured in any other way, because nothing can create or collect gastric juice except exercise; it is a product of the human machine. Nature only can make it. Keep Borax in the House In the laundry it is economical, as it saves both labor and soap, and is really cheaper than the latter. For blankets and other large articles it is especially valuable, and in all cases the use of a little borax will save half the labor when articles are much soiled. It is perfectly effectual in driving away red ants, cockroaches, etc., if sprinkled around on pantry shelves, or put in small quantities on paper and placed in the runways of the insects. Borax is also of great value for toilet uses. For removing dandruff and cleansing the hair it is unequaled. It is also a good remedy for rough face and chapped hands. Its application to wounds, sores, bruises, sprains, etc., proves very salutary and is often the only remedy required, even in severe cases. Indeed, borax is one of the best remedies for many ailments in our whole hygiene, and for that reason alone it should be kept ready for use when wanted. There are many other uses for borax which I need not specify, but those I have mentioned aro alone enough to satisfy any family of the value of the article.— The People