CHRISTIAN CULTURE. No. 11 WM. H. BUSSELL The Consummation : The ultimate of all Christian culture must he perfection of character socially, intellectually and morally, as well as perfect happiness. Longfellow, it is true, in his Psalm of Life, declares— 'Not enjoyment, and not sorrow Is our destined end or way.' He doubtless has reference only to the present life, during which we are 'To act that each to-morrow Finds us farther than to-day.' Pope expresses the universal desire— 'O, happinessJ our being's end and aim.' Happiness is the attendant of sound physical health; of the acquisition of every kind of useful knowledge, when the mind has become sufficiently developed to appreciate it rightly; of virtuous associations and the performance of all beneficent acts ; of every effort made to become wiser and better ourselves and to make others so. But all along through the present life the ingredients in its cup are of a mixed nature-—bitter and sweet. Yet the aspirations for perfect happiness never cease, and the assurance of finally reaching the goal of perfection becomes stronger and stronger with every onward step. These aspirations continuing even to the latest period of the earthly life are evidences of a life beyond the present in which they shall have their complete realization. Those who have made the greatest advancements in culture of every kind while upon the earth feel the most strongly the need of further opportunities for growth. Not that they are dissatisfied with what they have acquired, but that, compared with the immense treasures yet lying before their view, what they have gained seems but the mere alphabet of truth. These treasures they are eager to make their own, but their present opportunities and facilities are altogether inadequate to that end. Divine love may have commenced its growth within them, developing the social powers, but how few the means and brief the time upon earth for their gratification! Eternity is needed for that purpose, for eternity alone can satisfy the wants that exist in the intellectually and socially developed being. This is the end of all Christian culture, the grand truth of the Christian doctrine. The self-denial it requires is for the purpose of fitting its subjects for the perpetual enjoyment of a life that cannot be gained without it. The humility it teaches is of a character that makes each disciple the equal associate of every other, without which true friendship cannot be perpetuated, and with which it may be made eternal. Christian self-denial and humility are compatible with the highest social ife. They are a preparatory step to it, and when that is fully gained, the resurrection to ternal life or the life of Divine Love is comleted. The drift of all these remarks upon chrisMANIFESTO. ioo THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. tian culture is to the effect that the heaven of the Christian, though, externally, containing the most beautiful things of which the thoroughly developed mind can conceive, yet is by no means limited to these. Its essential nature is the perfection of all the iowers of the soul, so that they shall be in conplete harmony with each other, and so that each individual person who possesses it shall be in perfect accord with every other. This agrees with the words of Jesus—'the kingdom of heaven is within you;' and with those of Paul—'the kingdom of God is righteousness, peace and joy in the Holy Spirit.' The tendency of these remarks is also, that this heaven in its perfection is gained only after passing through a course of discipline and development in which there is constant growth from the lowest conditions of life to the very highest. It is 'to those who by patient continuance in well doing seek for glory, honor, and im- mortality that God will render eternal life.' Every disciple of Jesus not only 'learns of him,' but is also a subject of the same discipline to which he submitted. He has from the first the kingdom of heaven within him in its various stages of manifestation and development, and no one can come into possession of the perfect heaven without passing through these several stages. The idea, then, of passing from earth whether an infant or a person of mature years, and entering immediately into a perfect heaven without having passed through the preliminary discipline necessary to make the perfect Christian is one of the greatest absurdities ever promulgated. If a regular course of discipline is necessary for one, it is necessary for all; and if any have not had an opportunity for this upon the earth, the simplest dictates of reason teach that they must and will have that opportunity after departure from the earth. Groveland, N. Y.