BOOK TABLE William A. Hinds American Communities : by William A. Binds, American Socialist, Oneida, N. Y. Such is the title of a large, octavo pamphlet of nearly two hundred pages, written in the most happy, as well as most correct style sossible, or imaginable. There have been arger works written upon this subject; but none of them can be as desirable to the larger number of people as is this. It is replete with all subjects which most people are desirous of knowing about Com munal life and 'Communities.' It is critical, very kindly so; and suggestive of very many reasonable improvements in existing communities, and will prove a harbinger of valuable thought to those contemplating community life, or of starting co-operative associations. But it is the very kindly spirit, manifested towards that phase of communism known as Shakerism, that we wish particularly to refer to. The author, while not believing Shakerism to be the ne plus ultra for humanity, finds, nevertheless, very much therein that attracts his admiration; so much so, that apart from other divisions of the hook, the reader will think of him as one 'almost persuaded to be a Shaker!' Our personal acquaintance with the author is of a high order; and while we do not believe he could purposely misrepresent any community, we would express both gratitude and fears for the almost flattering . .apter on each and all of the Shaker Societies, The Shaker Manifesto institution included. Let all bear in mind, it is not an expensive treat; but within the reach of the poor. Its price is Sixty Cents. Ordered through this office, it may be had, with The Manifesto one year, for One Dollar ! Tiie Spiritual Scientist is again on its wings, well, hearty, and as enterprising, happy and hopeful as its illustrious editor, E. Gerry Brown, can make it. Its address is Boston, Mass, and may it flourish with true spirituality. The Yates Co. Chronicle : Penn Yan, N. Y. We have been the recipient of so many tributes from this noble weekly, we wish our readers by the thousands would secure a copy of it, and judge for themselves what a noble paper it is. The Family Herald and Weekly Star: Montreal, Canada. We have befjre spoken of this most enterprising weekly; and we now, unsolicited, inform our readers, that fora weekly that contains so much, we do not think its equal exists for $1.25. Human Nature, (London, Eng.) for January, copied the entire 'Communication from the spirit of Mother Ann Lee, 'as printed in Nov. 1877 Shaker. We have perceived, that elsewhere, the answers therein to Bro. Peebles' questions, have attracted unusual attention. We feel assured, lhat those answers will yet be used extensively by the better class of spiritualists. Another edition of 'Plain Talks upon Practical Religion,' is now ready. As a means of answering hundreds of questions, naturally arising, concerning Believers, called Shakers, Elder Henry Cumings says : 'It is the very best work that we have ever issued.' We will send it to any address for five cents—postage one cent—less than cost. Direct to either Editor or Publisher of The Manifesto. Received: Catalogue of Live Stock at Oneida Community Farm. It is an excellent exhibit. Religio-Philosophical Tracts : This beautiful pamphlet published by the R. P. Journal Publishing House contains seven articles upon very important subjects, and is sent postpaid for ten cents. Views of our Heavenly Home: By A. J. Davis. Colby and Rich, Publishers, Boston Mass. For many years the writer of this book has obtained desired seclusion from publicity: yet in the meantime has been handsomely visited by tangible public approval. In this book the noble writer is made the medium of relating most beautiful and happifying possibilities in the future life of our spirits. Every line is consistent with the truism that effects there, follow their causes here; and while illuminating, apparently to an exaggeration, the inexpressible beauties of the future life, there is not a line that excuses the vicious from the rewards of vice, nor aught but magnifies, beyond comprehension, the harvests of those who live virtuously. It is a most wonderful book, written by a person of a very lovable disposition and high-toned character. We take this occasion, in noticing this great book, to thank Bro. Davis, far taking no part, nor entering, even to a shade of fellowship, with that class of spiritualists, who seek and are satis- fied with merely the phenomenal; or who would use Spiritualism as a cloak to their sexual lusts. Plain Talks To whom these presents shall come : We commend the little work 'Plain Talks upon Practical Religion' to the consideration of all who are anxious for information concerning our faith and principles. We deem it unpretentious, concise and plain; yet considerably illustrating the subjects commonly arising as questions in the minds of most people concerning Shakers and their principles. We recommend Novitiate Elders, and any others interested, to aid in its extensive circulation. Ministry of Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. We are under the necessity of deferring comments until June No. upon 'Buddhism and Christianity, Face to Face'—a work not yet arrived for sale in this country, but bearing the unmistakable evidences of being the work by Bro. J. M. Peebles. Look for it; obtain it.