THE FEAR OF THE LORD DANIEL ORCUTT 'Come, ye children, hearken unto me; I will teach you the fear of the Lord.' Children, this call is to you. It is the language of maternal solicitude and love. It is what every wise parent, guardian or teacher, would say to you. 'Hearken unto me;' that is, hearken to the voice of Wisdom. Children are apt to 113 THE SHAEER MANIFESTO. hearken to the voice of mere pleasure, or passion ; their minds are unstable ; they dislike restraint, and often hearken to those who advise them to do evil. But Wisdom says, 'hearken unto—me.' Perhaps you may ask, why should we hearken to Wisdom? Because She will teach you righteousness,—-the fear of the Lord. Be assured, that the true fear of the Lord, is not to be understood in the sense of slavish dread, nor terror. Bad people have not the true fear of the Lord, while the good, possess it. The worst consequences are attributed to the absence of it, while everything that is good, is ascribed to its existence in the soul. The true fear of God, is perfectly consistent with true love ; we can cherish this fear, and yet love God, as did Jesus and the Apostles. 'By the fear of the Lord, men depart from evil.'' Solomon says, 'The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom.' It is the highest kind of wisdom, Job's language agrees precisely with this : ' 'Behold, the fear of the Lord, that is wisdom ; and to depart from evil, is understanding.' 'The fear of the Lord is to hate evil;' to reverence God's character, and love His law; and those who do this, will have great spiritual prosperity. The season of youth is the best time for learning the fear of the Lord. We have not room to quote all that the Bible says on this subject; it is summed up in the following words. '' Though a sinner do evil a ' hundred times, and his days be prolonged, (were such a case to happen,) yet surely I know that it shall be well with them that fear God ; but it shall not be well with the wicked, neither shall he prolong his days, which are as a shadow, because he feareth not God.' We hope our young readers will meditate deeply on this subject, and let its principles be engraven on their youthful hearts. Enfield, Ct.