My Young Sister L.— How nearly like a pure white lily your name sounds!... Shaker Village, N. H. Apr. 16, 1878 My Young Sister L.— How nearly like a pure white lily your name sounds! Just so pure would I have my Lily in spirit. Earthly flowers afford great pleasure ; their beauty gratifies the sense of vision, their sweet perfume the sense of smell, and how pleasant to hold in our grasp a bouquet of lovely and fragrant flowers,—these are emblematic of heavenly graces and Christian virtues; but how much more beautiful and really significant, is the embodiment of these graces in the mind of an individual, and that one in the bloom of life,—dedicated to the service of the Lord,—transplanted in the beautiful garden of God ! My young Christian friend, grant to those you love, the pleasure of seeing your youthful life bloom in loveliness, and more than this—giving the promise of golden fruit. Nothing can be more lovely than a virgin soul! Believe me, a pure, clean, disciplined spirit, is holy; and the promise of becoming the 'Glory of Heaven and the Flowers of Paradise,' is given unto such only. You have made the attempt to walk in the Christian path-way, and it is indeed, more glorious, and wiser to choose the 'better part,' to sacrifice the selfish will, and thusfind the joys of eternal life, rather than yield to the tempter—enjoy the pleasures of sin fora season and then have to pay the penalty for indulgence against light, through intense sufferings. The gilded pleasures which the world holds forth to the mental vision of youth, are not real; they are never enjoyed, save at the expense of virtue, confidence, and a life of true pleasure. There is no real happiness only in the Christian path of true self-denial; the knowledge that we subordinate the lower desires, to the claims of the higher, spiritual aspirations. I hope never to see my Lily a crushed flower, resolving again into the elements of the earth, having lost the beauty and fragrance of her life. Never, never listen to the unholy whisperings of the adversary, 'Who goeth about like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour.' Avoid his grasp! Flee from vain imaginings! Seek shelter in the hearts of your spiritual guides, through the door of humble obedience, and you will find the love of God equal to your needs ; the winds will all be tempered as you can bear, and according to your day, so will be your strength. In conquering your own passions, you will find that all things will be clad in new beauty ; you will see lovely graces in your friends, and find ability to climb every rugged place; with gratitude for an access so easy to the heavenly kingdom. Now having chosen the best gift—a pure spirit,—may the angels of God guard, and guide you forever. Affectionately, Your Sister E. M.