Address to leaders, copied from a community record AN ADDRESS TO LEADERS COPIED FROM A COMMUNITY RECORD. We find that office is a very dangerous place ; persons are so liable to grow arbitrary and oppressive, jealous of opposition, disturbed if folks say a word against their proceedings, irritated by parties who watch for their infirmities and defects. I warn you not to think of yourselves as officers in the usual sense. Christ said his officers should be ministers and servants. That is the only true conception of your function. If you have any other conception than that, you will be a center of attraction for devils. Christ said to his disciples, 'Ye know that they which are accounted to rule over the Gentiles exercise lordship over them, and their great ones exercise authority upon them. But so shall it not be among you; but whosoever will be great among you shall be your minister, and whosoever of you will be the chiefest shall be servant of all.' That was the principle on which our early leaders started, and we must keep it bright. It must be understood that we have no officers in the usual sense. It must be understood that a true officer is the first to set an example of humility and service—the first to submit to criticism—the first to want to know his faults that he may be cured of them. There is a spiritualistic truth of very great importance concerned in this mat THE SHAKER 113 ter, at which I have already hinted, and that is, that a leading position has a peculiar power for attracting evil spirits. There is the danger. Even the lowest in office, if they are not wide-awake, will find bad spirits stealing into them which will make them arbitrary and jealous of any interference with their proceedings. The spirit of diotrephiasis, the spirit which we call officiality, the spirit of lordship and arbitrary power, the spirit of embezzlement, self-seeking and selfindulgence, and many other bad spirits, gather to office as flies to a honey-pot; and you must be aware of the danger. The moral question, What is right and wrong? is even less important than the spiritual question, What will attract good or evil spirits ? Overcome evil with good. That is the motto for leaders. Perhaps persons are watching you with an evil eye, ready to find fault with your official management ; if you are conscious of doing right never mind ; wait and watch, and trust God to justify you. He will do it. Trust him tq take care of your reputation, and don't quarrel with folks about it. Set it before you as your ambition to govern by grace and not by law, and study Paul to find out how to do it. Renounce all compulsion, all governing by crushing people. Keep yourselves child-like and simple, loving and merciful. If you do that, you will be just the officers the heavens want, and they will take care of you and save you from evil spirits on the one hand, and evileyed criticism on the other. Am. Socialist