THE FUTURE ELDER F. W. EVANS From correspondence of E. J. Meigs, of Washington, D. C. with the Shakers at Canterbury, N. H. we make quotations. After a visit to Canterbury, he writes : 'I saw that a Community may be so constituted as to absolutely secure material well being to every one of its members. In the social organization called the State, how few of its constituents, in comparison to the mass, enjoy the blessings of adequate food, raiment and shelter! In Washington, fast becoming the most pleasant city on the continent, a large majority of its people suffer the keenest misery from unavoidable cold and hunger, while no Shaker is destitute of fuel, food or clothing. In the State, the life, liberty and property of its members are secured by enormous perpetual exertion and expenditure of never ending contributions that leave the mass in utter destitution, victims of ignorance and disease, with no refuge but death.' Here, the practical results of the two systems are contrasted. The 'Shaker system' presents some sixty companies of human beings, located in different states, in possession of present and prospective necessary comforts of life for all. The State, not only fails to do this, but allows the minority to accumulate and hold property so far beyond their normal wants, that vices, detrimental to all classes, are engendered by its possession. Does not this condition of things evince ignorance, on the part of the non-possessors, and wickedness on the part of all who assent and submit to the operation of such principles? The Slave, who assents to the principle of slavery, is as wicked as the slave-holder. And the man, who votes—consents— to appoint to Office, men, to the exclusion of women, or the rich and the learned, to the exclusion of men fit to sit on a jury, is an unconverted man, unconverted to the eternal law of right, truth and virtue—he is not an American—does not understand the principles underlying the Declaration of American Freedom. Let true Americans blow the Jubilee trumpet, asserting Human Rights, irrespective of existing vested rights, declare the Law of God, of Nature, of Humanity, that each Child, legally begotten, has a right to be born, that each child, legally born, has a right to life, and all which that right implies. Declare, in tones of thunder, and embody it THE .SHAKBE in Law, that no man and woman shall bring into existence another human being, to be a constituent member of the State, without consent of the State by duly appointed Committee composed of select men and women of the town where they reside, under the pen' alty of extinction, in the parents, of the pow' er to repeat the offence, and in the offspring' if allowed to survive, of the procreative power. Present forms of death penalty might then be abolished, the reproduction of criminals, by criminals, being rendered impossible. The American Revolution caused changes of property relations between England and America. Why may there not be other changes? 'Vote yourself a farm,' was the cry, forty years ago, of a few unselfish men. The property holders were terribly alarmed, but the result was, Freedom of public lands, Homesteads, and the Abolition of Slavery. If the people can vote themselves homes, they can vote homes for all the tramps and poor in the land. Who shall limit the Sovereign People in their power to do good? Let Right and Power coalesce and Vox PopvM be Vox Dei' Voters can depopulate the Cities, spread the people over the broad acres in the country, dissolve Poorhouses, State Prisons and all penal institutions. Have Quakers need of these inventions of ungodly men? Do they have, or patronize, Army or Navy, take oaths, pay tithes, preach or sing for hire? They have no tramps, no paupers. With them, marriage and children are not haphazard affairs, but subjects of legislation by duly appointed committees of male and female wisdom. No criminals, for they have no poor. No poor, for children are not begotten unintentionally, nor without permission. They are birthright members. Nor has this been done in a corner. Prove all things, hold fast the good—adopt the true of all peoples, and denominations, Christians, Mahometans, Jews, Pagans, Infidels, even if it lead to the endorsement of their true principles. Orthodoxy begins with belief, dogma—I quote from Agent's Journal. 'There is, in the whole dark catalogue of crime, sin and disobedience, but one that God will not, in a twinkling, forever forgive and forget, to wit—rejecting salvation through Christ.' What is this terrible crime, rejecting Christ, or rather Jesus? I confess I do not know. 'Willfully rejecting Christ is the most criminally guilty act that ever stained and blemished a human soul.' 'Not for a perverse life, mingled with darkening crimes and deeds of infamy, is it, that the soul is to be subjected to eternal death,' but because it does not believe some abstract tenet, that makes a fool, for superstition's sake, of the person believing it? Is not this simply horrible? Does not this irrational theology underlie the putrefaction of our state morals? Let us begin with fruits, rejecting all theologies that do not make men and women cease inflicting hunger, cold, nakedness and war, creating Doctor-craft, Lawyer-craft, Priestcraft, rich, and poor landless human beings. For the present distress, put Quaker Men into the House, and Quaker Women into the Senate, until a class of intellectual celibates come up, who rise above propagation altogether, to relieve the husbands and wives, that they may go home and attend to raising the best types of humanity they are capable of propagating. 'Land is absolutely the heritage of the human race—the gift of Clod to man. The State is, at present, so constituted as to be incapable of preventing its monopoly by the few, whose exclusive right it is even pledged to maintain. 'Is this state of things to be perpetuated? God forbid',—and Let Man forbid. 'The race is waiting for deliverance. Where is it to come from? By community of property?' Not at all, but by two Orders, a Spiritual, having Community of goods, and a Natural, having a system of Co-operation, under which the land is held for the lives of the people, and the products of labor as the property of all, so far as life and life necessaries are involved. When the Natural Order settles it, that each member of the State must live comfortably, it will be settled that the State shall settle who and how many shall become members of the State. The Spiritual Order does now determine who and how many shall become members of Communities. These primaries being admitted, the combined wisM .AJSrrF'ICSTO. 1O71 1O8 THE SHAKBE dom of man and woman, under God and Nature, will soon devise laws, rules and regulations to render such primaries practical. The Truth being born, its father and mother will soon learn how to care for it. Mbigs' Correspondence Concluded. 'May not men and women marry and hope, in that state, to enjoy the profound prosperity and tranquility of Shaker Villages? If not, why not?' This is the point at issue between Shakers and generating communities. I answer, Nay. Except a man forsake all he hath as a generative man, he cannot become a true Community member. When a man and woman becomes husband and wife, they found a little State—the State in its germinal form. It is all the world to them, and all the world they want. Having raised children, acquired property and gone the length of their chain, they seek association. They may co-operate with other propagating families, for protection, for working land by machinery, build and operate factories, organize Government, by becoming members of it, subject to its laws— may thus enjoy, in their order, the necessaries and comforts of life. In concluding his first letter, Friend Meigs says, Elder Evans, in Manifesto No. 1. says :—'I want to see the redemption of the stomach, the redemption of the land and the redemption of the creative forces of men and women.' He continues—'On the first of these points, he has shown us the way, but the other two redemptions are waiting to be dealt with. I am not without hope we shall hear from him, in an early No. of your beautiful little Magazine, how the land is to be redeemed from the curses of mal-appropriatio.n, and how deftly he will put the creative forces on their best behavior, for I do verily believe he is not far from the Kingdom of God. 'It is also suggested by Elder F. W. E., in his 'Shaker System,' that inalienable homesteads maybe reasonably hoped for and would make a vantage ground fruitful of other ameliorations—I have received the Randolph Lecture, 'Pure vs. adulterated Christianity,' and 'Oriental Spiritualism' tracts. The advice of Mother Ann, to give little heed to familiar spirits, who, while really of the world, stand behind a screen and delight in much speaking, etc. is, to my understanding, practically valuable and well put. 'The whole is exceedingly curious, and I would fain know whether you all trust those things implicitly.' We do not 'trust those things implicitly.' Neither the Bible, nor Spiritualism is, to us, authority for truth We must see it for ourselves. If the Almighty comes to us as a teacher, He, above all others, should be plain to our understanding, consistent with our reason. Will not the Judge of all the earth do right—act rationally? Land Redemption. I suggest that Land limitation be one of the first steps. Fix a limit to the quantity of land one person may hereafter own. Death will do the rest, and no disturbance will ensue. When a landlord dies, compel the heirs to divide and sell all beyond the legal limit. All parties will be satisfied, because all will be benefited. Death and time would abolish land monopoly, as they abolished Slavery in the State of New York, half a century ago. Marriage should be restricted to the production of offspring. No unfruitful works of darkness. And the whole matter be subjected to law as above stated. Inalienable homesteads and the abolition of all laws for the collection of debts can, at once, become accomplished facts. 'Elder Evans' outgivings are I think, entitled to deliberate consideration. 'Under a natural law of evolution,' he says, 'hitherto overlooked, disregarded or ruinously vio- lated, when a people have progressed beyond a patriarchal family relation, they should develop a class of intellectual celibates, who do not marry individually, but who marry the State. 'I understand him to mean this class of intellectual celibates.should shoulder the cares of State, to the exclusion of Congress, President, Courts and all that paraphernalia, leaving the other class of husbands and wives, to the care of their families, they not assuming to care for, or rule the national family. But how is this class to be assembled? By whom are the cares of state to be devolved upon them? Not, I suppose by the husbands and wives ; they are to have no voice in the election of their rulers, or share in celebratingthe nuptials between those celibates and the M^JsrrexE sto . THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 1O9 State. How is this to be explained to American educated people, who from Magna Charta down to the last constitution in the Union, have had voice, if not a vote?' Friend Meigs has not quite caught my meaning. Leaving the governmental machinery as it is, I would have the whole population, male and female, vote Quaker men into the House and Quaker women into the Senate, to occupy until supplanted by celibate rulers exclusively devoted to intellectual and moral pursuits. Redemption of the stomach would prevent the generation of Pagan plagues and Christ- ian diseases. Supervision of procreation, forestall the inherited ills that flesh is heir to. And property redemption, would save from property evils and the causes of war. The present checks upon population, perverted generation, pestilence and war, being gone, population would rapidly increase ; but wisdom, holding the helm of state, fostering celibacy as a virtue—the highest form of evolution—the celibate rulers would limit the population to the quantity of land and the re- sources of food in the national kitchen. A Seer, a Reformer, may announce an abstract principle, and predict the result when carried out; as does John the Revelator, who proclaimed the passing away of the 'former earth and heavens,' and the substitution of a new earth in which right ruled; and a new heaven, so spiritually true, that there was in it neither pain, sorrow, nor sighing, and all tears were wiped away by the hand of love. Yet, neither John nor any spirit can give the minutiae of means to effect results. The workers only can do this, and they, not by a cut and dried formula, but by the living spirit erf wisdom, like the soul in the body. By the Spirit, will the temple of God of humanity be built. We hope for a national religious revival—rational and scientific—creating individual characters, fitting each person for ei- ther the new earthly, or the new heavenly Order. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.