OUR SOCIAL RELATIONS O. C. HAMPTON Perhaps it may appear reasonable tosome persons, that mankind should be good merely for the abstract, intrinsic value of goodness in itself; and consequently in the pursuit of it, we should not confer with any motives looking to the securing of our own happiness, considering this would be directly selfish. This argument seems plausible to THIS SHAKER 139 some minds. To others, however, it seems to have no foundation in common sense but an insane attempt to stand upon nothing. We once asked one oi these transcendental persons this ques- tion : Suppose you loved God or good, with all the unselfish noble disinterestedness attainable, and he should decide to consign you,—soul and body—to a burning hell fire forever ; do you think you could have so much devotion and love for Him and so little reference to your own happiness, as to go on loving God for his own sake, and good for its own sake, the same, as if your devotion and love ultimated in your own eternal blessing and happiness?* This brought him at once face to face with the extreme results of his own theory, and he paused for a time as if undecided, whether to take the fearful leap over the precipice of insane attachment to his creed, or risk his condemnation by desiring his own happiness. But he deliberated not long. Insanity was more than a match for him—his creed was inexorable and over he went. If social relations could possibly be built upon such foundational theories as this, they would be worth nothing when obtained. Neither would they add one atom to the sum of human weal, albeit they might add infinitely to the woe thereof. But near of kin to this error, is another, which is this, that the soul's progress to higher perfections necessitates an everlasting increase of cross, more and more painful conditions of d'scipline as we go farther and farther Heavenward forever. * This, to us, appears to beg the question, for, such a decision and consignment, without just cause could not, possibly proceed from a good source, it is contrary to the nature of goodness-----Editor. This doctrine is another Calvinistic abomination annihilating every bit of the light, peace, and freedom legitimately belonging to the gospel scheme. Besides it is a superstitious error, and that is the least of its bad qualities. It represses ardor, extinguishes hope and kindles the flames of a hell of a suicidal despair. Persons who are brought conscientiously to believe in such gloomy doctrines, must necessarily become gloomy, disconsolate and unable to minister comfort and contentment of mind, to those around them. These tenets for this reason are poor material (nay, worse than none,) out of which to evolve the warm magnetism of the social state. The best argument against them however is to be found in the invaluable archives of experience. And though it would be easy to deduce their falsity from the very bedrock of reason and common sense, yet absolutely impregnable proofs are to be afforded from a gospel experience and progress, to higher and holier conditions ; and these proofs are within the daily, practical reach, all the time. We have been more than half a century laboring, and earnestly reaching, after greater perfection in practical purity and personal righteousness. Over every single one of those years have been able to look back and notice an unmistakable improvement, both as to fitness for the comforts and joys of communistic life, and also in individual goodness. Each one of these years, have some of the low rudimentalisms of our natures been swept from the path of existence, never more to return. And with these have gone all the painful discipline neo- MA.TNTXF'ICSTO. 13O essary to enable us to slough them off. Each one of these years, after we had plowed, sowed and reaped the harvest of the year's labor, we have, uniformly found more good wheat and less tares ; and have rejoiced therein more, and suffered less than the previous one. Throughout all these years we have diminished the necessities for bondage, and opened wider the fair vista of freedom which of late years seems to stretch away into the almost infinite 'Liberty of the sons (and daughters) of God.!' Where now are those feelings of painful pressure and severe discipline of self, which we felt absolutely indispensable in earlier experience, to subdue the lower elements and produce material fit for the growth of the higher, elements of life ; together with the days and nights of trials, temptations and tears? 'Gone, all,—to mingle with the years beyond the flood.' And though the ghosts of the sorrows of yore, stalk silently in the dim and distant galleries of memory, yet they only bring up by contrast, a feeling of more serene peace and security ; like unto the mariner, who, for years tossed on the billows of the ocean, is at last safely moored within harbor, hearing, only the distant boom of the terrible tempest. Even external confidence has been gradually developed in others, with whom we hold responsible relations, who might be easily excused for not being able to trust our inexperience, when we could not trust it ourselves. Union Village, 0.