FARM and GARDEN Signs of a prosperous farmer Signs of A Prosperous Farmer.—When you see his barn larger than his house, it shows that he will have large profits and small afflictions. When you see him driving his work, instead of his work driving him, it shows that he will never be driven from good resolutions, and that he will certainly work his way to prosperity. When you always see in his wood-house a sufficiency for three months or more, it shows that he will be more than a ninety days wonder in farming operations, and that he is not sleeping in his house after a drunken frolic. When he has a house separate from the main building, purposely for ashes, and an iron or tin vessel to transport them, it shows that he never built his dwelling to be a funeral pile for his family, and perhaps for himself. When his sleigh is housed in summer, and his farming implements covered both winter and summer, it plainly shows that he will have a good house over his head in the summer of early life, and the winter of old age. Sudden changes in the weather... Sudden changes in the weather are very trying to poultry, and no poultry-keeper is up to his business who does not keep a few remedies at hand to promptly meet any indisposition. Simple remedies are generally sufficient, if used at the first appearance of trouble. Sulphur, charcoal, and cayenne given in soft food, will generally restore them, but in the case a distinct disease appears, remove the affected bird for special treatment. A tablespoonful of guano... A tablespoonful of guano, dissolved in one gallon of warm water, and used twice a week, or every fourth day, is also an excellent stimulant for all kinds of plants. Liquid fertilizer, made from horse or cow manure, is equally good; but care must be taken not to use it in too strong doses, as it will burn up the tender rootlets and kill the plants. Give us a breed of walking horses &gt;Give Us a Breed of Walking Horses. What use are fast horses to farmers? Can they put them to work in the plow, harrow, cultivator, roller, reaping-machine, cart, or wagon? No, A storm might arise and the whole crop of hay be ruined, if they had to depend on 2: 40 horses to haul it in. There is but one use that we can see that a farmer might put them to,—sending for a doctor; but as farmers have very little occasion for this professional gentleman, and never get very sick, a slower and surer horse will answer better. Why, then, parade these horses at the head of the lists at agricultural fairs, and give them the biggest premiums? No wonder our practical farmers complain of this, while there is no premium at all for walking horses, which are a thousand times more useful,—we mean to the farmer, and for general agricultural and industrial purposes. Thoroughbred horses have their uses, and we do not de^re to utter a word against them, but many good words in their favor. They, however, must fill their own places, and work-horses theirs ; and neither should be advocated to the exclusion of the other. Both should be recognized according to their value. Germantown Telegraph Mr. Mechi, the famous scientific farmer of England, estimates that... Mr. Mechi, the famous scientific farmer of England, estimates that fifteen hundred sheep folded on an acre of land for tyventyfour hours, or one hundred sheep for fifteen days, would manure the soil sufficiently to carry it through a four-years rotation.