INDIANS. No. 4 JAMES S. PRESCOTT When human rights are invaded it moves to action the discordant elements of human society and arouses the combative principle; and when these gain the ascendancy over the moral and spiritual faculties, they lead to 'bruteforce,' which terminates in war and bloodshed. All wars are antichrist and demoralizing to the morals of the people ; and those nations which engage in wars, calling themselves Christian are against Christ, and nearly two thousand years behind the age. It is said on good authority that within the last seventy five years the United States have expended more than a thousand millions of dollars, besides sacrificing thousands of human lives in carrying on wars with the Indians. If we look into the cause of these vast expenditures and sacrifice of lives, we shall find that all wars originate from the violation of human rights, in one form, or another, and sometimes on both sides, these choosing rather to settle their difficulties with the sword than by peaceful arbitration. What was it that brought on the war of the American Revolution? It was the violation of human rights. It was 'taxation without representation.' And what was that but an invasion of human rights? What was it that brought on the war with England in 1812? It was the violation of human rights—the law of 'free trade, and sailors' rights.' What was it that brought on the war with Mexico ? It was the violation of the international law of human rights. What was it that brought on the Florida war ? It was the invasion of human rights. What was it that brought on the 'civil war' between the North and South in the U. S. ? It was the violation of human rights, caused by holding four millions of human beings in oppression under a free govern 133 ment, and not allowing them any rights before the law whereby they could gc redress for their grievances. What was it that brought on the war with the Indians on our western borders? It was caused by robbing them of their jus rights ; by punishing the innocent and letting the guilty white man go free and this kind of vicarious atonement wil never apply to the Indians, without pro- voking hostilities, because of its gros injustice. The Indian believes that 'he that doeth wrong ought to suffer for the wrong he doeth,' whether he be a white man or an Indian ; and we cannot see why the Indian is not right in his con elusions. The same cause brought on all the Indian wars for the last two hundred years. It was, in not giving them equal rights before the law, whereby they could get redress for their grievances. When solemn treaties are made and entered into with the Indians, the same as with civilized nations, and ratified by the highest authority in the U. S. government; and then treating them as outlaws and vagabonds, having no rights; hunted, and shot down, as wild beasts of prey, we say it is an outrage upon humanity and a disgrace to our civilization. The law of human rights is not only invaded but has been grossly violated on the part of the U. S. agency or by irresponsible persons connected with it in dealing with the Indians. This is proved from official documents iv. the 'Reports of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.' We believe however, that there are some honorable exceptions in the U. S« agency. It would not be creditable noj' complimentary to our nation, to say, that out of forty millions of people in the U. S. there were not some honest and honorable men employed in the Indian agency. We believe there are many, and espe- cially so, was Gen. Grant's Quaker Agency. But, it must be admitted, that in the best of families a black sheep is sometimes found ; or having 'black legs' at least, even as among the twelve elected ones, there was one Judas ; but this did not make them all dishonest. When the first founders of the American Republic openly avowed and publicly declared before the world, 'that all men were created equal, and endowed with certain inalienable rights among which were life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,' we believe they were inspired to pen that document, and they were honest, and earnest in their declaration, and that it was intended to be just as applicable to the African, and to the Indian of the forest, as it was to the venerable Fathers themselves, who gave utterance to such noble sentiments. All men means all races, colors, and peoples ; red, copper, black, and white, and the Indians were included in this equality. Hence in denying the Indian this equal- ity before the law, is a flagrant violation of human rights. North Union, Ohio.