Christ in the order of Male and Female ELDER F. W. EVANS The question may be asked : If Christ be the Son of God, the second Adam, the Lord from heaven, of whom the first Adam was a figure,—Where is the second Eve, the Bride? Answer : It is according to the figure when 'their name was called Adam,' before the woman was separated. So was the Christ when they first descended in the form of a dove from heaven, and lighted upon Jesus. To this important fact we have the clear testimony of Christ's witness,— John,—who says 'Ye yourselves bear me witness, that I said, I am not the Christ; but that I am sent before him, to bear witness of him;' adding, 'He that hath the Bride is the Bridegroom. But the friend of the Bridegroom, who standeth and heareth him, rejoiceth greatly because of the Bridegroom's voice. This my joy therefore is fulfilled. He must increase ; but I must decrease. He that cometh from above is above all.' (John ill. 28, 29.) Did Jesus come from above? Nay! 'He was made of a woman ;' 'made under the law,'—born in a stable. uHe' (Jesus) 'that is of the earth, is earthy; and speaketh of the earth.' uHe' (Christ) 'that cometh from heaven is above all; and what he hath seen and heard, that he testifieth ;' as he said, 'I proceeded forth and came from God.' (John viii. 42.) Here, then, we have the testimony of John, that this wras the Christ, the Bridegroom; and that the Bride was with him. He already '•'•hath the Bride;' -which Bride had yet to be manifested in a chosen vessel of her own order,—a female whom God would, in the time appointed, prepare and raise up for that very purpose. This would be the second appearing of Christ; and this is the reason why there must of necessity be a second appearing. The first Adam made his second appearing in Eve, the mother of all living. The second Adam must needs do the same, by appearing the second time in a second Eve, the Mother of all living in the new creation ; or evidently the figure would not be fulfilled. And, like as there was no natural offspring, until after the appearance of the first Eve ; so neither could there be any spiritual offspring, or true Christians, 'sons and daughters of God,' until after the appearing of the second Eve, in and through a natural woman, even as the first appearing of Christ was in and through a natural man. Therefore it is our province to testify to mankind, that Christ has made 'his second appearance,' in and, through the female order, 'without sin unto salvation, to those who look for him,' as assuredly as he ever made his first appearance in and through the male order eighteen centuries ago. And, in so doing, we explain why the primitive Christians only saw things 'as through a glass darkly,' 'knew but in part,' and could only prophesy of the 138 THE SHAKER MAJNTOTESTO. other 'part' :—why they cried 'Abba, Father,' by the spirit of adoption only, and not as real sons and daughters :—¦ [they, being only 'a kind of first fruits,' were 'groaning within themselves, and waiting for the manifestation of the sons (and daughters) of God,' in the future :] —and why all the doctrines of real Christianity, revealed in that day, have been either perverted, entirely lost sight of, or are rendered of none effect, as to the salvation of the soul from sin, or of the body from physical suffering, by antichristian traditions and commentaries. Also, we render an intelligent reason, even to the Materialist, as to why there had to be two appearings of Christ at all, and we show how, and in what way and manner, these two appearings could and have taken place. We say, if the people called Shakers do not exhibit and show forth, with an increase, before all men, the faith, spirit, doctrines, and principles of the primitive Church, together with power over evil, (in their own souls,)let that decide the whole question. But if they do give incontrovertible evidence of living in possession of all these spiritual gifts and graces, and also of having that love one to another which puts beyond a doubt their relationship to 'the Author and' now the Finisher' of the true and pure Christian faith, (by which love, he foretold that all men would be enabled to 'know' his disciples in his second appearing;) then, notwithstanding the words and arguments which we set before you, if ye believe not that Christ has made his second ap- pearance, yet, we still ask you to believe us for the very 'works' sake.' If Christ has come, but has done no works that evidence the fact of his coming to the children of men, then they do not sin in not believing and receiving him. But, if he has done the works, (in and by his people,) which no other man ever did, then is there 'no cloak' for those who see and know it, for not closing in with and obeying the greatest manifestation of truth that has ever been made upon the earth. We close, with feelings of love and kindness towards all our fellow-creatures, however much they may differ from us in works, or upon this or any other subject; being confident, that time, and the inevitable course of events, will clearly and satisfactorily demonstrate the entire truth of the above testimony. And that Holy and Eternal Mother Love, will yet be fully revealed and made known to all rational, intelligent souls, whether in or out of their mortal bodies ; and also, that then will the firstborn Daughter,—'Love,' the Heavenly Mother of the new creation of God,— the spiritual order, be 'justified of all her children' in Zion, who, by words and works, have borne faithful witness to her existence and appearance, to redeem the lost sons and daughters of earth. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.