ANN LEE Her work, her People, and their Critics Fourth Paper. It is not possible at this late day, to know precisely what were the inducements, that attracted Mother Ann and her faithful few to the wild, swampy district of Watervliet, where now stands the beautiful Church Family ; and we are left to conjecture that the reasons were, preferences of seclusion, to the THE SECAJKIDR MLAJSTIFVIDSTO. 139 continual embarrassments of persecution and imprisonment. It is certain, however, that no spot within an area of miles would better answer the description given their location— 'a dark and dreary wilderness.' A few acres were secured by John Hocknell, and a log house erected, about three hundred rods North of the present Center family, and in this they lived for three and a half years; and herein, and contiguous to it, they held their very solemn meetings, which soon created intense excitement, calling out many investigators. It was at this place, that, the company being too great for the limits of the house, that Mother Ann addressed the people from the doorway, saying: 'We have but little room in our house, but we have a great deal of room in our hearts.' In the year 1779 a deeply religious revival was enacted at New Lebanon, N. Y. among the Baptists, under the leadership of Joseph Meacham. Of its being a revival of the real Christian religion, in distinction to the bubbling so-called revivals of later times, it may be stated, that it led to an earnest looking after, and preparation for the Second Coming of Christ; which preparation caused them to change their lives as far ns they could, conformably to the life of Jesus; and did not result, as commonly in these days, in an increase of marriages commensurate with the zeal of the revival spirit. As before stated, exciting rumors had gone abroad, concerning Mother Ann and her peculiar faith and testimony, some of these ru. mors being construed into deadly ridicule and hate, others, prompting investigation. Having held his Church under the baptism of the revival spirit, as long as he coiild without assistance, and looking around for relief, Elder Meacham, hearing ofthe strange people forty miles distant, despatched messengers of inquiry, who returned with the most glowing accounts of what they had seen, heard and felt, and demonstrating to their people that 'these people are from God, having the very gospel of Christ for which we have been waiting.' Then, in the spring of 1780, did the gospel, now known as Shakerism, open in earnest. Very many members of the Churches of New Lebanon, N. Y. and Hancock, Mass, visited Watervliet, heard the testimony of Mother Ann, to return converts to the faith, that 'Christ had verily made the second advent in and through the testimony of this woman Ann Lee!' Among the rest, came Joseph Meacham himself. He was a man of the sterner kind of material; not easily moved without just reasons ; and until he had completely exhausted his batteries of opposition, he was determined not to believe. It is stated, that having met and answered every other question of Meacham's, that of her being a woman and a teacher finally came up for adjustment, Elder Meacham putting the question in all' bluntness : 'What right have you, a woman, to teacli or to preach, when the scripture plainly forbids it?' With that readiness of reply for which Mother Ann was notable, she simply answered: 'When the man (Jesus) is gone, then the woman (Ann) has her right!' This ended all controversy on Elder Meacham's part—was 'the feather that broke his camel's back'—and he immediately submitted himself to her instructions as simply as a little child, returned to his people with the Shaker Cross, upon which he first crucified him- self unto the world, and ever afterward held it up as the hope of the nations, and to his own people in particular. Mother Ann termed him her 'first-born son in America,' and well did he merit the honor. It became necessary, in consequence of the multiplicity of inquirers to Watervliet, that some extra provisions should now and then be made, for the sustenance of 'the little flock;' and these were variously sent by those journeying thither for counsel and instruction. The country being in the midst of its war for Independence, occasions were sought by those inimical to the faith, to arouse public indignation. And it was while David Darrow was on his way from Lebanon to Watervliet, driving a flock of sheep as a donation to the founders of the faith, that he was followed by evil men, arrested, taken back to Lebanon on a charge of treason, and was from there sent to Albany with Joseph Meacham, under guard, to be there tried by commissioners for the great offense of treason. His sheep they stole, dividing them among themselves. 14O THIS SHAKER Being arraigned, they were required to make such promises as were inconsistent with their faith, and they utterly refused to do so. They, together with John Hocknell, were cast into prison; and soon after Hczekiah Hammond, Joel Pratt, then Mother Ann' Mary Partington, William Lee, James Whittaker and Calvin Harlow were arrested for the same cause, and kept, them company in incarceration. Those Believers that were not arrested, were allowed communication with those in prison, and to bring many comforts for their bodily sustenance; and it is our high honor to add, that every kindness that could he accepted by them, was amply tendered by the citizens of Albany, N. Y., an,l their descendants have never unto this day, learned to be unkind to us, the people called Shakers ! It is remarkable, too, that while they were in bonds, they were visited by many, who there became converts to the new faith, confessed their sins, frequently in the midst of a crowd; and otherwise did the faith grow, in direct opposition to the calculations of its enemies who had thus deeply planned its obliteration. Soon, however, Mother Ann and Mary Partington were separated from the rest, taken to Ponghkeepsie, N. Y., it being the intention of their persecutors to banish them to the British army then lying at New York. Being foiled in this, they remained in prison, until Gov. George Clinton, getting information of the outrage of imprisoning these par. ties for conscience' sake, when the country was fighting for freedom of conscience, he speedily released them all, when with the greatest joy, they returned to their swampy home, where they were visited by large numbers from several of the eastern states, many of whom became converts. To those who would read of the swampy eurroundings of this settlement in Watervliet, at that and a later date, we refer them to The Shaker for June, 1877. Today, these swamps are nowhere to be seen ; but instead, fertile fields occupy their places. During the great advent of Spiritualism among us, between the years 1837 and 1841 John Rogers of martyr fame, came to our people and sung the following hymn, which he asserted he, in company with one hundred other spirits had sung on the spot where the Church now stands, more than fifty years before : the hymn was used for many years afterward, in our celebrations upon the 6th of August: 'Come, lovely eagle, Liberty, and free Columbia's shore; Break loose the bands that bind her, to old England's power. For lo! a bright star has arisen in England, But severe persecution shall cause it to flee To Columbia's siiore for protection. May God, in his wisdom hasten thy flight, Oh, lovely eagle, Liberty! Come to Wisdom's Valley;* This is the place prepared for thee; Though, now a dark and dreary wilderness, Yet it shall become a fruitful field. Come pretty Mother—come pretty mother— We wait for thy coming—we invite thee to come!' * The spiritual name that Watervliet was christened with at the great influx of Spiritualism before alluded to. *