The Shaker Manifesto:--The Preaching of Songs In nothing, is the mere sentimental, or the really practical of religion more clearly demonstrated, than in the tone or embodiment of hymns and songs. Those denominations that are indifferent to good ivories, unless they are accompanied by a peculiar faith; which, relying on the good physician to take the medicine that the patients may get well, find a redundance of mere sentimentalism in such versifications as begin : 'Jesus paid it all—all the debt I owe; 'Nothing—neither great nor small— 'Remains for me to do;' as also, in 'There is a fountain filled with blood,' drawn from the veins of somebody else ! In the pretty, much-used hymn, 'Jesus, lover of my soul,' we have excellent evidences delineated, by the faith of grateful, but impractical, helpless and lazy sinners ; while in 'Nearer my God to thee' we have evidences of a generous leaning toward something to be done, in order to accomplish the nearness, 'e'en though it be by a cross.' m: AisrrEHESTO. 143 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. We have been singularly moved, while reflecting that the practical sentiments expressed in the little song : 'Must Jesus bear the cross alone, 'And all the world go free? 'Nay, there's a cross for every one, 'And there's a cross for me;' are sung with as much zeal, by the same denominations, using the first named! Looking through a score of 'hymnals' and 'gospel song' books, we found much to admire—much beautiful sentiment to which we paid willing tributes of admiration—but a predominance remained of the merely grateful, indolent, lazy sentiment—grateful that some one- Jesus—was going to do the salvation, while the holders of such a belief were to be the saved ! The sentiments of many hymns and songs are pretty, but ignis fatuus like, misleading and dangerous ; having little else to recommend them than a pleasant tune, and meaningless, devotional sentimentalism. In such songs, the consecrated, life-element of the ivorher for Jesus—the imitator of Jesus' life—is wanting ; and without this practical element, in becoming in deeds, a follower of the life of Jesus, there is, even in the beautiful eulogies expressed for him, much that is as useless and dry as dust. While we can join, with much unction, in songs of praise to God for the knowledge of the way of salvation, and of Jesus who first taught and lived this salvation, we realize how meaner than lip service it is, to sing in praise of a life we will not magnify except in songwill not live its precepts and practices— but in our hearts despise all thoughts of the copy, and scorn the company ol those who choose to live as Jesus did ! Turning from much sickly sentimentality in song, we commend for criticism and study, the practical sentiments of Shaker hymns and songs. In them will be found a working ardor, a practical religion, of which all professedly Christian people should be possessed. No idolatrous bowing and bending to a person ; but a constant adoration of principles, that mean all the time, casting off the bad, and putting on good life. Many of our home songs are fully as plain, more so, in sentiment, as they are beautiful in tune ; and they mean much more for Christian life than merely pleas- ing the ear ! But many of our later hymns can be reached by multitudes ; and we challenge the Churches for better, practical following of the Master, than is found sung out by our singing pilgrims, living under the continual crosses imposed by genuine Christianity. We name first, u The Christian Pilgrim''1—no hiding behind an 'atonement' in it—no 'faltering' to please a carnal mind. In ilFaith in God,' and il-Power of Faith' we get ideas of -a faith, that means works all the time—one that requires active efforts and a clean, pure heart. We would call particular attention to 'Resurrection'—a beauty—every line of which is filled with a progressive theology and living religion. We quote : 'Dying daily, 'tis the conscious evolution of the soul, !'In a life of endless progress, as the ages onward roll; 'Dying, just as seasons changing, leave the forms tliat pass away, 'Higher life, new growth unfolding, smites the old with sure decay.' and so on for several stanzas, and all, most beautifully practical. As a call to duty, true theology and pure religion, what can excel 'Spirit Voices?' 'Season of Devotion' is delightfully instructive ; so is LLOver the River.' What can bring us into practical sympathy with Jesus more than '' Christ's Sufferings?' and when, having made the prac143 144 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. tical of all good sentiments ours, by a clean, self-denying life, like unto Jesusthe best worship imaginable—what can exceed the beauty of 'My Savior?' We particularly refer to this last named, as worthy of xmiversal use. If there is a denomination that more clearly expresses practical Christianity in its songs and hymns, than does the Shaker Church, we want to know what denomination that is, that we may pay it our worshipful respects.