RATIONAL FUNERALS ELDER F. W. EVANS A year or two ago the American Soialist published an article upon 'Shakr Burials.' It has been going the rounds of the press ever since. A few weeks ago the New York Times had a cleverly-written burlesque of the same of two columns. Now the Pittsfield Eagle republishes the original article with some happy remarks. It says : 'The coffins of the Shakers are made of good pine timber, with neither paint nor veneering, vamish, glittering metal nor any ornamentation whatever about them. A pane of glass near the head of the coffin permits the friends to take a last look upon the face of the dead ; and the pall is a simple white cloth. The funeral discourse consists of a few kindly Avords for the good the departed had done, or of candid criticism of faults and weaknesses, that others might know how to avoid them. It would be a great relief to the poor and middle classes to have Shaker funerals become as popular as Shaker brooms and garden-seeds.' Generations avIio have drawn their sustenance from the earth should contribute at death to the support of those who follow after. Burial grounds should be converted into public parks; the graves twenty feet apart, at each grave a tree upon which the name of the deceased may be cut, as Virgil wrote ages ago: 'The rind of every tree a name shall know, And as the rind extends the name will grow.' Soon there would be splendid groves of valuable timber all through the nation, ornamental and sanitary, instead of the unsightly and wasteful common graveyards, or the extravagantly expensive cemeteries of Auburn and Greenwood. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. THE SHAKER 131 Two old grave-yards at Mt. Lebanon are planted with ti'ees, with head-stones removed. From an article published in the Sunday Sun Feb. 17, upon the Chibehas, a pre-historic people of South America, I quote : 'According to Ballart, the mass of the people were buried with their jewels, arms and food, in the open country, with no other sign but a tree to mark their grave.' Nothing new under the sun ; what is has been, and what has been will be reproduced. The trees were rational; the burial of treasures and sacrifice of friends irrational. From some of those cemeteries vast quantities of objects of gold and deer's horns have been taken. Near Bogota, 24,000 ducats' worth of gold was extracted at one time. In 1535, in the province of Carthagena, an immense number of burial-grounds were found, so ancient that tall trees were growing upon them, from which cemeteries the Spaniards are said to have realized a million ducats. Golden emeralds, medals, serpents, eagles, mitres and crosiers, crescents, bracelets, rings and beetle-shaped figures were found of the same metal. A golden porcupine, weighing five arambas and a half; also the image of a boy holding a stone for grinding music, all of gold. In a temple were found ingots, tiles, and figures of men, birds, serpents and insects, in fine gold. Look at these ancient, pre-historic evidences of national customs in the earlier ages of the human race. Schliemann is unearthing treasures of Eastern people buried with the dead. Recently he took $25,000 from one tomb, and altogether has made his immense labors pay. The loss to a nation with such irrational habits of burial is incalculable. Take ancient Egypt. The labors of her people, that were worse than wasted upon the dead, must have been sufficient to banish poverty from the whole nation. Her embalming of humans and animals was immensely expensive, enough so to have impoverished any other nation, not as rich as Egypt. Moses wisely reversed this whole national practice, and instead of embalming the dead made it a defilement to touch a dead body ; and instead of a grave being a place to visit, it was a place to be avoided. For forty years the Israelites were buried in the wilderness, and their bodies went to enrich the land that furnished them their manna. In an economical, rational point of view, simple Shaker burials, with the planting at each grave of a timber-tree as above suggested, would save millions of property, now lost, and add millions in valuable timber to each coming generation, as the result of adopting a system of Rational Burials. The doctrine of the resurrection of the body is the foundation of the honors paid to the body after the soul has left it. Spiritualism, which proves that the soul exists in spirit-life independent of the body, annihilates the doctrine of a physical resurrection. Shakers being Spiritualists repudiate the physical resurrection, and dispose of 'remains' in accordance with the idea of 'dust to dust;' hence their strictly Rational Funerals. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.