Selected Loving Friends Never cast aside your friends if by any possibility you can retain them. We are the weakest of spendthrifts if we let one drop off through inattention, or let one push away another, or if we hold aloof from one through petty jealousy or heedless slight or rough- ness. Would you throw away a diamond because it pricked you? One good friend is not to be weighed against the jewels of the earth. If there is coolness or unkindness between us let us come face to face and have it out. Quick, before the love grows cold! Life is too short to quarrel in, or to carry black thoughts of friends. It is easy to lose a friend, but a new one will not come for calling, nor make up for the old one. FACING ITS POSITIONS The New Jerusalem Messenger says : In a recent address made by Mr. Macrae, one of the Scotch 'heretics,' he uttered bold and radical expressions. Such men in the Old Church will certainly bring it face to face with its untenable positions. This Scotch man, and others like him, must break up the spiritual soil of mankind for new truth and new life. The following are Mr. Macrae's words : 'The real heretic is the Westminster Confession. It misrepresents the character of God, and a false view of the position and destiny of man naturally follows. Carried to its issue, it robs God of his goodness, his mercy, and his justice. It robs him even of his sovereignty 'The first necessity, in the present state of things, is that the present policy of evasion and concealment should be reversed, and the Church's real convictions be made known. The second is that her Confession should be squared with her actual faith. The third is that this should be done on grounds that would make her new creed a help and not a hindrance, and allow her henceforth to advance freely, as God shall guide, to the full knowledge, and proclamation, and practice of the truth.' A minister was riding through a section of the state of South Carolina... A minister was riding through a section of the State of South Carolina, where custom forbade innkeepers to take pay from the clergy who staid with them. The minister in question took supper without pra3'er, and ate breakfast without prayer or grace, and was about to take his departure when 'mine host' presented his bill. 'Ah, sir,' said he, 'I am a clergyman!' That may be,' responded Boniface; 'but you came here, smoked like a sinner, and ate and drank like a sinner, and slept like a sinner; and now, sir, you shall pay like a sinner.' SEEDS We are sowing, daily sowing. Countless seeds of good and ill. Scattered on the level lowland, Cast upon the windy hill; Seeds that sink in rich brown furrows, Soft with heaven's gracious rain; Seeds that rest upon the surface Of the dry, unyielding plain. Seeds that fall amid the stillness Of the lonely mountain glen; Seeds cast out in crowded places, Trodden under foot of men ; Seeds by idle hearts forgotten, Flung at random on the air; Seeds by faithful souls remembered, Sown in tears and love and prayer. Seeds that lie unchanged, unquickened, Lifeless on the teeming mold ; Seeds that live and grow and flourish When the sower's hand is cold; By a whisper sow we blessings, By a breath we scatter strife ; In our words and looks and actions Lie the seeds of death and life. Thou who knowest all our weakness, Leave us not to sow alone ! Bid thine angels guard the furrows Where the precious grain is sown, Till the fields are crowned with glory, Pilled with mellow, ripened ears— Filled with fruit of life eternal From the seed we sowed in tears. Check the froward thoughts and passions, Stay the hasty, heedless hands, Lest the germs of sin and sorrow Mar our fair and pleasant lands. Father, help each weak endeavor, Make each faithful effort blessed, Till Thine harvest shall be garnered, And we enter into rest. Arabian Maxims The little which suffices is better than the much which disturbs us. The best possession is a sincere friend. The eulogium made on the absent, serves to incline our hearts to the present. The best of riches is contentment, the worst of poverty is low spirits. Labor for this life as if thou wert to live forever; and for the other, as if thou wert to die to-morrow. Desire not either the wise man or the fool for thine enemy, but guard thyself equally from the cunning of the wise man and the ignorance of the fool. The man who contents himself to-day with that which he has, will content himself to- morrow with that which he may have. KIND WORDS As the breath of the dew on the tender plant, they gently fall upon the drooping heart, refreshing its withered tendrils and soothing its burning woes. Bright oases they are in life's great desert. Who can estimate the pangs they have alleviated, or the good works they have accomplished? Long after they are uttered do they reverberate in the soul's inner chamber, and sing low, sweet, liquid strains, that quell all the raging storms that may have before existed. And oh, when the heart is sad, and like a broken harp, the sweetest chords of pleasure cease to vibrate, who can tell the power of one kind word? One little word of tenderness, gushing in upon the soul, will sweep the long-neglected chords, and awaken the most pleasant strains. When borne down with the troubles of life, we are ready to sink fainting by the way, how like the cheerful rays of sunshine do kind words come. They disperse the clouds, dispel the gloom, and drive sorrow far away.