CORRESPONDENCE Editor Shaker, Dear Brother : Last Sabbath, came to hand our beautiful Manifesto... North Union, Ohio. May 1, 1878 Editor Shaker, Dear Brother : Last Sabbath, came to hand our beautiful Manifesto, calling to mind the 'Tree of life,' yielding its fruit every month, and whose 'leaves are for the healing of the nations.' And if these truths—these life freighted leaves do not exert a powerful influence in healing the nations, so much the worse for the nations. The man who can read these pages and not feel his spirit stirred with the noblest emotions of which the human soul is capable, is, it seems to me, 'fit for treasons, stratagems and spoils.' The professor of Christianity, who has attentively perused the last issue,—April— and whose faith still remains unshaken in the ¦dogma of vicarious atonement, is, I think, sadly lacking, either in candor or discernment, or both. The two articles alone, 'Teachings of the Shaker Manifesto' and 'Should all be Shakers?' carry the reflective mind into a region of thought where sophistry dispels as a mist, and Truth shines in upon the soul 4'with healing in its leaves.' Where the fall of man is seen to be the transgression of God's laws, and his redemption, a return to obedience; where reproduction stands out prominently, as the one important feature in the natural order of creation ; its perversion to purposes of mere pleasure by the human race, the cause of their spiritual death, and the entire renunciation of the works peculiar to that order as exemplified in the life of Jesus and his followers, the only possible means of being 'born again' into spiritual life. Here one stands, as it were, upon 'the pinnacle of the temple,' and sees 'the kingdoms of the world and the glory of these' pass away like the imagery of a dream, and, as a mighty wave, the knowledge of the way of life sweeping over the earth with a rapidity and force which nothing can suppress. Yours in love, Watson Andrews We are all pleased with the improved appearance of The Shaker Manifesto... South Union, Ky. May 3, 1878 We are all pleased with the improved appearance of The Shaker Manifesto— though it seems that all do not endorse your theology. For my part, you can handle Paul and the rest as you may please, I think they need bringing down ; they have been worshipped too long for humanity's good. If we are to believe the records that have been handed down for our perusal—they 'went a fishing' more than once ; and for all the world were like some of these flesh and blood creatures with whom we now eat, drink and have our being. J. R. C.