QUONDAM SAILOR CHAP. V WILLIAM G. LIBBEY Having decided to make the place described in the previous chapter, our home, we settled into a somewhat regular manner of life, which was indeed more comfortable than journeying through tangled bushes, and over sharp coral with our bare feet. Our domestic habits were each day pretty much alike. When we awoke in the morning, it was my practice to read aloud from the Bible to my brother John. This I did in a devotional way, commencing at Genesis. We had proposed to read it through by course, but after a few chapters I found John had very little interest in the exercise. On being awakened he would listen a few minutes and then go to sleep again, leaving me to enjoy the Bible alone. This soon became rather a dull affair, and after plodding along through Genesis, Exodus and into Leviticus, it was given up. We often read from it as our devotional feelings came and went, like the rise and fall of the tide in the lagoon,—which was not very bad—as it ebbed and flowed daily. Now let me describe how we managed our cooking, when settled at our port of entry. When we arose in the morning the fish for our breakfast were swimming in the sea, but they were so easily caught that we were quite sure of a nice mess of white fish, after we learned their habits. By taking a handful of small bits of coral and throwing them into the water scattering them well over the surface, our white fish would come rushing up, then we would throw in the hooks baited with some kind of shell fish, and seldom failed of catching sufficient before the flurry was over. The reason we assigned for the fish rushing up when the pebbles were thrown in, was that they feed upon flying fish, which, in rising from the water, make a noise similar to that made by the pebbles. When they come up, the sharks would frequently come with them, and as they were too heavy for our fishing gear, whenever they bit, we were sure to lose our hooks and line, which was a very serious loss, as we had no means of procuring more. After having lost several hooks and lines by sharks, I took most of what line T had left, and twisting two parts of it together, and attaching one of our largest hooks, started out. Casting the hook and line into the tidal passage, ¦—which was about thirty yards distant from the hut, my brother called my attention, and losing sight of the fish-hook by attendingto his call, a large shark had seized the bait, and was closing his vise-like jaws upon it, while I held out a bit of stick, to which the line was made fast, with all my strength, but it availed nothing, for the shark in his native element was too strong for even two parts of good cord line, and it parted within six inches oi my hands, leaving me ready to cry with vexation, from so serious a loss. This may seem rather childish, but we were more than a thousand miles from any inhabited island, and knew of no way to supply our need. But necessity is said to be the mother of invention, and it proved thus in our case, for finding an old whale lance-head, and fastening it to a stick, it made a tolerable good spear with which to kill fish. My brother proving very skilful in its use, succeeded in taking a nice large fish very soon after he began to use it, and thus by hook or spear we had a good supply during our stay on the island. As already stated, seabirds were plenty, and so very tame, that whenever we wanted a booby to roast, we could easily catch one without going very far from our hut. This was not very often, for we preferred our good fish, to the flesh of these sea-fowls, which had a rancid, oily flavor quite disagreeable to the taste. We did not see but one kind of land bird, this was the Paroquet, dressed in all the colors of the common parrot, only much brighter. They were rather shy, and we did not catch any alive. My brother killed one as he was curious to examine its beautiful plumage. One morning, John awoke me saying he MLAJNTFES^rO. heard a rooster crow; on listening a few moments, sure enough, we heard old chanticleer sound out his notes loud and clear on the morning air, reminding us of our dear !New England home, five or six thousand miles away in the East John was very anxious to catch this crower, and rising early he went off through the wet hushes and darkness, in the direction of the sound. He was absent until about sunrise, when he came back out of patience with his ill success, in not capturing the little Spanish bantam,—the only real wild fowl we found on the island. I told him I would try to catch him the next morning, at this he pouted a little saying : 'You will succeed about as well as I have.' The next morning I arose very early, and taking a course in the direction we last heard our chanticleer, proceeded very softly; soon he sounded the first note of the morning, then I stepped briskly forward, stopping only when the crowing ceased. The second time I started, I came within a short distance of the little harbinger of domestic life. He had stationed himself in the midst of a clump of Palmetto bushes, which were inaccessible to my further progress, except by crawling, and this was no easy undertaking, as the trunks of these bushes are interlaced in a wonderful manner. As I could only move when the bird was crowing, it .took me some time to reach the part of the clump where he was stationed. At last, by using great care, I drew myself directly under the bush on which he was perched; and as it was now day light, I had a good view of the object that had drawn us from our easy huts, for two mornings. He was a small bird, not larg enough to pay us for our labor, but the famil iar sound attracted us, being a pleasant re minder of civilized life. While lying on the ground, thinking of th best way to secure my prize, the littl bantam turned his head, bringing his littl sharp eye to bear upon me. ¦ One loo seemed to be enough, for he gave a sudde hen-like squall and flew, where, I neve knew; for that was the first and the last tim I ever saw the coveted prize. Going back to our cabin, I was met b John, with the cool remark, that he knew should do no better than he had done; th as all very well to him, but really I felt uite sorry at the ill success of my morning's alk. (to be continued.)