THE ESSENES Flavius Josephus There are among the Jews, three Philosophical Sects, distinguished by the different denominations of Pharisees, Sadducees, and Essenes, which last maintain a more rigid discipline than the rest. The Essenes are Jews by birth, and seem to have a greater affection for one another than the rest of the Sects. THE SHARER MANXF-ICSTO. 134 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. They reject pleasure as an evil; but esteem continence and a conquest over the passions, as a cardinal virtue. They neglect wedlock ; but select the children of others, while they are young and docile, and adopt and train them up as their own. They do not absolutely deny the moral fitness of marriage, and the succession of mankind continued thereby, but guard against the frailty of women, and can hardly admit an inviolable attachment to one man. They hold wealth, and what are called the good things of this world in con- tempt ; so that they are equally strangers to riches and poverty, as they have all things in common; or, in other words, the whole society live like brethren ; being all equal sharers in one common patrimony: upon such principle, no man can be contemptible for being poor, nor honorable for being rich. They think oil a defilement, and value themselves upon the simplicity of their appearance, provided their garments are white and clean. They appoint stewards for the man- agement of their common stock, and leave it to their discretion to make distribution out of it to every man in proportion according to his need. They have no certain place of abode, but disperse themselves through different cities, towns and villages, where they are ever open to receive and entertain any of their own sect, and treat them, though strangers, with the same familiarity as if intimately acquainted. They carry nothing with them, when they travel, but arms for the security of their persons. They appoint, in every place, some one to take care of their strange Brethren, and provide them with lodging, food, apparel, and necessaries n general. The dress they wear rensembles that of children when they are under the charge of masters and governors. Nor do they change their garments, or shoes, but when one is torn, and the other worn out. They neither buy nor sell, among themselves, but supply each-other's wants ; not by way of exchange, but an obligation on the one party to give, and the other to receive. Their piety towards God is extraordinary, as they never speak a word of the common affairs of life before sunrise, but, upon certain traditional forms of prayer, imploring divine protection for the day. After this act of devotion they betake themselves to their several occupations and employments in which they labor, with great diligence to aru hour before noon, when they assemble in white veils, and bathe in cold water. Upon this purification they retire to their apartments into which it is not permitted to any one of another sect to enter. From thence they enter into a refectory or dining hall, as into an holy temple, and sit down without uttering a word. The attendants place their loaves in order, and bring each one a plate of a, single kind of food, which is not touched, before the priest pronounces a blessing ; and in like manner he returns thanks to the Divine Donor, after meat. This duty performed, they lay aside their white garments, as in some degree sacred, and resume their ordinary occupations till evening; when they return tosupper in the same manner, and, if there be any strangers they sit down with: them. Their houses are free from clamor and disturbance. They speak by turns, and observe a gravity and silence which excite the veneration of stran THJC SHAKER MANIFESTO. 135 eers, and arise from a constant course of moderation and sobriety. Every man is free to help the virtuous, though they are restrained from relieving their kindred, without permission from their superiors. They curb their passions, and are eminent for their fidelity, and preserving peace and good order. Their word is as sacred as an oath, which they avoid as worse than perjury, accounting man, who cannot be believed without bringing God for a witness, as a liar, and unworthy of confidence. When a person is disposed to become a member of the society, he is not immediately admitted but prescribed the mode of living for one whole year, and presented with an axe, a girdle, and a white garment. If, in that course of time he has given evidence of his continence, they, in some respects, change his diet, and allow him the benefit of the water of purification. But, he is not permitted to enter the refectory, till he has passed two years probation of his integrity, upon which trial he is taken into the society upon the following conditions. He is first to bind himself by solemn declarations to love and worship God, and observe justice towards man, to injure no one. of his own accord, nor at the command or persuasion of others ; to declare himself an enemy to the wicked, and a friend to the righteous ; to show fidelity to all men, and especially to those in authority ; as they are the ministers of God ; by His own appointment. He is likewise to declare, that, if ever he should attain to an elevated station, he will never abuse that power to the injury of those who are subordinate to him, nor distinguish himself by any peculiar ornament of dress; that he will love, and embrace the truth, and reprove those who speak falsehood. He binds himself also, to keep his hands free from theft, and fraudulent dealing, and his mind [from the desire of unlawful gains. Those who are detected in heinous offences are excluded from the society, and generally come to a miserable end, as they are bound, by an oath not to receive even a morsel of bread from the hand of a stranger, and thus compelled to graze like beasts till they perish. In this distress the society sometimes compassionates a case, and receives the delinquent again, deeming the punishment, in some degree, an atonement for the of- fence. In the administration of justice they are singularly strict, determining nothing without the concurrence at least of an hundred voices ; and from their sentence, once passed, there is no appeal. Next to the supreme authority of God himself, they hold in reverence that of their Legislator, Moses—whom, if any one blasphemes, he is punished with death—they ascribe great honor to their Elders, and to a majority of the people, deeming it highly reasonable to obey the one, and hearken to the other. When there are ten members in council, no par- ticular one is to speak, if the other nine are against it. They hold it indecent, and even immoral, to spit toward the middle of the assembly, or upon the right hand of it. They observe the Sabbath with greater strictness than any other sect of the Jews; as they not only prepare their food the preceding day, to avoid kindling a fire upon that day, but will not move a utensil from one place to another. 136 THE SHAKER They live to a great age, many of them to an hundred years, and upwards, which must be ascribed to the simplicity of their diet, and their temperance in general. They are also firm and hardy, contemning the miseries of life, and accounting an honorable death more desirable than an inglorious existence. Upon divers occasions neither burning, nor the most exquisite torture could force from them an irreverent word of their Legislator, (Moses,) or the breach of one of their rites. Tortures they endured, not only without supplication and tears but with cheerfulness of countenance, defying their tormentors, and yielding up their breath with serenity and composure, in the assurance of exchanging the present life for a better in the future. They firmly believe the mortality of the body, and, that the soul, being of the nature of the subtilist air, is incor- ruptible and immortal, and, by a kind of attraction enclosed in the body, as in a prison ; but, that when it shall be freed from these corporeal bonds, or from a long slavery, it shall ascend to the re- gions of bliss. There are those among the Essenes who pretend to the spirit of prophecy, founding their presages upon holy writ, and using preparatory purifications to fit them for the work ; and it is observ- able that they seldom fail in their predictions.