THE SHAKER MANIFESTO AN OFFICIAL MONTHLY. G. A. LOMAS Editor. Shakers, N. Y. VOL. VIII.— JUNE. 1878.—No. VI THE SUPERNATURAL ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE A belief in the supernatural, in intercommunion of spirits with mortals in some form,—is as old as the history of our race. This belief, under whatever name it has passed, has been to human kind, like the fructifying rays of the sun in spring time. However different its modes of application, to meet unfolding conditions, as we trace it through the history of past ages, it has been the same soul-pervading, absorbing element, in effect, from the day that the angel of the God visited Hagar by the fountain of water in a wilderness, until our own time. We trace the same undying trust in especial providences—in angel ministrations- good and evil omens—visions, revelations and prophetic inspirations in every age and cycle of human existence. What greater evidence could be given, that the essential soul-part in man and woman, lives on eternally in spheres above and beyond the earthly stage of existence? and that there is one Source and Center of life and light, from which the strong faith-living hopes, thoughts and desires, have come down to us in one unbroken chain. We need to be clear-sighted not to impute imperfections of historians in many instances to real events as they transpired, and thus judge that the chain, if not broken, was inperfectly linked together. It is stated that 'God created every herb of the field before it grew.' The plan was formed, but there could be no expansion or growth-no outward expression—until the Creative Power in the inner worlds stimulated and quickened the germs, each in its proper order and place. From inorganic matter, through animated nature up to man, the acme, we trace God's handiwork, and mark His footprints ; but in man and woman alone do we find the dual image of the great and good Powers that formed and gave birth to worlds, and peopled them with intelligent beings capable of reasoning with God the Father, and of entering into close communion with the Heavenly Mother and rejoicing in her love. God breathed this dual life into man and woman-in-spirited-and gave them living souls ; and placed them a little lower than the angels, and endowed them with capacity to hold communion with intelligent beings, both in the terrestrial, and celestial spheres. Hence, the never dying faith in super 128 THIC SHAKKB MANIFESTO. natural agencies which has been apparent in all ages, tribes and nations ; however crude their ideas may have been, yet they have had their deities, and forms of worship, and belief in some great overruling Spirit that controlled destinies. That belief has been a vitalizing principle in human hearts—a preserver if not the main spring of action. Pagans have had their oracles—kings, their prophets ; Hindoos, their One invisible God, manifested through millions of spirits, whom they approached through the mediumistic agencies, and chanted praises in conjunction with the Spirits of Singing Stars. Greece and Rome had their temples of deities, where miraculous cures were performed—their consecrated mountains and grottoes where they worshiped, and their deep caverns held so sacred that they were guarded by nymphs. Some of those caverns were so sacredly esteemed that they were visited by people from all the surrounding States, and Nations ; even kings and law-givers went to consult the oracles there. Those caverns were usually guarded by females, who were required to dress in simple style, and to be strictly pure and temperate in life. It is quite possible that those caverns were vaulted sepulchers of some of the early Christians, who fled to, or built caves in the earth in which to hide from the ruthless rage of their persecutors, and where thousands lived arid died. Would it be unreasonable to suppose, that having been thwarted in their mission in earth life, that by permission, or command, they should return in spirit, and from the mouths of the very caverns, where they suffered for the maintenance of principles that were dearer to them than life,—speak truths in the ears of the people through anointed mediums, that they were not permitted to pronounce while in human form ? There may have been more 'method thaa madness' in those cavern utterances. If the avenues between the visible and invisible worlds had been entirely closed to mortals, long ere this would the race to which we belong have perished or become extinct. Now, as in the past, there are false prophets or mediums extant in the land ; such mediums are false in their own life practices, and are liable to be ministered to by spirits who are like them. Others, who live purely and truly, receive ministrations from a divine source—from spirits who scale the ladder of truth that leads to higher circles in spirit life. Faith in spirit intercourse was never more prevalent among aarth's inhabitants, than at the present time. Multitudes openly avow their belief, while others less honest,—or through fear of losing popularity, resemble Saul of old- en time who disguised himself and went secretly to the woman of Endor—a materializing medium,—and sought an interview with the spirit of Samuel. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.