SCINTILLATIONS FROM PEEBLES Christianity, as it was uttered and lived by Jesus Christ, was divine ; but modern Christianity, with its political intrigues, immense estates, aggressive wars, cramping creeds, ceremonies, and superstitions, is a sham—a cancerous blotch upon the civilization of the nineteenth century. Salvation is a process—a soul-growth—a blossoming and ripening up of the spiritual nature. It comes to nations and to individuals through the Tau of the Chinese; the Buddha of the Orientals; the Logos of John, and the Christ of the New Testament—comes as vegetation, flowers, and golden harvests come through the warmth and light of the sun. This Christ-principle is the 'savor of life unto life.' Demons are not necessarily spirits peopling the spirit-world. The other day I hastily jumped into a third-class railway coach. It was crowded with men, excitedly engaged in talking war, in swearing and cursing—three of them were shamefully intoxicated. Listening to their babble, I wondered that so many good and beautiful things come to us from over the river of death. So long as men put such filthy and poisonous stuff' into their bodies, as tobacco, and beer, and swine's flesh, so long will war continue on earth, and the dying swell the demon-sphere of existence. The body must be purified. The very atomic materials must be hyper-vitalized and spiritualized. Herbs, nuts, vegetables, precious grains, and delicious fruits, ripening in the sunlight, deposit such rich and refined tissue* only, as can build up a pure bodily temple for the soul. True and genuine Spiritualism is the gospel of Jesus Christ; and the good spirits come to us to demonstrate a future conscious existence ; to guide our feet in the paths of virtue and wisdom ; to comfort all that mourn, and lead us into the green pastures of purity and peace. The light of their love is the sunshine of our souls. They call upon us to overcome the world—to create the heaven now that we hope to enjoy hereafter. Spirit-life is an active life, a social life, a retributive life, a constructive life, and a pro- gressive life. Eeason and affection, conscience and memory, go with us into the future state of existence. It is real life. Spiritualism settles three questions of momentous import: I. That man has a conscious existence beyond the grave. II. That all individuals commence that existence precisely as they leave this, mentally and morally, retaining their identity and memory. III. That this future existence is one of mental progress and spiritual unfoldment for all human intelligences.