HOME TOPICS Graham crackers One pint sour cream, one half teaspoonful oda, one tablespoonful sugar, a little salt, tiffen with Graham flour sufficient to roll ut quite thin; cut in diamonds, and bake n a quick oven. If sour cream cannot be procured, use milk, adding a small piece of butter. Glassware Glassware.—Tumblers that have had milk n them ought never to be put into hot water. Washing Washing.—Borax, put in the water used for washing ginghams and highly colored prints, will preserve the colors. Corns Corns.—-Troublesome corns, it is said, can be entirely cured by rubbing them over with ordinary white chalk each day for a number of days. To penetrate smoke To Penetrate Smoke.—By wetting a silk handkerchief, and placing it over the mouth and nostrils, one can pass through the densest smoke with but very little inconvenience as to breathing. For wounds For Wounds. The aching and stiffness caused by wounds can be almost entirely re- lieved by holding the wound over the smoke of burning sugar. One of our correspondents, who gives us this information, punctured his right leg with a large awl, and the limb became in consequence very painful and stiff, so that he walked with great difficulty. A tablespoonful or two of sugar poured on some live coals in a shovel and held under the wound so relieved him that the day after he could walk as well as ever. It is said that if a poultice of pounded peach leaves is placed upon a wound so soon as it is received, lockjaw need not be feared. Tribune Hot Water for Wounds Hot water in the treatment of bruises and wounds is strongly advocated by certain medical authorities. In proof of its efficacy, the New York Medical Journal states the following case : The hand of a workman in a machine-shop was crushed under the fall of a trip-hammer weighing 700 pounds. The hammer was arrested when within a halfinch of its bed, but the palm of the unfortunate hand receiving the blow was reduced to a pulp. The metacarpal bones were extensively comminuted, yet, in the hope of saving the member, it was kept immersed in hot water for two or three weeks, and then taken out and dressed.. In three months the patient was dismissed from the hospital, and in nine months was able to move his fingers and demonstrate that he still possessed a useful hand. The temperature of the water employed in such cases should be about 103 deg. Fahrenheit. Care of House Plants A lady in Kansas gives her plan of caring for house-plants as follows: 'I live in a frame house, and last Winter kept fifty pots of different kinds of geraniums, roses, fuchsias, and remontant pinks, all of which received the same kind of treatment, and in the spring my plants were more healthy and the leaves a dark-green color. Many came to me for slips in preference to the green-houses. Every two weeks all the Winter I would take a handful of tobacco-stems and steep them by pouring boiling water over them until it looked like strong tea; then when the tea cooled enough to bear the hand, I poured it over the plants. Sometimes the leaves would wilt for a few moments, and then straighten out and Jiave that bright, fresh look they have in summer after a shower. Then I would weaken the tea a little more and wet the ground in the pots, and I had no red spider nor green fly.'