EDITORIAL NOTES INCONSISTENCY England is now roused by the spirit of war ; the people demanding of the government an opportunity to kill and be killed. Very probably their request will be granted; and after the fullest gratification of their godless, savage, blood thirsty feelings, then will come the strongest appeals for, and jubilation over a peace that should never have been broken. Now, the wildest enthusiasm is for war ; assassination staring him in the face, who being prominent as an official, dares plead for peace. By and by, the same punishment will be meted out to those who would prolong the war ; while rejoicings will be the order of the day, that the butchery, privations and worse than death are brought to a close. Our testimony is for Peace, now and alway. No Christian can use carnal weapons nor fight; never did so. We oppose wars of households, and wars of nations. All wars are the results of lusts for lands and women. Elder Evans says: 'Those who marry, will fight.' As we claim that Marriage, as well as War, is without the pale of Christianity, the proper parties do the fighting—but these are not Christians. ''Else would my servants fight.' A POWERFUL COMPLIMENT The Boston and Albany R. R. Co. has recently placed on the road, a new, beautiful, powerful and speedy locomotive, giving it the name of 'The Shaker !' Alive to such a compliment, we hope 'The Shaker^ may be worthy of its name, profitable to the company, meeting with no mishaps, and alway carrying with it a reminder of the prin- ciples of the people whose name it bears. Thus will it be an active, rushing missionary. GOD BLESS THE AGED From Maine to Kentucky, and from all the Societies and hamlets corresponding with us, a unity, of blessing The Manifesto by the aged, is recorded, with the first exception to be heard if there is any. On a flying trip to Mt. Lebanon, recently made, we met nearly a score of these saints, whose ages included 75 and 102 ! Had we been some one much better than the editor of The Shaker Manifesto, we might have been more worthy of the long line of blessings showered upon us. Every one of these took especial delight in The Manifesto ; and with the blessing of one such saint in its favor, we can very pleasantly bear contumely and the croakings of the other class, until death relieves them or they reform.