FARM and GARDEN Stable manure is good There is nothing better than stable manure, but not enough can be had. Muck is good if we get the right kind, fibrous and not too much decomposed. It may be profitably composted with stable manure, six or seven loads to one of the latter, with ashes and with salt. The coarse grass which grows on muck swamps, if piled up with it, helps decomposition. Salt was recommended as a good fertilizer for all kinds of fruit trees It helps to decompose plant food. Ashes are good, and leached ashes, 300 bushels per acre, are excellent on sandy soils, helping mechanical texture, and furnishing needed manurial elements. Rural New Yorker Use kerosene oil to cure scaly leg in fowls... Use kerosene oil to cure scaly leg in fowls. The moment a fowl shows signs of the plague—the scales of the legs become of a whitish slate color and curl upward a little—fill an old fruit-can full of oil and immerse the legs of the fowl in it up to the feathers. If matter has already gathered, the oil will loosen it and it can be scraped off. Of course, it is a painful operation and the bird may suffer with sore legs for a day or two. The experiments of Vcelcker show that farmyard manure does not lose much by exposure to air, heat and light. The de- terioration which illy-managed manureheaps undergo is principally due to losses by drainage. The dark-colored liquid which is often seen flowing away from badly-kept dung-heaps is rich in nitrogen, phosphoric acid, and potash. It has been found through careful experiment that 100 loads of dung kept in the usual wasteful manner were reduced at the end of 81 days to 73.3 loads, at the end of 285 days to 64.4 loads, 384 days to 62.5 loads, while at the end of 499 days the original 100 loads were reduced to 47.2 loads, sustaining a loss of 52.8 loads. Thus in sixteen months more than one half, and that the most valuable portion, of the manure had disappeared, leaving a highly carbonaceous matter poor in all the elements of fertility.