CORRESPONDENCE Dear Bro. Albert: Allow me to say that I am more prone to speak approvingly than... Ayer, Mass. June 5, 1878 Elijah Myrick Dear Bro. Albert: Allow me to say that I am more prone to speak approvingly than otherwise. And you may be sure of my appreciation of the improved appearance, manner and matter of The Shaker Manifesto. And then I can see the editor: the center of criticism, of a very fastidious people; persevering and improving under such training. I begin to fear (judging from the result) you are getting ahead of the rest of us in the school of good experience. I would not attempt to measure experience with you in this regard. You have both my sympathy and respect. I cannot tell you how pleased I was to have a visit from our good Mother Eldress Antoinette, and Elder Frederick, who came to us in spirit through medium of the S. M. We were and are inspired by their presence. We have to thank you too for coming with them with your cogent query and more cogent answer in May No. But I think you will pardon me in saying best of all was 'An address to Leaders.' That is a subject if rightly considered, and heeded, is fruitful of great good. Where leaders are placed over a people to whom they are not answerable but to whom that people are in every way responsible, it is a delicate relation, a difficult position, and requires great tact, wisdom and forbearance. The Office should be lost sight of by the individual holding it; so far as authority, and superiority is concerned. And principle more than order and assumption should bear influence in all official duties. There is a principle .for which we should have supreme affection, and when assailed or neglected should at once be defended by all. In as much as it is done unto the highest object of our affections it is done unto us. While we would not be without leaders to whom 'we, the people,' delegate executive authority, yet if this supreme affection for right—for principle—and common interest is wanting, it can never be supplied by dint of authority. The Parental is the only right form of government in my estimation. Parents' love and affection for their children induces them to do all they can to build them up and develop them into noble men and women. A source of laudable pride for which they have laid down their lives—forgotten self. I am reminded of Jethro's advice to Moses. If we are God's peculiar people it is by virtue, not by assumption. 'Let's seek the truth wherever found, On Christian and on heathen ground.' Such are the thoughts suggested by the article in The Shaker Manifesto.