CORRESPONDENCE Dear Bro. Albert: Allow me to say that I am more prone to speak approvingly than... Ayer, Mass. June 5, 1878 Elijah Myrick Dear Bro. Albert: Allow me to say that I am more prone to speak approvingly than otherwise. And you may be sure of my appreciation of the improved appearance, manner and matter of The Shaker Manifesto. And then I can see the editor: the center of criticism, of a very fastidious people; persevering and improving under such training. I begin to fear (judging from the result) you are getting ahead of the rest of us in the school of good experience. I would not attempt to measure experience with you in this regard. You have both my sympathy and respect. I cannot tell you how pleased I was to have a visit from our good Mother Eldress Antoinette, and Elder Frederick, who came to us in spirit through medium of the S. M. We were and are inspired by their presence. We have to thank you too for coming with them with your cogent query and more cogent answer in May No. But I think you will pardon me in saying best of all was 'An address to Leaders.' That is a subject if rightly considered, and heeded, is fruitful of great good. Where leaders are placed over a people to whom they are not answerable but to whom that people are in every way responsible, it is a delicate relation, a difficult position, and requires great tact, wisdom and forbearance. The Office should be lost sight of by the individual holding it; so far as authority, and superiority is concerned. And principle more than order and assumption should bear influence in all official duties. There is a principle .for which we should have supreme affection, and when assailed or neglected should at once be defended by all. In as much as it is done unto the highest object of our affections it is done unto us. While we would not be without leaders to whom 'we, the people,' delegate executive authority, yet if this supreme affection for right—for principle—and common interest is wanting, it can never be supplied by dint of authority. The Parental is the only right form of government in my estimation. Parents' love and affection for their children induces them to do all they can to build them up and develop them into noble men and women. A source of laudable pride for which they have laid down their lives—forgotten self. I am reminded of Jethro's advice to Moses. If we are God's peculiar people it is by virtue, not by assumption. 'Let's seek the truth wherever found, On Christian and on heathen ground.' Such are the thoughts suggested by the article in The Shaker Manifesto. Amanda Deyo, Respected friend:... Mt. Lebanon, May 15, 1878 Amanda Deyo, Respected friend :— Your kind letter of invitation to attend your Peace Meeting, June 8, is received. We thank you for the friendly remembrance. At present, it looks impossible to be present with you at that time and place. In heart and soul we are with you in the Reforms you advocate—Temperance and Peace—They are your whole life—They are episodes M^AJNTIIHESTO. IT'S the: shaebe in our life. We have other and still more radical Reforms to carry out, practically. At present, we are engaged in materializing spirits from the inner world. Do you know that materialization of spirits is one of the latent forces, under divine guidance, to put an end to human wars ? Every good gift comes from God by ¦successive materializations. The earths are the latest forms—the lowest. We have held Seances for a week, in a Room and Cabinet, got up for the occasion. Each seance has exceeded the preceding one in interest and marvelousness. We have had four different classes of spirits visit us. No. 1. are world spirits. No. 2. are world spirits who have some Shaker faith and who come to be instructed. No. 3. are ancient spirits of Prophets and Mediums who lived upon earth thousands ol years ago. Their prophecies are now in process of fulfilment. They are inspired by Christ Angels. They speak like orators by the half hour. They predict the extinction of war, but •only by removing the causes of war. Among these they class, first, perverted sexuality—second, killing and eating other animals. They say, human mothers visiting slaughter houses, drinking blood etc. is the way to breed tigers. Poverty, created by human selfishness—monopolizing the land, in particular, produces the material for armies and navies. Landless people are supported from the soil, but indirectly through the government. The Rulers Say to them, 'If you learn war, as a trade, and kill some of your own class of landless people, we will feed you— Otherwise, we will let you starve to death—we want you dead some way— There are too many to eat and propagate. We want to beget as many children as we please, and you must make room for them.' Such is the logic of facts. You work away at the trunk and branches of the Upas tree of war. We put the axe of Divine Revelation to the root of war in our own individual selves. In the Spirit World, all, who do this, are as sparks among stubble. They react back upon earth and inspire Amanda Deyoes to bear a testimony beyond their own lives and personal characters. But far more beyond the soul travel of their hearers. It is the accumulated experience of humanity alone that will finally put an end to war as a game for kings and aristocrats to play at—When they have killed people, by destructive diet, by diseases, doctors and infernal wars, they bury them in grave-yards and cemeteries, after inclosing them in air tight coffins, as near embalm them as they can—build costly monuments, each one trying to outvie the other in pomp and pride— Thus they do great harm to the departed spirit. A poor man dies, his body decomposes—he has no monument to feed his pride and tie him to the grave-yard for his friends to come and commune with him—He gets away from earth. The rich man dies and is imprisoned— magnetically—in a costly air tight casket and monument. He cannot get away from earth until the body decays and the monument dissolves by time aud the action of the elements.Thus ever does truth come uppermost and ever is justice done. Souls, sent out of the body by disease, doctors and war, will never res| until they have been avenged. Judgment will be executed upon ev-il workMAJNTIinffiS'TO. THE SHAKER M.AJSITETESTO. 173 ers—The Judge of all the earth will do right by all who have been wronged. Wicked people will be punished by their own evils, more effectually than it could be done by any other means. One of the materialized spirits in a seance told this story—'A woman stole a fleece of wool from a neighbor while picking it over, some one knocked at the door. She took it down cellar to pick over, took cold and died, and is now, in the spirit world, down in that cellar, picking over that wool, fearing to be seen.' When she confesses the theft and makes restitution, she will be released, not before. It will be just so with warriors like Napoleon—They will be in a hell of their own making. When you convert them to the peace principle, they repent and make confession to all whom they have killed, or caused to be killed, they will find mercy—not till then. Love to you, dear friends, from your Shaker co-operators. F. W. Evans