HOME TOPICS Atmospheric air Atmospheric Air.—The air that passes out of our lungs is quite unfit to support life if breathed again, even when mixed with ten times its bulk of pure air, therefore the air of our sleeping and living rooms must be con- stantly changed or it will soon become poisonous. Perfumes of the essential oils... Perfumes of the essential oils prevent the growth of the vegetation of mouldiness, by which paste, ink and the like may be long preserved. Coffee placed on a hot shovel... Coffee placed on a hot shovel and carried through the house will destroy any unpleasant odor, and purify the atmosphere. It is an excellent disinfectant. For grinding cutlery and edge tools... For grinding cutlery and edge tools, the stone should be dipped in water to prevent the heating of the tools. Careful cutlers use oil for polishing instead of water, when using grindstones of small diameter. Printers' ink is a good adhesive... Printers' ink is a good adhesive for leather belts. One application will keep a leather belt in running order for twelve months. For the toothache For the Toothache.—The application of the following remedy for toothache is said to be efficacious in the most desperate cases, provided it be not connected with rheumatism : Alum, reduced to an impalpable powder, two drachms; nitrous spirits of ether, seven drachms ; mix them well and apply them to the tooth, Cinders in the eye Cinders in the Eye.—Put one or two grains of flaxseed in the eye, and bind a cloth over the organ. In a short time the eye may be washed and the seeds and cinders removed. A method of coating wood... A method of coating wood with a varnish as hard as ; stone has been recently introduced ; the ingredients are: forty parts of chalk, forty of resin and four of linseed oil, to be melted together in an iron pot. One part of native oxide of copper and one of sulphuric acid are then to be added, after which the composition is ready for use. It is applied hot to the wood with a brush, in the same way as paint, and as before observed, becomes exceedingly hard on drying. To stop bleeding at the nose... To stop bleeding at the nose, says an exchange, exercise the jaws as if in the act of mastication. In the case of a child give it something to chew—a piece of paper, for instance. The motion of the jaw will stop the flow of blood. It is a sure remedy, simple as it seems.