'The Religio Philosophical Journal' grows decidedly enterprising. Its present volume exceeds in value any previous one. It abhors frauds. It exposes spiritual tricksters, and thereby gains confidence of honest thinkers. It has no special 'Message Department,' (and we are glad of it;) and by this exception, gives less cause for suspicions that frauds through its columns are perpetrated. It gives plain, proven, spiritualistic facts, and is worthy of having its legions of friends multiplied. Address as above, Chicago, 111. 'Business Calculator and Accountants' Assistant.' Such is the title of a very valuable book. Its best features exist in the fact, that it is most useful to the common people— the farmer, mechanic, storekeeper and those who have but little education—an.l tells all one needs to know in very short space. It contains hundreds of such common truisms : How to measure capacities of cisterns, grain bins, corn houses ; surfaces; solids ; interest tables ; commission; and is withal a book for every business man, and would be considered an invaluable present by any aspiring, intelligent boy. Its price is one dollar. Ordered through this office, in connection with the Manifesto both can be had for the same price. BUDDHISM AND CHRISTIANITY FACE TO FACE; or an oral Discussion between the Rev. Migettuwatte, a Buddhist Priest, and Rev. D. Silva, an English Clergyman with an Introduction and Annotations, by J. M. Peebles, M. D. London: published by James Burns, 15 Southampton Row, 1878. This is a discussion in which the merits of the two 'Bibles,' Sanscrit and Hebrew, are compared by two of their ablest advocates ; and we think all ' candid minds, in perusing these pages, will be convinced of the fact, that the disciple of Buddha advanced far more logical proofs in favor of his religion and far more damaging testimony against the claims of his opponent, than the representative of Christianity could bring forward on his side ; and this, too, by one of the ablest minds engaged in the effort to 'convert the heathen.' Beligio Phil. Journal. The Law of Population: This work is too valuable a pamphlet to pass by with slender comments. While we do not endorse some of its suggestions, we deem the subject a weighty one, and will treat of it hereafter. Asa K. Butts, Publisher, New York. Relief to Labor: 'Settling our lands with the laborer, the best substitute for a standing army.' This is a speech by Benjamin F. Butler, and is very worthy of careful consideration. We return thanks to the Congressman for early copy. R. J. Wright, an eminent writer upon social subjects has sent us a work of less than a score of pages upon the above subject. The leaven is working. True Communism will prevail. We would here herald two forth-coming works of great interest: '¦The Champions of The Church' by D. M Bennett, 141 Eighth St. New York; and ' The principles of light and color' by B. D. Barrett, D. M. same address.