ANN LEE Her work, her People, and their Critics. Fifth Paper. During the summer, fall and Avinter of 1780, and until May of 1781, Mother Ann and her associates were visited by great numbers; many coming hundreds of miles, by carriage and on foot, to satisfy themselves of the meaning of the rumors concerning the peculiar people. Among the visitors can be noted some very excellent individuals—some of the first minds of those times, some of whom became converts, and remained as most excellent helpers in the cause. One chronicler, writing of these times, says: 'During this time the increase of the work was great beyond expression. The Believers continually increased in power and zeal, in light and understanding. Signs and operations, prophecies, visions and revelations from God greatly abounded. The purifying fire of the gospel searched every heart; the increasing power of salvation and the enduring substance of eternal life daily evinced, to every faithful soul, the reality of the latter day of glory.' In May 1781, Mother Ann, with a few companions, set out on foot, to visit sections in the East, where converts of the faith resided, and to which they urgently invited her. Another reason for this visit: She had seen, in vision, while yet in England, a place in this country which she had not found, but of which she often spoke. She started, first for Tucconockf where lived several families named Osborn. Being greatly welcomed, immediate preparations were made for meetings. On Sunday, a large concourse assem- bled, and during the discourse of the testimony, much external operations were manifested, accompanied by keen testimonies against the flesh, which latter roused much opposition. After a tarry of ten days, Mother Ann and company started for Enfield, Conn., a distance of sixty-seven miles, and reaching the home of David Meacham, a convert, halted. Their arrival created great alarm among the inhabitants, for rumor had been busy circulating false reports concerning them. They were threatened with a mob, to prevent which, the Selectmen visited and advised them to leave the place. They however remained for a week, during which 'a number believed and confessed their sins.' They now proceeded, unmolested, to Grafton, Mass., remaining a week, and from this place journeyed to Upton, remaining several days. Thence, they moved on towards Harvard, remaining at Isaac Willard's, Still Eiver, for a week. Erom here they went to Harvard, sojourning in the 'Square House,' built, we believe, by the great revivalist and leader, Shadrach Ireland. This was the place Mother Ann had seen in vision, in England. They made a long stay at Harvard, and from it visited the towns of Shirley, Littleton, Woburn and Petersham. The scenes of deep tribulation, persecution and brutal, personal abuse at these places, would require a volume to narrate them, and would read like a fictitious tale of inhuman horrors! Many believing in her testimony, came to visit Mother, which M^jNTrEPESTO. THE! SHAKEE 165 brought upon all concerned in these visits the enmity of the caviling and inimical. Crowds would commonly assemble around the house, armed with clubs, when some of the believers would address them in a spirit that would put them to shame, and they Would often quietly disperse. They were reported as being British abettors ; as having hundreds of stands of arms; and one man was found, who testified to the credulous, that he had seen 'a curious chest at the Square House, filled with fire-arms !' Repeated searches of the House were made, but with ever the same results—the entire absence of what enemies of the faith desired to find—fire-arms. They were ordered to leave Harvard by self-constituted authorities. This they refused to comply with. It was notably the case, that amid the brutal persecutions, to be named hereafter, at this place, many of the persecutors repented and embraced the faith! It has also been worthy of remark, that though the whole time of Mother and companions was devoted to the crowds who visited them, 'they never lacked a meal of victuals, nor a sufficiency for the multitude.' Concerning this subject Mother Ann said: 'We are fed here by the miracles of God; a great many people come, bringing little or nothing with them but their sins; yet they are fed and have plenty. I know this is so by the miracles of God!' Unwilling to have her people grow slothful, and indifferent to their temporal sustenance, she advised industry at work as a means to that end. The brethren at Lebanon, Hancock and Richmond added greatly to the temporal stores of 'the little church at Harvard,' the reception of which caused a feeling of gratitude that brought them all on their knees. In Dec, Mother and company made a journey to Petersham. On the following Sunday, they found assembled a large concourse of people, desirous of seeing and hearing them, among which were mingled a company, properly named The Blackguard Committee. While one of the number was preaching, at dark, a cry was heard, 'Knock out the lights !' the lights were extinguished, and a mob rushed in, part of which siezed Mother Ann and attempted to drag her out, but were prevented by a portly sister, Elizabeth Shattuck, so placing herself in the doorway that they could not get out. They fled. But during the momentary struggle, they tore the dress off from Mother Ann and did other damage. After the assembly had been dismissed, there returned thirty wretches, who burst in the doors, and assaulted all in the house: David Hammond was immediately knocked over and sadly beaten; his wife, with a young child in her arms, was also knocked down and badly bruised about the head. James Whittaker was knocked down and left for dead! All were more or less hurt. Searching the house, they found Mother Ann, and seizing her by the feet, they dragged her out of the house, and threw her into a sleigh, just as the carcase of a beast would have been handled, tearing off her clothes to an indecent degree, under the pretense of be- lieving that she was not a woman! * f Now called Washington, Berkshire Co., Mass.