INDIANS. No. 5 JAMES S. PRESCOTT PAST and PRESENT. When the light of the nineteenth century began to dawn upon the earth, which continues to shine with increasing brightness, it showed plainly that war and slavery were relics of barbarism, of pagan origin; that these two evils did not belong to this age of the world and ought to be abolished, especially by allnations, even calling themselves Christians. The popular Christianity of our day is only Christian in name, but very pagan in practice. On the Indian question, the United States stand at least one hundred years behind the age-they stand today where the old English colonies stood in 1760, one hundred and eighteen years ago. To prove this we need only to cite two parallel cases, to exemplify what has commonly taken place during the last 200 years. The town of Lancaster called by the Indians Nashua, (my native town,) in Worcester County, Mass., was 200 years ago one of the frontier towns, and suffered much from Indian wars-the whites then being in the minority. 'On the 10th of Feb.oldstyle, 1676, early in the morning, a body of fifteen hundred Indians attacked the town in five distinct squadrons, completely investing it. There were at that time more than fifty families in the town. Of this little band, fifty persons, or more were either killed or taken prisoners. One half, at least, were killed. For more than three years Lancaster remained uninhabited.' (See Prescott's Memorial.) The other case is an official account of recent date, which reads as follows: 'The unprovoked butchery, of several hundreds of peaceable Indians, chiefly women and children by Colonel Chivington, as detailed in evidence above referred to, is enough to brand with lasting infamy any nation, that could suffer it to pass unpunished. Our community was shocked by the action of the British authorities in India, in blowing from their guns the prisoners of war whom they had captured ; but their deeds of blood pale before the infamous murders by Chivington perpetrated under the authority and in the name of the United States.' Report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. July 14, 1868. No Avonder the heart of some of the most enlightened reformers in the city of New York was stirred to the very bottom on reading this account of Chivington's outrage, which far exceeded that committed by the Indians in 1676, 202 years ago ; for that was a dark age compared with the light of the age in which we live. Again we quote from Tecumwega whose spirit communication we introduced in our second article of this series. 'I came here not to teach Congress how to make laws, nor statesmen, judges, nor lawyers to enforce them ; but I have come with a message from the Great Spirit, who says all men are born equal, red, black, or white, with equal rights and privileges under similar circumstances. This great republic has SHAJKJER MAJSTIIPESTO. ICO THE SHAKER JVLAJSTrETESTO. grown strong and powerful, and its people have become as proud and lofty, in their imaginations, as the tall cedars of the forest. 'You say sir, my white brother, that the Indian loves to roam throughout the dense forest, in pursuit of the deer, and so he does. You say you have now and then educated one of his number and as soon as he was educated he went again to his people in the far west. You also say that it is perfectly natural for him to hunt and fish for a living and he is in his element in doing so. All this is very true. But I would ask my white brother one question : Which would you consider the best course to take with the Indians, to send Missionaries among them and form them into order, and establish schools for the benefit of their children; or take the course you and your forefathers have taken for the last 200 years ? 'The leaders of this great republic may take the course which they and their predecessors have taken for all time to come, and the Indian will remain the same poor ignorant native of the soil. But a few years more will roll around when the leaders of this highly favored land, this free Republican Government, will have to make a final decision in regard to the Indians, as to what course they will take, whether to banish them beyond all lands that will ever be annexed to the U. S. or educate them as a people, that they may become useful citizens on a more equal footing with the white man.' North Union, Ohio.