METALLIC SALTS DANIEL FRASER In a recent issue of one of the public papers a few remarks were made on alkaline salts; advising their omission from the dietary of children. My studies have led to the same desirable conclusion. A child, as far as animal life and growth are concerned, is a vital, chemical machine. Observe, for a moment, what an amount of chemical power there is in its system ! The child will take milk, and pulverized grains, and speedily they are transformed into bone, muscle, brain etc. In human food there is a small percentage of alkaline matter, though it is not assimilated. The special design of excretory organs is to remove from our bodies all unassimilable matter ; and it is a remarkable fact, that the bowels and skin co-operate with the kidneys, whose special duty it is to carry off alkaline matter in solution. The study of these organs emphatically indicate, that the removal of the solutions of alkaline matter from within the vital domain, is of primal importance. This is also true of the volatile alkali ; as it is of the metallic salts. Alkaline matters in solution, are the waste products of vital, chemical action; and they are thrown off, as does the chemist the residuum of his works. It is stated that saleratus and soda are metallic salts ; their bases are the metals potassium and sodium. In their caustic state they are poisons ; as used in cookery they are disguised with carbonic acid gas, and like arsenic, when taken in small quantities, are not immediately destructive ; but when the use of THE SHAKER M-AJSTIIPESTO. 16X them in food is long continued, they are as stated to be, 'unfavorable to muscular action.' Tired, languid feelings are the inheritance of those who daily use these metallic salts. These poisons communicate their nature to everything they touch; our food, and our blood they strike with a measure of death. They have an affinity for carbonic acid gas—the gas of death,—and venous blood for oxygen—the gas of life and activity. Hence the impropriety, or rather the criminality of countenancing the use of saleratus and soda in food. About twenty five years ago I had charge of a company of young persons. I took care that these chemicals were excluded from their diet. The activity of body and ability of these young people were all I could desire ; and of late I have seen similar results. The sooner the said chemicals are ex- cluded from our dietary, the better. In my next subject, attention will be drawn to the various chemicals, and their adulterations now in use. A concluding article will briefly show how to supply our tables with wholesome and palatable bread, without the use of metallic salts. Attention has already been drawn to the effects of saleratus and soda when used in food. Other chemicals are also used. The following is a list of them and their adulterations : Cream of Tartar is a bitartrate of potash and is largely used both as a medicine and in the preparation of bread and cakes. It has been adulterated with tartrate of lime, chalk, finely ground, white marble, with sulphate of lime, (Plaster of Paris) sand, salt-petre, alum, sulphate of soda, and chloride of potash. Also, it has been found to contain as impurities, iron, copper, lead and arsenic. Acid sulphate of soda, the residuum from making nitric acid has been largely used to adulterate cream tartar ; it has also been found adulterated to the extent of twenty five per cent with plaster of Paris! Professor Charles F. Jackson who had listened to the report of the convention held in Boston, on 'Home Adulterations,' stated, 'that it had come to his notice that the cream of tartar used in making bread, is made up in part of ground rice and alum.' Mr. Hollis of Boston, stated, 'that soda ash was sold for saleratus ;' and Mr. Dix of New York said, that it was 'within his knowledge that one firm in that city used annually one hundred tons of soda ash in manufacturing saleratus, while other establishments used the same article in making saleratus !' Magnesia is also used in food. It is a metallic alkaline earth, and is sold in the form of a white powder. Alum is much used in bread making ; it is a compound of Oil of Vitriol and pure clay ; is called sulphate of alumina, or Blue vitriol—oil of vitriol and copper—has been long in use by public bakers. Baking powders, yeast powders and the chemicals mixed with flour called ''•self 'raising flour,' are acid compounds, and carbonated alkalies. The following is a specimen of baking powders : Two tablespoonfuls of cream tartar, one tablespoonful of bi-carbonate of soda; add them to two pints of flour. Here we have three tablespoonfuls of chemicals to two pints of flour. Those who make use of self raising flour, yeast powders &amp;c, subject themselves to continuous drugging; for alkaline matter acidified, is aperient, cathartic, and diuretic. Surely, alkaline matters and their acid TL63 THE SHAKER compounds or combinations, (to say nothing of alum, magnesia, and plaster of Paris) were never intended by the Divine Mind to be served up at our tables in bread and cakes: such a departure from simplicity is evidence of progression in a very wrong direction. If these chemicals and their adulterations referred themselves to, and effected only the digestion which takes place in the stomach and duodenum, and which may be called the gastric and biliary digestions, and had no effect on the relation that man bears to the atmosphere, then the mischief done would be less aggravated : but there is a digestion beyond the gastric and biliary, of a higher order, which takes place in the lungs, wherein atmospheric air is decomposed; one part of it, the oxygen, is appropriated and identified with the blood ; and the other parts are expelled from the body ; this may be termed pneumatic di^gestion—digestion by air. The all-wise Creator has imparted to the blood of all animals a peculiar power, which chemists call an affinity for oxygen : when fresh portions of venous blood arrive at the lungs, the oxygen of the air inhaled is absorbed ; should the process of absorption be arrested but for a few minutes, life would become extinct. Therefore, it is important that nothing enter the circulation with the blood the chemical action of which, is in the least degree antagonistic to the chemical affinity which the Divine hand has impressed on the vital fluid. Now what are the chemical affinities of alkaline matter in solution ? and what are their effects on animal matter ? They have an affinity for carbonic acid gas, and that they will take it from the air ; and that they act energetically on vegetable and animal tissues, changing their character, and impressing them with their own. When solutions of alkaline substances are rubbed between the fingers they produce a soapy feeling, in consequence of a partial decomposition of the cuticle. They cannot be assimilated, and must act according to their nature ; first, they lessen the affinity of the blood for oxygen ; second, they partially decompose the blood. This subject might now be closed, and the reader left to draw his own inferences, and decide whether it is safe to allow such substances as have been described to commingle with his blood; merely reminding him, that the vital fluid is a compound of muscle, bone, nerve, and all the other tissues of his body in a fluid state, easily impressed, and characterized by living, delicate affinities. But seeing that heavy capitals are invested in making chemicals for selfraising flour &amp;c, parties can be found reporting that alkaline matter is not hurtful, but beneficial. For instance 'Dyspeptic Saleratus,' is brought forth as a medicine, and an array of medical testi- mony to sustain it. Therefore it will be well to meet them on their own ground, and accept their position, to sustain the contrary whereof they affirm. Let us hear what Liebig, the first chemist of our day has to offer on the sxxbject. He states: 'All salts with alkaline bases, when administered to man internally, in dilute solutions, may again be detected in the blood; and the transit of these substances produces disturbance in the organism. It is manifest, that the presence of these salts must produce a change in the process of respiration; a part of the oxygen, inspired, which usually combines with the blood, must, when M^NTIPKISTO. THE SHAKER 163 they are present, combine with their acids, and thus be prevented from performing its usual office—vitalizing the blood—the consequence of this, must be the formation of arterial blood in less quantity,' and one may add of poorer quality. Here we see in the first place, that alkaline matter finds its way to the blood. Second, it produces disturbance in the organism. Third, the quantity of good blood is lessened and impaired by the presence of these salts. Liebig does not stand alone in the above testimony ; he is surrounded by others each a host in himself; such as Schwencke, Pitcairne, and Thackery. They testify, that the carbonate of potash, soda, and ammonia, have a particular effect in attenuating the blood, breaking up its coagulating power, and inducing a diminished vital cohesion of the various textures formed from it. The foregoing testimony covers all the ground we wish to occupy; but here comes the man who presents the highest form of self-raising flour in the market. He has the honor to represent the department of acid phosphate of lime, (old bones acidified) potash, and carbonic acid gas, muriatic acid and soda. He is in a state of considerable concern that the public should know that he has got the article, with numerous adulterations, which can be put in at one end of a loaf of bread, and by a little chemical legerdemain brought out at the other common salt! Let his old bones and acids alone, and the flour that contains them. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.