EDITORIAL NOTES MATERIALIZATIONS BY SPIRITS The excellent reports we have received of the materializations of scores of Shaker spirits at Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. give large credit to the ideas that such materializations are possible, and genuine facts. In rooms that were quite unused for such representations, and from cabinets arranged under Shaker supervision, there proceeded very many evidences of materializations, by the spirits of whilom, life long companions, whose representations and conversations forbade the idea of fraudulent imposition. We are not sure of the fact, but Mt. Lebanon may yet become a Mecca for those who are now, materialistic unbelievers in truths of spirit returns and physical embodiments. 'METALLIC SALTS' Our Bro. D. Frazer begins a series of articles, which however unready we are to accept as true, will do us all much M^JNTEEHESTO. 168 THE SHAKER M^JNTIKESTO. good to study and to investigate by practice. Custom, no doubt, puts down our throats and into our stomachs much poisonous matter ; and yet, many more will become martyrs, because we prefer to die prematurely, than to live longer by living consistently. Let us give his series good heed. 'ACT YOUR FAITH' If we meet with opposition from within or from without, let us endeavor to act according to the best spiritual instruction and belief. It is an unsafe caution for us to 'act our faith ;' as evidenced by that earnest defender of consecrated property, who, during the visitation of the Ohio Mob to the Shakers, was stationed at the head of the stairs, with instructions to prevent any one ascending. On the approach of two ruffians, he cried out: 'Elder Benjamin, what shall I do?' '¦'¦Act your faith;' came back in response, with all expectation that he would act upon the principle of non-resistance—refraining from physical violence. But iiAll right!' was his response, as raising a chair, he brought it violently down on the head of the leader, at which all fled. The result of this misunderstanding was no doubt fortunate; but in acting our faith, we should, as Christians, act Christ nevertheless.