For the Children QUONDAM SAILOR CHAP.VI We found our Scotch bonnet a poor protection to our heads under the rays of a tropical sun, and felt needy of a thin, light hat very much. At first we saw no way of supplying this want until finding part of an old hat among the rubbish of the huts. It was made of notched sinnet; and by picking this apart, carefully separating each strand, we were able to braid some like it from a kind of palm that grew near our retreat. Of this material we made us good hats, that afforded ample protection from the sun ; but in sewing them we used nearly all of our good linen thread with which we were very sorry to part. This was in the month of June 1842. We kept our reckoning on a little paper we had brought ashore with us, which was about as large as a common sheet of letter paper. Part of this we used for a notice to put up in our hut when we were absent, stating that there were two men living there who had gone, up the river fishing, but would soon return; also that they were in want of some fishhooks and lines, and would be grateful for a supply. On the edge of the beach before mentioned, were numbers of fine large cocoa-nmt trees whose tops inclined over the water; so much so that when the nuts dropped from the trees, they fell into the water. We loved this little group of trees more than any others we saw on the island; not only because they were beautifully located, but that other forlorn beach compeers had noticed those very trees, we were assured; by the names and dates ingeniously carved on their trunks. The reading of these quaint autographs, seemed to bring us into communion with those American sailors whose hands had traced them; for it was evidently done by hands that had abundant leisure, from the nice finish of the lettering; and that it was the work of the former occupants of the huts, we were sure; as a visit like that of our boats would not have given time for such nice carvings; however, we left it as we found it, and have never learned who completed the work. One day John and I were up to the beach for a feast of roast fish, and cocoa-nuts ; and on our way home came suddenly upon a hen and her chickens. The hen ran under the palmetto bushes out of reach, but John was too quick for the little chicks, and secured his prize by putting his cap over two of them, and taking them home. Among the rubbish of the hut where we tarried, we had found a rudely constructed bird cage, made we supposed by some of our beach combining predecessors. This we attempted to repair as a coop for our little feathered charge, and while I was at work on it, my brother had the sun-glass trying to make a fire by which to cook our supper. The sun was now getting very low, and there were rain clouds drifting across its face, making it difficult to obtain focal heat enough to set fire to the cocoa-nut husk, which he held in his hand; and becoming impatient with his ill-success I offered to change with him. Taking the glass from him, and while waiting for a cloud to pass the sun, I chanced to look closely at the lower edge of the horizon and espied a very small speck not appparently bigger than my little finger; from having often seen vessels on the ocean at a great distance, I knew it was a sail, and in the excitement of the unexpected sight, I shouted, Sail ho ! so loud that my brother jumped up, being startled by my noise, and eagerly asked; Where-away? I pointed to the little speck just at the edge of the western horizon. At first we were fearful that it was our ship coming back to get us, but as the sail neared the island we saw she had but two masts, and was a smaller vessel than the Wm. C. Nye. We succeeded in making a fire with our sun-glass, and collecting a large pile of dry palm leaves we set them on fire, and soon after put on a large amount of green boughs which made a great smoke, this was seen by the men on deck of the vessel; one of whom was the second mate, who I afterwards learned said to the officers ;—'What will you wager that there are not some men there, who will want a passage with us down to Tahiti?' —the place the schooner was then from. This saying of the second mate's proved correct, for it was the place above all others where I wanted to go. The wind being light the little vessel came on toward the island very slowly, at last she passed us, or the point where our hut was, and was lost to our sight behind a point of cocoa-nut trees farther to the eastward. We had almost given up the idea of seeing more of the sail, when a large boat full of men appeared in sight, pulling directly for the shore where we were standing. As they approached we could see that they were all natives except the man who was steering the boat, and when near enough to be heard, we invited him to land, which he did with a native woman—his wife—leaving the crew to pull the boat up the narrow passage into the lagoon. We introduced ourselves to the white man, and learned that his name was Louie, that he was a native of France, and was in the employ of the American Consul at Tahiti, and his partner, Captain Hall of Boston, was on board the schooner, in which he had come to the island for the purpose of making cocoa- nut oil. The natives were from the Parmoto islands —a group east of the Society islands—Fanning's island is very much like the Parmoto, and these natives of Louie's'seemed wild with ('elight. As the boat entered the lagoon one of their number speared a shark, which was drawn up on the beach and was striking violently about with his head and tail, when Louie drew a long Malay Creese which he wore all the time, and thrust it through the shark killing him instantly; they soon had a fire, and were feasting on their shark. They had been on the schooner more than a month, which was serious confinement for these active creatures. Louie told us not to catch any more fish, as the natives would supply us, which they did. The schooner was becalmed off the island two days, and while waiting for it to come in, my brother and I went a long distance to the eastward, with Louie and some of his natives. We went in the capacity of guides, (having previously been around the island) to show our new friends the extensive open plain, or marsh, where we had seen such vast numbers of boobies with their nests on the ground, and which Louie was quite anxious to secure. This we attempted, but gave it up after travelling .several miles, for the sun was getting low, and we made our way back to the hut. When we came to the outlet, or channel of the lagoon, the boat was there ready to take us over to our island home, and I thought as I crossed this channel if we had been the owners of a boat, even a very small one, it would have saved us many a weary mile of travel, in going around the island. On looking out to sea as we crossed the tidal passage, we saw the schooner standing in, and Louie said he would go off to her, and invited me to accompany him and the crew, leaving several natives with my brother on shore. As we neared the schooner we could see that her crew had harpooned one or more porpoises ; one of them had just been hauled in on deck by a fluke line as we came along, and as we clambered up the side and were high enough to look over the bulwarks, a rather comical sight met our view, at least, such of our company as possessed 'whaleman's eyes.' The porpoise was flapping violently, and had actually cleared the main deck of every body. Some had taken to the rigging for refuge, while the captain and his mates with two native women, were safe on the high quarter deck of the schooner. I had helped catch a great many porpoises, and in cutting them in pieces had learned where they could be killed most easily, so with my sheath knife I tapped the porpoise under the fin killing it instantly. xvo THE SHAKER 1-71 A negro cook of the vessel who had been on whaling expeditions, seemed delighted at seeing it killed so quickly, and jumped anc shouted saying, 'that fellow has broke black skin before.' The skin of whales being mostly black, this expression is very common among whalemen. After speaking of harpooning a whale, I was received very kindly by the captain and all on board. The second mate, an Englishman, came in the name oJ the captain, and offered myself and brother a passage to the Society islands, Thanking him for his .offer I very gladly accepted it, a: it was the place I wished to go to most, as I was acquainted in Eimeo having been there two different times during a former passage in the ship Phenix of New London. (to be continued.)