THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Are Shakerism and Christianity Synonyms? Shakerism is not creed-binding in its effects on the mind. It does not claim to be the best religion for the masses ; but rather, it insists that but few are capable of its requirements. We claim that it is a Providential provision for those who are sick unto death of all that constitutes the world ; for those, ripened to the harvest of Christianity, and who are able to die for it daily, and to live for it continually. We claim that it is the best illustration of Christianity today; and now, even as centuries ago was realized, we repeat: 'All men cannot receive Shakerism.' In the present condition of the people at large—a time when pure, practical religion is at very low ebb—it is very well for Shaker societies, that they are not numerically larger. Every individual in any of these societies, who does not realize that Shakerism is a boon most excellent, in other respects than in mere earthly providences, is an obstacle ; is one too many, and the society is the weaker for his or her presence. We do not plead Shakerism nor Christianity because of the peculiar features per se in the possession of each ; and only because we find in their practical workings, superior and more spiritual manhood and womanhood—find that they make of us fit companions for those whom we esteem angelic beings—do we exalt the systems for the superior salvation of the nations, when, and as fast as they 'are able to receive them.' Shakerism and Christianity—synonyms—are M.A.IINrrEr'ESTO. THE SHAKER 16 7 simply terms, and we claim no more for them, as such, than for any other denominational affixes. There is no salvation in either appellation ; and only as we use the titles to make it understood that our lives are superior to Jews, Gentiles, etc. we disgrace the titles and put our profession to open shame. We believe celibacy—pure virginity— to be superior to marital relations, because it makes us feel better, purer, in our estimation of a most superior happiness. It relieves us from many worldly cares, and from temptations to the practice of many corroding, unspiritual, scortative lusts. Inasmuch as it would make any happier, and those around them more heavenly, it should be practiced at any cost of self-denial. And the time will come, when the world at large will realize greater comfort at the nearer approach of their lives to celibacy, than is, or has ever been felt by a greater departure from it. To every one, approaching the conditions of angelhood in this life, there appears in that degree, heaven on earth. Passing from the earth, such find an easy affinity for those who live as the angels do ; while those who delight only in sensual indulgences will find a selfdenial forced upon them by and by from the fact of an incapability to indulge ; and this incapability will be hell. And so with all Christian peculiarities or demands upon its professors. In the heaven of the Christian there is no marriage nor sexual lusts; no private, selfish interests; no war nor worldly contentions. But pure, unselfish love rules ; and its fruits are heavenly all the time. Those who love the world more than they love to practice the life of Christ, are the children of the world. Let such marry, live selfishly, love their own best; go to war, kill and be killed, live and die gratifying worldly ambitions. But let the children of the Resurrection prove their worthiness to heirship and discipleship by renunciation of the world, and following the Lamb, where the Lamb led in life practice. Only what Christ lived for, and died for, are found in the demands of Shakerism today? Who is a Christian, such is a Shaker.