A TIMELY SUGGESTION ELIJAH MYRICK Do not keep the alabaster boxes of your love and tenderness sealed up until your friends are dead. Fill their lives, with sweetness. Speak approving, cheering words while their ears can hear them, and while their hearts can be thrilled by them. The things you mean to say when they are gone, say before they go. The flowers you mean to send for their coffins, send to brighten and sweeten their homes before they leave them. If my friends have alabaster boxes laid away, full of perfumes of sympathy and affection, which they intend to break over my dead body, I would rather they would bring them out in my weary hours, and open them, that I may be refreshed and cheered by them while I need them. I would rather have a bare coffin without a flower, and a funeral without a eulogy, than a life without the sweetness of love and sympathy. Let us learn to anoint our friends be- forehand for their burial. Post-mortem kindnesses do not cheer the burdened spirit. Flowers on the coffin cast no fragrance backward over the weary days. Voice of Angels. Since we make our own heaven, instead of relying on a remote, ideal one, located somewhere; let us heed the ''suggestion' and open our alabaster boxes of precious ointments—love, sympathy, charity, and all the flowering virtues which find expression in willing, generous acts, to those present with us today. Now is our opportunity. The unappreciative dead—the deserted tenements—are not the objects on which to confer such benefits. MLAJsnaErESTO. 164 THE SHAKER If through envy, jealousy, or selfishness, we refuse the ointment of friendship and appreciation to the living, our eulogies, and tokens over the dead, are but lying frauds. The most potent requiem is the heart-felt grief at parting with a true friend. The plain coffin, and white emblems of unvarnished honesty, with purity of life, have ever been Shaker customs. Their passport to the next phase of existence is a home-made heaven within. The black shroud, indicative of darkness and death, is banished hence ; since the veil which so long separated the two worlds is pierced by the light of present revelation. 'A life sweet in itself, exercised in good, shall survive both name and memory.' Harvard, Mass.