THE ESSENTIAL WM. H. BUSSELL The grades and forms of life appear to be innumerable. Doubtless, each has some special significance, though, in many cases, not yet made evident to the human mind. To the Infinite all things are simple, but to the finite capacity many seem complicated and difficult of solution. Man needs to know what among the whole are necessary for his present welfare, and to feel the assurance that all things will become clear in the future as his power to investigate increases. There seems no limit to this power in man. At the present time he contains within him- self the treasures of all past ages. Those, it ns true, have been handed down embedded in a mass of apparent rubbish, like gold in the midst of various other materials. But however tenacious of their treasure these may be, they are obliged to yield to the separating forces applied to them, and the valued metal appears at last free from all its incumbrances. Truth is essential. Though from age to age it has seemed to be mixed with error, yet its nature has not been changed thereby. It never was the Divine intention to reveal all truth at once, only that which is essential for the time being; its highest forms are reserved for the latest times ; or it would have been so revealed, and there would have been no need of investigating and inquiring here and there where truth is to be found; in fact, there would have been in man no faculty for investigation and discovery. Is the All-Wise anxious in respect to the estimation in which he shall be held by his creatures? If so, he would have endowed them at once with the proper powers of appreciating himself. But from the beginning the objects of Divine worship have been, the sun, moon and stars; beasts of various kinds ; men remarkable for their physical endowments ; creatures of the imagination— gods and goddesses—possessing all the human passions and vices; an eternal beingstyled God, yet limited in his attributes and mode of existence ; and yet another who, according to some theological authorities, ventured to set himself up as the rival of the last M-AJVEFEISTO. THE SHAKBE M-AJNTEETESTO. 15 r gradual learner. The most essential thing is that each individual should know himself thoroughly and what is best adapted to his particular case. There are general laws applicable to all persons, and there are particular rules far more numerous than the general. These are all stringent because they are intended to make strictly upright men and women— ' 'Who know their rights and knowing dare maintain,' in spite of the clamor of appetites and passions pleading for self indulgence. Who shall know also how to respect the rights of each other in all the relations of social life and yet make social life infinitely preferable to the solitary's cell. When all shall have learned to govern themselves in accordance with Divine Love, then those cumbersome machines called civil government will no longer be needed. Religious parties and theological rules will be superseded by a state of things in which the in- dividual shall belong completely to the whole and the whole devoted supremely to the individual. Groveland, 2V. Y.