THE SHAKER MANIFESTO AN OFFICIAL MONTHLY. G. A.. LOMA8 Editor. Shakers, 3ST. Y. VOL. VIII.—JULY. 1878.—No. VII. PRAYER ELDER GILES B. AVERY There is a deeply seated corruption in human nature ; and its influence is widely disseminated. While this remains, humanity soils, blots and adulterates nearly all it grasps. So does it affect the gifts of prayer, praise and worshipthey are banefully made a trade. There is an illustrative story, of a Chinese habit of having prayers printed on rolls of paper, and wound off by machinery, while the suppliant utters, as he hies to his slumbers. 'Those, O Lord, are my sentiments.' It is also related of General Putman, when admonished by General Washington for swearing, that he replied, 'Which is the worse, to swear thinking no evil, or to pray thinking no good?' The present theological standards of the creeds of Christendom, (so called,) are immensely humanized, corrupted; making truth mystified ; consequently, when simple truth is revealed, and shines upon these banners, multitudes of sincere and unsophisticated souls cannot march under their authority; thus church going—meetings for religious devotion and culture—are largely abandoned. Under this influence, the unenlightened, and multitudes of the young and unstable, are left without a proper Christian culture, even without church discipline, (which is measurably good in all denominations,) to grow up under the influence of giddy worldliness, almost amounting to barbarism ; and infidelity to all religion, perhaps, to Grod ! So of the gift of prayer, it has been so pharisaically used, so mixed with human ambition, pride and vain glory, by those of the character admonished by our Savior, 'Who love to pray standing in the market places and in the streets that they may be seen of men.' Or 'love to make long prayers' verbally, 'that they may be honored for their much speaking,' as to be a curse rather than a blessing. The observation of this fact produces a tendency in weak, unbalanced minds, to neglect prayer, or, to reject the sacred service altogether. Experience manifests this to be a very grave error, the effects of which are cognizant to any well matured, observing mind, and keenly felt by every living spirit. Of sincere, earnest, unadulterated prayer, it has been truly observed : Praying will cause souls to leave off sinning; Or sinning will cause them to leave off praying. THE SHAKEE But, there are three kinds of prayer: The praying trade ; the prayer of hope and faith,—dependent confidence ; and the prayer of works. The two latter alone are available. Hypocrisy, used in the profession oi a virtue, or the practice of a principle in the conduct of life, or the misuse and abuse of a virtue, brings it into disrepute, in the estimation of the sincere. A laborer, toiling for wages, and paid in counterfeit bank bills, would contract a very poor opinion of bank notes. Thus, the profession of Christianity, with all its devotional duties, having many counterfeit creeds of faith, and hypocritical ceremonies of devotion, while the actual life-character of multitudes of its professors gives their Chris- tian profession the lie ; causes Christianity to be spurned by many non-professors, and by heathen nations, these not being able to appreciate such Christianity as a blessing. The same principle is applicable to many of the best graces and gifts of a godly life. Singing, rightly used, is a most beautiful gift to humanity, and among the most excellent in the devotions of a Christian, but, being abused by multitudes,—used to minister to human, evil passions, folly and sin, the honest Quaker rejects it, as being inappropriate to the worship of God. The same may be said of dancing ; and, perhaps, no gift has been more lamentably abused than the Christian ordinance of auricular confession to God of sin, in presence of living witnesses ; corrupting the ordinance, so as to become an abominable curse, in the manner that multitudes use it, thus inducing a determination to reject it altogether ; although used in a godly manner, it is the basis of soul freedom from the power of sin. A proper object of prayer, of the genuine type, is to produce a soul fitness for the reception of God's blessings ; to give it possession of dependence, hope and confidence Godvvard ; to open unto the soul the avenues of spiritual light, life, love and peace ; and to introduce to it communion with the heavenly hosts. The prayer of works, in conformity to God's laAvs, should accompany the prayer of supplication. Even the products of the material world, manifest this phase of prayer, so that the poet has deftly sung: 'The unknown mountains send forth their voices to the stars,' (for balancing force.) 'Even the rocks become poetic' (speaking firmness) 'And the shrubs sing,' (in supplications for light and moisture.) The suppliant tendril of the slender vine imploringly reaches forth its tiny arms for aid, in support of the vine : the blushing flower leans its filmy petals to the light, supplicating the tender kisses of the sunbeams ; each opening flower bud, every expanding leaf and stretching shoot, or pendant branch, manifests its silent prayer, dependent upon dew and sunshine. And, in the language of philosophy even the minerals and waters become linguists, and answer to the silent prayer of dependence in man for aid in all the multiform issues of life. But, to obtain the benefits of these bounteous provisions, man must exercise a working prayer ; seek out the most advantageous methods, apply his talent, skill, give his earnest attention to the object of his pursuit; he cannot receive the answer of his prayers while he sits idly, resting in supine indifference. Spiritual elements are no less real;, and spiritual cause and consequence no m: .ajsttetesto . 154= THE SHAKER 155 less secure. Beyond all question, the moving forces of creation are spiritual; 'For what is form, or what is face, But the soul's index, or its case?' Thus, even more potently does there exist, in the spirit spheres, the substances and powers requisite to respond to all the supplicating needs of humanity. Seeing, feeling, and possessing positive knowledge of this fountain, having been ministered unto bountifully therefrom in answer to prayer, Jesus could appropriately teach : 'Seek, and ye shall find, ask, and ye shall receive ; knock, and it shall be opened unto you ; for he that seeketh, findeth; and, unto him that knocketh, it shall be opened.' 'If a man ask bread, will ye give him a stone ? if he ask a fish will ye give him a serpent? If ye, then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Heavenly Father know how to give good gifts to them who ask Him !' Thus, prayer is a Christian duty. And the soul, to obtain spiritual power and treasure, must work for it, as really as the physical body does for its support. Souls who thus keep a sacred habitation in their hearts for God, and humbly, prayerfully, earnestly, and persistently seek His blessing, place them- selves in a state of recipiency of His bountiful provisions, thus procuring a supply, even though our God were not the dispenser of Special Providences.Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.