EDITORIAL NOTES MATERIALIZATIONS BY SPIRITS The excellent reports we have received of the materializations of scores of Shaker spirits at Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. give large credit to the ideas that such materializations are possible, and genuine facts. In rooms that were quite unused for such representations, and from cabinets arranged under Shaker supervision, there proceeded very many evidences of materializations, by the spirits of whilom, life long companions, whose representations and conversations forbade the idea of fraudulent imposition. We are not sure of the fact, but Mt. Lebanon may yet become a Mecca for those who are now, materialistic unbelievers in truths of spirit returns and physical embodiments. 'METALLIC SALTS' Our Bro. D. Frazer begins a series of articles, which however unready we are to accept as true, will do us all much M^JNTEEHESTO. 168 THE SHAKER M^JNTIKESTO. good to study and to investigate by practice. Custom, no doubt, puts down our throats and into our stomachs much poisonous matter ; and yet, many more will become martyrs, because we prefer to die prematurely, than to live longer by living consistently. Let us give his series good heed. 'ACT YOUR FAITH' If we meet with opposition from within or from without, let us endeavor to act according to the best spiritual instruction and belief. It is an unsafe caution for us to 'act our faith ;' as evidenced by that earnest defender of consecrated property, who, during the visitation of the Ohio Mob to the Shakers, was stationed at the head of the stairs, with instructions to prevent any one ascending. On the approach of two ruffians, he cried out: 'Elder Benjamin, what shall I do?' '¦'¦Act your faith;' came back in response, with all expectation that he would act upon the principle of non-resistance—refraining from physical violence. But iiAll right!' was his response, as raising a chair, he brought it violently down on the head of the leader, at which all fled. The result of this misunderstanding was no doubt fortunate; but in acting our faith, we should, as Christians, act Christ nevertheless. PROGRESS It is a good sign, to find so many outspoken opponents to war among the ministers of the many denominations professedly Christian. Within fifty years large progress has been made in gaining converts to the truth that war is unchristian in its every phase. We are very glad to be able to count on the increase of so much rationality ; and while not intending to dampen the ardor of every Christian ad- vocate for peace as against war, we use this occasion to express the hope, that Christian light will break upon more multitudes, that they may see that marriage, private property, pride of life and of dress, rich and poor, worldly politics and ambitions, are no more found in Christ than is -war—are no more Christian than is war. A Christian's life is patterned after Christ's. OUR BANNER Millions of dollars are spent by the Churches annually to farther sectarian principles ; and much sincerity of honest belief, is manifested by church goers, through their strong desire to promulgate their especial creeds by giving largely for missionary purposes. Ours is a Church doctrine having no sectarian ends to accomplish other than . to invite, persuade and induce all who are able, to live like Jesus. We thus may find genuine association with every honest professor of Christianity, who, yet unable to live so self-denyingly and unworldly, is yet glad that others are able, and who feels a pride in giving a mite to sustain our Banner—The Manifesto. Let us give our mites, mights and lives to sustain genuine Christ prin- ciples and The Manifesto. A Good Beginning A new, religious movement has just started in Michigan; is 'prospering wonderfully,' having as its only test of membership the following, very sensible paragraph. We want to enroll ourselves members of that church, and to hold out the petition for other signatures. We are on the road to a perfect the. ology : 'We believe Christianity is not a belief, merely, but rather a life; that the sayings of Christ are the plainest possible statement of religious truth and constitute the only true theology; that any person who believes and earnestly tries to live in accordance with those sayings is entitled to church privileges.'