GIVING ONE'S LIFE DR. THOMPSON In the many excellent counsels to candidates for the ministry, given in lectures at New Haven and elsewhere, I have met with nothing upon that power of the pastor which is of all the most rare, the most delicate, the most potent—the power of a vivifying personality. This is the moral analogue of that miracle of Christ which was perhaps the most subtile and spiritual of all his wonders—that is, the most completely dissociated from an open and formal manifestation of power. The woman who had suffered so much from disease and so much more from costly but worthless remedies did not present herself to Jesus for healing, nor so much as call upon him for help; but, feeling the magnetism of his personality, and saying to herself, 'If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole,' she stole behind him through the crowd, and touched his garment, 'and straightway the fountain of her blood was dried up, and she felt in her body that she was healed of that plague.' Jesus, 'immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him,' turned and sought her, and blessed and confirmed her faith. The 'virtue,' the power of helping and healing, was in him as part of his personality, and ready to answer the call of faith; and so quick and tender was his sympathy with a confiding sorrow that he was instantly conscious when his strength was drawn upon for relief. He knew when virtue had gone out of him, though it had been drawn by the most silent, timid touch. The text makes the sermon. Have a strength that will draw others to you with the confidence of help. Have a sympathy which will make you conscious that, in giving help, you have parted with something of yourself. This strength lies in thorough manliness, in transparent honesty, in proved unselfishness, in clear and practiced judgment, in nicety of honor, in broad and kindly thought and feeling for mankind, in energy of action . and endurance for the right and the good, in supreme regard for truth and God. These are attributes of personality; and he whose daily life, however modest and retiring, witnesses to such qualities is certain to draw to him such as seek the strength of counsel, the comfort of sympathy, the repose of con- fidence. Some of these qualities are more natural to some men than to others, more in accord with temperament and with circumstances of birth and training; but, wisely cultivated, they make a character like the growth of an oak—hale and sturdy. MANIFESTO. THE SHAKER But a strong personality alone would not fulfill the conditions of the text. The personality must also be vivifying. With strength must be blended sympathy; and this not alone the sympathy of impartation, hut the sympathy of participation. There is a sympathy, sincere and helpful, which imparts relief in words and gifts. But far more precious and more sustaining is the sympathy that makes the sorrow its own, and, in giving relief, gives something of its own virtue, and feels the draft upon the inner source of life, which was the sympathy of Christ. 'He bore our griefs and carried our sorrows,' and no virtue could pass from him without his feeling that a part of his own life had gone forth to heal, to cheer, to save the suppliant. In this qualitv, before all others, the minister of Christ should study tobe like his Master : to give of his strength to the weak so as to feel the giving, to give not words and alms, but soul and life. This is the greatness of his calling—that he gives himself. His sympathy is the transfusion of his own strong, warm heart into the veins of the weak and sinking, that by the virtue that goes out of him others are made sound and strong. When I look upon the grand or the beautiful in art, the sublime in Nature, or hear the finer, nobler strains of music, it is not simply that an impression comes to me through the eye or the ear, which is thereafter to be cherished as a pleasant remembrance. Far, far more than this. There enters into my spiritual organization a new element of life and joy, which shall thenceforth abide with me as a sub-conscious power. I shall be worth so much the more to others by the richness of what I have seen and heard. So, too, when another nature engages my sympathy, I incorporate that being with my own. Not only do I pity, counsel, help, I take up this life into mine to cherish and vitalize with the spiritual forces of my own soul. The minister preaches virtue in the moral sense; but his nobler function is to impart 'virtue,' in the good old Bible sense of vivifying power. It is in this wise, indeed, that he who would follow Christ may still take his life in Ms hand; for there is no strain upon the vital forces like this conscious giving forth of 'virtue.' Study may tell upon the thoughtfunction of the brain; but this sympathy strains the innermost fibres of being. But he who thus sacrifices his own strength in a healing, saving sympathy may die content, in that the virtue that has gone out of him has made of others a new life and power. — The Independent.