THE UNDERGROUND RAILROAD Thoughts suggested upon hearing a lecture delivered by Edwin H. Coats. CECELIA DEVYR Were its directors monied kings, Who buy the statesman from his trust? Or politicians of the rings That chain the Nation in the dust? Nay, they were Men and Women too, Whose souls were roused by slavery's crimes : God's inspiration thrilled them through, And nerved them for those dangerous times. They had no leaders, and no plan Save that which reached them from above; 'Twas love to God, and love to man, That made their work effective prove. On them no Congress e'er bestowed In bounteous boons the public lands ; And no appropriations flowed To them, through great official hands. They had their Charter from the Lord; Their bonds were sacred in His sight; But slavery's base and hireling horde Encompassed them with watchful might. The law, but was it law indeed! And not infringement bold and strong? Can a Republic plant the seed That bears the bitter fruits of wrong? They called it law—the cruel code That gave to slavery its desire ; They called it law, until its load Exploded in rebellion fire. It was the proud aggressor's will, And not the Nation's own decree ; Her olden edict glitters still, That all are equal born, and free. A sword of state that vengeance flamed, Dark prison walls that hugged their gloom, Pines, bloodhounds,—tyrannies unnamed— Combined to work for Freedom's doom. But up and down through every State, This grand mysterious railroad wound; Its baffled foes in rage and hate Declared that it was Underground. For through the solitude, and crowd, It was concealed from selfish eyes ; 'Twas like the pillar and the cloud, It guided and it wrought disguise. Who saw the fire that moved the car? Who knew the signal of alarm? They passed it close, to seek afar, Whose hearts were brooding aught of harm Oft from his hut through storm and rain, Came forth some ssecient tottering slave, To be the foremost at the train, The flying fugitive to save. It always bore its trembling freight Through shadows of the darkest night; M^NTFiraSTO. 156 THE SHAKEE And cleft the folded glooms of fate, With but the North Star for a light. No gladness, only tears, and prayers, And anguish passed along that road, Wild maddening fears and crushing cares, That sent the simple hearts to God. The train that sped the slave away Through solitudes, and busy marts, Still rolled its wheels by night and day, On Abolition hearts. They knew its weight, they knew its strain, And nobly kept their solemn pledge, To bear the burden and the pain, And be for God an opening wedge. A future outline, rough and dim, Grave bodings round the bondman thrown, But childlike faith sufficed for him: He felt, he knew, the yet unknown, For e'en friend Whittier ne'er divined The end, how distant, nor how nigh; But said with firm prophetic mind, That 'Every wrong shall die. For laws of changeless justice bind Oppressor with oppressed, And close as sin and suffering joined, We march to fate abreast.' O! as we read these words that'gleam, And view that miracle—the Past, We know that God with even beam, Shall mete our measure at the last. For when the South her judgement bore, Did East and West and North escape? She had the streaming crimson gore, And they the sable crape. Both symbolize the parted breath Of ghastly soldiers on the field, Who died when slavery met its death; When cannon balls the compact sealed. And still with Whittier, our trust O'er sin and sorrow rises high ; 'We only know that God is just, ,and every wrong shall die,' Toil on brave workers, 'Mind the light,' The Orient flashes o'er the sky, By that great victory won at night, Take courage, 'Every wrong shall die.'' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.