EDUCATION MARTHA J. ANDERSON 'All should be embraced in education, which can promote the formation of the man (and woman) and prepare them for the eternal destiny of their spirits.' Education in its broadest meaning includes not only the culture of the intellectual faculties, but the moral and spiritual also ; while a proper training of the physical powers should not be overlooked. An exclusive development of the intellective group of organs may make the scholar, while the combined unfoldment and harmonious action of mind and body, moulds manhood and womanhood to completeness. There has been a struggle for the right form of education ever since the light of intelligence overcame the gross ignorance of the dark ages, and the long cloistered volumes of classical lore were again opened by the student of letters. At one time the study of the classics was deemed the only means through which a thorough education could be obtained. Greece and Rome were the conservatories of sound learning, and the Greek and Latin authors were infallible guides to the temple of fame. Taste, beauty, exalted sentiment in oratory, and poetic strain, filled the grand ideal of intellectual greatness. While excessive application was required to compass this sphere of knowledge, the effort often resulted in overcrowding the mental with much which was unpractical; and many whose unfolding minds reached forth in a broader freer sphere, became disgusted with learning, or the mode of acquiring mental wealth, because of the undue discipline required to master the thoughts of others. Knowledge should be attractive, and as it becomes subjective and practical, it will draw the youthful mind by its magnetic influences to the pursuance of those studies, and the acquisition of that learning, which shall prove pleasure instead of pain. Much admired ancient authors educated their minds in the contemplation of nature, and study of man; hence they built monuments of thought and painted on life's can- vass, scenes that time cannot erase, nor the blight of ages crumble. It is just this contract we all need to quicken the inert capabilities of the mind, and generate the germs of new born thoughts, that shall be evolved in every living form of grace and beauty. 'Behold what high capacious powers lie folded up in man' and woman, awaiting development in the sphere of education. Strengthen the physical constitution and powers through exercise and labor; invigorate and purify the moral nature in the sunshine of self-denial and temperance, and a basis for an intellectual culture is formed that not only makes the scholar but the man. Those characters are strongest who are selfmade ; and life's exigencies call forth innate powers that expand the mind, and discipline the spirit. The thoughts should not be allowed to run in one channel, or concrete in any set form; this tends to bigotry, superstition and misanthropy. A self-poised individuality, broadening in the sunshine of universal goodness, overleaps the narrow walls ZL5S THE SHAKBE built by dwarfed pigmies ; and, impelled by the unseen but powerful forces; correlated to the ceaseless activities of nature's arcana; the soul develops a life harvest of good, fitted for humanity's needs. An active intelligence should be displayed in all that we do; this ennobles labor, and places on her brow the diamond crown which symbolizes her true worth. The sons and daughters of honest toil, who 'earn their bread by the sweat of their brow,' may de- velop a genius of mind as broad as he who measures the distances of stars, discovers the laws of motion, scintillates in the galaxy of oratory, or excels in ethical philosophy. Only give to education its broadest meaning, then will the masses rise, and the hard hands that till the soil and prepare the viands necessary for the building up of nerve and muscle, be actuated by higher motives in serving than they now are. Science on the farm and in the household, will turn life's drudgery to pleasant occupation. What is an overtaxed brain in a weak and dwarfed body? Children should not only be educated in letters, but also imbued from early childhood with a wholesome love of labor ; apart from school they should be carefully trained in some useful avocation that is adapted to the development of the muscular system. Ancient Rome recognized this in the training of her youth, and her greatest statesmen and generals were proud of their title to the land from which they earned their own subsistence. The great eastern world, still bound to olden customs, and fixed in modes of thought, have never expanded in liberal sentiment toward the education of woman; it remained for the new growing West—where woman seemed naturally to be held in high esteem— to place her on an equal footing with man in spheres of education, and even now with the limited advantages as yet yielded, she quite proves his equal. A young woman—graduate of one of our modern schools—remarked in a sensible essay on the duties of life, that no girl should be allowed to pass examination, nor receive a diploma, unless she could make good bread; as this was the staff of life, and so few housekeepers were proficient in the art; she further suggested that a cuisine department be attached to each seminary where the scholars could be initiated in the proper preparation of food. We add, that land should join all academies, where boys may be taught farming, especially cereal culture; both departments would prove excellent gymnasiums for physical development. The superfluous accomplishments of fashionable society, while they pander to vanity, and self-love, but feebly man the barque that drifts adown the stream of fortune, knowing not on what desolate shore it may strand. It requires strength, courage, and the tactics of stern self-discipline to steer well among the shoals and quicksands of life's restless sea. Man was not created a useless parasite, nor woman a flitting butterfly The noblest of our race have toiled, and fought, and won, in the varied spheres of life which they have occupied; their deeds are not carved in marble, or blazoned in memorials; but, in the glorious truth, that they have left their work of experience, and have made easier the attainment of knowledge and virtue; thus by persevering effort, we may fill and round out our sphere of usefulness; not imitating individual characteristics, neither striving for an eccentric exhibition of our own; but in the uniform cultivation and development of all those faculties that fill a well balanced mind. We may wisely review the thoughts of others, and take pleasure in committing to the wonderful storehouse of memory, beautiful and truthful utterances from gifted poets, sages or philosophers ; yet must we learn to reflect, to observe, and to elucidate our own thoughts independent of others, if we would become rightly educated. The age of ignorance is passing away, we cannot say passed, while the lingering disposition remains to keep either sex, class, or color, under the heel of despotic power or serfdom. ' Increasing intelligence expands throughout the civilized world; yet there is laxity in morals, and spiritual error still darkens the vision of the mentally enlightened. Let us work toward that true form of education, that shall tend to perfect and harmonize man M^LiNrnriESTO. THE 159 and -woman, bringing into requisition the combined faculties of both; thus shall society find a just and equal balance, and civil and religioms government be administered in equity and peace, yielding the greatest good to the greatest number Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.