CHILDREN ELDER F. W. EVANS The class of invited guests, to the feast when the first and second appearing of Christ were united in marriage, received a blessing upon themselves and children. . Those children constituted the second class of invited guests. They, generally, made Believers. The third class, from the highways and hedges—the debris of society—were compelled, by poverty and destitution to come into Shaker societies. This class have, almost universally, gravitated back to the world. A few, of each company of such children, remain as a seed of the future. In the now opening cycle, a class of adults, similar to the first invited, will be called. They are growing up to the Gospel-ripening, like a field of grain for harvest. She, who sitteth upon the white cloud of witnesses, will thrust in her sickle and reap them from earth. Hereafter, when children are taken by Be- lieversj they should be sound in body, bright in intellect, religiously educated and of good parentage. Brought up in the way they should go, when they become men and women, they will not depart therefrom—They will be pillars in the temple of the Lord. Those, who go out, after having had a Gospel privilege, do not lose their faith, but are ministers of it, to the poor in spirit—Their sounding testimony and witness has gone into all the world. A Shaker Society is, to such, as Paradise, from whence they are cast out. They have regretful hearts, and, while wandering in the desert of evil—the wilderness of sin— look, with longing eyes, towards their lost heaven. Oft come their children, with bended knee and humble heart, to those whom their parents forsook, and, at times, persecuted. '0 glorious hope of immortal life! Its blessed joys I am sharing, With zeal renewed, in the upward strife, My spirit for heaven preparing. The Angels of God hover o'er me, While running the heavenly race, And their love, like a shadow of glory, Rests over this hallowed place'—Where self is sacrificed to truth and the Spiritual supplants the natural—Children of the Resurrection. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.