CORRESPONDENCE Characteristic letter from Bro. J. M. Peebles. HE CONFESSES NEGLECT : G. A. Lomas, Dear Bro. If you were not gifted with a rich abundance of good nature, common sense and charily, I should commence these lines with an apology for my sins of omission. Your excellent letters received about the time of my arrival in London, from South Africa continue unanswered; and the reception of papers and pamphlets you forwarded at that time remain unacknowledged ! Can you for- give such delay—such seeming neglect? While self-denial is so divine, I am sure you will not deny yourself the luxury of forgiveness. HIS STYLE OF REBUKING : Now that I've got your attention, I propose to stone you. Stand up and take the missiles manfully; remembering that though 'no chastisement for the present seemeth to be joyous, but grievous, nevertheless afterwards it yieldeth the peaceable fruits of righteousness to those exercised thereby.' THE CAUSE OF HIS REBUKE : I see from The Shaker Manifesto, that in your references to me you have scattered 1L&gt;5 all sorts of barbarous prefixes and annexes about my name; such as 'Rev.' 'Hon.' 'Dr.' etc. It is true that in my more verdant years I was ordained to the ministry by the laying on of sectarian hands—hands as dry and non-magnetic as chips in the scorching summer time. But you will agree with me that it is not the most attractive of sights to see the follies of youth repictured before us! It is equally correct that I was commissioned to fill the Consular position at Trebizonde in Asiatic Turkey during Gen. Grant's administration. But there was nothing very 'honorable' in that. American politics are anything but honorable or honest. The appointment may have been beneficial hi opening to me the gates of the East, and introducing me to the Mohammedans, Brahmins and Buddhists of the Orient. It is also true *that I studied medicine, attended medical lectures, served my time in the dissecting room and received a diploma. But I studied medicine to know how to avoid talcing it, rather than how to admimste' it! HIS MEDICAL PREFERENCES : Really I have more faith in dieting, bathing, catnep tea, sisterly nursing and healinghands controlled by Indian spirits, than all the nasty, pungent medicines ever compounded by apothecaries and pseudo-saddle-bag bearers! HIS CHOSEN TITLES : Therefore write me down as plain James M. Peebles—speak of me in social circles as your Brother James—and refer to me when absent as Bro. James, the Pilgrim, on his way to Zion. HE SOFTENS THE REBUKE : Of course, I understand that in fastening these handles to my name there is no blame to be attached, because in thus doing, you only copied them as you found them in the newspapers of Cape Town, South Africa, India, Ceylon, and other eastern lands. Still they are superfluous, cumbersome, useless, and belong to 'the fashion of this world that passeth away.' HE RESEMBLES A 'NONDESCRIPT CREATURE:' I sometimes permit reporters and commit- tees to use these titles because of the good they hope to accomplish. These are of the world. I am sure that Elder F. W. Evans will grant me some considerable latitudinarianism while locomoting like that nonde- script creature seen in John's vision, 'standing with one foot upon the sea, and the other on the land.' ELDER FKEDERICK'S SCRIPTURE QUOTATIONS : Exactly what the revelator's symbolical vision signifies, /do not know ; but I am sure that Elder Frederick does. He, as you know, is 'mighty in the scriptures;' and also mighty out of them! For, in a controversy, if no 'passage' occurs to him just to his liking, he deliberately makes up one with all the gravity of an apostle. And then, if subsequently told that 'Paul did not say so,' he coolly replies : 'Well, he ought to have said so!' WHAT IS ORTHODOX? Are you sure, my dear Bro., that Elder Frederick, yourself, and Shaker elders generally are soundly 'orthodox?' I am fearful that you believe in neither the infallibility of Pope Leo xiii, nor of King James' version of the Bible ! And then, to make yourselves more uncomely in the eyes of the evangelical world, you believe in visions, spiritual manifestations, perpetual revelations, community of property, and a pentecostal church of peace ! What are evangelical Christians going to do with the Shakers when their day of increase comes? And inasmuch as they will not shoot down their fellow men on battle field, what will the British Government do with you when you establish Shaker societies n England? There are waiting souls there now, ripe, and ready to be harvested. * * * * A SORRY CONCLUSION ! And now, that I am once more on my naive land, after making two circuits of our lanet, I must sorrowfully conclude this leter by saying, that the superior morality of eathen lands is noticed by every unprejuiced traveler! May God and good angels less you and all—including your valiant Standard—The Manifesto. Yours in love, J. M. Peebles