Editorial Notes We are using a number of The Bickford Knitting Machines; and they are very satisfactory indeed Being among 'the wonders in this age' of machinery Their utility and expedition in business should be expt rienced by all, at so small cost. Material for Fences of wood variety is getting scarce. We must soon accept the alternative of no fences, or rely on the 'metal ones offered us by Washburn, Moen Co. We are at a loss to speak as yet, of the best Water Wheel ; but we are at no loss to say that the firms ot Leffel &amp; Co. and N. F. Burnham, who enter into friend. ly competition in our columns,are both most honorable Oftentimes, we are led to regret, that there are un scrupulous persons, who, realizing the solid benefits oi judicious advertising, will use it most freely on some useless or worse than useless articles, and soon retire with fortunes of ill-earned gains. But we can still point to thousands who by a wholesome judicious judgment, have used advertising to their exceeding profit! and to the most creditable advancement of useful materials. Such, we believe our patrons to be. We have taken considerable and particular pains to acquaint ourself with Dr. Frazier's remedies, and find from those using them, only a good report. His Bitters are purely medicinal, and not an intoxicant beverage. Elder James S. Prescott gives his endorsement of Dr. Frazier's Cough Remedy—and he is good authority. We, find Stinson and Co. very honorable in their dealing. Try them. We hope 'everybody and his neighbor' will send us six cents for a copy of 'Plain Talks;' or ten cents, for two copies post paid. It is a pretty book. Please procure it and present it to yoar friend. We are able to speak of the various agricultural implements of Wheeler &amp; Melick Co., and of West' inghouse manufacture. We have tested their Threshers and Powers for years, and found them unexcelled. We would call especial attention to the new advertisement of N. F. Burnham. As enterprise is ever praiseworthy when applied as they apply it, let every one lend this firm a token of praise. If any can do better for the furnish of Dry Goods, etc. than can be done at Wm. M. Whitney &amp; Co., we would be pleased to hear from such party. Take choice and choose soon from among the most beautiful musical instruments advertised in our columns. Quite a number of families are the happier to-day for taking our advice, and buying their Organs and Pianos of - well 'read and you will know.' D. II. Fonda, the most enterprising of Druggists, etc. can be relied upon by parties, near by or distant, who are in want of anything in his line, wholesale and retail. Try him, prove him. Any parties who would learn how we make such good, 'gilt-edged'' butter, must read an article entitled 'Gilt-Edged Butter Maker.'