PROSPECTIVE MARTHA J. ANDERSON We've left the shells by the seashore Gathered in childhood's glee, The blossoms of youth are withered And scattered over the lea; And the sands of life are flowing Steadily one by one Like the spiral circling hours , That pass from sun to sun. Only a few dark shadows Upon our way will fall, Only a few more sunbeams To duty's path will call, Ere the feet shall cease from straying, The eye will dim and fade, And the form with life pulsating In earth be lifeless laid. O the change is coming o'er us! Yet we think not of it now, When the flush of health is on our cheek, And light plays round our brow, When footsteps tell of vigor, And the heart beats free from care, And hands in present duty Are strong to do and bear. Yet anon as years roll o'er us, And the vital tide runs low, When the fires that burned with brightness Emit no fervid glow; Tis then in our quiet hours, In the calm deep realm of thought New scenes of change and action Before the mind are brought. Though memories round us gather, With shades of life's ideal, And things we loved and cherished— That seemed so true and real— Are gliding like phantoms ever To silence and decay, The treasured gain of the spirit Will never pass away. How broad are the fields of progress That open to our view, With the work of life immortal That's given us yet to do; And we feel a noble impulse Thrilling the mind and heart, Giving us strength of purpose, To act the Christian's part. O what is time to the spirit? Eternity just begun; And our footsteps here are few compared To the race we yet shall run; For mortal man as the flower that fadoa, Or grass that quickly dies Shall from evolving elements In form superior rise. Rise to behold the glorious dawn Of truth's unfading light, Casting aside the vail that screens The future from our sight, Reading with open vision then What now mysterious seems; Waking to life's realities, The substance of our dreams. Viewing in clear portrayal The record we have made Without a mask to cover Earth deeds of light or shade; 182 THE SHAKBE MANIFESTO. For back of the soul's camera Imaged in forms complete The truth is photographing Scenes that we yet shall meet. Then let us live so truly With honest heart and aim, With purpose pure and lofty, Above gross deeds of shame, That no vain reputation As counterfeit shall pass ; But character refined shall stand As on a sea of glass. Then will the future brighten, And the present glad appear, Free from the clouds that gather In sin's dark atmosphere; Then we shall sing in triumph The song of the ransomed free, As the golden gates are opened To immortality. Aft. Lebanon, N. Y.