INDIANS. No. 6 JAMES S. PRESCOTT The Indians admit that they have some bad cases in every tribe ; and these bad Indians are made no better by associating with the lawless whites, but rather made worse, and these would be given up to be punished according to law, if tried and found guilty without going to war, if the whites would take the proper course in giving them time and using a suitable degree of moderation. But why we would ask should a whole tribe be killed,—indiscriminately slaughtered—because of the acts and doings of one bad Indian, or even half a dozen ? Where is the justice in this? It is a poor rule that will not work both ways. We might ask how would the whites }ike to have the population of a whole township killed, because of the acts and doings of one bad white man, or half a dozen border ruffians ? 184 THE SHAKER Who among the free born citizens of the U. S. would be willing to take the place of the Indians and be treated as they are treated by the . overpowering whites? Not one! Therefore, 'All things whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so unto them, for this is the law and the prophets.' This is a universal law which meets with a response in every man's mind, saying, 'that's right! do as you would be done by that's my religion !' any religion that does not embrace this rule, practically, is not worth having. The Indians knoiv that they stand a poor chance to cope with the white men in war, on account of superiority in numbers, arms, ammunition, and in all the im- provements and tactics of modern warfare. But, what have the Indians left? The following is from the spirit communication of Tecumwega, continued : 'Four millions of the African race liberated from slavery was indeed one of the noblest acts you have on the annals of history. But to think that the Indian, a poor ignorant native of the soil, an inhabitant of the continent when discovered by Columbus, should remain in ignorance, is too much for a red man to bear or endure. Had you, O white man, or your fore-fathers, taken the same .course with the Indian that William Penn did, he would stand on a broader and higher platform of society and on a more equal footing with the white man than he does now, and thereby have saved thousands of lives that the Indians ihave taken in their wild, savage ''state. % will make to you a short but true statement of William Penn : 'Win. Penn is now a shining Herald of Truth in the Spirit world, and wherever, he meets an Indian spirit, he is highly honored and esteemed by the same. We call him Father Penn, and look up to him as a great benefactor and spiritual guide to the Indian, and long will his name be remembered within the Indian circles of the Spirit land, even for rolling ages to come. 'If you wish to prosper in your various occupations and pursuits of earth life, if you wish to nourish like the beautiful rose of sunny climes, deal justly with all men, whether foreigners or natives, at home or abroad ; to all ranks, classes, and dispositions. Carry no longer two faces to the Indian, appearing before his face as his warmest and best friend, and behind his back his bitterest enemy. This will never do under so noble a Constitution as is yours, where there should be brotherly love throughout the length and breadth of this grand Republic.' Who was William Penn, whose name has been handed down in history as one of the world's benefactors ? He was an exception among white men—a friend to the Indians. His success among the natives consisted chiefly in two things : First, he went among them unarmed and ministered to them the spirit of peace, instead of war, if he made treaties with them, he fulfilled them, if he promised them money, he paid them—he kept his word, by which he sained the love and confidence of the Indians. Secondly, he made them /eel that they had rights, and he respected those rights ; that they were his equals before the law ; that if either party violated the law, or rule of right, they should stand an equal chance at redress for their grievances. If all men had progressed up to the M^JNTTiriDSTO. THE SHAKEE 185 moral standard of Wm. Perm, the whites would have advanced much nearer the millennium than they are now; or, i the United States' Government hac early adopted his wise and humane policy and continued the same up to this time, it would never have had wai with the Indians. North Union Ohio.