Experience of Cassandana Brewster, of Hancock, Mass, aged 86 years In answer to many inquiries why my lot was cast among the Shakers, I briefly reply :— When in the tenth year of my age, my parents became religiously exercised and much awakened to the necessity of finding some way for the salvation of their souls. After close examination among different Christian denominations, they became satisfied that the Shakers lived nearest to God and in their lives were the most practical Christians of any people they had found. In this belief they united with them, taking with them their family, where they finished their days, having in their lives faithfully and conscientiously maintained their religious faith. I was reared in the Society a contented and happy child, knowing little of burdens and cares, as they were borne for me. At about sixteen years of age, there was a general religious revival among our people, the operation of which produced in me a great change. Although young, I received the burning light of conviction ; and notwithstanding my favorable situation from society relations, notwithstanding the good influence and kind labors of a Christian people which gave me protection from sin, yet I found I was human and realized my fallen condition ; I felt I had a work to do for myself; no others could do it for me, however much they might be able to aid me. I then and there raised my standard high, and commenced the work in earnest, resolved, that whatever might be the trials I met or the temptations which beset me, I would firmly stand, live my faith, bid the spirits of darkness depart and make my house a house of order, allowing no place therein for sin or defilement. This resolution I have faithfully kept. I have ever been ready for a helping word from my leaders, and faithful brethren and sisters. By following their example and accepting their precepts, I have gained that victory over the power of evil, in which I can and do rejoice, with unceasing thanksgiving to God, the giver of all good, for opening a way of salvation for all who will accept the terms, by mortifying the deeds of the body that the soul may live. In truth I can exclaim, blessed way of God, I do love it! Blessed cross of Christ, it frees my soul from sin and shame, it clothes me with peace, love and purity, I do love it! In loving my dear gospel relations and knowing they love me is the beginning of heaven upon earth and makes me exceedingly happyMay the knowledge of gospel truth be extended; may the work of love and peace increase until it fills the whole earth, putting an end to all wars, strife and contention, uprooting the three plants our heavenly Father hath never planted, na-mely:—'The lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life.' Then can we all rejoice together in the goodness of God.