SELF-ABNEGATION O. C. HAMPTON He who can rise to a state of practical self-abnegation, until it has become second nature with him, has arisen to a very great height in human glory and felicity. If there is any man who is elevated above, and delivered from, the thralldom and vexatious slavery to external circumstances, and temporary changes, it is he who has gained the serene height of total self surrender of his own will—affections—yea even intellect and judgment into wiser hands than his own. And paradoxical as it may seem, this total self-abnegation, must be an act of our own deliberate choice, arising from our own sincerest judgment of its benefit and utility, or such surrender is simply an impossibility. No doubt the advocates of individual sovereignty will sneer at this theory, as one which makes a mere machine of a man, and even at that, subject to the whims and caprices of any and all to whom he may have surrendered himself, and who profess (at least in our society,) , to have legitimate control of him as being agents for God, in ultimating his highest individual good. Still, all who will take Jesus Christ's method of proving the truth of this doctrine, (viz)being a doer of the work, will find a most glorious guerdon of contentment and peace as the result of this lesson in self discipline. The philosophical grounds , for til is safe and salutary self-surrender, are to be found in the solid granite of eternal principles. 1. It is a necessary inference from God's'Goodness Love and Wisdom, that any plan or scheme he might employ for man's elevation and progress, should be one which would secure the 'greatest amount of blessing to the greatest num- ber. 2. It is an inexorable law of the universe that the less are to be blessed of the better if blessed at all. These inferences from God's Love and wisdom are practically demonstrated it appears to SHAKEE JVXAZNTIT'JSSTO. THE SHAKER 187 me in the present organization of Shaker Societies, and their mode of administering the government of the same. And when the intrinsic elements of this administration become sufficiently diffused, to economize and appropriate all the talent, wisdom and inspiration to be found in all of the members thereof spiritual media-Prophets, Evangelists, Teachers, Preachers, Mechanics, Mudgills—everything, it seems as if it would leave nothing more to be desired. But to get down to this hard pan of self-abnegation once more : There are many worthy and excellent motives urging to the swift travel of all and each of us into this sublime and heavenly state. 1. It is the next thing to the impossible to be strictly honest and unselfish without it. I heard our good Elder Hervey L. Eades say many years ago that which I never forgot: ''If' said he, 'something were required of me to do_ by another whether agreeable to my feelings or not, I could at least retain my integrity and honesty in complying with the demand ; because no wish nor choice in me has been consulted. But if I proposed to do any certain thing of myself, my own integrity and sincerity would be very much more questionable even in my own opinion; for how could I tell how far my own sinister interest might be mingled, like so much strange tire in my offering?' And sure enough, there was the rub. 2. We all need an immense amount of modesty, humility and general concession, before we shall be fit society for the angels. 3. No man can exist independently of all organization. He could no more grow and progress independent of the individual self-sacrifice he has to make of his private will and pleasure to the good of the organization, than Simeon Stylites, situated upon a pillar 60 feet high and 4 feet in diameter where he spent many years in complete solitude positively honest and sincere though he may have been, but wofully wanting in Wisdom. 4. When we are so far subdued, and brought so completely under the influence of self-abnegation as to no longer feel the agonies of its consuming fires, what is there that can disturb our serenity for a moment ? Nothing will be unpleasant any more. Men in all ages here and there one—here and there an order have sown the precious seed and reaped the golden harvests of this divine self-sacrifice. Brahmins, Buddhists, Essenes, Egyptian Hierophants, Jews and Christians have all acknowledged and practiced this sublime self-surrender at times, even to those they esteemed their inferiors. How serenely Jesus answered Pilate when questioned thus by the Jewish Ruler : 'Know you not that I have power to put you to death ?' Jesus said, 'I know you have that power no more, no less, than God will see fit to allow you to exercise it.' There was the invulnerable foundation of confidence—'Thou art still the Eternal God, and underneath are the Everlasting Arms.' Let come what will, sorrow and adversity ; or comfort and peace, it is God's plan and he must, he surely will vindicate his cause and in the end justify all his ways to man—so thought Jesus. His Providence is over all— This boundless universe— And o'en the wormwood and the gall, The blighting and the curse, Are but His mercies in disguise, The turnings of His hand, From which salvation shall arise, At His Divine Command. Union Village, 0.