SHAKERISM PRE-EMINENT A writer asks : 'What shall I do to be a Shaker?' While urging her to procure a. copy of 'Plain Talks,' we would here ask and answer : What constitutes a Shaker? What is Shakerism? And wherein lies the necessity for either ? The name 'Shaker,' was originally given in derision, to a little band of revivalists which was involuntarily shaken by an irresistible and unknown power. The character of those bearing the name Is virgin in its largest, purest signification. The profession of those called Shakers is particularly Christian, as it demands, that being a disciple, means living like Jesus—the Christ. The system of Shakerism is peculiarly religious. The necessity for it lies in the fact that there is no other system that gives so much soul satisfaction ; none that establishes more resurrection life— a life most superior—while depriving its participants of nothing that exalts, improves and makes superiorly blissful our life on the earth. The system of Shakerism is pre-eminent as a salvator from sin ; and a redemptor unto most pristine purity; because it affects those who adopt it as a life-practice, that they come in possession of an unusually discreet knowledge of what constitutes sin; and with a keener vision of, and rare relish for the correlations of heaven and earth ; thus establishing on earth an avenue, whereby strength from the heavens is procured to put away the last remains of sin, and live in heaven on earth. It is a system that urges the possibility and certainty of living together as men and wometv—brethren and sisters— in whom is so much of Christ, that all unheavenly, sensual, sexual lusts may not only be denied, but spurned with a godly hatred. Thus does Shakerism portend what is possible to be, and what is established on earth. It discloses to every investigator, a religion, based on the scientific basis of an exchange, by selfdenial, of the inferior for the superior— a loss of unenduring pleasures,-for pleasures that will never die, but increase, eternally in the heavens. Inseparably connected with this spiritual basis, is the successful attempt to establish on earth, communal relations, whereby no physical want needs be felt, but rather, the security of an abundance of everything that constitutes earthly blessings. The spiritual being supreme director, has decreed that the consideration of self is Cithe accuser of the brethren' and shall be cast out. With its outgoing, there follows as the most natural of consequences, a large train of devilish incendiaries, with whose presence neither peace, purity nor partition of goods upon an equal, brotherly, heavenly basis is possible. Prominent among these very worldly and grossly inferior proclivities are partiality ; ambition for pre-eminence in position and in power of rule ; the selfish love of money, with the brief authority its assumption appears to give; jealousy ; deceit; inequality of sharing burdens and blessings, etc. ; while the new occupant that puts the house of the soul in order, and insures beyond a doubt, permanent peace and eternal happineee, 194 THE 8HAKEE MANIFESTO. is the spirit that works, lives and dies— ever ambitious to illustrate the new gospel rule of 'eachfor all—all for each.' Even to the intelligent, but worldly minded, the prosecution of such a scheme, for the attainment of present salvation, and assurance of future redemption, seems Utopian, and very improbable of success. But such advantage has already attended the Shakers as far as they have practiced Shakerism, that though acknowledging themselves yet imperfect, to a full attainment of complete heaven on earth, sufficient is realized to encour- age their prosecution of an apparently perfect system, which they believe originated in the heavens, and which by a foretaste, they are assured, a full elaboration of the same in the soul, will result in the completest redemption. Investigation will prove to the sincere seeker after an exceeding righteousnessperfection—as found in Jesus, that though Shakerism is a working religion, it removes all dross and results in the purest of life.