THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. The Best Religion. That form of religious belief is best, regardless of its denomination, which does most for its adherents, in moulding them into noblest humanity. All persuasions aim to do this; and that is the best which'most truly accomplishes this grand desideratum. The poet rhythmically advises graceless bigots to cease fighting about modes of faith, and asserts, 'His can't bo wrong, whose life is in the right;' and could we all agree upon what system of life is right, or most righteous, then would the era of great, good feeling be inaugurated—the dawn of the M^JSTrFE STO. 193 THE millennium universally seen and felt. Still, while much diversity of opinions exists and is likely to for years to come, there are ideas of what forms the best character—what makes a human being the best man or woman—upon which we can agree very generally ; and a gener- ous leaning towards this agreement, and away from ungenerous prejudice and unbrotherly bigotry, would soon bring heaven to earth, and make us brethren in one universal religion. We hold a relation, by oneness of pro- fession, with a few millions of Christians. The founder of the system bore a most lovable character and amiable disposition. So beautiful wras Jesus in life, that all who know of him—even millions upon millions disowning his leadership— pay willing tributes of respect to his excellent reputation—to the divinity of his humanity. . Now, man was not made for this system of Christianity ; but this was made for his higher development; and in making a god of Jesus, instead of an exampier, the greatest mistake ever made by human beings was, and is enacted—from which mistake may be dated departures from the religion of a universal, loving brotherhood and a multiplication of sects, all largely professing the name, while but few, very few make even an approach to the pattern. Yet, the highest religious fervor of the human soul, brings mankind into a oneness of feeling, mutually deciding what is right and what is wrong ; and thus men say : It is best to be pure as Christ was pure; and peaceable, as Jesus was for peace ; and just and philanthropic after the Master's pattern ; and beautifully unworldly like the example set—these are best; not simply because Jesus did so live and love to do, but because every engagement of these practices makes of us better men and women., While making the profession of Chris- tianity, and adoration for its founder, could we all so love the faith, and so love Jesus, that we would relinquish every inferior, passionate inclination, (however natural) to be like Jesus, and to be living illustrations of his faith, then what noble humanity we should be ! what a universal religion of love to men would possess us ! No quarrels nor wars—but an eternal peace, a Christian calm and rest. None rich, tyrannical, 'overbearing, proud nor high;' none poor, servile, sick, sorrowful nor sinful; but rather obtain a brotherhood of most virtuous, extensive, and gigantic proportions. We would, we will lay aside our bigotry, our unchristian prejudices, and admit joyfully, the best religion is that which makes us love and bless one an- other the most. Leaving the future life out of the question until we enter it, we would aim to be best in all that is selfsacrificing, noble, pure, unretaliatory, golden-rule and unworldly in this life. If to live like the angels is desirable, then to separate ourselves from all unangelic practices is a necessity. We want the best religion ; and we are willing to live for it at any cost. Thus far, we have believed the Christian system was best; and yet it has cost us many inferior practices ; but in lieu of these, to put on Christ has been a gain unto an exceeding nobility inasmuch as we have done so. If there is any better religion than the life of Jesus—the Christ of the gospels— any form that will make us more just, merciful, loving and peaceful than was SHAJKBR MANIFESTO. THE SHAKER MANXF'EIS'X'O. 193 Jesus ; or more so than the Christianity called Shakerism returns to us when fully and faithfully practiced, we want to know it, for we want the best religion— and to be humanly divine.