Chemistry of Bread-making DANIEL FRASER Scientific men have drawn their conclusions from facts within their knowledge, that alkaline salts break up the coagulating power of the blood, induce a diminished vital cohesion of the textures JVLAJSITF'ZESTO THE SHAKER formed from it, impair the process of respiration, and lessen the production of nutritive blood. Ff such is actually the case, then those who use alkaline matter, must find in proportion to the quantity taken, lassitude and debility, an exhaustion of condition, a desire to rest and lounge, and instead of being up and doing for the welfare of others they find enough to do in caring for themselves. That such is actually the case needs no affirmation ; medical men can show cases by the thousand that need their at- tention, strictly referable to laxity of muscular fibre, and want of strength in the frame-work of the body. Here we have the facts of ordinary life sustaining all that has been advanced ; hence the disuse of alkaline matter in our food in compliance, we promise you (the young more especially,) greater strength of bone, firmness of muscle, a rallying power under fatigue, and a buoyancy of spirits at present unknown. The chemistry of Saleratus and Soda in human food, and their action on the formation of muscle and bone etc ; have already been dealt with. The chemical changes that take place by fermentation and by the heat of the oven in baking may now be noticed. Good flour, good yeast, thorough kneading, and the proper degree of heat in the oven, are the essentials in making good bread. How to make yeast: Boil with the skins on till well done, enough of potatoes to make a quart when mashed. When done, peel the potatoes and mash them to fineness and mix with them one pint of flour ; then stir the whole to an emulsion with the water in which the potatoes were boiled. Cool the product to eighty degrees, and add half a pint of the best bakers' yeast and a tablespoonful of brown sugar. Set the mixture aside, and maintain a temperature of eighty degrees till it works well. Of this yeast, take half a pint to seven pounds of flour, mixed with three pints of water at eighty degrees ; if the weather is cold the flour may be warmed. Knead till the dough is flaky, then set it aside to rise at eighty degrees. When the dough has risen to nearly the full size, divide it into loaves and knead again, and set them aside at eighty degrees till the full size is attained ; then put the loaves in the oven heated to not less than four hundred and fifty degrees. Keep the loaves covered with paper till the dough is fully t aised ; then remove the papers and permit the browning to take place. The larger the loaves the higher should be the temperature of the oven. Seven pounds of flour will make eight loaves of bread twenty ounces each. When the loaves are. taken from the oven, place them in a current of fresh air till they have cooled off to the temperature of the air. Covering bread fresh from the oven is an injury to it. The yeast as above, will keep a week in winter ; and from two to four days in summer. Cool it off' slowly before being set away. Bread made from it, in faithful obedience, will be good. The heat of the oven renders starch soluble. The raising of bread-stuffs, and the cooking of food are the most important branches of human industry. Chemistry enters largely into cooking and more especially in bread-making. Every cook should know something of the nature of chemical action. There are three kinds of fermentation, the first, 1©9 M^NimE STO. 19O THE SHAKER, M-AJNTIJEHESTO. develops sweetness, the second, sourness, and the third, something worse. In making bread, fermentation should be arrested before the sour stage begins. Good bread is the exception and not the ride in more than half the families of the world. With a little chemical knowledge, and an eye trained to observe the little changes that occur in the dough and in the oven, good bread may become the rule. To make good bread, is a higher accomplishment than musical proficiency. Wheat meal with all the bran in it should be used in preference to superfine flour. In mixing the dough of this meal, it should not be as stiff' as of fine flour : and when yeast is used, fermentation should be arrested sooner, and the bread baked in a hotter oven. A great change has taken place in the habits of well-to-do people within the past twenty years in relation to bread. Now, bread and puddings made of unbolted flour are used to a great extent. Oat meal has also come much into use. This change is not confined to the East. In one of the Western States, a Scotch miller had machinery which could turn out one hundred barrels of oatmeal per day. He increased the capacity of his mill to double that amount. In bolting flour, the bone, muscle, and brain forming elements are abstracted to a serious amount. As proven by chemical analysis, superfine flour has been robbed of nutritive value to the amount of one seventh. In other words, one entire wheat crop every seven years is destroyed to suit tastes and cravings, which have no founda- tion in physiological righteousness. The digestive functions bear normal relations to the grains just as they are ; but when superfinely ground and bolted, over fermented, poorly kneaded, half baked and dosed with saleratus—this long continued, the integrity of said functions finally gives way, breaks up the nervous system, and a host of ailments locate themselves, and are transmitted from parents to children. Hence the nearer we come to using the grains just as they are, the better. All grinding of grain, and cooking, should simply be, to render the whole grain more easily digested and assimilated. The subject of fermentation has engaged the attention of some of the best minds of Germany, France, and England ; and the conclusion is, that leaven is living rottenness ; and the least degree of fermentation in dough lessens its nutritive value. And that the whole process of fermentation is wasteful and unclean; microscopic organisms being introduced and propagated in profusion. To obviate the waste and uncleanness of leaven, various methods of making bread have been introduced. The Aerated bread is now used to some extent; but machinery is required in its manufacture, and of course cannot be made by single families. There is a form of unleavened bread coining into general use in leading families, called 'Gems,'' wherever introduced they are pre-eminently acceptable. Dr. Trail of Hygienic fame, introduced another form of unleavened bread ; both are excellent, the latter is more strictly in accordance with physiological relationships. Gems are made as follows : Make a batter of unbolted wheat meal and THE SHAKER 191 water, thick enough to run from the spoon and no more ; have the gem pans hot, and just befora filling them, stir up the batter well, mixing with it all the air you can. Have the oven hot, and in twenty minutes you may have nice gems. The origin of this form of bread, was in this wise ; Dr. Trail, wishful to have an acceptable form of unleavened bread, found when baked in the ordinary way it was sodden ; the happy thought struck the experimenter (Charles Hart, of Boston) that if the bottoms of the baking pans were corrugated the results might be satisfactory, and they were so. The first point in having good gems is to have the batter of the right consistency. Second, develop the gluten of the meal thoroughly by. stirring up the batter. Third, have the pans and oven hot. A thin skin speedily incloses the air in the batter, the expansion of the air with a small portion of steam, swells up the gem. When gems are wanted immediately make the batter with hot water; if mixed the night before, warm water is not needed. The other form of bread, is made of wheat meal and water well kneaded, and rolled out to about one fourth of an inch thick, and baked on a hot (not too hot) surface. This cake is at once highly nutritive, needs a good degree of mastication, and is actually delicious to a physiologically trained appetite. Appetites can be trained as well as created. ON THE USE OF COMMON SALT : From what has been advanced of the action of saline matter, it is not too much to say, that if we used only one tenth of the salt we usually do, it would be better for us. The Spanish race in the South, have educated their tastes in a certain direction, till Cayenne pepper and garlick are leading articles in their dietary ; and in families not so far south, where gross tastes prevail, everything eaten must be saline. The great argument, (or rather no argument) in favor of salt, is, that animals like it; they do, but do they use salt, with every mouthful of grass they eat? If salt was used at long intervals, its operation would be directed towards the bowels and be discharged, and be less hurtful than when taken in small doses several times a day. Those who use but little salt, appreciate the delicate flavor of the various grains, and they will more speedily recover from internal and external injuries. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.