RELAXATION vs. DISSIPATION ELDER G. B. AVERY All created beings, from least to greatest, need rest,—relaxation from action in the same direction ; human capacity for toil, burden, suffering, is limited; it cannot eternally bear the strain of continuous and unremitted action in one and the same direction. Rest, recuperation, is a law of all being, animate and inanimate. The Indian's bow, always bent, except when propelling the arrow, never springs well. The human limb always cramped, or strained in the same direction and degree of tension, becomes powerless. Even so the human mind always strained in the same direction, and to the same degree of tension, becomes imbecile, and insane. The spirit, also, is subject to the same laws ; it cannot always endure the same degree of exertion, or strain of either sorrow or joy ; to have a healthy and happy activity and existence, it must have seasons of relaxation ; its extremes of sensitive feelings of either sorrow or joy must be modified ; if too fitful, quietude ; if too dull, action. The entire forces of creation demand their night,—their season of repose. But what is rest ? A poet hath truly said : 'A want of occupation is not rest; A mind quite vacant is a mind distressed.' Rest, is not necessarily a cessation from all action ; this, the surgeon's patient well understands, when a limb is confined for weeks in the same posture and place ; but rest is change of action and condition, releasement from excessive exertion and conditions modified to the needed change. To the sedentary mechanic, as the shoemaker, tailor, jeweler, engraver, and seamstress, exercise is rest and recuperation, while to the farmer, the pedestrian, cessation from action is rest. To the merchant, wearied with the constant din of the transit of bales and boxes, the clatter of feet and the prattle of tongues, the quiet retirement of the Sabbath, and its hush of excitements is rest; but, the cloistered men or monk, tethered to the closet, prayer books and kneeling stool, the busy scenes and transactions of the mechanic, farmers, or merchant's life, or the strolls of the pedestrian are rest. But, relaxation from the rigorous duties and burdens of life in any or every direction, does not, necessarily include dissipation ; it does not require that bright human intelligences should stoop down to indulgences and pleasures which degrade their being to, or below the level of the brute, and load themselves down with burdens of disease, the fruits of pleasure, more painful, in their consequences, than their toils for honest subsistence. Because the mind, as well as he body, wearies of excessive toil and aurden, it is not necessary, in order to secure rest, and recuperation, that its possessor should let go all mental restraint, and betake one's self to the theatre, the drinking saloon, the gambling M^JNTIITESTO. 186 THE den, nor to give loose reign to physical passions and appetites for relief. Because the nerves are weary it is not necessary, nor is it rest, nor recuperation to them to narcotize them with tobacco, stupify them with opium, nor stimulate them with alcohol nor rubefacients for relief. The age in which we live is notorious for instability ; feebleness seems an inheritance transmitted from parent to child ; even the educational institutions seem pandering to this weakness of human condition, and nursing this fickle wight; much of the mental food—our literature, is light, trashy, ministering to shiftlessness. Loiv, cheap novels,— iidime novels' load the shelves of news rooms and bar saloons ! This is food for mental dissipation, not mental rest! But, when the mind is jaded, let it find rest in quietude and the exercise of the muscles, or sweet sleep relieved from worldly cares. When the spirit is borne down by the strifes and turmoils of life, it may find the most appropriate and abundant repose, the most sumptuous rest and refreshing recuperation, in turning its energies upon Divine and heavenly themes, with their sunbeams of an- gelic' smiles, and their panaceas of heavenly love from the portals of the blessed in the land of souls. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.