THE ESSENTIAL WM. H. BUSSELL The grades and forms of life appear to be innumerable. Doubtless, each has some special significance, though in many cases, not yet made evident to the human mind. To the Infinite all things are simple, but to the finite capacity many seem complicated and difficult of solution. Man needs to know Vhat among the wThole are necessary for hia present welfare, and to feel the assurance that'all things will become clear in the future as his power to investigate increases. There seems no limit to this power in man. At the present time he contains within him- self the treasures of all past ages. Those, it is true, have been handed down embedded in a mass of apparent rubbish, like gold in the midst of various other materials. But however tenacious of their treasure these may be, they are obliged to yield to the separating forces applied to them, and the valued metal appears at last free from allitsincumbrances, Truth is essential. Though from age to age it has seemed to be mixed with error, yet its nature has not been changed thereby. It never was the Divine intention to revea\ all truth at once, only that which is essential for the time being; its highest forms are reserved for the latest times ; or it would have been so revealed, and there would have been no need of investigating and inquiring here and there where truth is to be found; in fact, there would have been in man no faculty for investigation and discovery. Is the All-Wise anxious in respect to the estimation in which he shall be held by his creatures? If so, he would have endowed them at once with the proper powers of appreciating himself. But from the beginning the objects of Divine worship have been, the sun, moon and stars; beasts of various kinds ; men remarkable for their physical endowments ; creatures of the imagination— gods and goddesses—possessing all the human passions and vices; an eternal being styled God, yet limited in his attributes and MAJsraPESTO. THIC THE SHAKER JVrA.NTF'JCSTO. mode of existence ; and yet another who, according to some theological authorities, ventured to set himself up as the rival of the last named, thougli but a mere creature ; and last, though not least, an eternal power concentrating in itself all the evil elements or principles supposed to exist in the universe. It is not in the human mind to cease thinking. It must continue to think though error is often the result. System after system of philosophy may be devised by thinking minds and then be discarded, yet they each contain valuable truths that can never perish. Scientific minds are noted for the theories they devise in order to explain natural phenomena. Yet from age to age they are making discoveries in the field of truth that more than compensate for erroneous theories. The medil ums of communication between the inhabitants of earth and other spheres of existence, styled seers or prophets, by no means give us all truth respecting Avhat they claim either to see or to hear. But, to say the least, they are in this respect the peers of the philosopher and the scientist. When these have established unerring methods of arriving at all truth, then the seer and the prophet may well be dispensed with, for their 'occupation will be gone.' Till that takes place, the candid mind will not discard any mode of arriving at truth, even thougli 'seducing spirits' may still find room to practice their arts and impose upon the understanding. The lover of truth and goodness may ask if error and its consequences are to be perpetuated forever. Doubtless, until all have 'ceased to do evil and learned to do well.' When they shall govern their appetites and passions instead of being governed by them ; when they 'shall learn war no more ;' when they shall recognize the fact that 'the earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof,' and is not to be appropriated by a single individuato the exclusion of any other, his equal before God; when they shall understand, and act in accordance with this understanding, that human beings are temples of the Holy Spirit, to possess a purity far surpassing that of the inner sanctuary of the ancient temple, then will the consequences of error and vice cease. Peace instead of war, abundance instead of destitution, health instead of disease, and virtue instead of vice will be man's inheritance upon the earth. These will come gradually, because man is but a gradual learner. The most essential thing is that each individual should know himself thoroughly and what is best adapted to hia particular case. There are general laws applicable to all persons, and there are particular rules far more numerous than the general. These are all stringent because they are intended to make strictly upright men and women— 'Who know their rights and knowing dare maintain.' in spite of.the clamor of appetites and passions pleading for self indulgence. Who shall know also how to respect the rights of each other in all the relations of social life and yet make social life infinitely preferable to the solitary's cell. When all shall have learned to govern themselves in accordance with Divine Love, then those cumbersome machines called civil government will no longer be needed. Religious parties and theological rules will be superseded by a state of things in which the individual shall belong completely to the whole and the whole devoted supremely to the individual. Groveland, N. Y.