For the Children QUONDAM SAILOR CHAP. VII I soon learned that Captain Hall wished to take his schooner into the lagoon, and as we had learned the rise and fall of the tide during the time we had been on the island, we were able to act as pilots in guiding this little vessel into our island harbor. Going ashore with the captain, and up to our hut where my brother was mending his shirt, .(the only one he had,) I introduced him to Captain Hall, who cordially shook hands with him. He was a kind, benevolent man, and we soon learned to love him for his great kindness to us. A signal was made by my brother at flood tide, being previously agreed upon, and understood by the mate on board, who brought the schooner safely into the lagoon and anchored her in its smooth waters ; for it was a beautiful place for a vessel to anchor. Soon after the schooner arrived, we packed up our little all at the hut and went on board, making it our home while she remained at the island. Our duties were light as there were four men before the mate, when we went on board. The first work after the sails were furled, was to prepare the outfit of the company who were to remain on the island to make cocoa-nut oil. There were three white men, the Frenchman Louie, and two Americans. One of them quite a young man of rather delicate appearance, and I think well educated. The other was an ingenious mechanic ; who, we learned, had been taken from the calaboose, by the Consul, on conditions that he would accompany this expedition and fill the place of blacksmith, carpenter, and whatever other skill this cocoanut oil-making might require. He was indeed a very skillful man, for with the help of the natives he erected houses in a few days, large enough to accommodate a party of nearly thirty persons. Their food consisted of fish, cocoa-nuts, birds, shell-fish, or whatever could be picked up on the island. The vessel they came to the island in had no provisions, yet I do not think they suffered for want of food. The Parmeto natives were quite as well supplied with food here, as on their native islands, for as I have before stated they were very much like Fanning's. 'VVe found our food in the schooner very poor; not so good as we had been able to provide for ourselves on our island. It seems that there were two pipes of bread put on board at Tahiti; one for the officers and crew of the vessel, the other for the natives, who ate day and night on theirs, until it was all gone; and then slyly broke into the pipe provided for the ship's crew, and before they were discovered had consumed nearly the whole. They were in truth wild natives, with whom it is either a feast, or a famine. The porpoises caught as the vessel came in,—and which were mentioned in a previous chapter,—the natives baked in the ground and had a very cheerful time eating them. Having eaten an abundance of cocoanuts, I tasted of this meat, but did not relish it, for the fiber was coarse and dry. After the apparatus for oil-making had been put ashore, we commenced filling the schooner with cocoa-nuts, which were collected by the natives and taken to the shore of the lagoon, where they were tied together by starting a strip of the fibrous husk, leaving one end fast to the nut. In this way the natives made long rafts of them which were towed with the boat along-side, and were then hoisted up and dropped into the hold of the schooner. Our vessel was ninety tons burden, and we were a little more than a week filling the hold with nuts. She remained in the lagoon about three weeks, once narrowly escaping being wrecked in a gale, which dragged her anchors ; yet escaped through the good management of the Captain and crew, who carried out a kedge anchor in the long boat, and warped the vessel off the coral, thus saving her. Among the great variety of sea-birds on M-A-NTIPIESTO. 197 198 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. this island, there was one land bird, a very beautiful paroquet, with green glossy plumage, and a very bright scarlet spot on its wing. This little bird appeared to advantage when flying about in the. tops of the low growing trees: in the bright sunshine, the deep green of the palm seemed to blend with the plumage of the little bird, while the contrast of the red wings as he hopped nimbly about, made a small panorama for us 'Crusoes' to view. My brother had tried to catch one of these little birds alive, but was unsuccessful; but when the natives came, they caught one and brought it to the vessel to the captain and his wife, who were pleased with it, for they had a little daughter who was quite fond of birds. The little girl was just learning to talk, and would repeat after her mother in her native tongue ; Manou, Te, Ai. This became a by word on the passage to Tahiti, and when transposed was something like, 'O what a pretty bird !' She was an interesting child and the captain seemed to be very fond of her. The captain appeared to me like a person who had met with trouble in his relations •with society, and had left the States and gone to the islands for refuge. He had united his fortune with that of a native woman, who was a perfect Zantippe, and with whom this refined, well educated man could have no real sympathy, nor social enjoyment. After remaining at anchor in the lagoon about three weeks, the word was passed to fit the schooner ready for sea; a great supply of green cocoa-nuts were brought on board by our kind natives, which was a luxury, as sea provisions were scarce. At last our anchor was weighed, and we ran safely out through the narrow passage, into the great Pacific ocean. Soon after leaving the island a gust of wind took my ftiat overboard that had cost me so much time and labor to make, it seemed like a serious loss to me, as it was all I had one side of the Scotch cap, which was well enough in dry weather; but when it rained as it frequently did on our passage, and my cap would become so filled with water as to run down my face, I would take it off and wring it out. repeating the operation as it became necessary; but suffering all tha while with a severe toothache, it was anything but pleasant, In fact I never was so uha?-d up' before nor since, as on this passage, for the only means by which I could relieve the terrible pain, was by heating a sail needle red hot, and have my brother thrust it into the cavity; thus searing the nerve, and giving temporary relief. If that was not the 'Cure Heroic,' what could have been? &gt;• Again we had no change of clothing, and during our watch on deck were frequently drenched, and when we went below there being no beds, we would wring out our scanty clothing and lie down in a bunk, with no covering but a cotton cloth, loaned us by two of the natives who formed part of our crew. The great kindness of these two men, whose names were Charlie and Jack, impressed me deeply; none of out own country, or color, were so attentive to our necessities as these so-called half civilized men, who acted the Christian's part. When we went on deck to relieve the watch, if it was cool they would take off their jackets, and urge us to put them on. The last mentioned individual was very small, and wrinkled in the face, which may have been caused partly by his laughing so much; he was indeed a very pleasant, cheerful little man, and yet we loved them both, for their kindness to all on board the little schooner Emerald. One especial act of kindness we Crusoes in disguise received, was the making of a coarse cotton shirt for each of us, by the wives of the captain, and second mate. This was done by direction of Captain Hall, who was, as previously said, very kind, benevolent and just in his dealings with all: of this we had abundant proof, and will relate this one instance. After we left Fanning's island, he had all the provision on board equally divided, every person sharing alike ; yet with all the captain's fairness, we were very short of food before we reached the Society Islands. (to be continued.) Righteousness is not in creeds or solemn faces Righteousness is not in creeds or solemn faces.