CHRISTIANITY, TOO EXACTING 'I pray thee, have me excused from much that Christianity demands ;' has been the appeal of worldly, pleasure-loving professors of the faith. For these reasons—the exacting demands of Jesus upon all who would be true disciples—Jesus has been substituted for themselves ; made to bear their cross ; made sufficient for the life they should live, but do not; caused to be crucified, in the hope that through this crucifixion they might live and wallow in their sins ; made a god of, in the hopes, that, regardless of their sinful lives he would' be all powerful to save them from their just punishment. Fellow men and women : These things ought not to be believed. Stand up and face the consequences ; for so surely as effects follow causes, so surely will we have our 'reward, according as our works have been.' Christianity is so exacting, many want to be excused from bearing the same, full cross that Jesus did ; and in being so excused, they are excused the salvation from sin, which alone makes Christianity invaluable. But so long as these excuses are indulged TKJEO SHAKER MANIFESTO. in, just so long will there be a multiplicity of denominations, each proposing equally to shun Shakerism and Christianity, and to obtain all that these promise without any exertion on their part! Christianity is based upon principles as permanent as God ; and to escape the just consequence of our doings, by hiding behind the ambush of a meaningless faith, is simply fallacious. Christianity, though a spiritual system, is no less true as a scientific institution ; and all science, teaches that as the causes, so will be the effects that follow. The Dunkards are making innovations on their past history, by sending out missionaries, and sustaining salaried officers. What is the reason that so little is mentioned by those who praise Jesus, of the modes of life he practiced, but which are too repugnant to human senses to copy ? A writer in the N. Y. Observer contributes a poem, entitled 'Live, looking to Jesus !' yet no reference is therein made of living just like him. From this course the majority pleads : 'Please excuse me !' or less politely: 'I wont live like Jesus !' Ingersoll thinks that it is too bad to make so much fuss about original sin, while so much copy remains on hand. The 'All for Christ' expression, very commonly fails to express full honesty, by omitting '-excepting a good deal of self.' The Chinese have a maxim, that he who speaks most of himself, is the greatest of liars ! The Mohammedans—the genuine ones—look upon Jesus with great respect. They say 'Jesus was good; Mahomet was greater !' Gen. B. F. Butler makes the grand and good suggestion, to spend the usual $40,000,000, annually wasted on the army of the U. S. in promoting settle- ments in the West. In a few years, he contends, no army would be needed; and instead of wasting these millions of mouey, the increase of the country's revenues through the industry of those now assisted by them, would be returned many-fold. Let us try it.