Reminiscences of a Practical Life ABIGAIL CROSMAN I love to read from the pages of the Manifesto, the language of pure spirits, and witness thereby the spiritual growth of elevated minds, devoted to the support of our sacred cause. Most gratefully would I greet all, who have contributed in any way to aid the mission of our little Manifesto ; which, though at present the number who hail its truths as the harbinger of peace is few ; still, its banner waves in the breezes of victory, bearing the inscription, ''onward upward,' inviting all who will, to seek the joys of an angel life. While reading the articles, under the title of, 'what shall I do to be a Shaker?' reflec- tions cited me back to the day when this question first agitated my youthful mind; and though nearly sixty years since, I now ask myself the question, ' Wliat have I done to honor a Shaker life?' I learned from the New Testament that but few were willing to practice the selfdenials which Jesus required of his followers then; and now through the second advent of his spirit, a still greater sacrifice is required or we realize the painful reality ' Ye cannot be my disciples!' But how could I know that this redeeming power was vested alone in Shakerism? Should I turn away sorrowfully, cowardly, shrinking from the cross because of the inscription, 'Sell all that thou hast?' Ml^JSrUHESTO. THE MLAJSTETESTO. 321 Not so; the confidence received in his promises by those who sought him early; also the parental call, to 'choose this day whom I would serve,' awakened my conscience and placed before my spiritual vision joys of a higher life. I was born Nov. 9, 1807. and when ten years of age my parents joined the Society of Shakers at Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. with whom I lived until the age of fifteen when by my own request, I was admitted as a member, leaving their parental roof, to enter the community of spiritual brothers and sisters. At this period I became sensible that thus far I had been guided by the choice of my parents, not by my own ; this caused me to investigate, both the principles and practices of those claiming membership; and to compare the same with other professors of Christianity. In this my exertions were earnest; desiring if possible to find a religion elsewhere re- quiring less sacrifice, and giving as much assurance of salvation. But the tree being known by its fruit, my hopes were blighted, finding as I did, precepts and examples at variance, and their interest for each other veiled in selfishenss. These reflections, caused in my youthful mind heavy struggles. But the bright star of practical Christianity—the embodiment of truth, honesty and purity of life—illumined my pathway, convincing me beyond a doubt, that the selfdenials practiced by true Shakers were the same as Jesus and his disciples engaged in when upon earth, and these had commenced the new era made manifest in his own words, Mark 12: 25. Thus, I found that to be in reality a follower of Christ, I must become resurrected above all worldly habits and practices, even as he was. No one however useful or talented, is allowed the right of membership, while violating in word or act their godly profession. Neither are leaders in society allowed extra privileges for indolence or selfishness; but share in hand and heart the servitude, burdens and blessings of their brethren and sisters. I love a Shaker life, having proved its merits for sixty years; and although it reTmires a full consecration of time and services, to our unselfish cause, I have fully realized the Saviour's promised reward; nor could I deviate from this path of rectitude, without grieving the inward monitor— conscience—which like the guardian angel, watcheth with delight the soul devoted to purity. I wonder if my readers could explain to me the cause of certain excuses made to Jesus, Luke 14: 18, especially the last excuse there mentioned? Why does that relation if it is the will of God, debar any from enjoying the greater blessing? Why not increase the joy by taking the wife along? He did not say, 'I have a sister and cannot come.' We say, if you have a wife or husband, invite them to come and share the universal love of kind brothers and sisters, living nearly as possible like the angels, who 'neither marry nor are given in marriage.' When young I found in my heart strong desires for selfish pleasures; but I also wanted to be a Christian; and in this condition I prayed earnestly to be guided by the light of truth. Thus it is, today I have the pleasing assurance, that, by the light of truth, and the testimony of the spirit, I hare been led through a life of purity in the way our blessed Saviour made manifest, and am now able to enjoy in a measure the fruits of the higher life. Groveland, N. Y.