INDIANS, No. 7 JAMES S. PRESCOTT human rights :—In the conquest of Canada by the English, the French had so much regard for the rights of the Indians, they had missionary labors among them and had made considerable progress in Agriculture, Mechanic Arts, &amp;c. and being unwilling to lose what had been gained, they made the Indian question a speciality in that day. In their treaty of peace with the English it was stipulated and agreed upon by both parties, that the rights of the Indians should be respected that they should be made equal before the law with the white man, that they should be protected in their rights, the same as all other English subjects. This was accepted and ratified by the King of England, and he made it a permanent in- stitution—an everlasting covenant. He issued the following order to all the governors in the colonies more than 100 years ago. 'Forasmuch as most of our colonies do border upon the In- dians, and peace is not to be expected without due observance and preservation of justice to them, you are, in our name, to command all Governors, that they at no time give any just provocation to any of the said Indians that are at peace with us.' Here we have the fundamental law of human rights, clearly set forth and established in behalf of the Indians, by the Government of England remaining in full force in Canada to this day. This may be one reason why the Canadians have no war with the Indians. The following is the closing of the spirit communication from Tecumwega : 'There is another all important sub- M^JSTrBTSSTO. 316 THE SHAKBE ject I wish to speak of. The great spirit designed from the foundation of the world to establish two orders of people on the earth—a natural order and a spiritual order—but the great spirit designed that these should be accomplished through a series of evolutions and progressive movements in the religious elements. Already it has begun to dawn on the earth. You see some of its golden fruits and shining examples in your midst. You will do well to copy after them. I highly recommend this spiritual order to my red brethren, and in a special manner to those within the jurisdiction of the United States, as they will be more suitably prepared for this work than those in the far west, who are as yet unknown to the white man. As it has taken ages to lay the foundation of this glorious work now begun, so it will take ages of the future before it arrives to its meridian height of glory. In that day man will be governed by principle, and led and guided by the law of love and kindness. Before the millennium can shine in its full brightness, all wars, contention, strife, bitter animosities, thefts, and robberies, will have to be entirely done away. In that day if a man is found guilty of violating the strict laws of nature, it will be considered as much of a crime as murder is at the present day. Then will universal brotherhood throughout Christendom, that the white man has so long looked and prayed for take place. In that day the word heathen will not be known on the earth, for every one will have knowledge of the mind and will of the great spirit. Marvel not at these words of mine because they come from an Indian spirit, for the great spirit has called me to be a prophet, though there are Indian spirits far superior to me. Many truths I could tell you about the Spirit World, and even Planets much larger than yours, but a few at present must suffice : There are Planets inhabited by a race of beings far more intelligent than the inhabitants of your sphere. They have already arrived at the great millennium you are looking for, although not so far advanced as the inhabitants of spirit life. The progress of man's eternal existence is beyond the comprehension of the most learned in your sphere. Many solemn and eternal truths might be spoken, but I must now close. I love the white man, and own him as my Brother, although he has abused the Indian. So, kindly farewell, in love. Your Indian Brother, Tecumwega.' North Union Ohio.