THE SHAKER MANIFESTO AN OFFICIAL MONTHLY. G. A. LOMAS Editor. Shakers, N. Y. VOL. VIII.—SEPTEMBER. 1878.—No. IX. THE CHARIOT WHEELS MOVE ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE Was there ever a time in the world's history of which we have knowledge, when the banner of truth was so unfurled and borne along the highway of progression, as it is at the present? Thinking minds are awake, and not only keep pace Avith the onward march of events as they transpire, but are making diligent search for kevs to unlock the doors which will open the treasuries of greater scientific knowledge, for the expansion of natural philosophy, and spiritual unfoldment. And with marked avidity they come forward armed with the strength and courage of the lion,— if not with the gentleness of the lamb— to meet in open combat the fallacies of the past, with newly revealed truths of the present, and prophecies of the yet to come. Do we not, in a degree, see in this the fulfillment of the vision of the prophet, who saw the 'four living creatures' bearing the 'likeness of a man'—the progressive spirit—resting not from their labors day nor night but rolling on the wheels of their chariot, turning neither to the right nor left, but in one straight forward course breaking down barriers to make a way for the reign of the Prince of Peace? Sectarian bigotry, false creeds and dogmas, have ruled, and blocked the way of Science and Religion down through the ages. Life-giving, effective agencies have also been slowly, but surely at work, growing stronger and more forcible, weakening the walls of tho citadel of false theologies, until a tidal wave is now sweeping over Christendom, which threatens to undermine the foundation of the old heavens, and extinguish the fires of their terrible hells. Does not this betoken a better state of things? May we not hope that the time is nearing when God will begin to build His city with foundations firmly laid and so deeply rooted in principles of truth, that nothing can move them? While Science is doing a marvelous work, through mortal agency, revealing hidden forces in material things—touching the earth-life—it is evident that spirits from the Resurrection spheres are also doing a great work. Natural, external things, have their time and place ; but should not be suffered to occupy the whole ground and take possession of the 213 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. interests of soul and body. The life germs that are inherent in every human soul, are offshoots from the greatTree in the eternal realm of spirit life, whose leaves never wither, and whose roots never decay. By expansion and growth, the beautiful branches of a tree stretch upward into the sun-light; even so will living, conscious beings wend their way to higher spheres of thought and action, and form a joint relation to the first Cause of all intelligences. The great question that arises at the present time is : What relation do we hold to our fellow beings, and how shall we form a strong bond that will unite us in one common brotherhood and sisterhood? When we are willing to work unselfishly in the cause of humanity, and base all our acts of life upon true principles, that question will not be difficult to solve. To accomplish this desired result, we need a heavenly baptism from celestial spheres of light and life divine. Infidelity has reared strong castles in what is called Christian America, and Its subjects have fortified themselves against a hireling priesthood, or any messenger who would approach them with blood-stained creeds. They look into the popular churches of the day, and see a hydra-headed monster, whose component parts, are Sensuality, Avarice, Monopoly and Intemperance, sitting in what are styled the temples of God ; and reasoning logically they ask, 'What better is a sinning Christian, than one who makes no profession of piety, and commits the same sins? Of what value is a profession ?' They turn with disgust from empty creeds and false pretensions ! And yet they may feel a strong love for truth, and reverence virtue wherever manifest, whether in Jew, or in Greek. The world will never be redeemed by mere belief in any code of laws, or formula of doctrine. The hope of the race lies in a living faith in God who is able to save from sin, all who are willing to be thus saved : not by merely believing, but doing what is just and right. We need inspirational power a constant intromission of divine essence or endowment from the Infinite; a faith that requires correlative works. We may run to and fro in the laii'd, and speak as with tongues of angels, and cry ulo here, and lo there,' if we do not seal our testimony with righteous works, it will avail little—be like clouds in the horizon that appear and give promise of rain when the earth is parched, then disappear without sending forth the expected shower to revive vegetation. Truth and Justice must form the basis of a Christian character. Upon that basis we may rest the lever that will move the world. The power of Love, outwrought—actualized—in deeds of charity, and obedience to the behests of conscience and divine laws, will inspire confidence God-ward ; and fit us to be ministers to others, and to bear the ensign of peace and salvation. Literary attainments, and intellectual endowments, often fail of supplying the soul needs, or of giving a thorough idea of the spirit of the age in which we live,— the causes which produce certain effects —and the necessary agencies to remove those causes, and change conditions for the better. Light will comprehend, and disperse darkness. Therefore, let us pray that God's angels may visit us, bearing shining lamps to this sin-darkened earth, re- vealing the sin of Sensuality, which ai the parent of Intemperance : that evil alone, now causes untold misery in human society as the tears of many mothers, who are thereby bereft of the com- forts of life ; and as homeless, breadless children, will attest. Intemperance has become'so formidable, that it baffles law, and human effort is unable to cope with it. It lifts its head high ; and the conquering armies from the inner worlds are needed to strike a deadly blow. Carnal weapons will never accomplish the much needed work ; spiritual agencies must be employed. To this end many earnest inspirational prayers from warm hearted humanitarians have ascended, in public and in private, that the inebriate's cup may be numbered among the things that were, and the dissolute be reclaimed from the demon master, and made free; Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.