Selected FILL THE LUNGS Persons who take but little exercise neglect to draw the air into the lungs. This should be accomplished by taking long and full inspirations for a short time, every day, while in the open air. This practice would get the lungs into the habit of opening to the air quite down to their base, and would make the breathing much more natural, as well as effectual at all times. In the case of young persons, it would enlarge the capacity of the chest, and add to the brief years of life. The True Gentleman The following sketch is called the portrait of a true gentleman, found in an old manor- house in Gloucestershire, England, written, framed, and hung over the mantel-piece of a tapestried sitting-room:— 'The true ggitleman is God's servant, the world's master, and his own man; virtue is his business, study his recreation, contentment his rest and happiness his reward; God MANIFESTO. THE 331 is his father, the Church is his mother, the saints his brethren, all that need him his friends; devotion is his chaplain, chastity is his chamberlain ; sobriety his butler, temperance his cook, hospitality his housekeeper. Providence his steward, charity his treasurer, piety the mistress of his house, and discretion his porter, to let in or out as most fit. This is his whole family, made up of virtues, and he is the true master of the house. He is necessitated to take the world on his way to heaven; but he walks through it a fast as he can, and all his business by the way, is to make himself and others happy. Take him in two words—a Man and a Christian.' The first thing is to make your sermon plain... The first thing is to make your sermon plain. Rev. Blomfield preached on the text, 'The fool hath said in his heart, 'There is no God.' ' Wishing to find out how it pleased his people, he called a poor foolish man to the pulpit and asked him how he liked the sermon. The reply, which made Blomfield a sadder and a wiser man, was, 'Well, sir, I must say that I can't agree with you. In spite of all you've said, I think there must be a God.