H. L. Green—Esteemed Friend, Have just received your cordial invitation to attend... Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. H. L. Green—Esteemed Friend, Have just received your cordial invitation to attend the L. L. Convention to be held at Watkins, N. Y. in August. Upon this subject of National Reform, my whole soul is moved with deep emotion, caused by influx from the innner spheres of the Spirit World, which is, at this time, acting upon the earth sphere to inaugurate the Second Cycle of the great American Revolution. The founders of the First Cycle—the Signers—are all in the Spirit World. They rest not day nor night, until their revelational, prophetical ideal of a Civil Government is incarnated upon the earth. It is the hope of humanity, their trust in God that the Judge of all the earth will do right and cause those who rule their fellows to do right. The list of speakers invited to your Convention indicates the existence, in ourcountry, of true Sons and Daughters of the Signers— Infidels all—Infidel to false systgms of Church and State, religious and civil institutions that make men and women, capital and labor, enemies to each other, enacting laws that sin as with a cart rope. Let us begin the Second Cycle where the Signers began the First—at the bottom. Put the axe of Reform at the root of Society eso THE SHAKER evils. They declared the inalienable right of man, independent of all existing laws o Great Britian and her thousand years of polit ical and religious experience. Let us declare the rights of man and wo man, of labor and capital—the right of hu man beings, not to the pursuit of happiness only, but to its permanent possession—tha all government should tend toward that enc —the good of all. As Jefferson, Paine and coadjutors removed one class of evils, so let us remove another class. We have made a good beginning. Slavery i abolished. Imprisonment for debt is abolished. Public lands are free to actual settlers. Homesteads are inalienable. Women have some rights besides that of being chastilet with a whip not bigger than a broomstick, applied by her lord. Let us make women citizens, limit the quantity of land to be owned by a citizen, thus increasing the number of freeholders and decreasing the material for armies and navie —landless people. Abolish all laws for collecting debts. Each town establish a homestead where all the weary can find rest, and all tramps plenty of work on the farm, or in the garden or shops. Have a communistic, uni. tary home of their' own, with brains to manage it. In a word, educate men and Avomen to take care of themselves. And educate one class to take care of the class that will not do it, and all will be cared for. Success to the coming, great Watkins Convention. F. W. Evans