THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. SOME PLAIN ANSWERS From many plain questions, concerning 'The Shakers' received by us, we are led to feel surprised that simple Shaker life is not better understood by the masses ! We would make some plain answers : There was a time when Shakcrism endured the sobriquet ol 'disguised impurity' as charged by the prejudiced. Now, when it is privileged to enjoy the notoriety of unchallenged purity, the conclusion is arrived at by some, that the Shakers 'must be very weak to be so very good !' Thanks to God for such weakness. The questions, whether our system is not unnatural, and would soon depopulate the world, are very natural, and just as unspiritual and untrue. The fact that 'all could not receive this saying,' of Jesus, is no truer than that only a few 'are able' to be Shakers ; and so few, that there can be no noticeable dimimition of population as a consequence, however much we might wish such ac- tion of the few, would tend to an improvement of the race by those who are not able to be Christians. One person asks: 'Has God made a mistake in the institutes of nature?' We think not; nor in his more valued instructions of the Spirit to 'come up and live the life of Christ.' We state it as simply impossible for generative or flesh-loving men and women to live the Christ life ; and if Christ's life is best, and we deem it so, then the grosser use of 'the institutes of nature' must be denied for better uses in communal, Christian relations. Let those knowing no better use for 222 MANIFESTO. THE SHARER 223 the propagative institutes, use them according to the highest conceptions of right, for the productions of only sound minds and healthy bodies—and none others have any right to be conceived nor born—then, and then only will God be honored by reproductions of humanity, and honored then, only on man's animal plane of existence. But the rule now is, scarcely without exception, that 'the likeness' of God is dishonored through unlawful indulgences, and Nature's commonest cry is : 'I never knew you !' The Shakers instead of decrying matrimony or reproductions admit that these should be lawful, earthly felicities—very earthly—not heavenly practices. If there were nothing higher nor better than these practices, then, we the Shakers, would engage in them ; but who is ready to blame us for choosing a life so superior to the married, propagative sphere, as to find no com- parison in happiness, even amid 'ecstatic courtships'—whatever these may be ? We grant that marriage and its consequences are honorable and legitimate in their place ; but we as readily and positively assert, that there is nothing of 'the higher life' in them; and in the degree that 'thy will be done on earth' is consummated here 'as it is in heaven,' we opine that it will appear to many beclouded minds, that in heaven the angels do not engage in such earthly felicities. If we can be fashioned after Angelic Construction no^o, who has any right to object? Now, we will be honest, very honest in saying, that we are arxious that those who 'cannot receive' full Christianity into their life practices, but will live like 'the children of this world,' shall so engage their institutes of nature 'as directed by the laws of Moses ;' for by so doing, they aid largely in the cumulation of Shaker material! The laws of nature kept as they should be, even regarding 'the population question,' and Shakerism is assured a populous and flourishing institution ! Our correspondents, and others, must stop urging reforms in sexual indulgences, if they have any objections to the growth of our institutions. There are many who are living, or striving to live 'humble,' married lives ; but to call such lives Christian, is a misrepresentation of, or insult to the Angels 'in heaven' for whose practices we pray, or pretend to pray 'to be done on earth,' and from whence Christianity Avas derived ! Christianity introduced as a superior relationship, brethren and sisters in Christ. We would ask where there is any contiguity between such relationship and husbands and wives ? According to the language of nature such admixture would be incestuous and unholy ! And so far from being a Christian institution, we would ask wherein Jesus ever accepted it as such, either in his life or testimony, or when any of his disciples ever had his union in so doing? As a civil institution, marriage ia righteous ; as a Christian institution it is a misnomer and unrighteous. Marriago should people the earth ; Celibacy peoples the heavens, wherever these may be; and regardless of any objections these stand unalterably true. Exchanging marriage for celibate relationship, paves the way for common property relations ; and for peace eternal. All contentions and wars have their origin in the selfishness of the flesh— for land, women, or else. Do away MANIFESTO 334 THE SHAKER with the spirit of mine, and the dawn of peace begins immediately ; happier homes will result, and grinders of the faces of the poor need not tremble because of so-called communists, who are only attempting to equalize t the good things of this life unevenly shared by ungodly, unbrotherly monopolists. Shakerism would open a peaceable arbitrament for all who would live above contentions. It would make all equal sharers of burdens and blessings in this life ; bring down the mountains of selfishness ; lift up the valleys of poverty and degradation ; while the strong and superior would say and act towards the weak : 'I am your brother.' How far are we from such a condition now? Just as far, as we are away from the simplest Christianity ; and we hold that while marriage, private property, war, politics, etc. are right among the earthly and earthy ; there is a superior call for 'all who are able to live it,' to come up to the plane whereon Jesus stood—resurrected above marriage, sensual loves and lusts ; private property and war—and thus realize that true Shakerism and radical Christianity are identical; and these are 'the power of God unto fuller salvation' than any thing else ever known.