QUONDAM SAILOR CHAP.VIII At length after a rough voyage of three weeks, we reached one of the lee-ward islands, Miyow; a little gem of an island which was very fertile. Here we laid off and on with the vessel, there being no anchorage for anything bigger than a canoe; and here the captain purchased an abundance of food such as Yams, Sweet Potatoes, Bread-fruit, Oranges, and several Hogs. One of the hogs was wild and fierce, and on being loosed, cleared the main deck of every body. A number of us ran up the rigging, some took to the high quarter deck, and one man jumped over-board and swam to our jolly boat which was towing alongside. The natives whose business it was to look after these animals, soon rallied and slaughtered him. The flesh of these hogs is very sweet and good, quite unlike the domestic animals of civilized countries, for they run wild on the island, picking up their living from the abundant, spontaneous supply of nuts, roots, and vegetables. After leaving Miyow, we called at Huheine, a large mountainous island, where Tyreman and Bennett, two English missionaries first established themselves. I went ashore in THE the boat with the Captain, who left his wif, and child there. In walking around, among the little cluster of native huts, I unexpectedly met a young white man, with whom I had previously associated as ship-m:ite. lie had been Steward for a six-month's cruise in the whale ship Phcnix, coming on board at Eimeo, and being discharged there at the return of the ship from a cruise on the equator, or 'on the line' as the sailors call it. He was a native of Smyrna, and could speak Greek, French, Italian, Spanish, and other eastern languages. He had learned the Tahiti language, and seemed quite at home with the natives. The captain finished his business, and set sail for Tahiti which lies forty or fifty miles to wind-ward. The day we reached Parpatie was very fine, and the old native pilot Jim—as he was commonly called—or 'Jim the pilot,' came and took our vessel into the beautiful harbor of Parpatie. Here the schooner was anchored near an old hulk belonging to Captain Hall and his partner, the American Consul. Our cargo of cocoa-nuts was discharged in this hulk, to be sold to whale ships who came to this place in great numbers, to obtain provisions. We remained on board the schooner but a short time after our arrival at Tahiti. A young man Edward by name, who was a native of London, England, and who was one of our crew, went to Eimeo where he had a partner who had cleared a little patch of land, and planted it with sweet potatoes. There were three men in partnership in this little colony. The principal was an English merchant from Sydney, Australia. Edward being absent a few days returned in a boat belonging to Sanders, the trader, to visit his ship-mates. In conversing with him, we learned that we could have the same wages to work for them, as we were having on board the vessel, which was eight dollars a month; and as wages were small at the Society islands, John and I accepted our ship-mate's invitation to go with him to Eimeo. Collecting our little all from the vessel which had taken us from our lone, island home, we went to the boat which wa9 to take us to our future abode, and had waited but a short time when S.inders tho owner of the boat cam a. and appeared very much disturbed, fearing we had left without the Consul's consent; so to satisfy himself that all was right, he went to tho Consulate, and obtaining satisfaction wo accompanied him to Einieo. Leaving Parpatie we passed through tho ruff into the open sea, and steered forEinco, which looked to be a long distance to reach in so small a boat, yet we crossed in safety. We hardly reached the snug little bay of Afraito when a heavy thunder shower camo on. My brother, and James Martin— Edward's partner—crawled under the cuddy of the little boat, while Edward and I went ashore and found shelter in a native house. The natives were kind to us, and we talked with them as well as our limited knowledgo of their language would permit. The rain poured in torrents, and wo remained all night in the native house, which, like all the houses of these people waa very open on the sides, but with an excellent tight roof, which is made from the leaves of »ume kind of palm. In the morning we commenced unloading our boat, by carrying some great sacks of salt and sugar to the house of the English missionary. Having had no breakfast wo were very weak, and went staggering rip the graveled walk before the missionary's cottage, with the heavy sacks on our shoulders, which caused much merriment among the natives who were seated near their huts, comfortably wrapped in their Tappas, or native cloth, chatting away very merrily at the expense of the white sailors, who were acting the part of beasts of burden, in carrying stores of good things to Mitter Howe, as they called the missionary. Well as I staggered along with my heavy load, I thought of the line things I had heard at the Sabbath schools, of theso Evangelical missionaries on the Pacific islands. I had left my home, father, mother, brothers and sisters, that I might visit theso islands, and see these self-devoted messcnSHAKER, MANIFESTO. 228 IVEAjNTIPT'HISTO. nog gers of good tidings of salvation. Oh, I enjoyed the thought of meeting these dear saviours, who had left home and f.iends to give their lives for the conversion of the poor benighted heathen. Well, the above was my ideal of the missionary, and now we were to meet them in their field of labor. The sack on my shoulder was very heavy, and it was by our utmost exertion that any of us reached the mission house; however, we got there and were met by Mrs. Howe, her face all aglow with indignation, that the salt and sugar we had brought, got wet during the rain of the previous night. Mrs. Howe was a largo woman, with an Anglo Saxon face. She talked very hard about Mr. Sanders' carelessness in allowing her stores to get damaged. On telling Sanders of the trouble, he pleasantly remarked that she should have some dry from his stores. Now, this self-sacriflcbg missionary never offered us a bit of refreshment, no water, •and never even thanked us f jr our exertions in waiting upon her. The air-bubble burst, ray ideal missionary dissolved into air. Our ship-mate Edward had a native' f.-iend Jit Afraito who cooked us a good meal which was served in native style. This native was not a convert, but a fine looking young man, who proved himself more of a true friend to us, than the lady, f,)r he gave us food and drink, while she did nothing of the kind, but rather abused us for wli.it wo could not avoid. (continued )