THE RELIGION OF THE FUTURE It is peculiarly true, that however distasteful the gospel of Christ may be, as dispensed by the tenets of Shakerism ; however decidedly the masses of people shun the idea of adopting Shaker faith as their life line of conduct in Christianity ; yet nearly or quite all expect, so soon as they shall have passed the boundaries of this life, to enter into re- lations so similar to Shaker life on earth, as almost to appear identical! That which appears so dreadful here, is acepted as being the constituent life of the heavens there. Why is virgin celibacy so shunned, almost universally, by those whose religious teachings have decided this to be one of the basic conditions of those in heavenly life? Why is this admitted to have been the life of Jesus, the Christ, and admired in him, but considered a nonessential in his followers, and ridiculed and despised in those who consider it essentially religious thus to follow him? Truly, the religion of the future will be illustrated by having virgin celibacy as a marked characteristic. In the heavenly world, it is a generally accepted truth, that a universal brotherhood will prevail. There, private, personal, selfish considerations will be ignored, and equality ensue, and conse- quently heavenly interests enhanced. The lusts of the flesh, the pride of this life and the selfish spirit of mine, will all be rejected as inharmonious elements to the formation of the Christian's heaven. So, too, will peace prevail; because the elements of war have been cast out. No lusts, no pride, no wars ; no hankering after worldly power, popularity nor possessions; hence, heaven will oe the result. If such is the belief of religionists to- day, and we believe it is, without an exception among professedly Christian ihurches, how different are such condiions and life, to these same, now in exjrcise among all Shaker Societies? Our estimony is opposed to the good and jad of generative, sexual loves and usts ; and why? Because, we have givMANIFESTO. THE SHAKER iMLAJVIiniESTO. 227 •en these in exchange for brotherly and sisterly relations of love, that exceed in value, any merely animal indulgence. Rejecting and losing the inferior of this life, that we may gain a foretaste at last, of the powers and blessings of the world to come. We are opposed to war, contentions, etc., for good or bad uses. They are as unheavenly here, as they ever will be in spirit life. The religion of the future will hot admit of war, strife, nor aught like carnal resistance. The Churches of today, are very lax in their direct reference to the life and teachings of him whom they claim as Lord and Head. Evasion seems to be the rule; Paul's permissions to evade earnestly sought after ; while the pure. lovely life of the Christ—the religion of the future—is admired, but not copied. Let the religion of the future, have its dawn with us today. It will place self-denial, to all unspirited loves and lusts, over the doors of our souls. We shall be nobler men and women ; Peace will reign; equality in all good things be inaugurated, and our best love for God, be evidenced through our largest love for humanity.