ANN LEE. Her work, her People, and their Critics. Sixth Paper When in 1620 the Puritans found a refuge in this country—when Massachusetts assured them immunity from the horrid persecutions they had suffered for their faith in the Mother country—none could then have thought, that they would, a few years after, engage in similar or worse persecutions upon unresisting Quakers and Shakers ! But, while the name of Puritan, unsullied by the record of whippings, brandings, hangings and burnings, of those as 'earnest for the faith' as they ever had been, would be a glorious affix for any people, history sanctions the assertion, that Puritan as really means a holy horror, as the term Sioux means treachery! While Ann Lee and company remained in Massachusetts, preaching to and saving souls, and apparently in the measure in which they were successful in these, they were most barbarously assaulted by the descendants of the Puritans. We are loth to present a lengthy chapter of these horrors, but will name a few cases of outrage upon these unoffending Shakers by the holy horror Puritans : While yet at Harvard, in the Square House, mobs assembled armed with clubs, and ordered the Shakers to leave the place. The Shakers were engaged in worship. Some of the mob rushed in, and seizing Daniel Wood, and in passing him violently through a door, burst a blood vessel, causing consternation among themselves, at which they then retired. Soon after a mob of two hundred men again assembled; finding the Believers at worship and on their knees in prayer, they rushed in upon both brethren and sisters, and beginning with Richard Treat who was nearest the door, they seized him by the throat and delivered him to the company remaining outside. The report goes on to say : 'Thus they seized one after another, some by their collars, others by their throats, still others by the hair of their heads, and dragged them outside. In this manner the brethren and sisters were all seized indiscriminately, without any resistance on their part, and dragged out with as little humanity as ravenous wolves would drag out harmless sheep. None but devils incarnate could be so far divested of the feelings of common humanity as were those engaged in this horrid transaction.' They were now surrounded by the mob, beaten, and ordered to march. Some attempted to plead for mercy and consideration, but were immediately struck on their mouths with clubs. Some were aged and infirm and could not travel as fast as their drivers MANIFESTO THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 335 wished, when their pace was quickened by the strokes of whips! After driving the Believers for three miles, they halted; 'Now,' said the leader, 'we will have a little diversion.' Seizing on one of the brethren, they made him disrobe for a whipping. He obeyed; and kneeling, quoted: 'Be of good cheer, brethren, for it is your Heavenly Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom ;' and while yet speaking, and before any were ordered to attack him, one ruffian struck him several blows with his whip; at this, another of the brethren jumped on to the back of the kneeling brother, which act was followed by a most brutal attack upon both, with clubs, canes and whips. The mob now had their hands full; for each of the brethren seemed determined to save the other from the strokes, which fell fast and heavy. One of the brethren began to pray, when he was seized and hurled against a stone wall with great violence. 'Did you stop the little dog from praying?' asked one of the leaders. ' 'No; nor I couldn't unless I had killed him !' Such scenes as these were common and would fill a lmndred pages like this-, to write them all in detail. One of the brethren, at another time, was knocked from his horse by a fence rail; others were tied naked to trees and lashed; one sister, was nearly strangled to death, by a mob which attacked them with whips and clubs, while eating some bread and cheese ; it was with great difficulty that she recovered. All the time the Believers remained in Mass, and Conn, they were subjected to the constant abuses of violent mobs ; and to think that such scenes were enacted in these States but a hundred years ago, by the descendants of those who fled from their native land be- cause of persecutions, seems almost impossible to believe. And why was all this mischief attempted and committed? Let the record of those days speak: 'All these scenes had no other cause, than that the gospel increased; the testimony against the flesh prevailed, and the fears of antichrist became more and more alarmed. It could not endure a religion which threatened the foundation of its Kingdom, by turning so many of its subjects from darkness to light, and converting them from the error of their ways.' None lost their lives; but it has always been considered providential that some were not kilred. Many carried the results of fractured bones, in crippled limbs and deep scars, to their graves. At the disinterment of Wm. Lee, (brother of Mother Ann,) a few years since, his skull was found to have been fractured!