Selected FILL THE LUNGS Persons who take but little exercise neglect to draw the air into the lungs. This should be accomplished by taking long and full inspirations for a short time, every day, while in the open air. This practice would get the lungs into the habit of opening to the air quite down to their base, and would make the breathing much more natural, as well as effectual at all times. In the case of young persons, it would enlarge the capacity of the chest, and add to the brief years of life. The True Gentleman The following sketch is called the portrait of a true gentleman, found in an old manor- house in Gloucestershire, England, written, framed, and hung over the mantel-piece of a tapestried sitting-room:— 'The true ggitleman is God's servant, the world's master, and his own man; virtue is his business, study his recreation, contentment his rest and happiness his reward; God MANIFESTO. THE 331 is his father, the Church is his mother, the saints his brethren, all that need him his friends; devotion is his chaplain, chastity is his chamberlain ; sobriety his butler, temperance his cook, hospitality his housekeeper. Providence his steward, charity his treasurer, piety the mistress of his house, and discretion his porter, to let in or out as most fit. This is his whole family, made up of virtues, and he is the true master of the house. He is necessitated to take the world on his way to heaven; but he walks through it a fast as he can, and all his business by the way, is to make himself and others happy. Take him in two words—a Man and a Christian.' The first thing is to make your sermon plain... The first thing is to make your sermon plain. Rev. Blomfield preached on the text, 'The fool hath said in his heart, 'There is no God.' ' Wishing to find out how it pleased his people, he called a poor foolish man to the pulpit and asked him how he liked the sermon. The reply, which made Blomfield a sadder and a wiser man, was, 'Well, sir, I must say that I can't agree with you. In spite of all you've said, I think there must be a God. A Hindoo Prayer! 'There is one thing, my God, which makes me very anxious. It is this. Having loved thee as my Father and Mother, I now feel I cannot fear thee, as a transgressor like myself should fear the great Judge. The fact is, I love thee, and yet I love and cherish my sins too. Assuredly my love for thee is not genuine pure love. So, at least, says my conscience. And yet I cannot believe that I do not love thee. Teach me, God, to har- monize sweet love with chastening fear, that I may, wMIr loving thee with passionate at- tachment, root out whatsoever is wrong in my heart. If I cannot fear thee, Lord, let thy holy spirit so sanctify my inner nature that there may be left no cause for fear.' The Boyhood of Jesus 'And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit.' How thoroughly human this is! It was a real, true humanity, which in him was united to divinity. Here is a true Galilean child, a real Israelitish boy. Here is the human nature in its process of development. Its proper qualities are becoming, coming forth into manifestation, into full and evident possession of their substance. There is a proper growth of healthy and perfect childhood, advancing toward healthy and perfect and strong manhood. Was there in Nazareth, think you, or in Galilee, a more resolute boy than Jesus? Had there* been in Rome or in Sparta? He 'grew and waxed strong in spirit.' 'The grace of God, which was upon him,' did not make him feeble and spiritless. There was in him the natural connection between healthy bodily growth, and increasing strength of mind. As he climbed thehills about Nazareth; as he plied the lighter tools in his, Joseph's shop ; as he fed temperately at the table, and slept soundly under the roof of that home, which, if lowly, we can never imagine untidy nor unwholesome—he grew, and as his frame increased in size, and his limbs in vigor, his spirit waxed stronger day by day. It increased in energy, in courage, in fortitude. We cannot imagine him rude, boisterous, turbulent, ready to quarrel with other boys, nor to tyrannize over them, when he found himself the stronger. But can you imagine him scared by any blustering young Nazarene, turned aside from duty to human parents, or to God, by any rough boy's threats, or any proud girl's sneer? Boys, true piety will not make you tame, spiritless, cowardly. Study your Bibles to learn what kind of a boy Jesus was. To be tike him will make you both manly and gentlemanly.— H. A. Nelson, D. D.