'THE GOOD TIME COMING.' NO. 1 WM. H. BUSSELL The faculties of prevision and prophecy, like those of vision and ordinary speech, are common to mankind. But the former, like the other intellectual faculties, are not universally developed. The sensuous faculties manifest themselves early because of early necessities. In the Divine economy, the internal powers are developed, from age to age, in accordance with the exigencies of the age. Prevision has to do with events and not with the forms of things. But because foresight, like the external sight, naturally demands forms to be presented to it, future events are represented under various forms called symbols and figures. 'Coming events cast their shadow before.' Symbols need interpretation to most minds ; what they are intended to represent does not readily occur to all. For this reason sceptical persons are inclined to reject all prevision and prophecy as the views and utterances of minds demented. A Voltaire requires no better subjects upon which to exercise his wit and ridicule; and the mere matter-of-fact scientist is content to remit all such IVLAJNJTinESTO THE SHAKER S14 m: ajsttwjssto . things to the realms of fancy. Laugh ter is a good thing in itself—it make the heart merry; it is often effectua also in banishing errors and supersti tions that cling to some minds in spite o all reason. Absolute truth is needed by all, even though it should confound all previous conceptions. But ridicule and sarcasm are not good substitutes for truth, though they may be used as weapons to comba error. They cherish self conceit, while truth gives 'quietness and assurance forever.' Truth is eternal and immutable ; its semblance is many-shaped but perishable. The phantoms that have borne the name of truth have not been confined to the fancy realms of the romancer ; not a few of them have occupied the fields that theological and scientific minds would have had us believe contained only the messengers of light. So has it been all along the past ages ; so is it still; and so is it likely to be for ages yet to come. But, in the beautiful language of Bryant— 'Truth crushed to earth shall rise again, The eternal years of God are hers ; But error, wounded, writhes in pain, And dies amid his worshipers.' Actually, however, truth has never been 'crushed to earth.' Individuals holding a truth may pass from earth compelled by violent hands, but truth itself continues to gain ground. Very gloomy pictures ha v e been drawn by certain ecclesiastical limners of what they have styled the 'dark ages,' that is, th.3 canturioj that intervened between the days of Jems Christ and his early church and the present time. But the student of history discovers no greater mental or moral darkness in those, than in the ages preceding. He may be disappointed that the beautiful, heaven-descended precepts uttered by Jesus should have had no greater influence upon the minds of the many thousands that professed them during all those centuries; but that they did not gradually work and are not still working out a better state of things than previously existed in the parts of the earth where they were promulgated is by no means true. The leaven may have operated slowly, but it did not cease to work. Our modern writers are accustomed to style the present age enlightened; but centuries hence, in view of the many wars between Christian nations of the present age, and the numerous hostile sects into which the professing disciples of Jesus are divided, the present may 30 classed with the former 'dark ages.' It is the province of the seer to look into the future so as to be able to present to other minds the glowing pictures that entrance his own. It is his provnce also to view 'the pillar of cloud by lay and of fire by night,' by which Divine Providence has guided the people hrough the wilderness of the past up to he present promised land, and which is o lead them forward to a still 'better country.' The successes of the past are an encouragement for the future. Groveland, N. Y.