BOOK TABLE E. D. Babbitt J.M. Peebles The principles of Light and color : By E. D. Babbitt, Mt. Ill Eighth St. New York. Price, post pud, $4.00. Tin? book is already producing a decided sensation in the scientific and cultured world, and contains probably a greater nnmb3r of rorriarkablo discoveries than any om volusn of lEodcin times. It is issued in superb style on heavy tone... embracing 57G royal 8vo pages. The demonstration for the first time of the form and working of Atoms, of the basic principles of Chemistry, of the marvelous chemical and therapeutical power of Light, Color, and other Fine and Spiritual Forces invisible to the ordinary eye, by means cf which many of the mystic and heretofore unknown laws of Nature and Mind stand revealed, is of vast importance as presenting new keys cf power to man. The exact processes of Clairvoyance, Psychology, Statuvolence, Psychometry, Color-Healing, and the invisible human Radiations, are given, and anew world of forces disclosed. The cream of the discoveries of Robert Hunt, Dr. Forbes Winslow, Gen. Pleasanton, Tyndall, and many others, as well as some of the choice things from Drs. J. R. Buchanan, H. H. Sherwood, Pancoast, etc., are presented. The chemical and healing power of all known elements is given by means of Spectrum Analysis as crystallized into a science. The complete preacher, is a monthly periodical, issued by the Religious News paper Agency 21 Barclay St. N. Y. We would call particular attention to the June No. as containing sermons upon vital subjects, chief of which are the discourses of Dr. F. C. Ewer which have created intense excitement; and the reply thereunto by Henry Ward Beecher. The punishment of sin eternal : The same agency publish three interesting discourses upon the above subject, being replies to H. W. Beecher, Robt. Ingersoll and Canon Farrar, by Justhi D. Fulton. Those who have read the recently notorious utterances of this trio, will be very interested in Fulton's replies. Christ tii^ cokneu sto;;;; o? spiritualism, by J. M. Peebles, Cjlby and Rich, Boston, Mats. Every pamphlet that our brother Peebles writes is chock fall of sound sense and good reasoning; and this one oil the above subject, is no exception. The cita:jpions ok the church : By J). M. Bennett, Editor of The Truth Seeker. Christianity, so-called, as judged by the lives of its prominent uphold2rs, receives S3O THE SHAKER througli these pages the most keen and damaging testimony. Having reversed the intentions of the founder of Christianity by making its name answer all purposes, too many have been found to use it, specifically, for the basest, most selfish ends; and this work is a terrible expose. Inquire for it by addressing its author 141 Eighth St. New York. Nora Kay : Proctor Bros. Gloucester, Mass. This is a simple, beautifully written story of a child medium. If true, it is a wonderful story; but if written merely for the romance of thought, it will simply cheer and inebriate. Its price is only Fifty Cents; and while we should judge, from its termination, it is too novel to be true, no great harm can come to the reader, while passing with it a pleasant hour. 'CHAMPIONS OP THE OHUEOH.' Our brother, J. M. Peebles, writes as follows : 'There has just reached me from the office of D. M. Bennett, editor of the Truih-Seeker, New York, a volume of 1119 pages, entitled, 'The Champions of the Church, Their Crimes and Persecutions.' This is a very valuable work. Any book or pamphlet that incites thought, leads to the study of history, and inspires candid investigation, is serviceable to humanity. And this large and handsomely bound volume will do this very thing. And yet, considering the contents, so pungent and bravely written, would not this have been a more appropriate title—''The Champions of Superstition and Bigotry'? The spirit of Christ is the very opposite of crime and intolerance. And further, the general teachings of Jesus are against it. The genius of true Christianity and the conduct of professed Christians should never be confounded. Among several errors that should be corrected in future editions are these : 'Krishna Crucified upon a Tree upon the Banks of the Ganges.' 'Sakya Muni Gautama Buddha claimed by his Followers to have been Crucified upon a Cross.' The followers of Sakya Muni Gautama never claimed any such thing, nor do they at the present time. Neither was Krishna crucified. I attended the festival in his honor a year ago this month in Madras, India. The procession was immense, and the arrow symbolizing his death was conspicuous among the sacred images. Elphinstone's history of India, edited by Prof. Cowell of the Sanskrit College, Calcutta, says, (chap. 3. p. 100.) 'Krishna's end was also unfortunate ; for he was soon involved in civil discord, and at last was slain by the arrow of a hunter, who shot him by mistake in a thicket.' ' Any one wishing to understand the difference between Jesus and Christ, and desirous of knowing the scriptural passages that sustain Spiritualism, should send for Dr. Peebles's 'Christ, the Corner Stone of Spiritualism.' Price 10 cts.