HOME TOPICS Fish as food Fish as food.—There is much nourishment in fish, little if any less than there is in meat, weight for weight. In fact it may be more nourishing, because as a rule it is much more easily digested. Fish is consid?red almost a spscifb against scrofulous diseases. Value of food Vain? of foti.—0 13 prail of corn is equal, as food, to four pound? of potatoes and more than equal to eight pound? i. cabbage, or to twelve and a half pounds of turnips. Meat is not fattening, but is muscle yielding aud strengthening. Grains are fattening. Poisons and Antidotes It not unfrequently happens that serious and distressing results are occasioned by the accidental employment of poisons, and it has occurred to us that we might d;gt; a service to some of our mubrs by presenting them with a brief and compendious li.-t of the more common poisons and the remedies for them most likely to be at hand : Acicfs—These cause great her.t and sensation of burning pain from the mouth d gt;\vn to the stomach. Remedies—Magnesia, soda, pearl-ash or soap, dissolved in water; then use stomach pump or emetics. Alkalies—Best remedy is vinegar. Ammonia—Remedy, lemon juice or vinegar : afterward, re Me and water or ilax^eed tea. Alcohol—First cleanse out the stomach by an emetic; then dash cold water on the head and give ammonia (spiiits cf hartshorn). Arsenic—In the first evacuate the stomach ; then give the white cf egg=, lime water or chalk and water, charcoal, and the preparation of iron, particularly hydrate. Lead—White lead and sugar of leaf. Remedies—Alum and cathartics, such us castor oil and Epsom salts especially. Charcoal—In poisons by carbonic gas, remove the patient to open air, dash cold water on the head and body and stimulate the nostrils and lungs by hartshorn at tha same lime rubbing the chest briskly. Corrosive Sublimate—Give white of eggs freshly mixed with water, or give wheat flour and water or soap and water freely. Creosote—White of eggs and emetics. Belladonna or henbane—Give emetics and then plenty cf vinegar and water, with a dose of ether if handy. Nitrate of silver (lunar caustic)—Give a strong solution of common salt and then emetics. Opiurc—First give a strong emetic of mustard and water, and then strong coffee and acid drinks. Dash cold water on the hend. Laudanum—Same as opium. Nux Vomica—First emetics, then brandy. Oxalic acid—Frequently mistaken fjr Epsom salts. Remedies—Chalk, Magnesia, or soap and water freely : then emetics. Nitrate of potash—Give emetics, then oopius draughts of flaxseed tea, milk and water, and other soothing drinks. Prussia acid—When there i: time administer chlorine in the shape of soda or lime. Hot brandy and water, hartshorn and turpentine are also useful. Hartford Courant