FARM and GARDEN Land Measurement —In order that the farmer should keep an account with his field, it is first necessary that he should ascertain its area. If he provide himself with a straight, stiff pole one rod long and notched into yards, he will be able to ascertain the area as follows: If the sides of the field are all parallel, multiply its length in rods and divide by 160—the quotient will be the number of acres in the field. Second, if the field is triangular in shape multiply the longest side in rods by the greatest width in rods, and divide half the product by 160, and you will get the area in acres. Third, when the sides of the field are irregular and unequal ones, run a line from one extreme corner to the other, and then find the area of the two triangles as above, and add them together. This will give you the number of acres in the whole field. Fields, no matter how ir- regular, may be measured in this way by dividing them into triangles.—Tournat of Ag- ricultu 'e. In speaking of the value of bone-dust... —In speaking of the value of bone-dust as a manure, Prof. Gray says that one bushel to a load of yard manure increases its value—as determined by experiment—one half; and he estimates that it is eight or ten times as valuable as cow-dung. Our Public Roads —Keep the roadsides clear of noxious weeds that would otherwise scatter their seeds in pastures and cornfields. Mow the grass twice in the season for hay, if it cannot be done oftener. Plant trees along the boundaries, or so far within them as to give space for a side-walk. The trees should be mostly two or three rods apart, in order that their forms may become fully rounded and developed as they grow old. In bleak and windy places, plant Norway spruce and other evergreens nearer together, or ten or twelve feet apart, on the windward side, for purposes of shelter and to prevent snow drifts. Bloated cattle can quickly be relieved... Bloated cattle can be quickly relieved by the insertion in the moiith of a straw rope of good size, tying it over the head. A correspondent says a tea... A correspondent says a tea made of cayenne pepper, used twice a day, will kill cabbage worms. It is estimated that 45.000.000 eggs... It is estimated that 45.000.000 eggs are consumed every day in the United States. New York alone consumes 40.000.000 dozen annually. Every farmer should use a part... Every farmer should use a part of his garden as an experimental plot. In no waycan he so advance his own interests and promote the agricultural advantage of the country. A current paragraph informs us... A current paragrapli informs us that a Frenchman accidentally covered up some eggs with earth in September, and by accident discovered them the following Spring, 'as fresh as if just laid, and fit for either eating or setting.'