CIVIL GOVERNMENT vs. Spiritual Government (Address of Elder F. W. Evans at Watkins, N. Y.) 'Ye shall call every man his neighbor under the vine and under the fig tree.' The Law shall go forth from Zion and the Word of the Lord from Jerusalem.' Where is Zion, What is the Law and where shall it go to? When primitive Christianity came into being, in the Augustan age, it was as distinct from the Roman Civil Government as the Shaker Government is distinct from the Civil Government of the United States. Jesus said, 'My kingdom is not of this world, therefore will not my servants fight.' He was the Prince of Peace. The Christian Church fell when it made converts of the Roman Aristocracy and of many Officials of the Empire. Instead of lifting them up out of the world, the Church went down from the cross and blended with the Civil Government of Rome. Under Constantino, the Heathen and Christian systems were mixed, united together. Babylon means mixed. As dowry to the incestuous marriage of Church and State, the Civil Government brought war, and the Spiritual Government, or Church brought religious controversy—the gate of hell. This made the Inquisition a Christian institution, and war was thenceforth an integral element of anti-christianity. MANIFESTO. 243 244 THE SHAKER The Spiritualist John described this complex, compound system as a woman 'sitting upon many waters'—and again as a 'woman sitting upon a scarlet colored beast,' that had a plurality of heads and horns growing out of them. The beast was full of names of blasphemy. The waters and the beast are interpreted as both being the same, peoples, multitudes, nations and tongues. Such as 'give their power unto the beast' are all those who give their adherence to Church and State governments, whether Christian, or Infidel. In his vision, the Revelator next describes the horns—powers—that had grown out of the multitudes and nationsthe beast. These were the Voltaires and Paines, the Jeffersons and Lincolns, the Ingersolls, Greens and Bennetts, who 'hate. the whore of Babylon—the Church and State arrangements.' They make her desolate and naked—torment her with books, papers, lectures and Liberal Leagues—burn her with the fire of rationalism and scientific truth. They collate, damning, historical and existing facts that cannot be successfully controverted. Of such were the founders of the American Government—Skeptics and Infidels, who carried the American Revolution to a successful issue. • Their most deadly foes were of their own household—Tories, members of the Orthodox Churches, Episcopalians, Methodists &amp;c. Paine's Crisis, Rights of Man and Common Sense converted enough of these Christians to save the nation, for God put it into the hearts of these Infidels to fulfill his will by establishing one Government on earth where liberty of conscience should be for the people, as well as for the Priest. Yet it is said that the horns—the opposers—gave their power unto the Beast, 'until the word of God be fulfilled.'—Until the New Heavens and New Earth be created, forming two distinct Governments, Civil and Spiritual. Even Ingersoll and Green, Abbot and Bennett yield obedience to the existing mixed Government, wherein there is, as yet, much priestly power and influence. 'The wretch' of Ecclesiastical and Civil power, that has so long lorded it over the souls and bodies of heretics and free thinkers, is not yet entirely crushed. Church and State are not quite separated even in these United States. Long ago, in a lecture in Worcester, Mass., I canonized Thomas Paine as a Saint, enrolling his name among the friends of God and humanity. He did the will of God in helping to found theAmerican Government, a means of protection to the Shaker Church and Order,, and assisting to tear down Babylonr blasphemously called Christendom. Victor Hugo, in his oration at the Voltaire Centennial, like Paine, denounced War as the direst of human woes and greatest of human curses. While Voltaire made war upon a Constantine Christianity, he eulogized Jesus and was a friend of the Peace loving Quakers. He freed France from the horrible practice of Priests and Magistrates uniting to torture prisoners and witnesses in Courts of injustice, extorting confession before execution. He did crush out that wretched practice in France. He arraigned the Judges in the name of Justice, Warriors, in the name of Jesus, the Prince of Peace, and he called the fighting, torturing clergy to order, in the MANIFESTO. THE SHAKEE 34,5 name of God, Christ and human nature. In place of Heathenish, Constantine Christianity, he substituted Liberty and Fraternity. As our American Republic was founded by Skeptics, with a Government Infidel to Anti Christianity, the Shakers want nothing to do with it, and they attend this gathering, hoping to influence the Convention to make it impossible for any other religious sect to have any thing to do with it. Ingersoll would be a proper successor to Jefferson and Lincoln, as President of these United States. Let us have two manners of people, with two Governments—a purely Secular Government, run by Infidels, and a purely Spiritual Government under the Shakers. We want a New Earth, that will exclude theology, and admit Women as Citizens, making the land as it was in Judea—the inheritance of all the people who live by eating its products. Then will Peace come to stay, the Army and Navy be abolished, tramps be as scarce as slaves, for on our Providential Continent, War shall cease to the end of time, and thus shall every one call his and her neighbor under the vine and under the fig tree with none to make them afraid. Co-operation will obtain in the New Earth and Community of labor and of goods be the practice of all in the New Heavens.