THOUGHTS FOR THE TIMES The Shaker Manifesto (Shakers, New York) has made its appearance... The Shaker Manifesto (Shakers, N. Y.) has made its appearance in this village. As a guide to peace on earth and goodwill among men, the pamphlet is pre-eminently the book for the times.—Saratoga Co., Standard. 'what strong drink does.' It costs $1,000,000,000 annually in money. It makes 50 per cent of our insane. It makes 65 per cent of our paupers. It is the direct cause of 75 per cent of the murders committed. It makes 80 per cent of our criminals. It sends forth 95 per cent of our vicious youth. It sends one every six minutes into a drunkard's grave, or, 87,600 every year. In our own happy or unhappy America, in this enlightened 19th century, facts and MANIFESTO. TH.IG SHAKER figures show that 60.000 lives are annually destroyed by means of intoxicating drink, 4, €00 commit suicide, and 200,000 orphans are made. The crimes resulting from the use of intoxicating drink cost the country annually $40, 000,000 and send to prison 100,000 persons. New York City spends annually f 70.000,0 00 for strong drink and only $3,000,000 for public education. In the State of New York there are 21,242 licensed dram-shops, and perhaps one-fourth that number more not licensed, and only 7,000 churches. In the State of Pennsylvania $83,487,000 is annually spent for strong drink, and only $6,000,000 for public education. In the United States over 400,000 more men are engaged in the liquor business than in preaching the gospel and teaching the youth. To live in a perfect world would be easy... To live in a perfect world would be easy. The problem is how to live in this world, and not be one of it; how to participate in its labors and cares, and not contract its taint of moral wrong. . The problem can be solved only in the light of Christianity, which shows us how to live in, and yet above the world; how to be citizens of Heaven and yet sojourners on earth; how to retain a devout temper of mind amid the pressures of worldly duty and difficulties. The Christian restores harmony by bringing Heaven down to earth.— ZiorCs Herald. The truths that we least wish to hear... The truths that we least wish to hear are those which it is most to our advantage to know.—Rural New Yorker. An officer of the Brooklyn Police force... An officer of the Brooklyn Police was lately dismissed the force for lying. If judgment for lying begins at station houses in Brooklyn, when will it reach the pulpit? Holy liberty; but liberty in service... Holy liberty; but liberty in service, not from service. Not liberty to choose and refuse, but holy liberty in obedience. Messrs. Moody and Sankey are expected Messrs. Moody and Sankey are expected to labor in Albany during the fall and winter. Rev. Dr. Barbour of Yale College is not an admirer of the Sankey songs He thinks it is a prancing style of music, and says 'men and women go dancing, now, as it were, into the kingdom of Heaven.' Some men die not... Some men die not; the grave's abyss Is never deep enough to hide Their grandest acts, whose light shines on Like beacons on a mountain side. The deep pulsations of their lives Throb on, and on, through ages vast, As ceaseless as a river's flow, And Time and Death's eclipse outlast. Men must not be asked in the name... Men must not be asked in the name of so holy a sentiment as religion to give up reason, and good sense, and every feeling of justice, and to lie down and be spit upon and trampled in the dirt. They wo'nt do it, and I am glad of it. — Rev. Dr. Thomas. Give Him A Lift Give him a lift! do'nt kneel in prayer, Nor moralize with his despair; The man is down, and his great need Is ready help, not prayer nor creed. 'Tis time when the wounds are washed and healed, That the inward motives be revealed; But now, whate'er the spirit be, Mere words are but a mockery. One grain of aid just now is more To him than tomes of saintly lore : Pray, if you must, in your heart; But give him a lift, give him a start The world is full of good advice, Of prayer, and praise, and preaching nice ; But the generous souls who aid mankind Are scarce as gold, and hard to find. Give like a Christian—speak in deeds ; A noble life's the best of creeds ; And he shall wear a royal crown Who gives them a lift when they are down!