WORLDLY CONFORMITY. [The fqllowing contribution is timely, though we are unable to give the author's name. Plainness of dress, and modesty, and economy are really Christian distinctions. We do not, personally, believe in dressing so as to excite undue attention to our dress because of its uncouthness; nor to excite ridicule by its antique cut or color. If there is any religion in dress, language or behavior, it is in their simplicity, plainness and cleanliness: certainly there is none in their oddity. Have we looked at this subject with propriety? nn.] The Church will soon be under the necessity of returning to the old habits of plain dress, in order to distinguish her members from the people of the world. Some external badge will soon be required. The disposition, the natural expression of character, the general tone of the conduct, ought to plainly indicate the follower of Christ j and they always do when the Christly spirit has supremacy in the soul. But the absence of this inner-life force and the fruits of the Spirit in the character, puzzles tho most observant and calculating to know who is a Christian and who is not. Some Christians label themselves with verbal professions, and imagine that this boastful advertisement of their piety will be a sufficient guarantee to the world of their genuineness. But alas! the profession challenges inspection of conduct, and the heart and the tongue do not always agree. The deficiency in character is supposed to be supplemented by profession j but blossoms can never take the place of fruit to hungry men. 'What do you more than others?' was the test of a disciple by our Lord. Sinners can hate, publicans can love those who love them, men generally can do acts of kindness when they expect returns j but 'I say unto you, Love your enemies, do [load to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully usc you.' 'What do you more than others?' The world is ready to sec and must admire Christian acts. As soon would men curse flowers, as censure or condemn self-sacrificing and Christian deeds. They have a winning and commanding power, and claim the respect of even tho wicked, and the admiration of all. Character and conduct, thc fountain and streams of Christian lifc, arc the truo marks of a disciple. He needs no other badge, no external ensign, 110 advertising of his virtues-his spirit and the tone of his conduct are sufficiently convincing. But alas! where do we sec this difference in character and conduct? The professing Christian, in his love and eagerness for money-making, and the tenacity with which he holds earthly possessions, does not look like 'a pilgrim of earth' journeying to heaven. He carries the world on his back and the cross in his hand. Silly mortal! The burden impedes his progress, and then he must throw off the heavy load before he can enter the narrow way that leads to life. We see the same similarity between the church and the world in the character of their pleasures. The Christian is presumed to find his chief delights in Christian service, the worship of God, and helping his fellow-men into the pool of healing; but this' is not the case. Sabbath devotion is a duty, and worldly amusements a delight. The church is neglected for the pleasure of attending the opcra and theatre. Not to enter in a discussion of the sinfulness of such conduct, to say the least, this tendency of the lite shows whcre the heart is, and what kind of food best suits these world- 'ly church members, If a man's enjoyment and chief delight is not in Christian service, he does not love Christ supremely, If he is not living for heaven, and endeavoring to become more and more like his Master, he has not realized the resurrecting power of Christ in his soul. When a soul is converted, a new spirit is put within man, with new ufllnitics and tendencies, and he dies to sin find lives unto God. He renounces all criminal and forbidden pleasures. This world loses his heart, he lives for heaven, and knows no au- thority but that of Christ. Woddly conformity is like seeking like. Tendencies are signs of character. Tho true christian is not at home in this world. He is seeking conformity to Christ and meetness for heaven.