HOME TOPICS Parched Rice — We have used parched rice in hot weather to check bowel complaints, and find it very effectual. • Parch till well done, and then boil it in water for half an hour. Eat then slowly, and it will check the most violent diarrhoea. It is a good diet with boiled milk, in case of flux. Lady correspondent from Canterbury writes as follows... A lady correspondent from Canterbury writes as follows concerning churning in the winter-time : 'Scald the cream before churning, and there will be no difficulty in bringing the butter. It makes the butter sweeter, for it takes away the bitterness which is apt to pervade winter butter.'—The People. Cement for Petroleum Lamps. —A cement particularly adapted for attaching the brass works to petroleum lamps is made by boiling three parts resin with one part of caustic soda and five of water. The composition is then mixed with half its weight of plaster of Paris. It sets firmly in half to three quarters of an hour. It is said to be of great adhesive power, not permeable to petroleum, a low conductor of heat, and but superficially attacked by hot water. Zinc white, white lead, or precipitated chalk may be substituted for plaster, but hardens more slowly. To Get Rid of Foreign Bodies in the Throat. —A British naval surgeon, Dr. Beveridge, states that for foreign bodies in the throat, such as pieces of meat, etc, a simple mode of relief is to blow forcibly into the ear. This excites powerful reflex action, during which the foreign body is expelled from the trachea. The plan is so -easy of execution that, if there is anything in it, it ought to be generally known and applied. Apple Custard Pie—The nicest Pie ever Eaten —This recipe is hardly in season, but our readers can keep it for reference when needed. Peel sour apples and stew until soft and not much water left in them; then rub them through a cullender; beat three eggs for each pie to be baked, and put in at the rate of one cup of butter and one of sugar for three pies; season with nutmeg. One egg for each pie will do very well, but the amount of sugar must be governed somewhat by the acidity of the apples. Bake as pumpkin pies, which they resemble in appearance. Dried 'apples are very nice by making them a little more juicy. You can frost them, and return them to the oven for a few moments, which will improve their appearance. For Headache. —Put a handful of salt into a quart of water, add one ounce of spirits of hartshorn, and half an ounce of camphorated spirits of wine, Put them quickly into a bottle and cork tightly to prevent the escape of the spirit. Soak a piece of rag with the mixture and apply it to the head; wet the rag afresh as soon as it gets heated. To Fasten Labels to Tin. —Put a teaspoonful of brown sugar into a quart of paste, and it will fasten labels as securely to tin cans as to wood. Housekeepers may save themselves much annoyance in the loss of labels from their fruit cans when putting up their own fruit, by remembering this.