Editorial Notes We are using a number of The Bickford Knitting Machines; and they are very satisfactory indeed, Being among 'the wonders in this age' of machinery. Their utility and expedition in business should be expe. rienced by all, at so small cost. Material for Fences of wood variety is getting scarce. We must soon accept the alternative of no fences, or rely on the metal ones offered us by Washburn, Moen Co. We are at a loss to speak as yet, of the best Wateb Wheel ; but we are at no loss to say that the firms of Leffel &amp; Co. and N. F. Burnham, who enter into friendly competition in our columns, are both most honorable. We find Stinson and Co. very honorable in their dealing. Try them. We hope 'everybody and his neighbor' will send us six cents for a copy of 'Plain Talks;' or ten cents, for two copies post paid. It is a pretty book. Please procure it and present it to your friend. We are able to speak of the various agricultural implements of Wheeler &amp; Melick Co., and of Westinghouse manufacture. We have tested their Thresoers and Powers for years, and found them unexcelled. We would call especial attention to the new advertisement of K. F. Burnham. As enterprise is ever praiseworthy when applied as they apply it, let every one lend this firm a token of praise. If any can do better for the furnishing of Dry Goods, etc. than can be done at Wm. M. Whitney &amp; Co., we would be pleased to hear from such party. Take choice and choose soon from among the most beautiful musical instruments advertised in our col- umns. Quite a number of families are the happier to-day for taking our advice, and buying their Organs and Pianos of-------well 'read and you will know.' D. II. Fonda, the most enterprising of Druggists, etc. can be relied upon by parties, near by or distant, who are in want of anything in his line, wholesale and retail. Try him, prove him. Any parties who would learn how we make such good, 'gilt-edged' butter, must read an article entitled ' Oilt-Edged Butter Maker'.' Gillott's Pens are unequaled by any other steel pen; and we deem his No. 332 equal in every thing but wear, to the best gold pen. Get Gillott's Pens. We would call attention to a new paper called ' The Sword and Shield,' Dubuque, Iowa. Its purpose in life is to fight for the Lord and defend the faith deliv- ered to the saints. It is a beautiful and interesting monthly. We hope it will do as it says, and not step to pander to the unholy desires of the people. Too many are doing this and the world would be the better without them. We wish it success in every good endeavor.