THE SHAKER MANIFESTO, THE SUPERIOR CHRISTIAN INDEX Let all reforms mean an evolution unto progress. Some modern thinkers or tinkers propose reforms that shall transcend Christianity ; to which we make no objections whatever. But until Christianity shall have been attained, in all its radical bearings upon the character, there can be no such thing as a reform that shall be its superior. The index of Christ points unto perfection—is perfection so far as mortals can, or have yet been able to appreciate perfection. To every reform yet adduced from the minds of humanity, the MANIFESTO. THE SHAKKR JMLAJSnOTJCSTO. Christ Spirit still points to something higher. The beautiful rule, called golden, teaches us to love others as ourselves. It has been disputed, that this excellent axiom originated with Jesus. But who disputes that the more excellent rule of lovivg our neighbors better than ourselves, and at the expense of self, came to us directly from the life and testimony of Christianity's founder? The reforms of to-day have many beauties for us to admire, and are significant of an increase of thought and of conscience. But where is there a movement that can possibly mean more than genuine Christianity has proposed for the people? As a rule of State, it urged the most discreet principles and spirit of Mosaism. And there is no nationality now extant whose laws of state arc an improvement in the health, life and prosperity of its people, beyond what the spirit of Mosaism proposed. Upon Mosaism as a foundation, Jesus built a superstructure so grand and transcendent, that those who would be as perfect as its precepts propose, are made no more debtors to the law; having progressed beyond its restrictions into higher and better life. To the inequalities of human conditions—of the sexes, of the rich and poor, master and slave—what could comprehend more denial of self- ishness, and a more excellent lesson for the times than ''Ye arc all brethren?' Do we seek labor in the field of temperance? Christianity will supplant intemperance; while nothing can suppress it. Do we seek peace, in households or in nations? What has equaled the non-resistant principles of the Clirist to these ends ? Are we moved to reconcile capital and labor? 'Let no man seek his own, but every man another's wealth.' Do we seek superiority above the relations that are paradisiacal upon the earthly plane? ''Follow me'—in a denial of these, that 'thy kingdom come, thy Avill be done on earth'—now —'as it is in heaven.' Is there any doubt, in the minds of dullards even, in what consists the difference of earth life and heavenly life? And as the heavens are in the ascendant, so in like manner was the life of Jesus superior to the best regulated of earthly lives. Therefore, let those who will, 'marry and be given in marriage ;' in heaven, and heaven on earth this will not be. Let war and contentions and politics engage those who choose not to follow Christ. 'My servants will not fight, but return good for evil. My Kingdom is not of this world.' Let worldly emulation succeed ; and riches and monopolies severely grind the faces of the poor and thorn the' rich; under Christ, these things cannot obtain ; for 'all who believed (in Christ), were together, and had all things common; and sold their possessions and goods, avd parted them to all, as every one had nezd.' Accepting the good of all reforms, the index of Christianity points still higher than aught else yet made known to us.