THE EXERCISE OF AUTHORITY O. C. HAMPTON I have, latterly been making some critical researches into the origin and necessity of Authority. One reason for my entering upon this investigation is the fact that I am, and have been for many years occupying what are termed places of authority, burden, or care ; (which, as our Institution understands it, are convertible terms, at least to a consider- able extent.) 1 am therefore interested to inquire severely into my own stewardship. If I am amenable to God or any Intelligences above me for my conduct of this stewardship, then vastly more am I amenable to those below me; because it is upon this class and them only, that this stewardship takes effect. The very first principle of any value, connected with the subject of authority or government seems to me to be this : That any government to be beneficial to an enlightened community, must be so by virtue of its receiving the consent of the governed, and conversely; any individual or individuals refusing to yield this con- sent, are not legitimate members of such community, and ought to be separated from it without loss of time. Waiting for such undeveloped persons to become reconciled is merely waiting for the Institution to go to pieces ; a melancholy truth which all past experience and observation fully attest. It is waiting on a mortified limb, before excising it, un- til it has gathered destructive energy enough to kill the patient. But before going any further I will try to define my ideas of the necessity and origin of all government and authority with which man needs concern himself. I am persuaded that the origin and ne- cessity of all authority is to be found in the imperfections and rudimentalisms of our egotistic humanity. Its necessity grows out of the fact, that we are too selfish to respect the rights of our fellowdenizens ; and its origin grows out of its necessity. This appears to me the major premise, the minor premise and conclusion of the whole matter. We all admit without hesitation, that all men, women, children and even brutes have rights which we are bound to respect; but very many of us if not all, being too selfish to yield that practical respect to those rights which we ought, it seems necessary that some form of government should be established, by which unbearable outlaws, and 238 THIS SHAKER MANIFESTO. tramplers on the rights of others should be restrained to prevent the world from being actually depopulated. Consequently divers modes of governments have been resorted to, to compel outlaws and unreasonable persons from infringing the rights of their fellow beings; such as Monarchies, Empires, Autocracies, Aristocracies, Democracies, and Republics. It is especially worthy of observation, that just so fast as men become refined and civilized, two results have uniformly followed; (1.) Greater liberality in the form of government, and consequently greater individual freedom. (2.) The right of appeal from lower to higher tribunals of decision. There are good reasons for these results. It is patent to common sense that as men improve in the amenities of life, from motives of benevolence, conscience, and justice, they may, and ought to be left more and more to their own mental, moral, and spiritual manipulation. It is further to be supposed, that they will not only be more sensitive to unnecessary eneroachments upon their rights, but when deprived of these rights, will sec at once the dire and keen necessity, of an appeal from the oppressive surveillance and inexorable tyranny by which these rights have been trampled upon. From this natural course which the self-mending energies of man seem to have taken through all former ages, even to the present time ; by which man has been certainly improved and greatly progressed, it would seem that the vanguard of all the mighty hosts who have peopled the earth, arc, or ought to be, ready for that form of government mapped out by that greatest of all reformers, and esteemed both by professor and profane—the most highly progressed individual the world ever saw—-Jesus Christ—as follows : 'The King3 of thegentiles exercise Lordship over them, and they that exercise authority upon them are called benefactors. But yo shall not be so ; but he that is greatest among you, let him be as the younger, and he that is chief as he that doth serve.' It may be high time for me and every one who like me may be 'clothed with a little brief authority,' to think solemnly of these things ; for as the poet says— 'When later, there's less time to play the fool.' Union Village, 0.