EDITORIAL NOTES JUST FOR A CHANGE In view of the slanderous persecutions some of our cotemporaneous communists are receiving; and of the grand, good openings these are making both for religious inquiries and financial markets ; will not the N. Y. Times or some paper of equally large circulation abuse the Shakers a little or a great deal? We believe it would be good for a change ; as nearly all men arc •'speaking too well of us,' and we are feeling the 'woe' of stagnation. Please, knights of the press, be more impartial, and let us a have share of the apparently bitter dose. OBSCENITY Let obscenity in all its features bo abolished. Let the moral tone of Society everywhere be timed to a higher, holier key. But let not the campaign merely deal with obscenity in literature ; let it begin with the lives and secret acts of every one. The present excitement is very much of it bosh, being more in the interests of a false theology than elss. This same crusade, would, if successful, seal the lips from the de- SHAKER MANIFESTO. 247 348 THE SHAKBE MANIFESTO. livery of Shaker testimony, and imprison and fine us for preaching against the lusts of the flesh and world. THE WATKINS CONVENTION We were very kindly and respectfully treated at the Liberal League Convention. Our addresses were listened to with much interest, and very many questions were asked regardful of Shaker life and principles. But it wras very apparent, that the Materialists were determined that neither Shakers nor Spiritualists should predominate in influence there; and they therefore made efforts beyond the ordinary that Mate- rialism should not be compassed. We were very happy and satisfied, however, that the masses, by thousands, never accepted much of Materialism in preference to radical Christianity or pure Shakerism. As at Watkins, so will these latter find a preference whereever they may be diligently taught. 'plain talks.' Another edition of this little work has been necessitated ; and through the generosity of Elder H. L. Eades, who has thoroughly revised the same, it has become a stereotype work. If there is any better pamphlet to circulate, we hope it will take precedence of ours ; but if not, let this last, enlarged edition circulate as on angels' wings in abun- dance. 'the harbinger of light.' This Australian (Melbourne) monthly lately honored us by publishing, under the title of 'Shaker Christianity,' the entire article of our Bro. Wm. H. Bussell upon 'Christian Culture.' How silently the good work goes on ! and how very deeply the waters of hu- manity are stirred by Shaker testimony ! How fraught with hope for the better life of the world, as found by earnest seekers, far and near, in the simple pages of our manifesto ! And yet there are those, so in love with the root of evil, that they live in unrest, striving to make themselves and others believe that the shaker manifesto is a non-essential or superfluity. Soon, such will pass away ; and we make all such welcome to their rewards. And to those who are sensible of the grand work we are doing, we add to their present, sufficient reward of 'God bless,' our sincere gratitude. ELDER F. W. E. AT WATKINS, N. Y. We present Elder Evans' address at Watkins, N. Y. The Elder preferred that others should be presented ; but having a little advantage just now, we use it, and -present his. We may publish ours at another time, as it has been printed from direct reports elsewhere. We would say however, that Elder Frederick largely elaborated upon and extended the discourse as presented by us; but it is a valuable paper, and as such was duly appreciated by his hearers.