ANN LEE. Her work, her People, and their Critics. Seventh Paper. While Ann Lee and Companions were yet in Massachusetts, in Ashfield, a curious meeting was held. More than sixty sleighs, carrying more than six hundred people, met to hear their testimony. Undaunted by past abuses, they opened the batteries of their testimonies against fleshly lusts, which, as stated by an ear witness, 'sounded like the roaring of many waters, driven by mighty winds ; and so great were the operations of the spirit among the people, that itseemed as though heaven and hell had engaged their forces in contention for the mastery.' The noise of this revival meeting was heard for seven miles ! The meeting was a protracted one ; the people became hungry, and there was not food for so great a num- ber. But all were requested to be seated, and each one partook of what bread and cheese there were, until each declared having received a plenty. In these less credulous times, it will be difficult for many to see that herein was the miracle of the loaves and fishes reproduced; but those partaking thereof thought so. After this and similar meetings, the persecuting spirit of their enemies was aroused beyond anything in the past. They would take two or three of the brethren, tie them to trees, whip them until their backs were beaten to a jelly, then disperse to escape legal proceedings. About these times some of the sisterhood received cuts from whips and clubs, the scars from which they carried to their graves. A tree to which one of the believers was tied and whipped, was then green and flour, ishing; but it soon withered and died, and stood as a reminder of the incident a number of years. Another of the brethren was knocked down with the butt of a whipstock, and falling as if killed, again there was a fleeing from justice. After many powerful meetings and many scenes of horrible persecutions in eastern Mass, the believers journeyed towards the west, and reached Kichmond and Hancock. Under the inspiration of an elder of the Baptist church, (named Valentine Rathbun, who led several mobs, and during one riot nearly killed his son who stood in believers' defence,) there was much suffering. Besides being mobbed, the Shakers were arrested on warrants for disturbing the peace, and for blasphemy. At one of these trials the charge of blasphemy was quashed; but they were fined twenty dollars for disturbance, and ordered to leave the State. This latter they would not do. As a consequence some were sent to jail, refusing to give bonds. On the 23 of Aug. 1783 Mother Ann and her traveling companions arrived for the first time at New Lebanon, N. Y. stopping at John Bishop's. Here began a series of powerful meetings; and as the believers would go from house to house large crowds would follow, even for miles, singing, shouting and clapping their hands, so great was their joy ! Yet here, wicked mobs congregated to disturb their religious zeal. At one of these meetings, a company of Indians assembled. William Lee was moved upon by the spirit to speak to them in their tongue. The Indians understood and answered him; being struck with wonder at his power of speech. Many curious instances are told us, happening in those days, which require considerable credulity to accept; but that they were true, any amount of evidence could be obtained. As instances : John Bishop says : 'I took the horses of the believers, nearly forty of them and put them in my cow pasture; I thought my feed would soon be gone. The horses with my four cows remained in about ten acres for two days; yet it remained as fresh and green as if no hoof had been into it for a week! A number of pails of milk had been served to the multitude to drink; yet my family made more butter that week than any other during the season! These things, which in nature appeared impossible, I felt confident were effected by the same power as fed the multitudes with the five loaves and two fishes.' Nathan Farrington permitted meetings to be held in a meadow near his house. The neighbors called him a fool for permitting the Shakers to ruin his grass. Nathan says : 'In a short time the grass grew and flourished in the circle where the meetings were held, so that it was much more abundant there than in any other part of the field; the difference being easily observed as far as the meadow could be seen, to the great astonishment of all unbelieving neighbors.' At one of these Shaker meetings, there came a company of young men and women to ridicule the proceedings. When the Shakers began to dance they began to laugh loudly, and to ask: 'Do you dance to worship God?' 'Yea,' answered one of the brethren, 'and you may dance too.' At this, these carnally minded young people joined in. Soon, however they found they could not stop when they wished to. The head dresses of the young women flew off in every direction, while the young men were thoroughly mortified, and all were glad to get quietly away as 1100n as they could. Such scenes and circumstances were not uncommon; and happening amid great persecutions, encouraged the believers to feci that God was with them. Our next paper will begin with the narration of proceedings, happening upon ground where the Church building at Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. now stands.