TRUE FREEDOM ELDER G. B. AVERY 'If the truth shall make you free ye shall be free indeed.' The great boast of Americans is, that ours is a land of freedom, and independence, and every fourth of July there is an annual jubilee to celebrate the independence of our nation ! The questions are: Are we free? How are we free ? From whom and from what are we free? Are we free governmentally, politically ? What is it to be free from King George and King William or Queen Victoria, and slaves to a bribed Congress of politicians, whose opinional decisions are bought and sold in the political market like potatoes at a grocery ? whose moral character is traded off for the office of commissary to the 'Indian Bureau,' and who, in the ambitious wrestle for promotion, for the sake of mercenary gain would sell at auction, to the highest bidder, his political wardrobe and standard flag! What kind of national freedom is it when one half the population that is taxed is not represented, and woman, politically, is unknown, except, as property? Are we, as a nation, free, mentally, though the chamber maid is sent to dust down the parlor, and the library, in comes the post boy, and upon that center table of the parlor, or the library desk, we find the daily paper, loaded with all the filth of the slums of the town, and gulches of the country, reeking with the fumes of whiskey, or the decoctions of tobacco, spouted out from swearing lips at the grog shop, and the strong demoniac verbiage of the gambler's den ? Or, as food for the juvenile minds, '•'•Old Mother Goose's Stories' '•'•Jack the Giant Killer' 'Dime Novels' or 'Grundy's Gossip'? Is not the temple of the mind profaned with frivolities? with day dreams of pleasure, and fooleries of fashion ; or ravished with false views of life's experiences—lies, dressed as truths? The new, monthly novel, streaming with unreal life-portraits and pictures, in gor- geous, ideal colors, to dazzle and beguile, are found at almost every '•'¦News room' 'Book store' and often, on the same shelf with the sacred library ! Is the Church, denominated ' Christian' free? Behold its theology, ankleshackled, wrist-cuffed and mouth-gagged, with false philosophies of God, of Heaven, hell, of rewards and punishments ; of faith and works ; of life and death ; of damnation and justification ; of resurrection and eternal life ; of social and spiritual righteouness ; of justification and condemnation ! • Its theological teachers make a God of Jesus, of whom the prophet said: 'A Prophet shall the Lord YOUR God raise up unto you, of your brethren, like unto me,' (Moses.') Of whom the Jews said: 'Is not this the Carpenter's Son, and his Sisters, are they not all with us?' and of whom his disciples said, he was 'their Elder Brother,' '•'•The first born' (into the New Creation) 'among many brethren,' 'made a little lower than .the angels?' Yet, he was 'The Messiah,' 'The Mediator of the New Covenant,' The 'Lord and Master' of the Kingdom of Heaven and Earth (the new Earth) the King! These false teachers, (of bondage,) make Heaven the gifted boon of God's foreordination and election to a favored few, without regard to merit, and hell the MANIFESTO. 240 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 241 burning lake of God's wrath, awaiting the doom of all who disbelieve that their God, (Jesus,) suffered an ignominious death at the hands of wicked Jcavs,— wicked because they killed Jesus, but still, in doing so, fulfilled the predetermined purpose of his Father, God, to appease His wrath for the sins of mankind, so that certain men may sin at their pleasure, without condemnation or suffering ; and with the assured possession of heaven, if they only believe that Jesus, (their God,) died for them! Is that Church, misnamed 'Christian,' free, whose character is such, that, when one looks for its graces, its charities, its loves, its sympathies and affections, he feels, as did the two Marys and Salome, on looking into the empty sephulchre of Jesus? viz: 'They have taken away the Lord, and we know not where they have laid him !' For his spirit of inspirational baptism, his love, his consecration to God, his unselfish service, his purity of character, are not to be found in these churches ! Are we free ? Free from the conventionalisms of fashion, the prejudices of ambition and avarice ? from the vanities and inconsistencies, even the fooleries of worldly life ? Far from it. Why ? A character truly free from all the ligatures of fashion, pride, vanity, duplicity, deceit, subtlety and bigotry ; free from the false, complimentary usages of custom, to appear honestly and determinedly, true and just to all, with evil purpose to none, would walk the earth a prodigy, too pure to be a denizen here ! Are we free, when we quarter upon our so called Christian land of peace, troops of soldiers, to kill our enemies, (our fellow-men?) when our mechanics are inventing engines of death on week days, and, on Sundays listening to the chaplain of an army of soldiers, who melxs up church bells for cannon balls ? When we quarter upon our poor, starved souls, physical bodies, festering in filth, but clothed in silks, ribbons and broadcloths, and scented with musk and ilEau de Cologne' to neutralize the effluvia of dissipation and debauchery ? Is it freedom from duplicity to compliment our neighbors as Masters (Misters) and Mistresses, and sign ourselves their '•'•humble servants' when such complimenters would feel insulted to be asked by them to black one's boots,—much more, as did Jesus, their Lord, ('GW;') to wash the feet of their brethren ? That nation only is free, which dares to do right, to disband its armies, spike its guns, burn its magazines, turn its navies into merchantmen, and its hired soldiers into agriculturists, employed by government! Whose statesmen should not be purchased by bribery, and whose political partizans are brothers ; whose women have the right of franchise,—to representation as well as taxation. Whose judges are the ministers of justice, instead of injustice, whose lawyers plead for the authority of law in righteousness, instead of policy and how to evade law. Whose jurymen cannot be bought with bribes ; and whose taxpayers will not falsely enter their property for assessment. Whose police members are not accomplices in the nefarious plots they essay to bring to justice, and whose courts are places where justice, instead of injustice, is legally administered. That Church only is free, whose God is a living God, instead of a dead Jesus ! whose members are the council of the living, in spirit, instead of the dead, in thp: shaker iviA.isriirKSTO. creeds ; whose spiritual food is the fresh, ripe fruits of the tree of life, 'yieldin its fruit every month,' instead of the dried plums of lifeless creeds; whose ritualism is the baptism of the Holy Ghost; whose creed is the unlimited revelation of truth, and eternal progress in righteousness ; whose worship is the entire consecration of life to the service of God ; whose house of God is neat, substantial and plain, without a steeple to advertise its aristocracy ; whose cross is borne in the selfdenying life of its members, rather than on its steeple's crest; whose*' pulpit is the elevation of superior godliness of its preacher; whose organ is the chime of pure, worshipful souls attuned in harmony ; whose songs arc the outpourings of souls, filled with thankfulness to God for the power of salvation from sin, rather than the lip seiwice of souls trusting in the sufferings of Jesus, to save them from the consequences of continued sinning. That individual alone is free, who has the power of God sufficient to govern the animal passions, and all emotions of the mind and soul ; subjecting them to the law of God for the sphere, natural or spiritual, in Avhich the person is professing to live ; whose mind is at liberty to seek, accept and pursue the truth, in science, c.rt, morals, social conditions or religion, without regard to what the iiGrundys*' may say or what the populace may think; who has the moral courage to be consistent, without the fct tors of foolish fashion, the vanity of worldliness, or the pride of custom; whose spirit is not trammeled by the fetters cf transgression of the laws of God, to him manifest, because of the infidelity, wickedness or stupidity of his neighbora or fellows ; who dare to live godly in the midst of temptations, and bear the scoffs and scorns of a sinful world, rather than to endure the reproaches of a condemned conscience, and the sullied and besmeared garments of the sinful and vile ; whose tongue and lips may utter, without restraint, their gratitude and praise to God for the blessings of salvation from sin and sorrow, though surrounded by those whose lips are sealed with pride, and whose tongues are dumb for want of confidence before God, and before the souls of the good and true. As a nation, our Government, Councils, Courts, Judges, Lawyers, Jurors, Priests, Laymen,—our non-professors, our juveniles, all, all, and each, need to go with a resurrected John the Baptist, down into the Jordan—river of Judgment—and confess our sins, and bo baptized into the repentance of '¦¦Go and sin 710 more!' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.