EDITORIAL NOTES JUST FOR A CHANGE In view of the slanderous persecutions some of our cotemporaneous communists are receiving; and of the grand, good openings these are making both for religious inquiries and financial markets ; will not the N. Y. Times or some paper of equally large circulation abuse the Shakers a little or a great deal? We believe it would be good for a change ; as nearly all men arc •'speaking too well of us,' and we are feeling the 'woe' of stagnation. Please, knights of the press, be more impartial, and let us a have share of the apparently bitter dose. OBSCENITY Let obscenity in all its features bo abolished. Let the moral tone of Society everywhere be timed to a higher, holier key. But let not the campaign merely deal with obscenity in literature ; let it begin with the lives and secret acts of every one. The present excitement is very much of it bosh, being more in the interests of a false theology than elss. This same crusade, would, if successful, seal the lips from the de- SHAKER MANIFESTO. 247 348 THE SHAKBE MANIFESTO. livery of Shaker testimony, and imprison and fine us for preaching against the lusts of the flesh and world. THE WATKINS CONVENTION We were very kindly and respectfully treated at the Liberal League Convention. Our addresses were listened to with much interest, and very many questions were asked regardful of Shaker life and principles. But it wras very apparent, that the Materialists were determined that neither Shakers nor Spiritualists should predominate in influence there; and they therefore made efforts beyond the ordinary that Mate- rialism should not be compassed. We were very happy and satisfied, however, that the masses, by thousands, never accepted much of Materialism in preference to radical Christianity or pure Shakerism. As at Watkins, so will these latter find a preference whereever they may be diligently taught. 'plain talks.' Another edition of this little work has been necessitated ; and through the generosity of Elder H. L. Eades, who has thoroughly revised the same, it has become a stereotype work. If there is any better pamphlet to circulate, we hope it will take precedence of ours ; but if not, let this last, enlarged edition circulate as on angels' wings in abun- dance.