Selected Fault Finding In speaking of a person's faults Pray don't forget your own ; Remember, those with houses of glass ¦ Should never throw a stone. If we have nothing else to do, Then talk of those who sin, 'Tis better we commence at home, And from that point begin. We have no right to judge a man, Until he's fairly tried; Should we not like his company, We know the world is wide. Some may have faults, and who has not? The old as well as young, Perhaps we may, for all we know, Have fifty to their one. I'll tell you of a better plan, And find it works full well; To try your own defects to cure, Ere other's faults you tell. And though I sometimes hope to be No worse than some I know, My own short-comings bid me let The faults of others go. THE SHAKER Now let us all, when we begin, To slander friend or foe, Think of the harm one word may do, To those we little know. Remember curses chicken-like, Sometimes to roost, come home. Don't speak of other's faults until You have none of your own. How to Treat Scandal What 'they say' is beneath your ziotice. What's the use of lying awake of nights with the unkind remark of some false friend running through your brain like forked lightning? What's the.use of getting into a worry and fret ovdr gossip that has been set afloat to your' disadvantage by some meddlesome busy-body who has more time than character. These things cannot possibly injure you, unless, you take notice of them, and in combating them you give them character and standing. If what is said about you is true, set yourself right at once; if it is false, let it go for what it will until it dies of inherent weakness. The Better Way Not often that we need to repent of having said too little. Tears and bitterness of- ten because we said too much. Never regret our patience under insult and scorn, but sorrow oft because of our haste and resentment. No heart-breaking and pining because we treated our fellow-man with love and respect, but plenty of poverty within because of our rudeness. No mourning because we helped to care for the sick, and eased their dying moments, but abundance of anguish because we did too little. No 'leanness of soul' because we helped our poor brother, and sympathized with him in his troubles, but plenty of 'poverty of heart' because of our selfishness. On all sides, on every hand, regrets and sorrows strike us because we did not as the Master teaches. AVill we turn just where He turned, walk as He walked, be rich in love and good works, or will we go on in the ways of the world and suffer the torments of the damned? Small Means The power of money is, on the whole, overestimated. The greatest things which have been done for the world have not been accomplished by rich men, nor by subscription lists, but by men generally of small pecuniary means. The greatest thinkers, discoverers, inventors and artists have been men of moderate wealth, many of them little raised above the condition of manual laborers, in point of worldly circumstances. And it will always be so. Riches are oftener an impediment than a stimulus to action, and in ¦many cases they are quite as much a misfort{ une as a blessing. The youth who inherits wealth is apt to have life made too easy for him, and he soon grows sated with it, because he has nothing t left to desire. Having no special object to t struggle for, he finds time hang heavy on his 3 hands ; remains morally and mentally asleep j and his position in society is often no higher than that of a polypus over which the tide floats. Christian Consistency To hold high principles, and live on low ones, is Christian inconsistency. We are all more or less inconsistent. There is no man whose practice is not worse than his profes- sion, no one who does not live below his own standard. But absolute inconsistency is when a man's life, taken as a whole, is opposition to his acknowledged views and principles, if a man says that it is more blessed to give, than receive, and is forever receiving, scarcely ever giving, he is inconsistent. If he professes that to please God is the only thing worth living for, and his plans and aims and contrivances are most to please men, he is inconsistent.—The Guide.