SCIENTIFIC Tea as a Poison The Journal of Chemistry asserts tea is not the simple, harmless, beverage that is generally supposed; but that its effects, in their character, may rightly claim to be classed with those of tobacco and alcohol. The paper also adds : 'Many disorders of the nervous system are the direct result of excessive tea drinking.—Tea is a 'narcotic poison;' its essential principle, theine.. is allied in composition with such poison as strychnine and morphine. It first excites the nervous system and then exhausts it. Experiments show that both in man and other animals, it impairs power in the lower extremities; so that it affects the 'understanding' in a double sense—literally as well as figuratively. It is not the harmless exhilarant it is supposed to be but a powerful agent whose effects are often serious.' Disinfecting Foul Places The Boston Scientific News calls attention to the importance at this season of getting rid of all vile smells about dwellings, and make this practical suggestion: The article commonly used to disinfect foul places is chloride of lime, but in reality it is not of much value. It may, and generally does, remove bad smells, but the cause still remains, as the chloride simply destroys the gaseous emanations. The much advertised disinfectants are usually catchpenny nostrums and unworthy of notice. One of the very best known disinfectants is old-fashioned 'copperas,' or sulphate of iron, which can be had very cheap. A barrel of copperas would weigh probably 300 pounds, and can be purchased at wholesale price at a cent and a half per pound. And every family ought, especially in warm weather, to have a supply of it on hand. A couple of handfuls of copperas thrown into a bucket of water will soon dissolve, and it can then be used freely, and is a valuable disinfectant. The best plan is to fill a half barrel or keg with water, and suspend within it a moderate sized basket full of copperas. In this way it dissolves more rap idly than when thrown to the bottom of the wooden vessel, and thus a supply is always at hand ready for use.—Boston Courier. Every time a man rides on a street car... Every time a man rides on a street car he takes five bricks from the house he might have in the future. Every time his wife wants a real stylish new hat it takes 500 bricks and a good share of the foundation walls.—Detroit Free Press. A strong glue is produced... A strong glue is produced by adding powdered chalk to common glue. Josh Billings remarks... Josh Billings remarks : 'Sum people wo'nt beleeve enny thing they kant prove; the things I can't prove are the very things I be- leeve the most.' By an ingenious instrument... By an ingenious instrument the officers of the Royal Observatory at Greenwich, England, have been able to register the exact number of hours of sunshine during the last year. In the twelve months ending with the 10th of February the sun was above the horizon at London 4,454 hours, but the amount of sunshine during that time was only 1,286.1 hours.