GOD'S LOVE UNIVERSAL ELDRESS A. DOOLITTLE As the vast ocean is made up of drops of water, so are nations composed of individual beings. But we need to pass beyond the narrow channel of individualism, where hopes, affections and interests cluster around, and center in the selfish family circle, to be able to comprehend even in a limited degree, the ways and plans of the Infinite Designer and Producer of the Universal whole. Co-operative principles, Wisdom and Love, are eternal and unchangeable, one in attribute and perfection, creating, bringing forth, and harmonizing all. Peoples, kindreds and nations are tributaries conveying towards the source and center; but names, sects and parties, as such, are unknown to the Infinito Mind. The voice of parental love is heard, saying 'All souls are mine.' When we cast our eyes over the sea thusformed, so boundless to our finite perception, how atom-like we seem to ourselves, and iow exceedingly small must we appear in sight of the dual God whose love and care extends to all in every land and clime in our THE SHAKER MLAJSTIIHESTO. 23Q sphere, and in all worlds. May we not repeat the question again and again, 'What is man,' when individualized—'that Thou art mindful of him?'' Yet the whole is so perfectly organized and governed—so compact, like the veins and tissues of the human body, that the least displacement creates pain, and mars its perfection and beauty. God, inspects character, moral and spiritual conditions, and places the signet of approval or disapproval accordingly, upon persons, nations or races. The Arab who traverses the sandy deserts, the Indian who takes shelter in wild forests and hunting grounds, and the Ethiopian who thrives best in tropical regions, are objects of love and care of the All Father and loving Mother. God does not see with mortal vision; but with eyes that pierce every cloud and incrustation, and the same light illumes, the same love pervades, and all things are balanced duly; for He looks into the interior—the heart, and judges rightly; while finite beings look at, aad judge from exterior appearances, and decide imperfectly, if not unjustly. The great heart of humanity, in the hour of trial and need instinctively turns to the Universal Father and Mother for aid and relief; with outstretched arms, and uplifted voices, the soul utters in deep-toned and trustful accents, 'O help and save!' Do they, or can they turn a deaf ear when thus invoked? Nay, they do not f.&gt;rget their children, though they err, and wander in devious ways: but as a loving mother traces the course of her wayward child over rolling 6eas, and distant lands,.and with deep solicitude and a yearning heart strives to draw and call him or her home to the parental roof, there to find a father's protection and feel a mother's love; so Humanity—the offspring and product of the Eternal Parents are held and drawn by cords of love; though many times it be through adversity, and stern rebuke, as the only means of restoration. Limited and f.iint, at best, are our conceptions.of the great structure of worlds inhabited by countless beings; but circumscribed as is our vision, we trace the lines of perf jction and beauty in all ttie vorks of God; and we are often inspired to sing anew 'Great is the Lord, and greatly to be praised!' We perceive it was not in the divine economy instantly to evolve a perfected plant—a full grown tree, or completed manhood from the germs of such life; but to vivifiy, and give time for expansion and growth; and through culture to mature and perfect the whole, though ages may intervene, we sec no limit to creation; from the great womb of Nature, spring forth new worlds teeming with vegetable and animal life, moved by the same forces, and regulated by the same laws. Agencies are at work to develop and consummate the original plans of the great Master builder, in every department from the lowest strata to the acme. Few centuries have rolled by, since America, our own loved country was a vast wilderness ; now a large portion is under the hand of cultivation, and is a broad land of fruitful fields. From the Atlantic to the Pacific shores, the once traceless desert has been penetrated; and by supernatural agencies—combined with human skill and labor, hills have been leveled—valleys raised, and the iron horse now wends its way over the rocky mountains with such velocity, that scarcely the farewell echoes from friends on the Atlantic coast cease to vibrate, before welcome greetings from others on the Pacific shores, break upon the ear. Thus by successive degrees will the terminal point be reached, the keystone, in all created existences. The seasons may seem to linger, in a spiritual point of view, and to many who are weary of waiting and impatient of delay, may look at the present time, as a wintry season when the spiritual forces lie dormant; others feel that the powers of the inner worlds are all astir; that the hastening of the fulfillment of Prophetic periods are at hand and that the incoming flowing tides of spirit power, will issue from the fountain whence proceeds every good gift to humanity. And those who wait and watch, will realize promises fulfilled, and find God's ways justified; that even now the heavens are full of rejoicing, and the sound is heard by those who have listening cars, on themountains and in the valleys throughout Zion's domains. Aft. Lebanon, N. Y.