QUONDAM SAILOR CHAP.IX Leaving our kind native friends at Affraito, we went to Matear, our future home whilo staying at Eimeo. Being here a short time, our friend James Martin, with Yankee ingenuity, cut a lot of sapling Burow-a wood resembling our Bass. Stripping off the bark, and cutting them tho right length, placed them upright and close together on all sides of our house. This made us a house good enough for the climate, which is never cold ; but was needed as protection for our household goods, and clothing, from the ravages of the natives .and pigs. While my three companions were at work on the house, I went to the opposite side of the island to buy some shoes for the family of our employer; should' there he any in the English whale ship, that was anchored in the harbor. This harbor was nearly opposite to Matear, the place where we were then living. The traveling was pleasant, for the Broom road, is a path about three or four feet wide, built and supported by the government. Natives who in any way violated the laws, were punished by making a certain number of fathoms of this road. Deserters from ships were required to mate from twenty to fifty fathoms, whereby they gained a right to live in Queen Pomare's Dominion. My brother and I escaped this penalty, by coming to Her Gracious Majesty's Queendom, in a vessel belonging to the American Consul. The road leading to the harbor, was skirted much of the way with Guava* bushes, bearing plentifully. Limes were also in abundance, and with some sugar I could have prepared an excellent antiscorbutic drink. From the many brooks that crossed thi Broom road, there issued cool and refreshing water from the mountains. I reached Cook's bay at noon, and had the pleasure of seeing Chief Tirapar, with whom I was acquainted, having seen him at Parpatie. He was at Cook's bay with a party of native men and women, having a feast; they gave me food, which was very acceptable after my long walk. Tirapar very kindly sent one of his men to escort me through the woods, shortening the distance about one third. When I reached Parpatie, I met a middle aged native, who recognized me as one of the sailors, with whom he had fought on the mountain three years previous. To explain this I would say, that one of my shipmates, Francis Lyons, of Spencer, Mass, and my- self, deserted from the ship Phenix, which had anchored at the place two different times, during our voyage. After we left for the mountains, the ship went to sea. We came down and lived in Parpatie for a short time. When our vessel came back, taking us by suprise, we fled to the mountains, the natives following; and a pretty severe struggle succeeded in capturing us. We were marched to the beach where our boat was waiting to take us on board. The price at the Society islands, was eight dollars for every deserter captured. When the crew of the Phenix were paid off at New London, Conn, sixteen dollars were taken from our wages. This capturing of deserters, was the work of English missionaries. The laws that governed these people were framed by them. The native I met that afternoon, was pleased to see me, and talked of the fight as *The Guava is a fruit, somewhat resembling a pear in shape. The flesh is of a reddish color, and slightly acid. The bush or shrub grows from 4 to 15 feet in height. It is a native of Tropical America and was planted on the island, where it grows with wonderful luxuriance. though it had been something amusing; notwithstanding he was wounded quite seriously at the time. It was a convincing proof that they are an amiable, gentle race, quite equal to the description given by Captain Cook, on his first visit to these islands. The amount of money received by some of the natives, for the help rendered at the capture, was fifty cents: some had more. I think the party was thirty strong, and it took them several hours to get us. They would not have succeeded, had it not been for the tall grass which covered the ground. This, they set on fire, and we were forced by the flames, from our strong-hold on the top of the mountain. As we were unarmed, they overpowered us. We found two ships at anchor at Parpatie, one an English whaler; the other, the John Adams of Nantucket, which I had seen in my first voyage at this harbor. Her crew were mostly Portuguese from the Azores, and I received the impression, that there had been some wrong perpetrated with her officers. The captain and mate had been forced to leave the ship by a strange sickness, and the crew were suspicious of the Portuguese steward. Going aboard the English whaler, to see about the purchases, I found they had not the kind of goods my employer wished; so going ashore and walking a short distance, I came very unexpectedly upon the house of a Welsh carpenter, with whom I had formed an acquaintance during my short stay at Parpatie. He seem pleased to see me and told bis companion who I was, by describing in native style, our battle on the mountain. She gazed at him, as he described with gestures, the attack of the natives upon our little strong-hold, telling her of the flying stones, the sweeping flames, and picturing out n glowing colors the whole affair. He had also been a deserter and was persued in like manner, and overtaken by one native. He gave his coat as the price of his iberty. At first he was badly treated by the natives, but now seemed quite at home. fie had made several very fine boats, which lad outstripped others that were racing in ;he bay. MANIFESTO. 325S THE SHAKER 353 Leaving my friend the carpenter, I went to the house of a chief, to whom I presented a message from a woman who was chief in Affraito. He said it was from Queen Pomare to the chief of the Parmotu Natives. The Parmotuan seemed much disturbed, when informed that the Queen wanted him to take his people to the other side of the island at Affraito. Their canoes were curiously made, being constructed of pieces of the Bread-fruit tree, sewed together. In this way they make large canoes, in which they venture, out of sight of land. From the Parmotu group, to Tahiti, i^ a very long distance to go in such a rudely constructed vessel. I was very kindly entertained by the chief and his family. This I think was due to the message I had brought from the Chief's wife at Affraito. They had built a new house,— evidently trying to imitate the missionary buildings. The house was unfinished, rough boards being laid for a floor. In one corner was a rude attempt at a bedstead. To them it was a foreign luxury, kept more for show than use. They invited me to occupy it while the family made themselves comfortable on mats placed on the ground in their native hut, which they occupied in preference to their frame house. In the morning the chief women seemed very curious to know how I liked the bed— or rather bedstead—for there was nothing but mats spread upon boards, with curtains drawn around the rude affair; yet I slept well being young and hardy. The Mosquitoes did not trouble me. On my return to Matear, I went across the Island passing through the very gap in the mountains where Francis Lyons, my good shipmate, and I, had watched our ship getunder weigh and go to sea. We had been waiting ten days in these very mountains, with nothing to eat except a few cocoa-nuts and a kind of wild plaintain much sought after by the natives. We had ample time during our waiting for the departure of our ship, to examine this lofty gap in the mountains. There were two level spots of noigreat extent that appeared to have be'en built up or terraced at some remote time. The one on which our little shelter was built, was the lowest, the other was about ten or twelve feet higher, and was reached by broad steps cut into the rock. I have no means of knowing what use these terraces were, to the natives who had inhabited the interior of the island. That it had once been very populous I have no doubt, from the numerous slabs of stone placed in squares to form the outline of the walls of native houses. Within some of these en- closures I saw large cocoa-nut trees growing. On the highest part of the gap in the mountain over which my path lay wild sugarcane was growing, the stalk about one half inch in diameter. In the valley below where it was cultivated, it grew ten or twelve feet high, and two or more inches in diameter. (to be continued.)