WAS JESUS THE CHRIST? We have ever endeavored to be plain and single-minded upon this subject; and invariably have taught that it is not a question with us, but a veritable fact. It has been strongly hinted to us that we dealt thus with the subject from matters of policy; not so, but from faith, love and principle. Having thus, 246 THE very plainly reiterated what our 'little book'—'Plain Talks'—so reverently delights in repetition, we Avould just as plainly add: That as Jesus was the Christ, during the introductory days of Christianity, so others may have been and are the Christs of later periods and dispensations. That as 'Saviours shall come up on Zion,' and these Saviours are Christs, so will each cycle or dispensation of Ziou's progress have its Christ or Christs. As truly as was Jesus the Christ of his day, so was Ann Lee the Christ of hers; inasmuch as her life, testimony, profession and poiver of salvation were equal to her predecessor Christs. It is enough that the 'disciple be as her master and the servant, as her Lord.' That 'there will arise false Christs' has been abundantly fulfilled— those making the profession, but wanting the life and power of salvation. Mother Ann Lee satisfied her followers that she was a veritable Saviour— the Christ of the second dispensation of Christianity—for there accompanied her ministrations salvation from the sins of the world and the flesh. And till who believe in this ministration, sufficiently to find deliverance from worldly sins, arc enabled to save others', '¦'¦become sons and daughters of Ood'—Christs to the people—dispensers of the gospel, which is 'the power of God unto salvation.' As in Jesus' day, he gave others 'power to be sons of God'—Christs— illustrations of saved men and women of that dispensation ; so may we, by following his godly example be saved as he and his disciples were, and be Christs unto the people now. Christ means anointed—simply, truly this and nothing more. And because we know Jesus to have been the Christ, we would never intimate that he was other than an elder brother of other Christs, who win the distinction in being saved from sin, by following the life-practices of the elder Christ. Whoso will deny self, live purely, love humanity as fully, and exalt character unto godliness as did Jesus, is also the Christ of his or her day. *