SHAKER MANIFESTO, NO BACKWARD STEPS Just now, the spiritual barometer marks a low degree ; few applications of a desirable character are made for membership in any of our Societies. The aged among us are leaving for their homes in the better land, and our numbers are not large. Grand and noble principles remain with us, to be sustained by us in all their regal splendor and unequaled purity; to be transmitted by us, unchanged, unless magnified in excellence, to our successors, who will come, so soon as the world, outside of our body, shall be sufficiently baptized with genuine, Christly revivals, to produce those Worthy to be called 'Children of the Resurrection.' Successors, of noble forms of mind, of full and fuller consecration we will have. The earth is the Lord's ; and He has 'set up His kingdom that shall never be destroyed,' nor come to an end. Our system is the needed savor in the world ; the world 'looks to us for a testimony ;' and bad will it be for the world should it look therefor and find it not. While resting under the knowledge that it is not in our power to make con- verts to our faith—that unless 'the Lord keep the city, the watchman waketh in vain'—that except God converts the heart, all the conviction we bring to bear on the intellect is unprofitable ; nevertheless, under real or imaginary discouragements ; trials of our faith; loneliness, and feelings like those of God bereft, to take any backward steps is a progress unto death. MANIFESTO. 271 3 '-'3 THE SHAKKB Our founder, during similar feelings, would shun the surrounding, pitying elements, because they 'would pity as God did not!' and against these same ungodly and worldly sympathies, we must pre- sent an unmoved, unbroken front, that through these we may not become willing tools in worldly hands to substitute anything for Christ. About these times the weak-kneed will have misgivings of their power to stand ; and the half-way workers and inconfident will be giving testimonies of uncertain sound. Such will listen to the syren voice of the worldly tempter: 'Come down from those crosses, and all men will be Shakers !' Ostensibly, to build up the churches made less in numbers by those disloyal to Christ, some would come down a little ; and a little would mean a little more ; and more, leads inevitably to more and more, until worldliness, in all its corruption would reign supremely. Let no backward steps betaken ; nay, not even to fill every house, and dot every yard of our domains with uncertain, unconsccrated laborers—traitors to Christ and His Cause. The world 'look to us for a testimony;' need our influences born of long-continued and godly self-denials ; and if any in the world are saved from the world, flesh and devil, it will be by those same influ- ences, and not at all by our relinquishment of them—by our taking steps world-ward. Few we are ; fewer we may be ; but few or many, let our resolves be to present to the woi'ld living testimonies through our lives, that we have been with Christ and walk with Him daily. Paul pandered to the people in his day, hoping thereby to gain some to the church, but gained none to Christ by so doing. If we go half-way to meet the world, let us take our principles with us —put on the whole armor—and make no compromises with tempting, worldly overtures. If we fail to do so, there will beanother falling away of the church, and another era of dark ages inaugurated. Let us go forward, brim full of denials to worldliness and selfishness ; then God will be with us, and what need we care, who else may be against us ? *