MY VIEWS OF PRAYER ISABELL E. PATRICK Prayer is the application of want to him who only can relieve it. The answer to prayer is a confirmation to the mind of man, that there is a higher power which is able to devise ways and means, that are not of our own choosing ; but which ultimately bring us to a point, where we shall learn that man's ways are not as God's ways ; that God is all seeing and knows the vanity of those desires which incline the frail heart, to grope in sin, until seemingly there is no way for escape. But by serious meditation, and earnest prayer to God who alone is able MANIFESTO. THE 8HAKBE MANIFESTO. to bestow that convicting power, we are redeemed to a virtuous life. Prayer is the soul's sincere breathings to God, either with or without words. It is humiliating, but a soul refining gift. Without a realization of its effects, and the duty which it enjoins upon us, our souls would perish for the want of its support. Therefore, let us consider our dependent condition, and renew our energies to pray unceasingly, that we may be preserved from evil; never indulging in vain thoughts, and assuming to be what we are not. ¦Let us desire the substance obtained by prayer and supplication to Him who knows our needs, and will bestow that power which will save if we persevere in asking his favor to protect us to the end. Of this we have the assurance, if we continue faithful, and submissive, to the will of Grod, that we can stand justified and obtain the blessing which is promised to those who walk uprightly. Prayer is the medium through which we are enabled to find access to God. It fills the heart of the seeker after righteousness, with a satisfaction not to ~be expressed by words, and affords pleasures far superior to those of a worldly nature. It will assuage the deepest sorrow and awaken our sympathies for our fellow beings ; causing us to withdraw from those elements which lead the youthful mind to wander in by and forbidden paths. By this we can see what an effect prayer has wrought in our souls, if we falter not, in striving to subdue every self pleasing desire, and vain imagination of the heart; these are not subject to the law of God nor indeed can be. And if we would be advancing onward, we must be often exercised in earnest, heart-felt prayer to God, for deliverance from the bondage of sin and death. 3nfield, Gt.