The Twelve Christian Virtues. Faith, Hope, Virgin Purity, Honesty, Innocence, Simplicity, Meekness, Humility, Prudence, Patience, Thankfulness, Charity. DANIEL FRASER Faith, is a well defined conception of a plan, which, when reduced to practice, will be an embodiment of that conception. Hence, in receiving faith in our gospel, and working after the methods of the great patterns—Father Jesus, and Mother Ann ; we can have well grounded Hope, that the same results will be wrought in us, that was wrought in them. Jesus and Ann, had the same nature in themselves that we have ; experienced the same emotions, and were tempted by them, even as we in our day and time are tempted. In working according to their method, bearing a cross against all the lusts of the flesh and of the mind ; we will at- tain finally to a state of redemption and learn at once not only to keep the faith of Jesus, but also the commandments of God. Keeping the commandments of God written and unwritten, is the external evidence of keeping the faith now delivered tons. In fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, we have the world with its physical and moral diseases, abhor- lent in many of its aspects, and at times awfully cruel and destructive; which when rightly seen, may well constrain us to exclaim, increase our faith in Virgin Purity. For in bearing a cross against the emotions of our animal selfhoods, and animated with the creative energies of the New Creation, we hold a divine relation to each other, and have an angelic form of social life. Having Faith, and Hope in Purity, and appreciating the privilege of consecrating ourselves to divine uses instead of selfish pursuits, we add Honesty of thought and purpose, then we can easily grow in Innocence and Simplicity : and having a true sense of what we are by nature, we may well clothe our spirits with Humility. And when stirred up at any time, we will find Meekness and Patience powerful virtues. Having these in operation, we will be Prudent in the use of the things of this world, MAISTIFKSTO. 366 THE SHAKER and saving of the crumbs of all divine ministrations. Then from off the altar of our inner life, Thankfulness and Charity shall ascend, with the aspirations of those who are redeemed from among men, who keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus. Mi. Lebanon, N. Y.