THE SHAKER MANIFESTO AN OFFICIAL MONTHLY. G. A. LOMAS Editor. Shakers, N. Y. VOL. VIII.—NOVEMBER, 1878.—No. XI. MEETINGS ELDER G. B. AVERY This is a subject seldom treated, except in the way of reports ! It does not require comment to convince sensible people of the utility of meetings, even though they may, sometimes feel aversion to them. They are appreciated as necessary to tone the public mind, awaken it, energize it, harmonize it, and prepare it for all the important concerns of life. In the educational departments, meetings called schools are instituted for the purpose of an economical expenditure of time and talent in the administration of instruction, also to train the pupils to a unity of understanding of the same sciences and arts, so as to enable them to act in concert in the pursuit and application of knowledge to the varied duties of life. It is harmony in language and science that gives power to a nation. In the various pursuits of earth life, for like purposes, meetings are appro- priately instituted. Tillers of the soil have meetings to canvass the subjects concerning the best systems of culture for various crops; best plant foods; best kinds of grains, cereals and bulbs for profit and health ; best tools for tillage ; and lands best adapted to specific crops. Mechanics have meetings to discuss the utility of certain woods, metals, or chemicals in the arts ; their best modes of use ; the most simple, useful, or novel applications of the mechanical powers to overcome resistances, or remove obstacles to improvement, &amp;c. &amp;c. Artists have meetings to stimulate ambitions to excellence, to circulate information relative to the uses and applications of substances for the productions of handicraft, and beauty of forms and styles, cheapness of manufacture, ingenuity of structure to economize the use of material so as to combine utility, sim- plicity, cheapness and durability. Scientists have meetings to exchange *—' CD and reciprocate the knowledge obtained by experiments and philosophical research, and to encourage inquiry and investigation of the causes of manifest products, and the action of unknown laws. Statesmen have meetings to canvass the science of government, to report past experiences of the application of principles and their experimental results as precedents by which to anticipate future good or ill, by similar uses of principles of diplomacy, or of national, social, or personal pi-otection. !C4 THE SHAKER ZMLAJSTIITIGSTO. sparsely attended, if free for all! Why? because there is provided wherewith to satisfy physical hunger, and minister to appetite and gustations. To provide such a feast numerous have been the contributions from interested and sacrificing persons. It is both possible and practicable so to replenish our spiritual tables with food for the soul, that a lack of interest in religious meetings, or a neglect of attendance of them would be seldom known ! But, it is no more possible to supply spiritual food without effort directed to it, thai) it is material. It may be safely affirmed that no soul food was ever tasted which was not the fruit of spirit toil, on the part of some interested intelligen- ces in this or spirit life, who are benefactors of our race. This toil consisted in a discipline of soul that characterized the conduct and condition of both the physical and spiritual man, keeping the tongue with all diligence that naught hould be uttered offensive to souls hunering for righteousness, nought that vould mar a heavenly union and loving jeace ; such a government of the feellgs tliat no emotions of the soul should )e in exercise that would prompt offeucs. This spirit to.'l is a consecration of the powers, mental and spiritual to the labor of putting the soul in concert of lotive and action with the heavenly losts so as to draw power from the highr spheres. Is there a lack of love in our religious ssemblies? May be the causes are eglect or abuse of our brother or sister ; or it is worldly nature first to abuse person, and then to hate the same,— lis abuse, perchance, may be evil speakReligionists have meetings for th great purposes of Divine worship and devotion ; of commingling and uniting soul emotions : of considering the best means of administering needs, comforts and blessings to humanity ; of stimulating each other to needful and commendable exertion to the spiritual labor requisite to the attainment of the necessary inspirations contributing to soul life, in the individual and the church, to afford the opportunity for the reciprocal interchange of gifts graces and inspirations, accompanied by revivals of religious fervor, and resolutions for the mainte- nance of Christian principles, and for the exercise of brotherly and sisterly fellowship. A prominent use of religious meetings is to unite and combine strength in supplicating the powers above for the baptisms of those refreshing dews and showers of spirit life, love and charity which form the soul's home of contentment, and energize it for the continuous labors necessary for the cultivation of heavenly fruits, and the practice of the virtues of a godly life. Yet, notwithstanding this manifest need of meetings, it is not an uncommon experience among professors of religion, to weary of meetings for religious worship and culture ; and, were the multitude of this class of society to respond to the question : 'What is the cause of aversion or reluctance to the attendance of religious meetings ?' the answer would doubtless well up from every voice lA lack of soul life in the meeting!' An assembly at the dining hall, where the tables are laden with delicious savory viands and fruits, is a meeting; but, it is seldom that such meetings are wanting in interest, or that they are THE SHAKEE 365 ing, slander, backbiting, or, unkindness, uncliaritableness, unforgiving. Love lias not been sown, not been cultivated, of course cannot be harvested ! Do blessings cease to flow? then blessings have not been bestowed, for, blessed are those who can love and bless every effort that any soul makes to do good. O what good might be wrought if ail would remember the homely, though true maxim that 'curses like chickens, come home to roost.' But souls who so love humanity as to be willing to live and die for its good, as did Jesus, will know the truth of the Psalmist: 'He that goeth forth and weepeth, bearing precious seed, shall ¦doubtless return again with rejoicing bringing his sheaves with him.' As the physical body would perish without food, so must the soul die without its nourishment. And, meetings for religious purposes, if appropriately attended by devoted worshipers, and consecrated workers for human weal, furnish soul food. But, that religious society or family which neglects religions meetings, is sure to wane, and gradually perish ; it is a covenant with death ! Mt. Lebanon., N. Y.