THE PREMIUM ON VIRGINITY 'Marriage is a holy state, instituted by 'God, and in the order of providence and nature the general and most ordinary state of those who live in the world. Those, therefore, who upon motives of virtue, engage in this state, do well. Those nevertheless, who for the sake of practising more perfect virtue, by a divine call, prefer a state of perpetual virginity, embrace that which is more perfect and more excellent. Dr. Wells, a learned protestant, confesses that Christ declares voluntary chastity, for the kingdom of heaven's sake, to be an excellency, and an excellent state of mind. This is also the manifest inspired doctrine of St. Paul, and in the revelations of Saint John, spotless virgins are called in a particular manner, the companions of the Lamb, and are said to enjoy the singular privilege of following him wherever he goes. The tradition of the church has always been unanimous on this point; and among the Romans, Greeks, Syrians and barbarians, many holy virgins joyfully preferred torments and death to the violation of their integrity, which they bound themselves by vow to preserve without defilement, in mind or body. The fathers, from the very disciples of the apostles, are all profuse in extolling the excellency of holy virginity, as a special fruit of the incarnation of Christ, his divine institution, and a virtue which has peculiar charms in the eyes of God, who delights in chaste minds, and chooses to dwell singularly in them. They often repeat, that -purity raises men, even in this mortal life, to the dignity of angels; purifies the soul, fits it for a more perfect love of God, and a closer application to heavenly things, and disengages the mind and heart from worldly thoughts and affections. It produces in the soul the nearest resemblance to God. Chastity is threefold, that of virgins, that of widows, and that of married persons ; in each state it will receive its crown, as St. Ambrose observes, but in the first is most perfect, so that St. Austin calls its fruit a hundred fold, and that of marriage sixty fold; but the more excellent this virtue is, and the higher its glory and reward, the more heroic and the more difficult is its victory ; nor is it perfect unless it be embellished with all other virtues in an heroic degree, especially divine charity and the most profound hu- mility.' Butler's lives of the Saints. Vol. 1. Page 202.