For the Children QUONDAM SAILOR WILLIAM G. LIBBEY My feelings were changed, as I stood in this high gap looking down upon the pleasant val- leys that lie directly back of Parpatie. On my first visit, my good shipmate Francis Ly- on was with me, and we breathed the air of uncertainty concerning the kind of welcome awaiting us, when our ship should depart. Now I was quite at rest in mind about those natives whom I had found very kind; forgiving, if not forgetting the hard knocks they had received at our hands three years before. They really had no grudge against us. They wanted the sixteen dollars for our seizure ; having obtained this they were satisfied. Here was the very place where Francis and I had remained six days waiting for the de- parture of our ship. Near by, on the steep mountain side, was a barren cocoa-nut tree which I had climbed the first day we came. It was noon, and very hot, we were suffering from thirst. No one who has not seen a tall cocoa-nut tree on a steep height, can form a just idea of the nerve and agility it costs to reach the top. Yet hunger and thirst helps ¦wonderfully sometimes, and did in this case. I had thrown down several nuts when I heard Francis in a very subdued voice say : 'Come down, the nuts are all blighted.' There was no nutrition in them, nothing but a dry shell! I have often thought of that- barren tree, in comparison with the fig tree of old,—we were so nearly famished. But we soon found a tree much easier to climb, and bearing good nuts. After having satisfied our thirst with the water of the cocoa-nuts, we found some fugees, which was a real treat. ^ This fruit is a species of the Plantain, shaped like the banana, more nutritious, but not as pleasant MANIFESTO. THE SHAKER iMAJSTXEPJECST'O. 279 to the taste. It is a staple food with the natives, growing wild through all the highlands of these islands When we finished our repast, it was quite dark; having no time to build a shelter we ¦crawled under a very thick bush, making our beds of tall grass that grew on this terrace in great abundance. Some time past midnight, we were aroused by a terrific thunder showier that seemed to break directly over us. The rain poured in torrents, but there was too much of the sailor in us to wince at any amount of rain drops ; so as we sat crouched under that bush waiting for daylight, a sense of our ridiculous appearance came over us, and we laughed heartily. The morning was bright and clear. The tropical sun came out with just enoilgh warmth to be delightfully pleasant. We built us a nice shelter hut of palm-leaves, and here we remained during the week, watching for the departure of our old ship Phenix. We had never been down on what was called the back side of Eimeo, from the mountains to the sea-shore; yet we found the way without any difficulty although mostof the way lay through a heavy growth of tropical forest trees. We passed many scattering orange tree* growing wild. The fruit was delicious. It is said that these islands produce the finest in the world. We reached Matear late in the afternoon— too late to go to Affraito. As Edward was going there in the morning I gave him the money entrusted with me for the purchase of the shoes. Our worthy countryman, James Martin, previous to our coming to Eimeo had cleared up about an acre and a half of ground and planted two sweet potatoes. These were now our staple article of food, yet, we generally managed to provide meat or fish at our two daily meals. Our company now commenced clearing a piece of new land which contained about two acres. It was covered with guava bushes, burow trees, and many other varieties of tropical vegetation peculiar to these islands. All this tangled mass was to be cleared off by hand labor, as we had no team of any kind to assist us. However we worked away cheerfully with such tools as we could procure at AfFraito. These were awkward enough. The axes were long-bitted, strange, unwielding things in our hands, who had been accustomed to use the improved American ax. The mattocks were heavy enough for the strength of a plantation negro ;—yet we soon cleared and dug up a large piece of this black earth which was very good soil for sweet potatoes. Our labor yielded us a fine crop. There is so little variation in the seasons here, that vegetables can be grown any month in the year. Hearing that there were whale ships in the harbor of Parpatie, we loaded the schooner boat with sweet potatoes, and started inside the reef for the bay, where we expected to find a market for them. We had a tall, good tempered native for a pilot, whose son, a fine lad of seven or eight years, sat on the forecastle of the boat keeping a bright look out for the small coral reefs, through which we passed in safety. As we were unable to reach Parpatie the first day, we camped late in the afternoon on a nice sand beach, near a native house. Having made a tent of our boat sails, the pilot in the meantime cooked our supper of sweet potatoes. After a comfortable night's rest, we arose early and continued our voyage. We soon reached a small island, covered with a kind of tree called by the natives Hoe. The leaves resemble our pine very much. The ground was-covered with them, reminding us of a pine forest in our Northern home. It was a very nice place to camp. There were no insect pests to torment us. Our pilot soon made an oven and filled it with sweet potatoes. These with meat and fish brought on shore formed a very refreshing repast. On our return to Matear, we went by way of the Itoe island, crossing the mouth of Cook's bay. This bay was named for Capt. Cook no doubt, for his ships anchored in the same harbor where we sold our boat load of sweet potatoes. On the west side of this harbor is located the 'Simpson mission.' Near this place, lived an aged native who had some very nice Pampam trees growing around his little hut, the fruit of which was excellent and had often supplied the wants of mvself and shinmates of t\:.eld Phcuii:. S8O THE SHAKBE MANIFESTO. This aged man, whose name was Bobo, stated that when Captain Cook's ships anchored in Parpatie, he went alongside of one, in his canoe, and thumped on it with his paddle, to see if it was hollow. He could not understand how such great vessels or canoes, as he thought them to be could be built. After crossing Cook's bay, we kept inside the reef until we reached Affraito, the home of our good triend Sanders. Having housed the boat, covering it with leaves of the cocoa palm, we went home to Matear, a distance of about two miles. Here we continued to work hard clearing land for a new potato piece. Our food was bread fruit, sweet potatoes, and fars, the latter, a vegetable shaped like a sugar beet, grown by the natives, in beds of mud, kept wet by irrigation from a brook that ran past our house. The natives gave more attention to raising this root, than to any other branch of farming, or in fact, to any other kind of work. Nature having dealt . so kindly with them, that their simple wants were nearly all supplied from her bountiful lap. We had fish every meal, and for drink, cold water from the brook above mentioned, this we procured ia a piece of bamboo, eight or ten feet long, precisely like a cane pole, such as we use for fishing rods, only larger in diameter. By balancing our bamboo on the fence, and tipping it very gently with the mouth, we could drink; but the skill required to do this successfully could very properly be classed with the exact sciences. For if we tipped the bamboo a trifle too much, the water would come with a rush wetting us from head to foot. But we soon learned how to manage, and we had many a good drink from our long bamboo bucket. Our good friends had an old flintlock musket, with which I managed to shoot several goat and wild cattle which abounded on these mountains. I made a nice hammock of the skin of one animal and suspended it in our house making a comfortable sleeping place, compared Avith our lodgings on the ground which swarmed with insects. The very dirt seemed alive with fleas, and the musquitoes were so troublesome that sometimes we were forced to go to the beach and make our beds on the sand, as salt water is death to fleas, while the fresh trade winds would blow the musquitoes back to the woods. My ram-hide hammock is noticed in a book written by Hermann Melville who was at Tahiti when we were at Eimeo. From his account of meeting us, I will quote the following : 'I met two Yankee lads, twins, who had left their ship on Fanning's island, and after wandering about among the islands, hailed last from Eimeo, where they had been engaged farming.' (to be continued.)