Selected Good news for Vegetarians Jews have refrained from the eating of oysters because a verse of scripture forbids the eating of creatures living in the water that 'have not fins or scales ;' but an English rabbi has released his 'flock' from this aggravating deprivation by declaring the oyster to be a plant. Daily Striving Wait not for some great cross to show How much with patience thou canst bear; Try now thy strength in bending low To take the cross of daily care ; It may seem poor and small instead, But it may yet more needful be To train thee, first of all, to tread The path of true humility. Sunday at Home. Tell what you know&gt; The world craves positive teachings, and not the dreariness of negations. Goethe ex- pressed this idea when he said : 'I will listen to any one's convictions ; but pray keep your doubts to yourself. I have plenty of mine own.' Direct teachings are like centres of force and influence, but negations are like leaden weights, burdening the traveler, and drowning the swimmer. Unreason and Reason Thomas Paine This is the lesson that's taught us By those who the pulpits do fillThat for every wrong that's done by us Kind Jesus will settle the bill! But reason refuses the credit, And holds us, our contracts to fill— And I think, at the Day of the Judgment I'll find I must pay my own bill! Common Sense Beecherisms There is an'ugly kind of forgiveness in this world,—a kind of hedgehog forgiveness, shot out like quills. Men take one who has offended and set him down before the blowpipe of their indignation and scorch him, anc burn his fault with him: and, when they have kneaded him sufficiently with their fiery fists, then—they forgive him. There are many persons who think they are Christians because they have had experience ; but they do not feel it to be their Christian duty to use their tongues according to the laws of kindness. Nor do they think, in the confession of their sins, to confess that day in and day out, they are making somebody unhappy by the manner in which they use that member.