VOICE OF PEACE The Louse indians offered to sell the Black Hills to the government for... The Louse Indians offered to sell the Black Hills to the government for 50, 000 Dollars. It was refused, and a war ensued which cost 2,000,000 Dollars. Official Report, A. Love The old time idea has been that there could be but one head in a family... The old time idea has been that there could be but one 'head in a family, and that the husband, whether right or wrong must rule. The women could only gain their ends by tact and deceit. They trained children to deceive their fathers, and this is why so many practiced embezzlement. Amanda Deyo STANDING ARMY Out of the 19,000 that compose the United States Army, 2,286 are Officers, eight Men to each Officer. The amount paid to Officers, is more than the combined pay of the enlisted men. Voice of Peace. Most of our Indian wars have had their origin in broken promises upon our part. Their advances in civilization have been slow because the treatment they received did not permit it to be faster. We cannot expect them to fol- low our guidance unless we keep faith with them and respect their rights. President Hayes' Message It is becoming the public opinion of the civilized world that nations... It is becoming the public opinion of the civilized world that Nations cannot afford to submit their differences to the costly arbitrament of the sword, that nothing is gained by a war of classes to compensate the loss caused by the disturbance of all industrial relations and free institutions. It is a shame to humanity to require men under certain 27O circumstances to fire their own houses, shoot their own father or brother, to meet those whom they have never known or wronged to fight out the quarrels which others have made. (Penn.) Governor Hartranft's Message England has been at war with France 226 years out of 670... England has been at war with France 226 years out of 670. The declaration of war passes sentence of death on thousands of our innocent fellow creatures. If the legislators who provoke the battle were sent to fight there would be more peace. The battle field is a theater of immense cost for the commission of crime on a grand scale. A concen- tration of all human crimes. It turns man into a beast Channing A fixed idea is like a fixed star which shines brightest in... A fixed idea is like a fixed star which shines brightest in the darkest night. The fixed idea of mine I want to say to you is peace from my youth up, the grandest dream of my life has been, no more war, all people, everywhere, occupied in useful labor, in benevolence, in progress, and enjoying prosperity. Victor Hugo in Paris