CORRESPONDENCE Most kind and affectionate Bro. Albert. I wish with you to ever keep the gospel... Aver, Mass. Oct. 4, 1878 Most kind and affectionate Bro. Albert. I wish with you to ever keep the gospel principles alive and growing. How can we hope to reap an easy harvest on the fields where our ancestors felled the forests and drove the wild beasts away? Shall we not grow good, and spend our strength in diffusing good under friendly and favorable condition*? Or is the lash of persecution necessary to stimulate zeal and heroism? If permit- ted, we might diffuse and influence, for good in the open fields near at hand. Clean, white napkins are in order at a refreshment; but not in order to lay away our food in, that we should eat, or give to the needy. Be assured that Eld. Frederick and yourself, and all who attended the Liberal League Convention were inspired by those bold thinkers who have advanced the world. 'The demons of our lives become the saints* that we adore.' Thanking you for your kindness, pleases ever think of me as one with you in faith. and good, works. Yours, Elijah Myrick SHAKERS vs. GIRLINGITES To the Editor of the Albany Morning Express : Having noticed an article in your paper on 'Shakers in England,' and seeing that, apparently, the Express is misinformed con- cerning the subject, for the correct information of your readers we would here state that the Girlingites of England have never had any relation to, or connection with the Shakers. As a class of professed Christians, they are entirely distinct, as is many of their principles; and, if we are rightly informed concerning them, their social and sexual relations are the extreme opposite to Shaker principles and practical life. There have never been any 'Shakers' in England, other than as visitors, since the demise of the remnant of the little band which Ann Lee left in England when she embarked for America in 1774, and their exit occurred but few years subsequent to that emigration of Ann Lee and the few who accompanied her to this land. Our English, as well as our American public should know that 'Shakers,' wherever located, are distinguished from all other religious sects, in the fact of the sexes living together in the same dwelling, but in separate rooms, dining in the same hall, at the same time, but at separate tables ; meeting for worship in the same temple and at the same time, uniting in the same worshipful exercises in prayer, praise, song, march and dance, but each sex maintaining a separate collection and association together, not intermingling at all. Thus, in all the relations of life maintaining the strictest virgin purity. If rightfully informed, this is not the practice of the Girlingites of England; but we would not, by any means, decry the Girlingites unjustly; we simply wish 'Shakers' to be known as being strict followers of Jesus Christ, whose mission on earth was to intro- duce upon it the kingdom of Heaven, wherein all the relations of the sexes are pure and virginal. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Giles B. Avery Some one seeing two or three eminent lawyers gathered together... Some one seeing two or three eminent lawyers gathered together on the side of the new law courts said that they had met to view the ground where they must shortly lie. THE DECAY OF SHAKERISM: A Letter From Elder Lomas To the Editors of the Albany Morning Express: Your able and sympathetic editorial of the 10th inst. upon 'The Decay of Shakerism and Quakerism,' and your equally well intended but incongruous remarks upon the failure of Shakerism in England, seem to call for a response. Very many in this intelligent age make but little, if any, distinction between Shakers and Quakers, while there is just as wide a difference as between the best of Jews in olden time and primitive Christians. Quakers are modern Jews, while Shakers are a new, and we think improved edition of primitive Christianity, being an organized church. Quakers have been very careful in all times past, until within a few years, to keep their young people from much 'worldly' contact, especially in their marriages—rkeeping these so closely under restraint that no marriages could take place between the members of their church and others ; and so long as they succeeded they were able to regulate their passions to the furtherance of su- perior reproductions ; their decline is the more apparent, having had the power to succeed in their own hands. Having lost it, they must of necessity decrease. Quakerism's decay comes from inferior reproductions, caused by its children conforming to the passions and fashions of those much more worldly. Its sticcess is dependent on numbers. Not so with Shakerism. But has Shakerism declined ? We think not. Neither does its success or failure depend on numerical calculations. Depending solely on the waves of spiritual reforms among the people, to wash to its shores, those who MANIFESTO. THE SHAKER 275 would be resurrected from the world, the flesh and the devil, by gladly relinquishing them, the Shakers, numerically, rise and fall according to the spiritual barometer outside of their body. The power for numerical success is not in their hands. Hence, we are fewer or more numerous, several times, both ways in a single decade of years. We are few now ; we have been fewer, and yet several times more numerous. Perhaps this will be the case for all time to come. We do not know why it should not be so. At least six times within one hundred years has the rumor been very prevalent that uthe Shakers are running out.' We realize that Shaker influence has been and is felt in the world among the people. In all genuine and superior reforms ; emancipation from bondage ; in church reforms and liberality ; in women's rights movements and co-operative societies, and in the maintenance of sep* aration of Church and State. Shaker testimony has acted like salt among the morals of the people—these have been preserved and improved—the world is better for Shakerism. Besides there are thousands who claim that they 'are more than half Shakers,' who, Nicodemus-like, come to us through correspondence and privately ; count these, in increasing numbers and give Shakerism credit therefor. We are not on the decline, friend editors, unless forsaking our principles— and for aught that we know these are yet taught and practiced intact—and •when you are tempted to deplore such an event as possible, please take hold of another horn of the dilemma, and sorrow that more of you worldly people are not yet ready for Shakerism. We are following you up, and will continue to do so until we get you into the other world, when and where you all expect to be Shakers, or like them. Concerning your editorial of the 12th, it is an entire mistake to suppose that the Girling woman has anything in common with the Shakers of America. Her principles are not the same, nor has there been anything but a slight similarity in the worship of her followers. Elder Evans' visit to England, some years ago, was in every way a success ;, planting seed that is now bearing valuable fruit, in many who would form, very probably, into successful communities, and who stand waiting and washing for delegations from here to go there to start them, which may soon become a necessity. Yours, Shakers, Albany Co., Sept. 20, 1878. G. A. Lomas