Selected Good news for Vegetarians Jews have refrained from the eating of oysters because a verse of scripture forbids the eating of creatures living in the water that 'have not fins or scales ;' but an English rabbi has released his 'flock' from this aggravating deprivation by declaring the oyster to be a plant. Daily Striving Wait not for some great cross to show How much with patience thou canst bear; Try now thy strength in bending low To take the cross of daily care ; It may seem poor and small instead, But it may yet more needful be To train thee, first of all, to tread The path of true humility. Sunday at Home. Tell what you know&gt; The world craves positive teachings, and not the dreariness of negations. Goethe ex- pressed this idea when he said : 'I will listen to any one's convictions ; but pray keep your doubts to yourself. I have plenty of mine own.' Direct teachings are like centres of force and influence, but negations are like leaden weights, burdening the traveler, and drowning the swimmer. Unreason and Reason Thomas Paine This is the lesson that's taught us By those who the pulpits do fillThat for every wrong that's done by us Kind Jesus will settle the bill! But reason refuses the credit, And holds us, our contracts to fill— And I think, at the Day of the Judgment I'll find I must pay my own bill! Common Sense Beecherisms There is an'ugly kind of forgiveness in this world,—a kind of hedgehog forgiveness, shot out like quills. Men take one who has offended and set him down before the blowpipe of their indignation and scorch him, anc burn his fault with him: and, when they have kneaded him sufficiently with their fiery fists, then—they forgive him. There are many persons who think they are Christians because they have had experience ; but they do not feel it to be their Christian duty to use their tongues according to the laws of kindness. Nor do they think, in the confession of their sins, to confess that day in and day out, they are making somebody unhappy by the manner in which they use that member. WHY NOT F0RGIVE HIM? Why not forgive your brother, If he comes to you in sorrow? Why not your anger smother Ere the dawning of to-morrow? You say he has reviled you Your dearest friends among; But has error ne'er beguiled you? Have you ne'er committed wrong? Why not forgive him? He is penitent and humble, He is weak and in your power— Who is not apt to stumble When passion rules the hour? He wronged you in his blindness ; Now act the Christian's part, And pour the balm of kindness On his sad, repentant heart. Why not fotgiva him? Can you look for sweet contentment, Or can love your bosom fill, While you cherish fierce resentment For the one who treats you ill? No ! spite of proud position, Of place, or power, or pelf, Unblest is your condition Till you triumph o'er yourself. Why not forgive him? With his grief his heart is riven, And can you with reason pray That your sins may be forgiven When from him you turn away? Vaunt not your pure condition, Nor back forgiveness keep— Think of Heaven's admonition, As ye sow so shall ye reap.' Why not forgive him? CAN YOU READ? A student at the theological seminary at Andover, who had an excellent opinion of his own talent, on one occasion asked the professor who taught elocution; 'What do I specially need to learn in this department?' 'You ought just to learn to read,' said the professor. 'Oh, I can read now,' replied the student. The professor handed the young man a testament, and pointing to Luke 24:24, he asked him to read that. The student read : 'Then he said unto them, 0 fools and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken.' 'Ah,' said the professor, 'they were fools for believing the prophets, were they?' Of course that was not right, and so the young man tried again. '0 fools, and slow of heart to believe all ;hat the prophets have spoken.' 'The prophets, then, were sometimes iars?' asked the professor. 'No. 0 fools, and slow of heart to beieve all that the prophets have spoken.' 'According to this reading,' the professor iuggested, 'the prophets were notorious iars.' This was not a, satisfactory conclusion, and : another trial was made. '0 fools, and MANIFESTO. THE SHAKER slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken.' 'I see, now,' said the professor, 'the prophets wrote the truth, but they spoke falsehoods.' This last criticism discouraged the student, and he acknowledged that he did not know how to read.' Lifeless Preaching The following is from the N. Y. Herald: A preacher who has often suspected himself of being one of the prosy ones desires to thank the Herald for its late protest against long and lifeless sermons. Such efforts are as tiresome to the preacher as they are to the people; but custom being what it is, it is very probable that if any minister were to change his pulpit manner, and say in plain, unadorned style whatever might seem to him appropriate to the needs of his congregation some worthy parishioners would find fault •with him for not doing as his predecessors have done from time immemorial. Public opinion alone can change the prevalent pulpit manner for one that has more life and Usefulness, and as public opinion cannot in any other way be so easily influenced as through the press, let the Herald and other papers agitate the subject until sermons become as pointed as editorials.