BOOK TABLE The Types of Christ . THE S85 form, beautifully covered, and is being sent from this office, post paid, for seven cents. The Central Bishopric of our Church give this little work the most encouraging approval, and wish that the limited number of copies may have the widest circulation. We should be glad to receive orders for the same; and hope wherever the pamphlet goes, great good will accrue. Brethren, Friends, Inquirers, shall we hear from you? Treatise on the horse and his diseases R. J. Kendall, M. D This is a .small, but comprehensive work upon what its title appertains. It is full of information, giving numerous illustrations of the horse's appearance in various kinds of sickness, lameness ; and showing by the teeth, an infallible rule in finding the age of the animal; also giving twenty pages of valuable receipts for cures, 'and a complete glossary describing the medicines recommended. We have the opinion of Chauncy Copley, our best authority on the horse, that 'the book is a valuable one, well worth the money.' Its price ^s within the reach of the poorest farmer, and is worth the consideration and reference of those in better circumstances. Copies will be sent, in paper, for Twenty Five Cents ; in cloth for Fifty Cents, by addressing The Shaker Manifesto, Shakers, N. Y. Wateseka wonder E. W. Stevens A startling, instructive, psychological study, and well authenticated instance of spiritualistic visitation ; being a narrative of the leading phenomena occurring in the case of Mary Lurancy Vennum, , price 15 cents, published by the Keligio-Philosophical Publishing House, Chicago, 111. Ethics of spiritualism Andrew Jackson Davis Religio-Philosophical Publishing House, Chicago, 111. ' have just read your announcement concerning the series of articles you will soon begin to publish from the ever-active and thoroughly honest pen of Brother Hudson Tuttle. He is a farmer, and knows how to plow and sow and reap; a grape-grower, and can discriminate between good and bad fruit. He writes from the fullness of the sj.irit, and therefore he constantly rises above the clouds of materialism. He is no sophist, no hairsplitting apologist for the loose practices of mankind, and so you may look for the highst and most philosophical statement of the morality from his faithful pen ; and the comfort is great when one reflects and knows to a certainty that Hudson Tuttle is no hypocrite, and hence is always personally as good as his written word.'Price in Cloth 60 cts. paper, 40 cts The gospel of common sense: or Jesus as a liberal.' The above is the title of our address delivered at the Watkins' Convention; and was published in the Religo-Philosophical Journal, Chicago, 111. for Oct. 12. Those desirous of reading it will do well if they can secure a copy of that paper, price eight cents. It is 'plain, radical, and should be read by everybody;' so says our companion there—Elder F. W. Evans. It will not appear in The Manifesto—it is too lengthy.