ANN LEE: Her work, her People, and their Critics, Eighth Paper Where the Shaker Church at Mt. Lebanon now stands, there was once a building of comfortable proportions possessed by George Darrow. To this house Mother Ann went for the purpose of having a Shaker meeting on the morrow. Scarcely had the day dawned, when a mob began to collect, surrounding the house, and commenced a terrible scene of persecution. The mob consisted of two companies, having each a captain. Their first acts were to seize George Darrow and David Meacham and hustled them off to a Squire Grant, under the false charge that they had committed some grave offense. Then, the balance of the mob, forced their way into the three doors of the house, and as the Chronicler says: 'They seized the brethren one after another, and dragged them out with the most savage violence. Richard Spier was thrown out of a high back door three times. Some were drawn out by the MANIFESTO. THE SHAKER hair of their heads ; some were taken by four or five persons, one at each arm and leg, and pitched head-foremost into a deep mud puddle ; while many had their clothes badly torn.' Mother Ann took refuge in a back, bed room; but the mob tearing away the ceiling between her and them, they found her, and seizing her by the feet, dragged her thus out of doors. They then took her in her own wagon before Grant, abusing her and companions all along the road for a mile and a half, by beating and trying to n-:n over their. James Whittaker was thrown down a precipice ; and though his life was saved, had three of his ribs broken. After various mock trials, Grant ordered Mother Ann and others to be placed under guard for the night; and for this purpose she was dragged along the road for many rods, and up the stairs of an unfinished building in a manner similar to dealing with a dead beast! As all knew, Grant could not hold them upon any of the trumped up charges—and these were 'disturbing the peace of the people by singing and shouting along the road at a late hour of the night'—so he dismissed them; at the same time advising the mob to 'lay hands suddenly on no man'—emphasizing as printed. The mob took the hint, and there being a woman in the case, they put Mother into a carriage , and drove towards Albany with her for seven miles, choosing the roughest route over stones, stumps, while every little while her persecutors would strike her across the breast causing her great pain. They drove on without stopping for any refreshment; although Mother complained of having had nothing but a few mouthfuls during the day. Passing by a tavern, near the town line, they were heard, by the landlord, abusing the innocent woman ; and he became enraged and threatened them violence if they -did not desist. The mob now having driven them out of the town left them at dark, to seek their own shelter where they could. They received permission of a poor man to lie on the tloors of his log house and barn; here they rested as best they could with their ¦wet, torn and bloody clothes on, passing the night under great distress and suflerings. Eising from their cold, hard berths, the first thing done was to prepare a place, by removing the rubbish in the dooryard, for a meeting! They went forth with great zeal, singing, shouting and dancing witli much joy. Many people assembled, some of whom were so afFected sympathetically at seeing these worship in their uncomfortable plight, that they kneeled down and wept with great sorrow. Soon after this meeting, certain believers arrived from New Lebanon bringing provisions to eat; these were joyfully partaken of, as many had not eaten anything the previous day. After breakfast Mother showed the sisters her bruises. She was black and blue all over her body ! nor was this wondered at, seeing how much she had been dragged and beaten. She wept bitterly, as she said : 'So it has been with me nearly ever since I left Niskayuna, day and night—night and day— and I have been like a dying creature!' In the afternoon they returned to New Lebanon to the house of a believer, where they prepared to take some rest; but a mob of some forty persons, called the 'Indian Club,' in the roughest manner and basest language wanted 'to see the old woman!' They threw stones and clubs at the windows and doors, as if determined to break them all in. Nathan Farrington went out stating he was thx owner of the house and forbid their violence and its destruction. Said he : 'I have lived as a neighbor with you for years in peace ; but now, because I have joined this people of God, confessed my sins as you ought to do, you come here to break into my house and to abuse my family.' The mob became furious ; tore the boards from the house and would have entered with violence; but being threatened with legal proceedings they halted; and further being promised that they might see Mother Ann in the morning the majority withdrew. The next morning eight men came to the house; and Mother Ann went out of the doors and met them. 'This is the woman whom you pressed so hard to see last night,' said John Farrington. 'What do you want of me?' said Mother Arm; 'I am a poor, weak woman; I would not hurt anybody.' MANIFESTO. 276 THP1 SHAKEE 277 The guilty fellows hung their heads, and began to move off; they were invited to stay to breakfast, but they were too much ashamed, and went away. Mother Ann now moved toward Niskayuna, taking with her only a few Elders, advising her people not to follow her, as it was not best thus to stir up the pass^ns of their enemies. Proceeding a short distance, and stopping at a blacksmith's shop to have a shoe set on a horse, the smith began abusing them in language, and threw his tongs at them with such violence that missing their mark. they entered in the ground to the depth of six inches. They moved on. Thus we find that dread persecution still followed them; yet their zeal for the cause never abated. Shocking as these tales appear today, they were more numerous than we have implied. They now moved toward the Hudson river. Arriving at the ferry, a company of Indians espied Mother, whom they must have met before, and manifested their joy by crying out, 'The good woman has come !' And to the credit of the Indians, be it ever remembered, they always were friendly, and invariably helped, the Shakers— never did anything to hurt them. Mother and the Elders arrived at Niskayuna, (now Shakers, N. Y.,) on Sept. 4, 1783, having been absent two years and four months; and having passed through multitudes of indescribable persecutions and sufferings, found themselves at home again where they could rest. *