CORRESPONDENCE Most kind and affectionate Bro. Albert. I wish with you to ever keep the gospel... Aver, Mass. Oct. 4, 1878 Most kind and affectionate Bro. Albert. I wish with you to ever keep the gospel principles alive and growing. How can we hope to reap an easy harvest on the fields where our ancestors felled the forests and drove the wild beasts away? Shall we not grow good, and spend our strength in diffusing good under friendly and favorable condition*? Or is the lash of persecution necessary to stimulate zeal and heroism? If permit- ted, we might diffuse and influence, for good in the open fields near at hand. Clean, white napkins are in order at a refreshment; but not in order to lay away our food in, that we should eat, or give to the needy. Be assured that Eld. Frederick and yourself, and all who attended the Liberal League Convention were inspired by those bold thinkers who have advanced the world. 'The demons of our lives become the saints* that we adore.' Thanking you for your kindness, pleases ever think of me as one with you in faith. and good, works. Yours, Elijah Myrick SHAKERS vs. GIRLINGITES To the Editor of the Albany Morning Express : Having noticed an article in your paper on 'Shakers in England,' and seeing that, apparently, the Express is misinformed con- cerning the subject, for the correct information of your readers we would here state that the Girlingites of England have never had any relation to, or connection with the Shakers. As a class of professed Christians, they are entirely distinct, as is many of their principles; and, if we are rightly informed concerning them, their social and sexual relations are the extreme opposite to Shaker principles and practical life. There have never been any 'Shakers' in England, other than as visitors, since the demise of the remnant of the little band which Ann Lee left in England when she embarked for America in 1774, and their exit occurred but few years subsequent to that emigration of Ann Lee and the few who accompanied her to this land. Our English, as well as our American public should know that 'Shakers,' wherever located, are distinguished from all other religious sects, in the fact of the sexes living together in the same dwelling, but in separate rooms, dining in the same hall, at the same time, but at separate tables ; meeting for worship in the same temple and at the same time, uniting in the same worshipful exercises in prayer, praise, song, march and dance, but each sex maintaining a separate collection and association together, not intermingling at all. Thus, in all the relations of life maintaining the strictest virgin purity. If rightfully informed, this is not the practice of the Girlingites of England; but we would not, by any means, decry the Girlingites unjustly; we simply wish 'Shakers' to be known as being strict followers of Jesus Christ, whose mission on earth was to intro- duce upon it the kingdom of Heaven, wherein all the relations of the sexes are pure and virginal. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Giles B. Avery