THE SHAKERS. Their Creed and Other Matters of Interest The following very kind notice is copied from the N. Y. Times, which declines our pleasant invitation of last month to 'perse. cute us just a little.' The statements in the main, are very concise and correct; but those figures! The correspondent must have become a convert to materialization of spirits, or counted those 'not of our fold as yet,' when he made such an estimate of our numbers. We think, for the good of America, we ought to number about so many. We have not numbered our Israel of late and we hope the correspondent may be correct, in the prospective at least. That very singular body of persons, commonly known as Shakers—their proper name is the United Society of Believers in Christ's Second Appearing —is said to have materially increased since 1870, and to number now nearly 12,000. This is remarkable, inasmuch as, believing and rigidly adhering to celibacy, they can recruit their ranks only by external accretion. They have 18 separate settlements (the sect is confined entirely to the United States), of which there are two in Maine, two in New Hampshire, four in Massachusetts, one in Connecticut, three in this state, four in Ohio and two in Kentucky. They believe the kingdom of heaven has been established ; that Christ has come upon earth a second time in the form of Mother Ann (Ann Lee, an English woman, born in Manchester, was the founder of the sect, having emigrated thence with a small band of disciples shortly before the revolutionary war), and that the personal reign of God has been restored. They believe, also, that the new dispensation has begun, that Adam's sin has been atoned; that man has been delivered from ali errors except his own ; that the earth and all it contains shall be redeemed. This would seem to be a comfortable sort of creed, and they hold it most sincerely. To their peculiar mind there is no death, what appears to be death being merely a change of form, a transfiguration, which does not conceal them from the purified eyes of the saints. They look for no resurrection ; nor have they any faith in heaven beyond what they call ''living in union,' which MANIFESTO. 378 THE SHAKER is their present state of existence. Upon entering into union, they think they leave behind all earthly relationships and interests, just as if they had been separated from these by death. Those who have 'passed out of sight,' as they phrase it, are still in union ; and the Shakers have perfect faith that they dwell in daily communion with spirits of the departed. Indeed, they profess to be more familiar with the dead than with the living. Labor is, in their eyes, more than noble—it is sacred—a sacerdotal function, especially when employed upon the soil in adding to its abundance and beauty. Consistently with their faith is the second appearance of Christ in the form of a woman, they believe there is a feminine, as well as a masculine essence in the Grod-head, a motherhood, not less than fatherhood, of Deity, which would seem to be a sort of compromise with the Roman Catholic doctrine. The so- ciety is mainly increased by girls and young men ; but married couples likewise join it, becoming then as brothers and sisters. They are almost invariably noted for virtue, conscientiousness, health, prosperity, and contentment. They are the sole people on this continent, if not on 'the face of the globe, who for more than seventy years have lived together harmoniously on the fundamental principle of community of property.