HOME TOPICS To make Cloth Water-proof —In a bucket of soft water, put one half pound sugar of lead, one half pound powdered alum—stir at intervals until clean. Pour off into another bucket, put in the garment and let it remain twenty-four hours, then hang up to dry without wringing. Chilblains —The best remedy for this disagreeable infirmity is fire. Hold the feet as near the fire, and as long as can be borne. Let them cool, and do so again, and yet again. This followed for three or four successive nights, accompanied by dry stockings in the morning will cure the worst case. Cement for joining Glass —Dissolve fineMANIFESTO. 282 TH.E1 SHAKEE M^NTF'ICS'XO. SS3 ly powdered Gum Copal in three times its weight of Sulphuric Ether: apply tothe edges of the broken glass with a camels-hair pencil, put. the pieces together immediately, and press closely till they adhere. Our Diet —Chemical analysis discloses the fact that among the many articles used as food there are only two, wheat and milk, which contains all the elements of the human body, and in the proper proportion. Other articles, such as butter, sugar, syrup, and fat of all kinds, are wholly carbonaceous, or heat producing, so that if a human being were to attempt to live on these articles alone his brain and muscles would starve. By actual experiment it has been found that a man could not survive two months on such a diet. Brown Bread&gt; —2 qts. Indian meal. 1 qt. rye meal. 1 pt. canaille, mix with scaldinghot sweet milk, stir with a pudding stick till quite a stiff batter. Bake in iron pans seven or eight hours. A soap-stone oven is best; but if you bake in a stove oven keep a steady heat. Lemon Custard —Two white potatoes grated, the rind and juice of two lemons, two eggs, one cup sugar. Line the pie-plate with good crust, pour in the custard and bake. Hot Water Sponge Cake —Break two eggs into a dish, add a coffee cup of sugar, beat well, then pour into that one half cup of boiling water stirring briskly. Add one and one half cups of sifted flour and two teaspoonfuls baking powder. Bake three fourths of an hour. Annie Roughton, Phila. Catarrh Catarrh.—Water, made quite salt, is the best known remedy for nasal catarrh. Use as a douche several times in a day ; it will remove largely the very unpleasant, effect in company of one afflicted with it, and has cured in many eases. It is pretty generally believed, that most catarrhal remedies are composed largely of salt water, with other materials thrown in to hide the simple, but effective agency. Weak Eyes —Bathe in soft water, that is sufficiently impregnated with spirits of camphor to be discernible to the smell—teaspoonful of spirits of camphor to tumbler of water. For inflamed eyes use milk and camphor, adding a little more ot the camphor than above' Let the baths enter the eyes freely.