INDIANS. No. 9 JAMES S. PRESCOTT A Chicago clergyman startled his flock a few Sunday evenings ago, by telling them 'hell is not half so full of men and women as men and women are full of hell.' 'Where are we to go?' Chickasaw. The tide of emigration from the Eastern States and emigrants from the old world are fast filling up the Western States and Territories, especially, in the fertile fields of Dakota, Kansas, and Nebraska. It is said officially, 'that in Dakota alone the increased number of acres taken over that of the previous, year was a million and a quarter.' Once the Indians claimed the whole of this country for their home, and there, were none that disputed their right; but now they are limited to one Territory, called the Indian Territory. And they hardly dare call this their home for fear it will be taken from them. This. is small indeed compared with what they once possessed. Small as it is, the, whites are already trying to get it away from them, because they say the land is too good for the Indians. They want, to get the richest land for selfish ends, and rail-road purposes, but they should not have it—not a single foot of it. I would sooner enlarge the Indian Territory—it ought to be extended, and bounded as follows. Taking in the North West part of Texas, on a line, running parallel with the Southern line of the Indian Territory, as it now is ; bounded on the east, by Arkansas, and Missouri; on the south, by Texas, and Mexico; on the west, by California, and Nevada; on the north, by Utah, Colorado, and Kansas; including the whole of New Mexico, and Arizona— to make one grand ''•Indian Territory,'* secured by the U. S. government to the Indians, exclusively, by laws made as. unalterable as the laws of the Medes THK SHAKER 269 and Persians. This would form a basis for future civilization of the Indians. POPULATION. 'The following is an estimate of the entire original population of the Indians in 1650. Algonquins 90,000 ; Eastern Sioux, less than 3,000 ; Iroquois. in- cluding their southern kindred about 17, 000; Catawbas, 3,000. Cherokees, (now more numerous than ever) 12,000 ; Mobilian tribes, 50,000; lichees, 1, 000 ; Natches, 4,000 ; in all, 130,000. These were the only nations and tribes then known to the first settlers. Since that time, with the expansion of our territory west, and south, we have embraced numerous Indian nations, some of them quite populous, until their number is nearly doubled according to the last census. The whole number of Indians within the limits of the United States, in 1867, according to the official estimates, was a little more than 300,000. There are about 15,000, in the States East of the Mississippi, principally in New York, Michigan, and Wisconsin ; the remainder, consisting of Cherokees, Choctaws, and Seminoles, being in North Carolina, Mississippi, and Florida. The number in Minnesota and along the frontiers, of the western States, and Texas, is estimated at 30,000. Those on the Plains and among the Rocky Mountains, not within any organized Territory, at 50,000 ; in Texas, at 25,000; in New Mexico, at 30,000; in California, at 78,000 ; in Utah, at 10, 000 ; in Oregon and Washington Territories, at 20,000; Total, 308,000.' Ziossing, p. 38. 'Where are we to go?' Is it any wonder that this question should be asked by a civilized Chickasaw—one of the five nations in the Indian Territory? when he sees they are surrounded on every hand by the whites, some of whom are enemies in disguise, ready to take every advantage in their power, to block the wheels of progress and stop the car of civilization, regardless of what may become of the future home of the Indians. If he turns his eyes towards the setting sun, he sees the state of California and all the lands bordering on the Pacific Ocean, fast filling up with the whites^ and if he looks beyond these settlements,, the last ray of hope of the Indian is gone—his sun is set forever, he sees nothing beyond but the end of the log, where the white man crowded him off'— a literal fulfillment of a prophetic illustration, given by an Indian long time ago, to represent the encroachment of the whites, in crowding the Indians off of their lands. North Union, O.