EDITORIAL NOTES OUR MISSION Now is the season, when people can give more thought to self-improvement and religious necessities. TsTow begins the lecture season ; the revival meetings, prayer gatherings, and sincere outpourings of the soul, variously rendered, for more light. 'Let there be light.' We want to take part in the religious meetings of the people ; we want to be in ten thousands of homes simultaneously, through our representative, The Manifesto. We would willingly meet our friends, desirous of hearing verbal, Shaker testimony, in word, in song and in life-evidences. W'rite us for lecturers ; for singers; and do not fail to write us for a renewal of The Manifesto. Permit us to come to you through its mediumship, if by no other avenue, and we will do you good, our brethren and sisters in nature—all mankind. Send to us your personal subscriptions ; add one more to them this year, and make some other person your everlasting friend. 'Christ's Second Appearing' Ere we come to our readers, in this our Nov. No. there will have been held in N. Y. city a Convention of sincere souls, who are particularly interested in, and anxious for the coming of Christ the Second time. Led by very prominent ministers of various denominations, the Convention promises to be a very interesting occasion. We shall send delegates thereto, prominent among whom will be . the Elders of the North, Mt. Lebanon. To us, the Shakers, Christ has come already the second time, without sin unto salvation. We are variously experiencing the degrees of this salvation, inasmuch as this spirit of Christ manifests itself to and in our lives. We are anxious to experience more of this Second Advent power ; and anxious that others should do so. We are an invited guest to the Convention ; and if we can attend, will give to our readers in Dec. No. more information thereof, and its probable consequences. 'Peculiar People ' The Shakers, aiming to live superior to carnal, passionate impulses, and above the world, become peculiar as a result; with no intention of being singular as a cause. There are no people, who, as a class of religionists, bring equally to bear on all of its members similarly, the restraints of Christianity that do the Shakers. Bishop Hughes, when living, remarked this feature of our church— all were priests unto an exceeding puri- ty—none marry, nor indulge the flesh ; none, are permitted to fight, wage war nor quarrel; none hold private possessions ; and where but little of the gospel of Christ is active, the name and spirit of mine is cast out, and all is ours. Thus is proved that the wrong comes, not in working for our own comfort, but in not seeking the good of others equally well and in excess of our own. It m. good to be thus peculiar. Notice We would kindly give notice, that with the issue of this number of The Manifesto and hence, all communications and correspondence relating to ThbSiiaker Manifesto, should be addressed : 'The Shaker Manifesto, Shakers, N. Y.'