Farm and Garden Our Opinions of Vegetables &amp; Fruits We have heretofore been favorably impressed with the Trophy and Canada Victor tomatoes. Acknowledging these to be good' I still, we have proved this season that the ! Acme is superior to any other variety known 284 THE SHAKER 'The Types of Christ,' which appeared a our August No, has been put in pamphlet to us. If there is a better, we would be glad to know it. We have tested the New Melon, The Surprise—and were disappointed at finding it inferior to the Sills' Hybrid. This latter, while not so juicy as the Green-Fleshed * Nutmeg, is every way its superior; and as a universal Musk-melon, we should deem it unequaled. Our Greeley Mohawk grape has been the wonder of many this season... Our Greeley Mohawk Grape has been the •wonder of many this season, in earliness and quality. It was ripe fully two weeks ahead of the Concord; and though not so noble in form of bunch as this latter, is valuable as a predecessor. The Monarch Strawberry proved fully equal in siz^e to reports; but there was an unequal ripening about it, that hurts its reputation somewhat. Drilling in Fall Grain —It has been proven, beyond dispute, that enough more grain is harvested from fields that are drilled in, in excess of those sown broadcast, so that in 150 acres the excess would buy a drill. Can this be so! No two places can produce the same kind of wool... No two places can produce the same kind of wool. The United States cannot raise all the wool it consumes, because it does not raise all kinds. This country can, however, produce all the wool it needs when it ignores ¦ Paris as the headquarters of fashion. You can get a very good idea of 'natural selection'... You can get a very good idea of 'natural selection' in its practical workings by viewing a celery glass after it has been once around the table. The day is certainly not far distant... Professor E. W. Stewart, of Lake View, N. Y. says: 'The day is certainly not far distant when all enterprising farmers will soil their stock to a great extent. The best way to soil is to begin raising grain. Make a calculation as to how much corn and other grain crops you will require, raise good crops and you will soon see the folly of using three to five acres to pasture a cow when she can be soiled on a half acre. Advantages of a Feed-cutter 'A. D.' Du Quoin, 111., writes, that in 1871, he had h MANIFESTO. 30 acres of land, 4 cows, and a pair of mules, for which he found it difficult to provide fodder. For economy, he bought a feed cutter, and then had plenty of feed and increased his stock. This increased his manure, and that doubled the supply of feed. The stock was again added to, and at present there are 22 head of cattle and horses on the 30 acres, and more feed than can he used. He now has a steam engine attached to a large-sized cutter. His prosperity dates from the day he used a fodder cutter. For the removal of stable stains... For the removal of stable stains from a gray or white horse apply a thick paste of finely powered charcoal and water; let it dry and rub off with brush or wisp of straw, and the discoloration will be found to have entirely disappeared. Heaves While other remedies may cure, the simple feeding of cornstalks, cut small and wet with hot water, will dissipate the heaves in a short time. Yet a return to hay will reproduce them. Let those with horses .so troubled, feed cornstalks, wetted, with coarse bran added. Lice on Poultry The best as well as easiest remedy for getting rid of vermin on fowls, and keeping them clear afterward, is first to clean and whitewash the roosts, adding a liberal supply of salt to the wash. Then have the entrance to and from these roosts sufficiently small, that a sponge saturated with kerosene oil, hung over the entrance would come in contact with the back of each fowl every time it goes in or out. We know this to be a most excellent remedy. Supply the sponge with oil once a week. Hens with chickens, not before hatching, should be liberally smeared with a mixture of lard oil and kerosene, immediately on leaving the nest. The chicks will show a rapid and lealthy growth, being free from gapes and pip.