BREAKING IN THE TONGUE RICHARD FLETCHER 'If any man' (or woman) 'bridleth not the tongue'—bridle ? Is that all ? Why not break in the tongue to full harness—collar, traces, saddle lines and all? A halter on the tongue is more than some persons use to guide it. A bridle and head-stall helps still more to keep the unruly member straight, from wagging right and left into neighbors' door-yards and other none-of-your-affairs places. Then if good traces are added, it can be made to draw useful burdens of sound sense instead of flimsy, skeleton sulkies of constantly-rattling small-talk. The whip is needed too, for lazy tongues, to stir them up to speak a cheery word in place of grunting, if it's no more than 'A fine morning, brother,' and to urge them to do a small fraction of their share of Avitnessing for a religious life, in meetings for worship. Suppose it does seem like a trial to speak before others ! How many times a day are we ashamed to be engaged in discussing the details of cooking our favorite dishes, just the exact shade of flavor, this and that preparation must have, before 'I' can endure to swallow it? If there were one-tenth the relish fcr cr-rjuer-r ?R2il-?s3 a:::] ether bx2 MANIFESTO. 292 THE habits that some of us have in raising up the ghosts of departed dinners, our seasons of devotion would not be given over almost entirely to 'the few,' aided by the willing-hearted singers. Any one who thinks before speaking, even half the time, has indeed got the coltish member well broken in to double harness. With steady, calm judgment for the nigh horse, and strong double harness, what a huge load, of big bales of solid chunks of good temper such a prize team as that, can roll along the level roads and up and down the hills of life ! Even when cutting whips of others' thoughtless wit and ridicule does the owner of such a well-broken tongue, sudden injustice, he does not get run away with. A spirited team he has, too ; but such a load of solid sense behind, they cannot break away from the better feelings, pull they ever so strongly. What shall a slurring, sarcastic tongue be compared to? A vicious, kicking animal. Everybody keeps out of the reach of those heels, for it is hard to tell which way they'll fly next. So does the habit of always running things down, of joking on the weak points of character among acquaintances, keep a person from having many close friends. They don't like to be too near the sarcastic, kicking tongue. What a sorry old scrub of a mule, is a vulgar tongue. It's an insult to fourlegged brutes to compare it to an old 'hack,' or a canal donkey worn to a skeleton by hard labor. A three-year old colt, turned out all the year in a rundown sorrel pasture, wooly as a sheep with last year's burdocks, is not so unsightly an object as a coarse, ill-mannered habitually slangy tongue. No hope for it, except to knock it on the head, or shut it away from public hearing, feed it with pure thoughts, and curry it down with a mortified conscience. Srach a member is worse than useless, and unless entirely broken off from coarse habits, is worse than a balky horse or any other kind of a tricky beast. A good harness would be thrown away, trying to regulate an impure, low-talking habit. Making it work with others, might spread the mischief. Nay ! Sell the dirty nag for phosphate : it has an odor rich enough for a ten-acre field. But, perhaps the owner might purify the thoughts and so cure the trouble. There are several other kinds of unmanageable organs of speech. Some of them need curb bits, others, spurs, and a gentle touching up with a whip. Tight collars, snug breeching, and wellfastened tug-back straps may be used to advantage on that large class of unruly members that are popularly supposed to be 'hung in the middle' and wagging at both ends. Each and all may apply the moral to suit, remembering, there never was, nor ever will be a wild colt, or a human tongue that cannot be improved by good training. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.