ANN LEE: Her work, her People, and their Critics, Ninth Paper ANN LEE. Her work, her People, and their Critics. Ninth Paper. 'The travels of Mother Ann had ended; and from the time she arrived at Watervliet, until her decease there remained to her only one year and three days. Kest from traveling they did; but Ann Lee and her companions never labored harder for the good of the cause, nor for the particular good of souls, than during the year following her arrival at Watervliet—the last year of her life. Meetings, Meetings, Meetings with and for the enlightenment of visitors and to keep their own religious zeal at a white heat, were the order of the day, and particularly at night, often lasting all night, being still in progress at break of day. On July 21. 1784 William Lee, the noble brother of Mother Ann died, more from injuries received at the hands of mobs, and from complete exhaustion than from any other noticeable cause. Immediately after this brother's decease, the physical breaking down of Mother Ann was particularly observed ; and her oft-repeated expressions of 'Brother William is calling to me;' and 'Yea, brother, I am coming soon,' caused ber companions to feel great anxiety, and to question the cause of these remarks. She would answer that she often saw William beckoning her to come, and that she knew she must soon go. She grew weaker and weaker in body, yet stronger if possible, in the encouragement of people to keep the faith, and to be more faithful after she had gone. On the eighth of Sept. 1784, a few minutes after twelve in the morning she said : '/ see brother William coming in a golden chariot, to take me home!' and then breathed her last without a struggle or a groan. Thus closed the life of a remarkable woman—a woman who, if ever there was one acquainted with unmerited grief and worldly persecution, she was that one. Ann Lee was a woman of strong constitution, inclining to exceed the usual size of women; very straight, and generally well proportioned in fcr:r_^ of a light conxolexion, blue eyes, with hair of a light, chestnut brown. Her appearance was rather majestic; and many, other than her faithful followers called her a beautiful woman. She was unlearned: her education was what she could derive from observation and inspiration ; her language was very simple, and so plain was she in speaking to the point of conversation, address or rebuke, that she was, no doubt, often chargeable with bluntness. There was nothing mealy-mouthed about her; yet she never would purposely hurt the feelings of any, even of her enemies. She knew nothing of the school of Chesterfield, nor its inculcations: but she taught in her natural language and life, of principles and power which the most esthetic science would or might fail of being capable; and the results of obedience to her teachings and example, were beautifying to individuals, within and without. Withal she was a meek woman; was never known to act in the least out of humor, angry, nor to exhibit the slightest ruffle at a personal insult. She was powerful in testimony, and the plainest in the denunciation of every passionate impulse leading to the gratification of the flesh; but invariably applied these testimonies to herself as to any others. She was very sympathetic and motherly, making others to feel completely released from condemnation, by drowning them in the depths of her love and affection. Of her plain and stirring instructions we will have more to say in future. At her funeral, there gathered a large concourse of her faithful followers, and very many not of the faith. She had lived an adorable life; and the world seems but just waking up, to give her even a moiety of the credit she deserved. She was buried close by her lowly logcabin ; but a few years after, was disinterred to be placed in the centre of a plain, but convenient cemetery in the centre of the village of Shakers, N. Y. By the enlargement of the burying-ground, its original symmetry has been disturbed, exhibiting now, to the west of the centre, a very plain slab, made of Helderberg flags, rising above the ground about two feet only, and bearing the letters: xM.x _Mother AnrLee. A.