THE SHAKER MANIFESTO AN OFFICIAL MONTHLY. G. A.. LOMAS Editor. Shakers, N. Y. VOL. VIII.— DECEMBER. 1878.— No. XII. The Proper Community Disposition HENRY T. CLOUGH. The proper state of our temper, with respect to one another. It is evident, if we consult either public welfare or private happiness, Christian charity ought to regulate our disposition in all mutual intercourse. In my estimation, Charity is the same as benevolence or love; and is the term uniformly employed in the New Testament, to express all the good affections, which we ought to bear to one another. It consists not in speculative ideas of general benevolence, floating in the head, and leaving the heart—as speculations too often do— untouched and cold. Neither is it confined in that indolent good nature, which makes us rest satisfied with being free from inveterate malice, or ill-will to our fellows without prompting us to be of service to any. True Charity is an active principle; it is not properly a single virtue; but a disposition residing in the heart, as a fountain whence the virtues of benignity, candor, forbearance, generosity, compassion, and liberality flow, as so many native streams. From general good will to all, it sheds it's influence particularly on those with whom we stand in connection, and who are directly in the sphere of home. From the community to which we belong, it extends to the smaller associations of neighborhoods, relations and friends, and spreads itself over the whole circle of humanity. But as the great principle admits of several diversified appearances, let us consider some of the chief forms under which it ought to show itself, in the usual tenor of life. What first presents itself to be recommended, is a peaceable temper; a disposition averse to giving offense, and desirous of cultivating harmony, and amicable intercourse in society. This includes yielding and condescending manners, unwillingness to contend with others about trifles ; and in contests that are unavoidable, prop er moderation of spirit. Such a temper is the first principle of self-enjoyment ; and is the basis of all order and happiness among mankind. The positive and contentious, the rude and quarrelsome are the bane of society. But they cannot disturb the peace of others, more than they break their own. The hurricane rages first in their own bosom, before it is let forth upon the world. In the tempests which they raise, they are always tossed, and frequently it is their lot to perish. A peaceable temper must be supported by a candid one, or by a disposition to view the conduct of others with fairness and impartiality. This stands opposed to a jealous and suspicious temper, which ascribas every action to the worst possible motive, and throws a black shade over every character. If we would be happy in ourselves, or in our connections with others, let us guard against this spirit. Let us study that charity 'which thinketh no evil;' that temper which without degenerating into credulity, will dispose us to be just; and which can allow us to obseryc an error, without imputing it as a S9O crime. Thus, we shall be kept free, from the continual irritation, which imaginary injuries raise in a suspicious breast, and shall walk among men as our brethren, not as our enemies. But to be peaceable, and to be candid is not all that is required of a good man, lie must cultivate a generous and sympathizing temper, which feels for distress wherever it is beheld; and to all that he has intercourse with, it is gentle, obliging and humane. How amiable appears such a disposition, when contrasted with a malicious or envious temper, which wraps itself up, in its own narrow interests, looks with an evil eye on the success of others and with an unnatural satisfaction, feeds on their disappointments or miseries ! How little does he know the true happiness of life, who is a stranger to that intercourse of good offices and kind affections, which by a pleasing charm attaches men to one another, and circulates joy from heart to heart. Let it be remembered, that of small incidents the system of human life is composed. The attentions, which respect these, Avhen suggested by real benignity of temper, are often more material to the happiness of those around us, than actions which carry the appearance of greater dignity and splendor. No wise or good man ought to account any ¦ rules of behavior, as below his equal, which serve to cement the great brotherhood of mankind in comfortable union. Particularly amidst that familiar intercourse which belongs to domestic life, all the virtues-of temper find an ample range. It is very unfortunate, that within that circle, men too often think themselves at liberty to give unrestrained vent to the caprice of passion and ill humor: whereas there, on the contrary, more than anywhere else, it concerns them to attend to the government of their heart; to check what is violent in their tempers, and to soften what is harsh in their manners. For there the temper is formed. There the real character displays itself. In all our intercourse then with others, particularly in that which is closest and most intimate, let us cultivate a peaceable, candid, gentle and forbear:-!' dixposi;ica. This is the temper, which by repeated injunction, true religion seeks to reform us. This was the temper of the Christ. This is the temper of Heaven. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.