QUONDAM SAILOR, CHAP. XI WILLIAM G. LIBBEY The reason of my leaving Eimeo was from an unrest that came upon my mind. The cause of which I have never been able to understand. I had previously been quite contented, and was fast becoming a native in every respect even the color of my skin changed by exposure. I was acquiring their language, ate their food with good relish, whether cooked or raw. In truth, I loved the natives and their pleasant island home. It was the goal of my long cherished hopes. Yet when the unrest came over me, suddenly, like a pall, my joy was gone forever ! Although my brother had not become reconciled to the natives or their islands, yet he was not prepared for the sudden start which I urged. He said : 'What use to be in such a hurry?' I could assign no reason only, that I felt impelled to leave the islands. Although in love with this easy half civilized life when in Eimeo, I can now see very clearly what its effect would have been on my life,—our northern energy would soon have been conquered by the influence of a tropical climate and we should have become Tahitians in indolence at least. But I am grateful to akird Providence for 'whipping me out of this lazy Utopia.' As our companions were going in their boat with a load of sweet potatoes to Tahiti^ we went with them. Soon after our arrival, Capt. Ray of the barque Draco of Fairhaven, a whaler, being in want of men, asked my brother and myself to go with him. Accordingly, we shipped to be discharged in Talcahuano in Chili. In a few days, we were again on the great south Pacific ocean, cruising for whales. Now my kind young friends who have patiently followed us from Fanning's island to the deck of the pleasant old Draco, I mmt mlajsteepe: sto*. 31O THE 8HAKBE reluctantly yield to the necessity of skipping over minute details of this my last cruise in a whaler. Thanking the Editor and Publisher for their lengthened patience I will try to close with the year 1878. The officers and men on board the ship were agreeable companions. Nothing occurred for several months to disturb the quiet routine of daily life at sea in the South Pacific. The weather was uniformly good, time passed pleasantly, and we found no reason to regret having joined the good old ship. On the last day of the year 1842, I came very near losing my Brother. We had lowered our boats for a number of sperm whales that came near the ship. The boat to which I belonged fastened to what whale-men call a forty barrel bull,—considered the most dangerous kind of sperm whale. The chief mate had lanced him and he was spouting blood, an indication that he was mortally wounded and would soon be ours. Just then one of the crew of the second mate's boat said to that officer: ''Let us go down and have a finger in that pie.' Poor man! I think these were his last words, for the second mate taking his lance, the harpooner, the steering oar, his boat came down before the wind striking the whale on the windward side. As the boat struck, the second mate gave him a lance which would have killed him, but the whale turned suddenly, striking the boat and crushing it to pieces ! As I looked, it seemed the boat's crew were all lost. A feeling of terrible anguish came over me,—my brother ¦was one of that crew, and I thought had gone from my sight forever! But hope revived when I saw several men rise to the surface and swim toward our boat. The line that held us to the whale was cut, and seizing our oars, we pulled to the rescue of our struggling shipmates. The carpenter who suggested going on to the whale, was never seen again. He pulled the midship oar and was no doubt instantly killed as he was seated directly under the fearful stroke. We saved the whale, and as I was helping under the main top to get up the tackle for hoisting in the blubber, I noticed it was growing quite dark, on enquiry, I learned that there was an eclipse of the Sun. This with our terrible accident made the day a gloomy one indeed. Nothing remarkable occurred during the remainder of this cruise. When we arrived at Talcahuano, after our six month's voyage in the old Draco, the captain discharged us according to previous agreement. At this place I parted company with my brother,—he shipping in a homeward-bound whaler, while I joined a Chilian ship belonging to Valparaiso, in which I remained about six months, suffering the same unrest I had first felt at Eimeo. Leaving the Hermosa Chilona at Valparaiso, I shipped in an English brig bound for Swansey in Wales. On getting out to sea in this vessel, she was found to be unseaworthy, and the crew headed by the carpenter, forced the captain to put back at Valparaiso. Here I was taken sick and went to the American hospital where I was treated very kindly by the English steward. This hospital was on high ground overlooking the harbor and as I recovered from my sickness I kept a bright look-out for ships bearing the American ensign. The very sight of the old flag with its stars and stripes in that far land, was a comfort to me. I had no definite course in mind to pursue,— my only thought was to go to sea in some merchant ship. I was resolved on going in no more whalers. One day as I sat watching the shipping as usual, the thought came suddenly to my mind : 'I will go to the Shakers!' Now nothing was more foreign to my previous plans. I instantly rejected it; yet so very strongly was the idea presented, that I began to reason. Well, it is a good place in which to prepare for the future life, and now the opportunity is offered me, I will accept it. It seemed that I could not withstand the impression. As soon as I yielded, a joyous thankfulness filled my heart, and I fell upon my knees to thank God for the bright prospect that opened before me. The unrest vanished! The cause of which change I have yet to learn. But how should I reach there? Would the Lord provide? In a few days to my surprise the United States frigate 'Constellation' came into the harbor and I was sent on board to go home in her, with some other men who were at the hospital. Soon after going to ea I fully recovered my health, and put my MLAJSrUPESTO. THE SHAKER 311 name on the shipping articles for the remainder of the cruise. She had then been from home over three years. We went to Peru, then around Cape Horn to Rio Janeiro, from thence to Norfolk, Virginia. We entered Gosport navy yard, where the crew were finally paid off. I reached Canterbury in safety, accompanied by a shipmate, one of the Constellation's non-commissioned officers, a noble generoushearted sailor who died about one year since, strong in the faith of the Shaker religion. When we .first reached Shaker Village, N. H., I went to the Novitiate order and told the presiding Elder, Robert Fowle, that I had come all the way from Valparaiso, Chili, in South America to be a Shaker. He then told me that the first step toward this end would be to honestly confess my sins, and thus I should be made able to live free from sin. He remarked that the gospel of Christ in this second manifestation would save all who would obey it and enable them to live a pure life, free from the lusts of the world. His words have proved true, and I have never for one moment regretted obeying the sudden impression received on the high lands back of the port of Valparaiso ! Thanking all my young friends who have followed me through my wanderings from Fanning's island to the quiet Shaker Village among the hills of New Hampshire, I bid you a kind adieu. (the end.)