INDIANS. No. 10 JAMES S. PRESCOTT 'The white man wants the Indians' home.' '¦Chickasaw.' We learn with regret from the 'Coun- cil Fire' published in Washington how the white man is trying to get away the Indian's home in the Indian Territory. It is as follows. 'The Indian nations are contesting our rights (and well they may,) to establish a new Territory viz : Oklahoma—where we could get our- selves down from St. Louis, and Cairo, and getaway with 23,000,000, acres of the finest valley lands in the Indian Territory, much of which is improved—worth to day $10 to $20 per acre. This small part of subsidy would role the red man, 'tis true, but would benefit us about $200,000,000.. Why should we not have it?' Answer* 1. You should not have it, for the following reasons—you have robbed the Indians enough already, and too much altogether, and it is high time this robbery was stopped. 2. It is no more justifiable to rob the Indian because he is an Indian, of his land and home, than it is a white man, although the crime is much more common. 3. You should not have it because it is the Indian's 'Home'—'Sweet Home' ! 'There is no place like home' ! and it is just as sweet to the Indian in his Wigwam and blanket, as it is to the white man in his splendid palace. Why should he be deprived of it? 4. You should not have it because it belongs exclusively to the Indians, and should be secured to them by law, for nine hundred and ninety nine years, during which time it should be a closed door, which no white man can open as a possessor. 5. You should not have it, because the Indians have claims on the United States which no other nation have, for lands in their possession, unpaid for. Why rob them of any more? 6. You should not have it, because it is the only place the Indians have to fall back on, when they are crowded out, and robbed of other reservations as they surely will be by the whites. 7. You should not have it, because the Indian Territory is destined to become the future Mecca of 'the Indians, a permanent home where all the tribes must ultimately be gathered for safety and protection, besides, you cannot establish a new territory over the Indians* without their consent, which they will never give, and you cannot do it without violating an expros.s law of the United States. We learn too from the same source, that 'The Terms for bill passed the House by a small majority. When it reached the Senate, a majority was counted upon by its friends, but when it came upon its final passage, a proposiMANIFESTO. 396 THE SHAKER tion was made and adopted for a Commission, composed of three Senators, and five Representatives, to investigate and report to Congress upon the pro- priety of transferring the Indian Bureau to the War Department.' This delay in the Senate was a wise move, not to force its passage without giving the friends of the Peace policy time to enter their protest. It is generally conceded by the best writers on the subject, that there is no way to save the Indians but by being civilized. And this can never be done by the War Department. It is said the Indians won't civilize. Why? If the War Department carries among them, as they have heretofore, guns, powder, bad whisky, and various disgusting diseases, it is true, they 'won't civilize'—and they never will, under such conditions, and who can blame them? But, under the Peace policy supported by the Government the Indians can be civilized, and have been, as proof of this we need only refer to the progress and advancement made by the '•'•fivenations' in the Indian Territory, viz. Gher- okees, Ghickasaws, Ghoctaws, Greeks, and Seminoles, and many other scattered over different parts of the U. S. who are an honor to their race. And they owe their civilization to other causes, one side and independent of the War Department. If the Hon. Commissioners will allow the civilized Indians' testimony on this subject, consisting of 60,000, or more in the Indian Territory, we are sure this bill of 'Transfer' will never pass the Senate, of the U. S. so as to become a law, and it never ought to, because the Indians are opposed to it, universally—they would rather die—they see in the final issue it means extermination, and nothing else—and no one wants to see the Indians exterminated, unless it is some had whites, who themselves or their vices ought to be exterminated, and not the Indians. It is not the military, alone, which the Indians fear, but, it is the money power, behind—it is Aristocratic Establishments, Chartered Monopolies, and Rail Road Corporations ; these are undermining the Indian's Home. North Union, Ohio.