N0NC0NF0RMITY In an ably written article upon nonconformity with the world The Brethren at Work (Dunkard) produces the following very good points. Thus acknowledging, we would remind the above paper that there are other practices than that of dress, which to be conformed to the pattern of Christ's life, we must refrain as Christians. Does any ask : 'What are they?' Let such study Christ, and read The Manifesto. Ed. The reason some people wear gold is because it is in their hearts. This is why they dress fine and wear costly array, following the vain and foolish fashions of the world. The fountain is corrupt—the mind not yet renewed, and we cannot reasonably expect anything better from their actions. There are hundreds who are very strict about their dress, but seemingly about nothing else. It would appear that they have centered all their ideas of non-conformity in a few clothes. When it comes to conversation, they are just like the world. They buy and sell like the world, using their wits to drive sharp bargains, and every and any way to make a little money, just like the world, too, at that. Were it not for their dress, MANIFESTO. THE SHAK1E MANIFESTO. 29-7 you would never think about them being professors. They can talk about their neighbors ; do a little tattling now and then; use rough language. In fact, conform to the world out and out, all but in dress. Such characters are a disgrace to any church. There is no Bible non-conformity about them. It is all outside, and but little of that, while the mind remains full of corruption and deceit—has not been renewed. Then there is another class who are very strict about the cut of their clothes. They purchase fine, costly broadcloth and have it cut in the order, thinking this is non-conformity. Such work is mockery. God has forbidden the use of fine apparel and costly array, and all the non-conformity cutting in the world will not make it right. If we are going to follow the Bible, let us be consistent about it, and not attempt to take advantage of circumstances. Then there are sisters who seem to have too much respect for the church to wear a fine dress bonnet or hat, but will take their otherwise plain bonnet and ruffle and trim it until it is just as bad as a fashionably trimmed hat. Their dresses must be ruffled and trimmed until what little non-conformity they ever had is completely destroyed. This is worse than following the fashions of the world. It is polluting and bringing shame on a religious thing. It is degrading God's order. If we are going to be non-conformed to the world, let us be consistent about it, and not try and mix things up—half religion and half world.