Farm and Garden Farmers In comparison with the longcontinued prostration of other industries and the severe depression of general business, farmers may congratulate themselves that at least, through long hours of toil and the practice of close economy, they have been able to secure the necessaries of life for the support of their families and themselves. A bushel of corn is worth just as much to-day in the feeding of a family as ever it was, while it will buy as much sugar or as many yards of cotton cloth as in the average year, and it is only when sold for cash, or when applied to the payment of old debts, that the farmer really suffers from its low market value. Brighter days are coming, and the severe lessons of economy and struggle with debt will have a salutary effect in avoiding new liabilities in the future, and in making all classes more cautious and more thought- ful in their plans.—Com Adv. Wintering Calves The most difficult portion of cattle kind to keep through the season of the year of farm stock that has to be fed are the calves. Every farmer possesses more or less of these, and as it is designed for them to grow up and become of large size, every possible means should be adopted to raise them to the greatest perfection. If they are not handled with great care and the strictest attention paid to their welfare, their growth is liable to be arrested, and such an injury received thereby as cannot be easily, if ever fully, repaired by the best of treatment afterwards. Cattle are like everything else; if they are stunted when young and their growth checked, they can never afterwards be made to grow so thriftily as they would have done; and, therefore, too much pains cannot be taken with them while calres to give them a good start. Untidy barnyards Untidy Barnyards.—We desire to call the attention of some farmers—there are doubtless but a few—to the untidy condition of their barn and stock yards. In some cases they are filled with broken and disused machinery, rails, pieces of boards full of nails, clubs, etc. We are reminded of this by hearing a farmer remark that he had lost a good colt by its stepping on a rusty nail. There are many animals annually lost from this cause.] The owners, however, are not entitled to sympathy; for a farmer who leaves boards, with nails sticking up, lying around where stock is liable to run, deserves to lose his cattle and colts. See to it at once that all such dangerous articles are piled up where they may dry out and be used for kindling.— Chicago Tribune.