CLEAN OUT OF EGYPT The necessity of a separation from the world, or worldly practices, has ever been a peculiar demand of the higher powers, upon those who felt it to be duty to live better than the world. Such was the call to Israel of old; first to free them from unreasonable, slavish bondage to Pbaraoh ; but last and best, to put between them and their resorts to ungodliness, an impassable barrier—the Red Sea. In their eagerness to get away from their human tyrants, they thereby cut themselves asunder from opportunities of indulging passional proclivities, far baser and more tyrannical than Pharaoh's overseers. Cut off from the display of pride, vanity, and excess in worldly station. Broken away from flesh pots, and from opportunities to engage their inordinate appetites for unnatural foods and drinks. Forced to the simple labor of each earning his or her livelihood, by gathering what each needed of simple, wholesome food. Drink from the waters that flowed as a spring from a rock was offered, with no apparatus at hand to corrupt tlnse into unnatural, death-dealing fluids. Compelled by the force of circumstances to be a separate people, and to relinquish the good as well as bad habits of the Egyptians—so with the peculiar people of God wherever they may be located. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 299 Free from both bad and good, worldly habits. Celibates, not from selfish motives, but 'for the kingdom of heaven's sake;' forsaking even the small good that is left amid the very gulling and corrupting conditions of married selfishness. 'Buying and selling' but 'as though not doing so,' because not for 'me and mine,' but for 'those who believe,' and 'are gathered together.' The glory of worldly strife left behind, peace takes up its abode ; and the worldly necessity of wars, and destruction by war uncalled for. Clean out of the Egypt, means more good than the best of worldly good—better than its best in all that concerns our physical habits, and our spiritual impulses and ministrations'. Let us be so lifted vip in godliness of our lives that we shall draw many unto us from their Egypt.