HOME TOPICS Cure For Chapped Hands A solution of cider vinegar and pure glycerine in equal parts will cure the most stubborn chapped hands on even the thinnest skin. Delicate Alkali A small piece of chalk put into a pitcher of water, without imparting any taste whatever to the same, will yet exercise a corrective effect upon the stomach of any one afflicted with acidity, or heartburn, as it is familiarly called. Home-Made Court-Plaster The following recipe comes to us well recommended : One ounce of French isinglass ; one pint of warm water; stir till it dissolves; add ten cents' worth of pure glycerine and five cents' worth of tincture of arnica; lay a piece of white or black silk on a board and paint it over with the mixture. Prepared Glue In half a pint of water in a wide-mouthed bottle put eight ounces of best glue, place the bottle in water, and heat until the glue is dissolved. Then stir in slowly two and a half ounces of strong nitric acid. Cork tightly. Glue thus prepared is always ready for use, and may be applied to mending furniture, broken vessels, and other articles not exposed to water. A New Fruit A novel freak of nature was lately shown us by D. A. Buckingham, the venerable elder of Watervliet Society at Shakers, N. Y. It was about eighteen inches of grape vine, of Delaware variety, upon which he had, early in the spring, stuck an early Rose potato to prevent the vine from bleeding. The vine ¦had grown fuur or five feet from the ground, and the potato had sprouted, and maintaining its vitality had grown nearly all over its surface, curious mongrel fruit resembling equally well, potatoes and grapes, perhaps to the number of fifty. The green foliage around the fruit was equally mixed, half and half of potato and grape leaves. It is the purpose M.AJSTIWttS'FO. THE SHARER 3O9 of the Elder, we learn, to try his hand at bringing into use, either a potato with a grape skin, or a grape as large as a potato; and we wish him success in either case. Oatmeal as an article of diet... Oatmeal as an Article Of Diet.—It is surprising how enormously the consumption of oatmeal has increased in our cities within the past few years ; but we suspect that its merits as a cheap and highly nutritious food are not so generally appreciated in the country. Every one knows how generally it is eaten in Scotland, and in some parts of England it is equally popular as an article of diet. A correspondent of an English paper says : 'In West Cumberland, Westmoreland, and North Lancashire, especially in the rural parts, it forms the staple of our food, not only amongst the laboring classes, but also in the families of tradesmen and the well-to-do; the children of most of them have porridge at least once a day. For the past forty years I have made my breakfast of a pint of oatmeal porridge, with very rare exceptions, and nothing else, fasting for four hours afterwards. If, however, I take any other form of breakfast, I find myself very hungry before the next meal, which is never the case when I have had my porridge. I feel assured that if the laborers of the southern counties, with their children, w uld but take a basin of oatmeal and milk porridge night and morning, with such other food as they can procure in the interval, we should have a much stronger and healthier race of men and women than now exists. A few years ago I had a Devonshire girl living with me as a servant. The girl was willing enough to work, but had not the stamina to perform it. This I found, on questioning her, arose from the deficient and ill-advised diet on which she had been reared. She shortly began to take her porridge night and morning, and this, with a daily mid-day meal of meat, enabled her to perform her duties with ease,' A very fair oak stain may be produced by... A very fair oak stain may be produced by equal parts of potash and pearlash, say two ounces of each to about a quart of water. Keep it corked up in a bottle, and it is always ready for use ; if it strikes too deep a color, add more water.