Correspondence Editor Shaker Manifesto:... Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. F. W. Evans Editor Shaker Manifesto : At Freeville, N. Y. Sept. 29th, the writer, in company with Emil Bretzner, attended an all day meeting, a sequence of the Watkins Convention. The Watkins Convention was a Liberal League Meeting, the object being to reform and progress the American Government as a Republican Institution, to make it the Utopia of the Reformer and the New Earth of the Theologian. Materialism was in the ascendant, with the leaders, and Spiritualism, with the people. The consequence was, the Spiritualists projected and managed the Freeville meeting in, and to subserve their own interests. Stebbins was Chairman and Peebles a principal speaker. The Shakers had no cause to complain, of want of courtesy, time nor opportunity. It was a pleasant day. The attendance numbered about 2,000, would have been 4,000, had it not rained just at the hour of starting from.the people's homes. As it was, it proved a most harmonious, happy assembly. Cordial greetings and kind wishes were the order of the hour at parting. I was much impressed by the Religious sensation evident among the attendants, particularly the feminines who were seriously and sensibly affected by a certain class of truths pertaining to social life. Many grateful feelings to the Shakers were expressed, with remarks that they should go home and be better men and women, better husbands and wives, better fathers and mothers, than ever before. A John Baptist spirit is evidently at work among Spiritualists. The lectures of some of the feminine Speakers, who have spoken plain truths to plain people, and for which the Orthodox censure them, are producing practical results. A Christ Baptism will be in order, when the way is more fully pre- pared. Jeremiah, 51 : 21, 'Israel is my battle-axe and weapon of war. With thee will I break in pieces the husbandman and his yoke of oxen—private property, the captain and ruler, the war power—Man and Woman, the young man and the virgin—the marriage re- lation. With thee, I will dash nations together and destroy kingdoms.' It might be ad- ded, With thee, I will build the waste places and comfort those who mourn. With thee, I will restore again, in a Religious Community, all the good, minus the evil, of individuality. The reproductive order will be supplanted, as Jacob supplanted Esau, by the Spiritual Resurrection of the True Gospel Order. Help One Another The race of mankind would perish did they cease to aid each other. From the time that the mother binds the child's head, till the moment that some kind assistant wipes the death-damp from the brow of the dying, we cannot exist without mutual help. All, therefore, who need aid, have a right to ask it from their fellowmortals ; no one who holds the power of granting can refuse without guilt. Sir Walter Scott