PRAYER AND POTATOES An old lady sat in her old arm-chair, With wrinkled visage, disheveled hair, And hunger-worn features; For days and for weeks her only fare, As she sat in her old arm-chair, Had been potatoes. But now they were gone ; of bad or good, Not one was left for the old lady's food, Of those potatoes; And she sighed and said, 'What shall I do? Where shall I send, and to whom shall I go For more potatoes?' And she thought of the deacon over the way, The deacon so ready to worship and pray, Whose cellar was full of potatoes, [come, And she said, 'I will send for the deacon to He'll not mind much to give me some Of such a store of potatoes.' And the deacon came over as fast as he could, Thinking to do the old lady some good, But never, for once, of potatoes; He asked her at once what was her chief want, And she, poor soul, expecting a grant, Immediately answered, 'Potatoes.' But the deacon's religion didn't lie that way; He was more accustom'd to preach and to pray Than to give of his hoarded potatoes ; [said So, not hearing, of course what the old lady He rose to pray with uncovered head, But she only thought of potatoes. He prayed for patience and wisdom and grace, But when he prayed, 'Lord give her peace,' She audibly sighed, 'give potatoes;' At the end of each ].rayer which he said, He heard, or thought that he heard in its stead The same request for potatoes. [do, The deacon was troubled; knew not what to 'Twas very embarrassing to have her act so About 'those carnal potatoes.' So, ending his prayer, he started for home, But as the door closed, he heard a deep groan, 'Oh, give to the hungry potatoes.' And that groan followed him all the way home In the midst of the night it haunted his room, 'O, give to the hungry potatoes !' He could bear it no longer, arose and dress'd, From his well-filled cellar taking in haste A bag of his best potatoes. SI-IATiKJR M-AJSTrFICSTO. 3O6 THJE SHAKBE Again, he went to the widow's lone hut; Her sleepless eyes she had not yet shut; But there she sat, in that old arm-chair, [air, With the same wan features; the same sad And, entering, he poured on the floor A bushel or more from his goodly store Of choice potatoes. TIih widow's heart leaped up for joy, Her face was haggard and wan no more. 'Now,' said the deacon, 'shall we pray?' 'Yes' said the widow, 'Now you may,' And he kneel'd him down on the sanded floor, Where he poured this goodly store, And such a prayer the deacon prayed As never before his lips essayed; No longer embarrassed, but free and full, He poured out the voice of a liberal soul, And the widow responded a loud 'Amen,' But said no more of potatoes. And would you who hear this simple tale, Pray for the poor, and praying 'prevail,' Then preface your prayers with alms &amp; deeds ; Search out the poor their wants &amp; their needs, Pray for peace, and grace, and spiritual food, [good, For wisdom, and guidance, for all these are But don't forget the potatoes.