Selected Plain Talk from a Public Paper The diversion of thought and energy toward these dreams of a king coming in the clouds is a waste of spiritual force which the community cannot afford. The community just at this time needs all the service the Church can give in training men in fidelity to their duties here and now. The sober fact that should force itself on religious men is that the churches have largely failed in training their members in the virtues which are most essential to a society like ours. . . The hard fact which every week's news bring home, is that church membership is no guarantee that a man is faithful in public life or upright in business. But it ought to be. The Church is bound to show that it does not hold devotedness and liberality to be in any sort substitutes for integrity. Its teach- ers are bound to preach honesty and faithfulness, not merely in general propositions, but in practical, searching demands. What does honesty require of a salesman? How far ought one to consider his customer's interest in a bargain? Does a man owe his creditors anything beyond what the law will exact? What are the moral obligations of a holder of trust funds? How far are the accepted methods in politics consistent with high prin- ciple? These are the things the ministers should concern themselves and their hearers with, for these are matters of daily duty,— vital if Christ were coming to-morrow, vital if He should never come at all among clouds and angels. Springfield Republican. The Martyrdom of Huss The martyrdom of John Huss is thus related by Draper: 'He was then made to kneel down and receive his sentence. It condemned his writings and his body to the NL .AJSHGET'ESTO. the; shakee 3O7 flames. He was then degraded and despoiled of his orders. Some of the bishops mocked at him; some merciful, implored him to recant. They cut his hair in the form of a cross and set upon his head a high paper crown on which devils were painted, 'We devote thy soul to the devils in hell.' 'And I commend my soul to the most merciful Lord Christ Jesus.' He was then led'forth. They passed by the bishop's palace -where Plugs' books were burning.. As they tied him with a piece of chain to his stake the painted crown fell off, but the soldiers replaced it. 'Let him and his devils be burned together.' As the flames burnt over him he chanted psalms and prayed to the redeemer.' Can that be true which requires for its support the murder of a true man? FUNERAL EULOGIES Said a certain man of parts and great vices : 'Do not let such a minister speak at my funeral, for he will lie in my favor : nor such a one, for he will gloat over my sins ; but get a man of sense, that will leave me with God and posterity and say a tender word to my family.' The praising of bad or equivocal men by the press or the pulpit has a bad effect on youth, by instilling into their minds the feeling that there is, after all, no radical distinction between the good and the bad. We live in an age of pleasant frauds... We live in an age of pleasant frauds. Russia leather is made in Connecticut, Bordeaux wine is manufactured on Kelley's Island, French lace is woven in New York, Italian marble is dug in Kentucky, Marseilles linen is produced in Massachusetts, English cassimere is made in New Hampshire, Parisian art work comes from a shop in Boston, Spanish mackerel are caught on the New Jersey coast, and Havana cigars are xrolled by the million in Detroit. And for practical purposes it is of small account. 'A rose by any other name,' etc. But if one is troubled by a notion that things are only valuable if genuine—that shams are inherently and forever wrong and annoying—why then he must cultivate exceeding shrewdness, and nqt hope to get things 'cheap.' 'god bless our home.' It is well enough to hang up a chromo with 'God Bless our Home' on it, but it will do no harm to help on the matter by a little less fretting. A great many people ask the Lord to do what they won't lift their little fingers to do themselves. Why The World Hates Christians It is an utter delusion to suppose that there is any innate response to the perfect moral purity, or any innate admiration of ' 'the true, the pure, the just, the kind, the good, and the beautiful,' in the heart of man. God gave man, 1,800 years ago, a perfect pattern of purity, truth, and love, in the person of our Lord while he was upon earth. And yet we are told he was 'hated.' True Christians must never be surprised if they are 'hated' like their Lord. 'The disciple is not above his Master.'—'Marvel not, my brethren, if the world hate you.' (Matt. x. 24; John iii. 13.) In fact, the more like Christ they are, the more likely to be 'hated.' Moreover, they must not be cast down, and make themselves miserable, under the idea that it is their inconsistencies the world hates, and that if they were more consistent and lovely in life, the world would like them better. This is a complete mistake, and a common delusion of the devil. What the world hates about Christians is neither their doctrines nor their faults, but their holy lives. Their lives are a constant testimony against the world, which makes the men of the world feel uncomfortable, and therefore the world hates them. Let us note, that unpopularity among men is no proof that a Christian is wrong, either in faith or practice. The common notion of many, that it is a good sign of a person's character to be well-spoken of by everybody, is a great error. When we ^see how our Lord was regarded by the wicked and worldly of His day, we may well conclude that it is a very poor compliment to be told that we are liked by everybody. Montreal Star.