ITEMS OF INTEREST Sometime ago Chicago ejected from its public schools all books... Sometime ago Chicago ejected from its public schools all books containing the names of God, Christ, and other religious terms. An effort lately made to repeal such action, was quite unsuccessful. Chicago means to keep Church and State separate, and in this is a model city. New Haven's school board, decided... New Haven's school board, decided to dispense with the uses of Bible, Prayers, Psalms, Hymns or religious songs in any of the city schools; by so doing it 'renders unto God the things that are His' in their proper place. Here is what Prof. Swing... Here is what Prof. Swing has to say of the yellow fever: The yellow fever is only the general unreasonableness of city existence. It is a final outbreak of pent up forces. The human constitution can endure dirt and bad food and bad air for a time. A powerful race may resist disease for ten or twenty years, but at last the steps become feeble and the enemy in the air and in the blood makes the assault. We call this enemy yellow fe- ver, or small-pox, or cholera, or scurvy, or plague, but under any of these names it is only the final shape of unwisdom. Man looks after his commerce and neglects his physical laws. We honor Elder F. W. Evans... We honor Elder I\ W. Evans for his energetic defense, in the Watkins Convention, of the physical manifestations. A correspondent who was present informs us that Mr. Evans did so 'with all the grandeur of an old Roman orator.'—Banner of Light. DOCTRINE Jesus was the Corner Stone of a Temple built of Celibates who called nothing their own, they having all property in common, and who would not fight, because they loved their neighbors as they loved themselves. Oliver Prentiss The Shaker Manifesto for June comes to us full of good things... Says the Harbinger of Light, Melbourne, Australia: The Shaker Manifesto for June comes to us full of good things, live ideas and spiritualizing thoughts. How little the world knows of the principles of these good people. We should like to get subscribers for their representative paper, and will send for some specimen copies, to distribute gratis to those who want to know what the Shakers are. The following tribute was paid to the cousin... The following tribtite was paid to the cousin of our Elder H. L. Eades. The additional letter in the latter's name was added by an uncle of theirs : Captain Eads, who built the St. Louis bridge and the Mississippi jetties, has been presented by the Brazilian Minister with an autograph letter from the Emperor Dora Pedro, in French, requesting him to come to Brazil. The Emperor says that the Brazilian government is in need of an engineer experienced in the improvement and navigation of rivers, and highly compliments Eads on his ability. A PERFUMED CHURCH The wonderful and beautiful building known as the Mosque of St. Sophia, in Con- stantinople, is always fragrant with the odor of musk, has been so for hundreds of years (ever since it was rebuilt), and nothing has since been done to keep it perfumed. How do you suppose this wonder has been performed ? In the year 538—more than a thousand years ago—the mortar with which it is built was charged with musk, and there it is to this day! HE DIED RICH How hard some men strive all their lives to have it said of them when they have passed hence—'he died rich!' Relatives and friends who are left behind seem to consider it a compliment to the dead to dwell upon the theme—'he died rich!'; M^NTF'ES'TO. THE 3O5 And now comes up the question. Is it an honor to a man to die rich? Is the world any better for a man to die rich than it would 3&gt;e if the same man died poor? Is the man any happier in the next life on account of it? If the spirit is conscious after death, is it any satisfaction to that spirit, in the other life, to know that he left a hundred thousand or two for his relatives to quarrel over, and Jbreak his will over, and on account of which they are to be at swords points with each other through all time?—Hudson Register. LOSING, FOR THE GAIN OF OTHERS Reformatory periodicals are nowhere a pecuniary success. If put forth from such motives, failure is the most common of consequences. We publish and circulate The rManifesto at less than cost; and while pleading for an increasing subscription list, T^e mean to return more than we ask. The selfish and self-seeking, are blinded to the fruitful prospects that come from 'casting bread upon the waters,' because no immediate profits accrue to them. ' What have you done for others?' will be very poorly responded to by some, when this question shall ding in their ears in the eternal world, and the answer will be : 'Only what I was forced to!'' The Oneida Community published The Circular one year, at a loss of $2400.00; while our loss may yet ' prove more imaginary than real. IDLE BOYS AND GIRLS Idleness is the mother of vice, and a boy or girl who is allowed to grow up in idleness is pretty sure to be a vicious man or woman. The parents of such children have a fearful responsibility resting upon them when they let them run about at late hours of the night instead of keeping them at home, reading good newspapers and books, and training them into moral habits, so as to become respectable, instead of idlers, rum-drinkers, loafers, and gamblers, and worse which are sure to be the case vith the night-runners and day-idlers, and then the responsibility is increased. Give the children plenty to do, and you will preserve their morals. Better ¦a tired body than a vitiated mind.—Ex. PRAYER AND POTATOES An old lady sat in her old arm-chair, With wrinkled visage, disheveled hair, And hunger-worn features; For days and for weeks her only fare, As she sat in her old arm-chair, Had been potatoes. But now they were gone ; of bad or good, Not one was left for the old lady's food, Of those potatoes; And she sighed and said, 'What shall I do? Where shall I send, and to whom shall I go For more potatoes?' And she thought of the deacon over the way, The deacon so ready to worship and pray, Whose cellar was full of potatoes, [come, And she said, 'I will send for the deacon to He'll not mind much to give me some Of such a store of potatoes.' And the deacon came over as fast as he could, Thinking to do the old lady some good, But never, for once, of potatoes; He asked her at once what was her chief want, And she, poor soul, expecting a grant, Immediately answered, 'Potatoes.' But the deacon's religion didn't lie that way; He was more accustom'd to preach and to pray Than to give of his hoarded potatoes ; [said So, not hearing, of course what the old lady He rose to pray with uncovered head, But she only thought of potatoes. He prayed for patience and wisdom and grace, But when he prayed, 'Lord give her peace,' She audibly sighed, 'give potatoes;' At the end of each ].rayer which he said, He heard, or thought that he heard in its stead The same request for potatoes. [do, The deacon was troubled; knew not what to 'Twas very embarrassing to have her act so About 'those carnal potatoes.' So, ending his prayer, he started for home, But as the door closed, he heard a deep groan, 'Oh, give to the hungry potatoes.' And that groan followed him all the way home In the midst of the night it haunted his room, 'O, give to the hungry potatoes !' He could bear it no longer, arose and dress'd, From his well-filled cellar taking in haste A bag of his best potatoes. SI-IATiKJR M-AJSTrFICSTO. 3O6 THJE SHAKBE Again, he went to the widow's lone hut; Her sleepless eyes she had not yet shut; But there she sat, in that old arm-chair, [air, With the same wan features; the same sad And, entering, he poured on the floor A bushel or more from his goodly store Of choice potatoes. TIih widow's heart leaped up for joy, Her face was haggard and wan no more. 'Now,' said the deacon, 'shall we pray?' 'Yes' said the widow, 'Now you may,' And he kneel'd him down on the sanded floor, Where he poured this goodly store, And such a prayer the deacon prayed As never before his lips essayed; No longer embarrassed, but free and full, He poured out the voice of a liberal soul, And the widow responded a loud 'Amen,' But said no more of potatoes. And would you who hear this simple tale, Pray for the poor, and praying 'prevail,' Then preface your prayers with alms &amp; deeds ; Search out the poor their wants &amp; their needs, Pray for peace, and grace, and spiritual food, [good, For wisdom, and guidance, for all these are But don't forget the potatoes. A Good Law The State of Indiana made a law in 1835, that for every profane and blasphemous use of the name of God, Jesus Christ or other sacred names, a fine of not less than one, nor more than three dollars shall be levied. Good; now let this law be attended to, or let its swearers pay off its share of the National debt.