MOUNTAINS MARTHA J. ANDERSON Great offspring of the Globe! what mighty throes Upheaved in pyramids such massive piles, And knit the granite substance, till it formed Enduring monuments of passing time. In firmly welded links the giant chains Encompass lands, and bound the coast Where restless ocean's stormy billows roll, Or calmer seas reflect their grand repose. What altitudes! what towering heights sublime! Grey, cragged clifi's and steep escarpments bare, Plateaus outspread like broad savannas lie, And peaks majestic, wear their gleaming crowns. SHAKER MANIFESTO. the; shaker manifesto. In regions of eternal ice and snow; Or where the torrid rays directly fall, Volcanic craters pour their fiery blast, Engulfing cities, and destroying plains. Sad records tell that thus fair Pompeii fell; And Herculaneum shared her wretched fate. What awe-inspiring feelings thrill the mind, When contemplation touches on a theme So rich in beauty and diversity, In viewless range, outstretching finite sight. Of all the features of the landscape scene, The mountains most conspicuous do appear; Their wooded slopes—in living verdure bright— Conserve the moisture of the atmosphere, While from their rocky crevices and clefts, Gush forth the limpid springs, which overflow The smiling valleys, and the desert waste Which lies afar from fertile, woodclad hills, Where sunbeams scorch, but clouds disdain To stoop, when freighted with refreshing showers. From white capped crest, where golden shafts descend) The noble cascade leaps in weird delight; From dizzy heights it foams and dashes down, Resounding through the canyons solemn depths; Then, mingling in the dark abyss below, The echo of its music dies away In the calm silence of the lonely wild. Deep flowing rivers have their secret source In springs, or lakes that nestle in the hills; Or, in the myriad streams that rippling flow From upland turf, and fern-leaved moss grown rocks, Where spreading trees preclude the burning heat. O sacred shade ! and blissful solitude! The saints and sages of the long ago, Turned from the din of worldly elements, And sought retreat, where nature all serene Mocked the fierce strife of human passions base; Where, dense primeval forests intertwined, Or, in seclusion of some darksome cave, They paid their vows at virtue's holy shrine. Some dwelt as anchorites, in narrow cells Built in the fastnesses of mountain sides; While others chose the quiet shady groves, In which to teach the broad, unfolding truths Of life's religion, and philosophy. When polytheistic tendencies o'erruled The undeveloped intellect of man, Unnumbered gods were fashioned, in the mould Of mortal fancy's vague, distorted forms; And altars to their worship were dispersed Among the lovely grottoes of the hills. The classic bards sang of Olympia fair— Abode of gods—whose apex reached to heaven; Of Helicon, the muses blest retreat, And famed Parnassus—'neath Apollo's rule— Where inspirations of divinity, Through living oracles revealed to man The truth of his eternal destiny. The ancient nations of the mystic East, In centuries preceding human lore, Hewed from the solid quartz at mountain base, Their spacious subterranean fanes; These were adorned with wondrous works of art, Colossal forms and emblematic signs; With paintings highly wrought in changeless hues Appeared upon the walls in bold relief; And though the blight of time has o'er them passed, A study and a marvel still remain. Historic races had their origin Among the rugged highlands of the North; Born with a conquering energy of will, They pressed their way diverse from peopled lands, And founded nationalities their own. From orient to Occident, is traced The onward march of the advancing host, Where empires rise, and civic law prevails, And youthful science waves her magic wand. Imagination, wrapped in silken robes, May revel still in mythologic dreams; Where palm trees wave and nature drops her sweets Content to rest on the unchanging past. But sterner qualities on reason built, Uprose like Rome upon her seven hills, And gave new impulse to progressive life. No more the slave of superstitious fear, Nor manicled by olden, honored rites, Man stands a man and claims the right to think. With stimulated active powers of mind, Inventive genius sways the growing West; It plows the waves, and spans the trackless waste, Through depths unseen the strange electric wire Winds coral reefs, and pearl-embedded vales, And bears intelligence from shore to shore. The mountains rest no more in quietude; The antelope and deer the forests flee; And the wild hunter—crushed in hope forlornRetreats, with bow and arrows at his side; For lo! the iron horse succeeds the chase, And traverses the pathless, rocky track, Where the proud eagle thought her nest secure; Or, thundering through the very heart of hills, It starts the beast from out his hidden lair, And in its train, come all the arts Of civilized and complicated life. While continents shall clasp magnetic hands, And glittering steel unite all lands as one, Can we not pray that love's fraternal bands, May thus cement the nations of the earth? Thus through the interchange of wealth and thought, The brotherhood of man shall stronger be. Religion, Science, intcrblending truths, Broad in expression, yet shall meet the needs And mould humanity harmoniously; Then 'beautiful upon the mountain's height,'1 Will be the feet of those who gladly bear The tidings of a universal peace; That, like the morning dawn, shall greet The hills and vales of every land, And make the world, a paradise of love. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.