Editorial Notes CLOSE OF VOLUME EIGHT With this number, closes the eighth volume of our Monthly,—the ninetysixth issue of the Shaker, Shakeress and Manifesto. It is circulated to and 3OO THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. through the world at much less than cost, being largely sustained by the consecrated contributions of a most unselfish people. That it requires more faith, generosity and hope than some have in possession, to see the necessity and duty of thus 'casting our bread on the waters' of humanity, with an assurance of 'its return after many days, with blessings added an hundred fold,' still we mean to live on. We will greet our friends, patrons, and at least a thousand more new readers with the beginning of volume nine—parties outside of our church having volunteered at their expense to circulate so many ! We ask a continuance of kindly remembrance in prayers ; and that these prayers may be so deep, fervent, unselfish and effectual, that they may be feelingly experienced, by cheerful givers to the support and continuance of our one little missionary, The Manifesto ; and we are confident, God will DEAL WITH ITS SUSTAINERS AS LIBERALLY. OUR ANTIDOTE FOR SIN The world do not like' Shaker testimony, nor do we think it strange. Radical Christianity never did please the world-loving. 'Even so we speak,' said the early apostles, 'not to please men, but God' by delivering what is best for them., regardless of perverted tastes. But there are thousands on thousands, who feel accordingly grate- ful for our testimony of selfdenial, in the degree they practice it. Thousands now admit, and millions more will do the same, that Selfdenial to worldly lusts, to unmanly and unwomanly perversions in worldly, unchristian pleasures, is a certain antidote to sin ; and without it, there is no Christ in us, no Savior for us, nor salvation unto higher, Christian life. 1880 1880. It is worthy of observation and particular notice, that among an unusually large number of prophets and prophetesses abroad in the world, there appears to be a peculiar concentration upon the year 1880 for the consummation of something, that will be extraordinarily awakening in religious circles. It occurs to us, also, that many Shaker prophecies, uttered many years since, come to their conclusion in that year. We shall see : That the world needs a universal revival of genuine religious, Christian practices, in love and purity of life, no one doubts. That Christ will appear in 1880 or sooner, to some and perhaps many individuals we have no doubts whatever; and we would be most happy to chronicle such appearances in 1879, or even give unmistakable evidences, in volume nine that the day of Jubilee would assuredly dawn in 1880! 'Oh, that He would come !' Mountains. It was Bryant who wrote: 'The groves were God's first temples, etc.' but our talented sister, M. J. A. of the North Family, Mt. Lebanon, would almost persuade us in her poem, that the mountains claim the distinction of first and best. One reason, and a strong reason too, for our uniting in her opinion is, that the first, best sermon we ever heard of, was delivered 'On the Mount.' DESERVING PRAISE We would call the attention of our THE SHAKER 3O1 readers to the first paper of this number, contributed by our young friend, Henry T. Clough; who though lately arrived in his teens, expresses much good judgment and sound sense. We also take this opportunity of returning our sincere thanks for many kind letters received by us, from many of our elderly and young people, but which are too personally respectful to be expressed by type ; but for which we shall ever hold the donors ir happy remembrances.