RELIGION ELDRESS A. DOOLITTLE Religion is the staff of life upon which the soul can lean for support as it journeys through the low lands, in the rudimental sphere of existence, where are thorns and briars—the product of sinful deeds of violated law through ignorance or otherwise, and while striving to climb the rough hills of progression to more cultivated fields of expanded thought, and concentrated action. True Religion is a staff that cannot be broken ; there is a divinity in it that never changes ; its sweet tones can be heard far above all inharmonious sounda of changing theologies from age to age which have been formed and re-formed to meet existing conditions of the people, whom they represent for the time being. As the people change, forms of theology change ; but Religion embodies all that is essentially true and good. It is the home of God-like attributes, and is the offspring of Deity. Jesus was a chosen Medium to represent the heaven-born child in a more perfected form of character than earth's children had been previously prepared to receive ; and as far as he was the exponent of those divine principles by being identified with them in precept and example, He was the Son of God—the Christ—a Savior and Emancipator to other souls. They who are the most deeply and sincerely eii^safef. +.: find the Rock THE SHAKER, MANIFESTO. THE SHAKER 391 whence issue living waters that will cleanse and heal the soul of all sin contracted disease, and perfect it in holiness, feel the least disposed to contend about the personal superadded name affixed, whether king, prince or ruler; but are careful to understand his mission, and copy his divine example ; and from it to gain spiritual knowledge and wealth, by strict conformity thereto. It is good to be zealously affected in a righteous cause and to listen to the voice of conscience ; but conscience unaided by reason is not a sure guide ; and if reason and conscience are brought into conjoint relation, both need to be imbued with the power of true Religion, and to take counsel of higher intelligences whose dwelling is in holier spheres; then, the high-way of truth will ever be open, which unclean beasts and birds cannot find, nor false theologies fetter and bind those who walk therein. The higher souls rise in the scale of progression, the better able they are to eee and conserve the good of the past, to use and not abuse the present, and to prepare for the increasing future ; and they feel that they can safely trust the keeping of truths yet to be revealed, in the fulness of time, to that power that has hitherto guided and guarded the destiny of nations, knowing that all will be well done in proper time and season. Old decaying forms of thought, that possessed life and were fresh and beautiful in their day, will not be lost, but will fall like ripe seed into properly prepared soil—take root and produce fruit and flowers in more perfected forms and varieties. Religion is the soul's dearest friend, av:r] will bear it onward and K-warthrough all the vicissitudes of the. terrestrial sphere of existence, and guide it safely over the waves of changing theologies and consequent controversies and agitations into the quiet Port of the soul's rest, where Truth is the crowned victor, and God reigns supremely. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.