ITEMS OF INTEREST Sometime ago Chicago ejected from its public schools all books... Sometime ago Chicago ejected from its public schools all books containing the names of God, Christ, and other religious terms. An effort lately made to repeal such action, was quite unsuccessful. Chicago means to keep Church and State separate, and in this is a model city. New Haven's school board, decided... New Haven's school board, decided to dispense with the uses of Bible, Prayers, Psalms, Hymns or religious songs in any of the city schools; by so doing it 'renders unto God the things that are His' in their proper place. Here is what Prof. Swing... Here is what Prof. Swing has to say of the yellow fever: The yellow fever is only the general unreasonableness of city existence. It is a final outbreak of pent up forces. The human constitution can endure dirt and bad food and bad air for a time. A powerful race may resist disease for ten or twenty years, but at last the steps become feeble and the enemy in the air and in the blood makes the assault. We call this enemy yellow fe- ver, or small-pox, or cholera, or scurvy, or plague, but under any of these names it is only the final shape of unwisdom. Man looks after his commerce and neglects his physical laws. We honor Elder F. W. Evans... We honor Elder I\ W. Evans for his energetic defense, in the Watkins Convention, of the physical manifestations. A correspondent who was present informs us that Mr. Evans did so 'with all the grandeur of an old Roman orator.'—Banner of Light. DOCTRINE Jesus was the Corner Stone of a Temple built of Celibates who called nothing their own, they having all property in common, and who would not fight, because they loved their neighbors as they loved themselves. Oliver Prentiss The Shaker Manifesto for June comes to us full of good things... Says the Harbinger of Light, Melbourne, Australia: The Shaker Manifesto for June comes to us full of good things, live ideas and spiritualizing thoughts. How little the world knows of the principles of these good people. We should like to get subscribers for their representative paper, and will send for some specimen copies, to distribute gratis to those who want to know what the Shakers are. The following tribute was paid to the cousin... The following tribtite was paid to the cousin of our Elder H. L. Eades. The additional letter in the latter's name was added by an uncle of theirs : Captain Eads, who built the St. Louis bridge and the Mississippi jetties, has been presented by the Brazilian Minister with an autograph letter from the Emperor Dora Pedro, in French, requesting him to come to Brazil. The Emperor says that the Brazilian government is in need of an engineer experienced in the improvement and navigation of rivers, and highly compliments Eads on his ability.