A SHAKER MEETING [In a most absurd and impossible story, running through a few numbers of The Atlantic, the following facts are culled from among much dirty fiction It is a well-known fact that the Jamestown Weed, or Stinlt Weed, contains much honey. As a bee seeking honey among most nauseous surroundings, so we present the good and true, leaving the passion-awakening and silly to die without good company. The following excerpts illustrate, pretty correctly, the public, religious services of all Shakers.—Ed.] 'As he drew near the village, he heard the toll of a bell, and was surprised by the sight of a procession crossing the road from one of the houses to the plain Meeting House opposite. He stopped in admiration. Two and two the women walked, carrying music books in their hands, and dressed now in quiet-colored, delicate gowns which hung in straight folds, but were rendered singu- larly beautiful by the addition of the soft, silk kerchief about the neck; while the head was inclosed in a snug cap, which could not be called lovely in itself, yet had an undeniable harmony with the rest of the dress. The placid manner and quiet dignity of the little procession, moving under the blue sky, brought a singular sense of quiet to him, and as they entered the Meeting House, he suddenly resolved to follow them and see what their service was like. Some wagons and carriages stood near by, and strangers—world's people—were moving into the little building. He followed through the men's door and seated himself upon one of the benches set apart for outsiders. The whole company of men and women were standing in opposite rows and singing, a few holding music books, but most familiar with music and words. The hymn sung was introductory to the service, which began with the reading of a chapter from the New Testament by one of the elders. The chief part of the service, however, was in the combined music and marching, or dancing, as it might sometimes be called. By some understanding, the company quietly formed, eight young men and women occupying the center of the room in an oval figure, the remainder disposed in two circles outside the smaller one; this small circle was stationary, and seemed to form a choir ; the song was started by it, and the two circles began moving round it, the inner in an opposite direction to that taken by the outer. The choir members held their hands before them with uplifted palms, and gently let them rise and fall to the cadences of the music. So, also, did the two circles of marchers, and the singing was carried on not only by the choir, but by so many of the marchers as were possessed of musical powers ; while those who could not sing moved their lips with the words of the song and seemed to share in the singing. 7 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. When the song was ended, the double procession stopped, each member in place, and all, choir and marchers, swept their hands downward and by a gesture appeared to arrest the music. Then, after a pause, either new singing with a resumption of the marching would begin, or some one would speak a few words of thanksgiving or exhortation. ' It was the first time that he had ever been within the Shaker meeting house, and lie was surprised into a spirit of reverence. Whatever of the grotesque had been asso- ciated with the service in his mind, from the descriptions he had heard, disappeared in the actual presence of these sincere men and women. It is true that now and then he had to repress a smile, as some peculiar earnestness of expression turned its odd side toward him, and he thought also that he detected certain sleepy and perfunctory movements on the part of some, as if their minds were on some remote occupation, perchance the gathering of roses for the distilled rose-water to be made shortly, or some like innocent occupation in their unexciting life ; but the congregation doubtless had its range of devotion, like other congregations. The main effect was of a simple-minded and simple-hearted people, who threw into this service a fervor which expressed the ideal of their life. To be neat and practical was not the whole of their religion ; for them also were aspirations and anticipations ; and sometimes, as they marched to the singing of a hymn which spoke of them as pilgrims on their way to a heavenly home, their faces were turned up with an eager, joyous look, their feet seemed only to touch the floor, and their hands pushed back the sordid world with an energetic gesture. It was at such times that he was thrilled with a sympathetic emotion. The rude singing and the quick movements of the marchers blended harmoniously, and his soul was fanned as it were by a breath from some distant sea. There were, besides, other times where the gestures, changing their meaning with the varying hymn, swept the world away and brought back heavenly presences, and the refrain was repeated again and again, so that the meaning was driven in upon one with renewed waves of feeling; and, finally, by a sudden movement,, the inner circle of singers was itself transformed into a moving circle, making three rings of worshipers, passing and repassing each other with rhythmic tread, and singing joyfully a triumphant song. He half closed his eyes, and the moving bodies before him seemed almost resolved into a cloud of witnesses, wavering under a divine power which swept it backward and forward across the heavenly field. ' There was doubtless in him a sensitiveness to subtle influences which made him easily affected by the spectacle. It was the visible and frank manifestation of emotions which he shared with others, but was rarely permitted to witness, because in most cases one needs first to express like emotions, and he by his constitutional shyness was prevented from soliciting or sharing in any exhibition of feeling. Besides', the humorous was not strongly developed in him, and very simple sentiment from his long brooding in solitude, had come to have an elemental force likely to be overlooked by persons more familiar with the process of expression and repression. In the scene before him he thought he was looking into depths of the human heart, just as in hearing a few chords of music he might believe himself listening to spheral harmonies. Perhaps it was because he was so sympathetic and responsive that the faces of the men and women were hallowed by a light not ordinarily seen by him. * * * * There were all ages present, from young, children to old men and women ; but the beauty of devotion never appears so fair as when residing in those who are heirs to all that the world can give, yet reach upward for more enduring delights. * * * * ' The Elder came forward as usual, and placing his hands together with a familiar gesture began what at first might more properly be called a meditation than an address: ''Jesus Christ said that if any man would be great among you he THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 9 should be your servant. The law of service is the law of supremacy. If I use my neighbor for my personal ends, I degrade him, but I degrade myself still more. I show that I am not free, that I am the slave of j my ambition, my appetite, my propensities. He is free who has learned to govern his propensities. The rich man has a propensity for property, and he gets it from the poor. The more he gets, the more he wants, and as the poor man grows poorer, the rich man grows richer and more and more unable to do without his riches. His wants are increased, and they increase faster than he can supply them. He becomes a slave to his avaricious desires, and sinks lower and lower. The politician ' has a propensity for power, and he gets it by using men; he makes them serve him while he professes to serve them; he never gives any thing except for a greater return. Every step he takes toward power brings him more under the control of other men; he binds himself by obligations, and when he gets supreme authority he finds that he has lost the right to call his soul his own, and he can do nothing without reference to meaner men. The selfish man has a propensity to gratify himself, and he seeks his end by shutting out everybody else from the participation of his pleasure. He will end by being himself shut out from the kingdom of heaven, an outcast who, seeking to gratify himself alone, finds that he has none of the things which he thought he had; that he has become a paralytic, unable to vise the power that had been given him. The people called Shakers have set themselves a higher law, the law' of service, and they have found that it has made them great by lifting them above the meaner desires that lead men captive. Are you rich ? Come to us and learn that no man is rich till he calls nothing his own, Are you a politician? Come to us and learn that no man is exalted until he has made himself a servant of all. Are you selfish? Do you look for your pleasure in those things that minister to your ease, to your intellectual gratification; yea, to your love of family, of wife and of children? Let me tell you that no man is worthy of the society of the head man of the race, Jesus Christ, who does not leave father and mother and wife and children to live as Christ lived, who called no man father and no man brother after the flesh; who did not marry, but loved all women with the pure love of a brother for his sisters. Come out and be ye separate from the world; crucify your lusts, conquer your propensities, and come into the higher manhood, where all are equal, and every one loves his neighbor as himself, instead of loving his neighbor for the sake of himself.' '