ANN LEE. HER WORK, HER PEOPLE, AND THEIR CRITICS. Tenth Paper. William Lee, brother of Mother Ann, was born in Manchester, in 1740, being four years younger than his honored sister. He followed in the line of business of his father, being a blacksmith. He was married ; had one .son. Of the wife or son we have been unable to gain but little information. He was at one time an officer of horse in the King's royal guard — the Oxford Blues. In his personal appearance he was above medium height, thick set, large limbs 10 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. and strong body. He commanded the respect, or won the confidence of all with whom he came in contact. He knew not what fear was ; and was notably ever placing himself in the van of the little Shaker company during the scenes of their bloodshed and persecution. Before adopting as his own the peculiar faith enunciated by his sister, he was a haughty, overbearing young man; fond of gay dress, and sought distinction in worldly glory. While under the influences of such aspirations, he ' was met on the way ' by a spirit of conviction that his was a very sinful life ; and after battling these convictions unsuccessfully, he visited his sister Ann, in hopes of relief, and found it, but not in the way he expected it! On meeting him, Ann rebuked him with severity for his pride, and showed him his dan. ger of longer continuing in sin. From this hour began a work with him which changed the whole tenor of his life, not only in an external line, but in all his intentions and internal labors. From the proudest youngster, he became the model of humility and self-abasement; from being unequally resentful, he became the most peace-lovingnon-combatant, but not without severe struggles; for when personally abused he, biting his lips, under self-control, was often heard to remark : ' Once upon a time you would not have dared to do that! ' That time was past, however, and instead of resisting, he became very harmless. We have record of an amusing scene occurring in Albany, N. Y., which, as it culminated very peacefully, we are left to conjecture how severely he was tried and how ' it might have been.' Being at work over his anvil, tUtere came into the shop a low ruffian, noted for being a brutal fighter. Urged on by others, he did every imaginable insult to William to provoke him to rage and a fight. William bore every thing until personal violence was commenced upon him, when, turning to his assailant, he said : ' Hold on ; if we must fight, let's make room for it!' and seizing hold of the large anvil with one hand he threw it in one corner, and then sotne heavy iron with the other, which, when his bullying antagonist observed, he slunk quickly away, saying he was '' not going to fight a man who could do that'' and was ever after jeered by his comrades. That he was physically powerful was fully demonstrated by a neighbor giving him a barrel of cider if he would carry it home ! Being assisted to shoulder it, he trudged nearly half a mile home with the 350 pounds. But he was the opposite of being quarrelsome, contentious or violent, excepting his extreme violence of labors and testimony against the powers of evil. In his labors of self-control he would work hard all day, and restrain himself from any remarks whatever. In all religious devotions he manifested a kind, fatherly spirit to those who were erring and to the young. A most grateful man for the commonest blessings, as bread, water, potatoes or meal, he would often eat every mouthful with tears and gratitude. He became very gifted in visions, in teaching of the faith, and encouraging the growth of good in others. He was a beautiful and powerful singer, and often ministered a revival power to a whole assembly through the beauties and powers of song. Although young and powerful in body, he was made to bear the brunt of ridicule and the personal violence of persecutors. And when these were administered he never shrunk from the fullest share. As a consequence he became ' a man of suffering,' carrying, as we have stated in a previous paper, the fracture of his skull for many months, down to his grave ; and was reduced through physical sufferings to the mere skeleton of a man, and from which condition he never rallied, but died, aged 44. Mother Ann Lee had other and noble supporters while she lived, others who, in consequence of their peculiar temperaments and education, became better known to the people, and very highly appreciated by her; but it is difficult for us to know how she could have succeeded in planting the seeds of her great testimony in America or elsewhere, without the assistance of this noble brother, William Lee. His remains lie at Shakers, N. Y., beside those of his sister, the spot being marked by a similar, plain slab, on which may be seen wf L.----ELDER WILLIAM LEE.