THE MILLENNIUM WATSON ANDREWS In conversation with one of the brethren lately, whose particular charge is in the temporal sphere, I was deeply impressed by a remark of his that the strong of a Christian community bless and support the weak in contradistinction to the common, worldly career, of grinding their faces and preying upon their weakness. How beautiful is this, thought I; how like the wisdom of God, to inaugurate a system on the earth, wherein the strong in mind and body should ever delight to bear the infirmities of the weak ! How unworldly is that prac- tice, where those blessed with more than ordinary powers of body or mind, not only experience it a duty, but a privilege, to contribute these for the support, guidance and blessing of 4 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. their less gifted fellows, instead of making their weakness a means of aggrandizement! Applying this idea to morals and spiritual conditions is the work of a Shaker Community ; and with these prosecuted intact, what remains to complete the coming of the long-desired Millennium ? There is sufficient talent among the worldly, to create a system, under which all will be amply provided for in all the necessaries of this life. What reason is there that this is not done ? Is it not the grasping selfishness of the more talented few, who aggrandize to themselves such a monopoly, that all indulgence and extravagance may be theirs, at the expense of poverty and sorrows of the less gifted and weak ? What is the world waiting for ? What will it have ? Here are presented to it principles that bring millennial blessings every day ; yet these are spurned, through excessive selfishness and hatred of self-denials. Through the principles and practices of 'live, and help us to live as well,' in all that pertains to a peaceful, godly life, Christ has already come, nor need we look' for another. Under such gospel precepts, a complete brotherhood is created — the Jew, the Infidel, the tribes of black, yellow and red skins, with all denominations of professing and non-professing religionists — all would be as one, each striving for the best good of all; all striving for the good, comfort and blessing of each. Such is the millennium aimed at in Shaker families ; where 'no one is set on high to sway an earthly sceptre ; where tyrants cannot come to reign, nor despots to rule ; the sick are ministered unto, and the decline of life, and those tottering with feeble knees, supported by loving hands and kinder hearts.' Such is pure Shakerism, removed from human selfishness. In it, there can be no scrambling for place nor power ; no other emolument sought nor expected but the blessing of those blessed ; no excessive exertion therein for purposes of self-exaltation ; no godly wants but are filled ; no need of crime for what is necessary ; no harbor for bloated wealth, nor corner for the poverty-stricken. Is the millennium desired ? Let any live the life of Jesus, the Christ, and the above practices will be put into practical operation. In Christ's life, and in the lives of those who pattern Jesus, are not all the conditions given necessary for the constitution of the millennium ? And does not the fact that such principles of life, as nearest represent Jesus Christ, are in practical operation, evidence that Christ has come ? that the millennium is here ? that selfishness, that ' accuser of the brethren,' is cast out, and that peace reigns? jV'. Union, 0.