THE TOMBS OF THE PROPHETS The prophets are noted for having very respectable sepulchres. Men fling stones at them when they are alive, and heap stones over them when they are dead. As long as a prophet is alive and faithful, standing for God and rebuking iniquity, so long he will be despised, hated, persecuted and scorned by the Scribes and Pharisees who claim to be the custodians of divine blessings and guardians of religious truth. ' Which of the prophets,' said Stephen, 'have not your fathers persecuted ? And they have slain them which had shown before of the coming of the Just One; of whom ye have been now the betrayers and murderers.' They answered his question by a volley of stones—their most convenient and most convincing argument. When once a prophet has been stoned, and is fairly out of the way, and likely to make no more trouble, then there is no special objection to making him respectable and honorable. The sons of the men who stone the prophet pass a subscription paper and raise money to build him a monument, and send half way round the world for a marble white enough to bear the name that was ' cast out as evil ' when the man was alive, and would be again if he were not entirely out of sight and hearing. Many a man whose life has been filled with bitterness and weariness by the spite and envy of those whom he sought to help and save, when dead and in his coffin has been pronounced 'an eminent saint' in the ' customary resolutions ' passed by the very men who had planted thorns in his pillow and briars in his path, and vexed his righteous soul from day to day with their unholy deeds. If we have any sympathy for the servants of God, it is better to put it into something warmer than grave-stones. Half the kind words that are spoken over men when dead, would add greatly to their comfort if uttered while they were alive; and the money squandered on the gorgeous tombs of the dead prophets might be more wisely spent in ministering to the comfort of their successors who yet live, and who are as little honored by the tomb-builders as their predecessors were by their fathers. The Common People