Editorial THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. THE WORLD'S NEED OF US Friends and Brethren : We greet you ! From a deep consciousness only, that there is yet a work for us to do; that there is a niche in the temple of thought which we should fill; that there is a more radically Christian testimony for us to deliver among many other testimonies called Christian ; that there is a higher life than the ordinary for us to illustrate to the world, and to elevate in the wilderness of sin a panacea for all sins—even to present the principle of SELF-DENTAL as the WOELD'S SAVIOUE —from these, and similar causes, or calls to duty, do we greet you again in the beginning of a new volume. Were there a publication more radically Christian jn its tone than is ours, we could better afford to retire from the field of journalism; and so soon as there shall reach our conscious feelings the tidings of a testimony that will reflect the Christ Spirit more fully than does ours, we will deem our labors in this line superfluous, and %CHtaxint THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 15 will unite with superior and more perfect labors. Among hundreds of theologies, which excuse their adherents from bearing their own crosses of self. denial ; which teach a reliance for salvation upon the death of a man, rather than in the life of Christ, we raise our Standard ; and upon this emblem there cannot be found any excuse for those who name Christ, or Christian, from departing their sinful ways, and living as Jesus, the Christ, lived. Self-denial was the saviour of Jesus ; and this made him Christ! Self-denial will be our saviour, if we are ever saved from our sins. The call of the Spirit of Gk)d, through Christianity, is : Let sin and the soul part company. Thus only can salvation be experienced. The people of the world too generally look for a salvation from the punishment of their sins ; but such will look in vain, until the causes are put away, that the effects, in punishments, may cease. The Shaker Manifesto will prove itself a benefactor, if it survives only to announce that there is no salvation, nor hopes of salvation, while souls will live in sin ; that Christian salvation means living without sin, and unto a resurrected life, ' that is hidden with Christ's' in godliness. More than this : Our testimony exceeds the boundaries of a testimony against a sinful life. It teaches a better way than the good of a worldly life—of a progress unto a heavenly, Christ life, where even the good of the worldly is relinquished for the unworldly. It treats of a harvest of souls, of the which Christ is the harvestman, 'and the angels are the reapers;' and as fast as individuals are ripe for this harvest, they are enabled to rise above the primal, animal plane of reproduction, into a life- pracfcice whose elements contain none of the dust of a life in the flesh. 'Freed from the law,' because living better than taught by the law. The Manifesto will announce Peace as better than the good and best in War ; and while it will chastise the evils of private possessions, and acknowledge the inferior good therein, it will urge as superior the communal life of the heavens, from which the spirit of mine is banished. Under these colors, throw Ave our flag to the breeze of the nations. Denouncing no good of the past—neither in Marriage, Selfish Relations nor War—but rising above these, it bears on its folds the hopes and possibility of a life on earth, of Virgin Celibacy, Nonresistance and Community of G-oods. And is there not room for us, and need of our testimony ? And will not those able to live Christ, receive it ? THE PRESENT RELIGIOUS SENSATION Since the Prophetic Conference, lately held in New York city, the subject of Christ's coming has been uppermost as a topic, riding on the religious waves of mind. Very many believe in an early advent of the personal Jesus. If this is possible, why should any object ? Many there are who believe that two advents have already been made; and are not the additional appearances of so good an individual desirable, and the more the better ? Among all the believers of Christ's coming, or of 16 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. his having come the second time, there is an unusual stir of anxiety upon the subject. Yet amid the deep interest apparently manifested by many, we confess there is only seen by us, a superficial position taken by the masses so believing, of the needs and consequences of such a coming. The coming of Christ to Jesus, and by his testimony the first time, the purpose was ft to save the people from their unchristian sins.' He came to some, delivered his testimony; lived, the pattern of a Christian; invited, 'follow me ;' and as the people followed him, so far they experienced the salvation he came to bring, no further. Have the people learned and imitated the first edition of Christianity so well, that a second is desired or demanded ? We trow not. Therefore, many millions, who are clamoring for a second coming of the Lord, realize but little, and practice less the purposes of the first advent. Do the people feel so desirous o$ being saved from their sinful and unchristian practices that they want Christ to come ? Again, we avow not; else, why not accept of his self-denying testimony and life, and gladly relinquish their abominable sins and worldly practices, which alone' hide Christ from the soul, and prevent an oft appearance ? It is with sorrow that we testify that the people love their sins ; do not wish to be parted from them ! When they shall hate sin, and want to be saved from its practices, then we gladly testify Christ will come to them ; hut never before ! The annunciation of Christianity has been made; the model for Christians to pattern ; accepting the testimony, and living the life of Jesus, prepare souls for further developments of the Christ; for many advents, and the more the better. When people experience the purposes of Christ's first mission, they will reform their lives, abstain from sin and practice that which Jesus' life presented. This will be the evidence that the first appearance has been made; and until this evidence is given, let none look with any hope for a second experience. How many millions have heard of Christ's first appearance ! how very few know of that appearance by personally experiencing the abiding of Christ's spirit! There cannot be a second until there, has been a first. Who has experienced th.efirst? let such anticipate a second appearance of Christ, and so on. True, Christ, that made its appearance to Jesus and disciples of auld lang syne, will yet visit every soul, when prepared for the visitation. The evidence of this visitation will be pro- claimed by conviction for sins, and a conversion into a life that will resemble Christ in Jesus. True, a second advent will occur, ' every eye will see him' ; not simultaneously, but as soon as prepared by the testimony in life of the first appearance. As the light gradually breaks upon the darkness ; as the warmth of solar ray, progresses seasons and vegetation ; as the acquisition of learning and experience, as the sickening tire of sinful life and earnest longings for power to live as angels live; almost unconsciously, imperceptibly, but nevertheless certainly, will we all yet find Christ 'knocking' at the doors of our con- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. sciences. ' Then shall two men be in the field, two women grinding at the mill,' some here, others there, and many everywhere will receive a call—be taken from a worldly life to see the Christian life they should live; while ' one will be taken and the other left'—while some will experience Christ, yet others will not, and remain yet longer without a knowledge of the advent------such will be the phenomena of Christ's comings. And if any would know what has become of those taken while others are yet left to worldly practice------we suggest the idea that they have united themselves with the Shakers, compared to eagles in Luke 17:37, and are 'altogether ' experiencing to-day in truth, deed and life the much-looked for, Second Appeaeanoe of Cheist. NOTES THE PROPHETIC CONVENTION We promised a notice of our observations at the great gathering in New York on October 30, 31 and November 1. We had really hoped, until the last possible moment, to have met with several representatives of our Societies thereat; but we were reasonably mistaken, for every thing there having been pre-arranged, and the line of thought marked out for both speakers and hearers, there was no possible chance for any utterance differing from the demarcation, and therefore no necessity of sending representatives. The gathering was a notable one— several hundreds of ministers, repre- senting many denominations, being there and in sympathy—but as notable also by the absence of so many more prominent clergymen, and particularly those of New York city, who have no sympathy with premillennialism, being as we gladly and yet with astonishment learned, postmillennial in belief. The theories and dogmas which alone were permitted to be discussed at the Conference were the affirmative of 1. The personal coming of Jesus, again in the flesh ; 2. The resurrection of the physical body; 3. The final exaltation of believers, and condemnation of unbelievers. All of which, to those of us who believe that Christ has appeared again spiritually through others, is simply foolishness.