AMERICA IN SHAME CECELIA DEVYR She was the earth's great refuge land, Designed to be a home indeed, Where noble souls erect might stand, Beyond the reach of throne or creed. Does she maintain the world-wide cause For which her fathers struggled long ? Or only mid her pleasures pause, To give to liberty a song ? There is no time to sing nor dream— No moments for the banquet hall,— Behold, the cloud whose lightning's beam Is like the writing on the wall! With childish pride, elate and warm, She sees the past with ruddy sky; Unconscious of the brewing storm, That darkly, wildly gathers nigh Her laborers, in their need for bread, Implore her for the right to toil; She drops her hands, she drops her head, And whispers, this is freedom's soil! Above her breath she dare not speak ; Her tyrants awe her with their might; She scarcely knows that she is weak, Or that the right is right. Whence is this power, this conquest sore At which her lips may not demur? Has the invader gained her shore, Or foreign despots conquered her? Ah ! many masters calls she lord, And many kings she must obey,— Monopolists, a soulless horde, Degrade America to-day. From valleys to the mountain's tops, Her heavy golden harvests stand, Her soil is teeming with its crops, But want is seen on every hand. The factory and the foundry still— Or, only making broken sound— The workshops, long untrodden, will With rankest weeds and grass abound, And idlers, idlers, everywhere, And tramps that no one could employ, Till Satan takes them in his care, And makes their reckless hands destroy. The crimson flame is in the sky ; The crimson blood is on the ground; But crimson of a deeper dye, Might on the nation's face be found ! For she who saw not the distress, Nor heard the pleadings of her throngs, Could call her armies to suppress The rage, that swelled against these wrongs. 0, had she heard them when they cried, And waked to effort for their good, Prosperity would now be wide Where dissolution's terrors brood ; But wealth above, and mines below, And commerce on the open sea, One clutching, grasping system know, One law, and that monopoly / Can God o'erlook a crime so great; And human fiends his projects foil! A few usurpers seal the fate That gives his children want and toil ? He made all nations of one blood, And views them with parental eye ; He sends his blessing like a flood, To all who dwell beneath the sky. The Golden Rule that Jesus gave, To each would make a portion sure ; The Declaration of the brave, Would human rights secure. But hath the nation power to say : ' Ye shall not in my name oppress?' Or, can the Church in Truth's array, Demand the work of righteousness ? 0,fair Columbia, captive now ! By thine own household foes betrayed j Lift up thy voice, lift up thy brow, And let thy standard be displayed. The craft of Church and State is there, Wherever poverty is found. Then be it first thy urgent care, To know that conscience is unbound. Hear thou the prophecy that thrills Through every heart that loves the right: ' God is not dead, his spirit wills A work of overwhelming might / And thou shalt not in bondage groan Nor be to tyrannies a prey ; For he has claimed thee as his own To consecrate to Liberty.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.