THE PRESENT RELIGIOUS SENSATION Since the Prophetic Conference, lately held in New York city, the subject of Christ's coming has been uppermost as a topic, riding on the religious waves of mind. Very many believe in an early advent of the personal Jesus. If this is possible, why should any object ? Many there are who believe that two advents have already been made; and are not the additional appearances of so good an individual desirable, and the more the better ? Among all the believers of Christ's coming, or of 16 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. his having come the second time, there is an unusual stir of anxiety upon the subject. Yet amid the deep interest apparently manifested by many, we confess there is only seen by us, a superficial position taken by the masses so believing, of the needs and consequences of such a coming. The coming of Christ to Jesus, and by his testimony the first time, the purpose was ft to save the people from their unchristian sins.' He came to some, delivered his testimony; lived, the pattern of a Christian; invited, 'follow me ;' and as the people followed him, so far they experienced the salvation he came to bring, no further. Have the people learned and imitated the first edition of Christianity so well, that a second is desired or demanded ? We trow not. Therefore, many millions, who are clamoring for a second coming of the Lord, realize but little, and practice less the purposes of the first advent. Do the people feel so desirous o$ being saved from their sinful and unchristian practices that they want Christ to come ? Again, we avow not; else, why not accept of his self-denying testimony and life, and gladly relinquish their abominable sins and worldly practices, which alone' hide Christ from the soul, and prevent an oft appearance ? It is with sorrow that we testify that the people love their sins ; do not wish to be parted from them ! When they shall hate sin, and want to be saved from its practices, then we gladly testify Christ will come to them ; hut never before ! The annunciation of Christianity has been made; the model for Christians to pattern ; accepting the testimony, and living the life of Jesus, prepare souls for further developments of the Christ; for many advents, and the more the better. When people experience the purposes of Christ's first mission, they will reform their lives, abstain from sin and practice that which Jesus' life presented. This will be the evidence that the first appearance has been made; and until this evidence is given, let none look with any hope for a second experience. How many millions have heard of Christ's first appearance ! how very few know of that appearance by personally experiencing the abiding of Christ's spirit! There cannot be a second until there, has been a first. Who has experienced th.efirst? let such anticipate a second appearance of Christ, and so on. True, Christ, that made its appearance to Jesus and disciples of auld lang syne, will yet visit every soul, when prepared for the visitation. The evidence of this visitation will be pro- claimed by conviction for sins, and a conversion into a life that will resemble Christ in Jesus. True, a second advent will occur, ' every eye will see him' ; not simultaneously, but as soon as prepared by the testimony in life of the first appearance. As the light gradually breaks upon the darkness ; as the warmth of solar ray, progresses seasons and vegetation ; as the acquisition of learning and experience, as the sickening tire of sinful life and earnest longings for power to live as angels live; almost unconsciously, imperceptibly, but nevertheless certainly, will we all yet find Christ 'knocking' at the doors of our con- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. sciences. ' Then shall two men be in the field, two women grinding at the mill,' some here, others there, and many everywhere will receive a call—be taken from a worldly life to see the Christian life they should live; while ' one will be taken and the other left'—while some will experience Christ, yet others will not, and remain yet longer without a knowledge of the advent------such will be the phenomena of Christ's comings. And if any would know what has become of those taken while others are yet left to worldly practice------we suggest the idea that they have united themselves with the Shakers, compared to eagles in Luke 17:37, and are 'altogether ' experiencing to-day in truth, deed and life the much-looked for, Second Appeaeanoe of Cheist.