Editor of Manifesto : Thanks for the B. P. Journal sent me... Ayer, Mass., Dec. 10, 1878 Editor of Manifesto : Thanks for the B. P. Journal sent me. I read your very excellent address, delivered at the Watkins Convention, with much interest. It can but serve as an eye and earopener to many. Enclosed, I send you ' The Tombs of the Prophets' from the ' Common People.' How differs this from the fate of our modern prophets, except in mode, means, and missiles ? Horace Mann, alluding to this subject, said : ' Public opinion and the press were a forty satan-power engine.' Add to these the espionage of the guardians of public virtue—special agents of the post-office department, and should the constitution of the United States be prostituted by the introduction of some sectarian God, the record of the past would be but a prolusion of what would follow. The present should learn wisdom, and guard against what is charged to the past; and to avoid another fatal error—idolatry to those resurrected prophets. Hearers of their divinely inspired words; standing in their footprints, saying, great and divine souls were they; instead of carrying forward the progressive principles of truth they taught and lived. Those great, heroic souls never claimed perfection—that 'greater works' could not be done. Such claims were the invention of devotees, who es- teemed a prophet or medium more than principles. One of our modern prophets said, ' Let no fondness for me blind your eyes to my errors ;' and Jesus declared, ' I am come to send fire on the earth, and what will I (do) if it be already kindled ?' He queried if he could bear the consuming of natural ties and affections so that his life should agree with the testimony he was delivering to others. And he continues : ' But I have a baptism to be baptized with, and how am I straitened till it be accomplished ? ' He evidently felt his inspiration in advance of his travel —of his attainments ; hence his restraint till he was fully baptized into that divine element of which he was a medium and subject. While we duly appreciate, and justly honor those saints and martyrs who have gone before us, and no less those present with us now, let our devotion be to truth and progress ; and our greatest concern be of the footprints we make ; for the guidance 14 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. of those who follow, even as those before have served us. Let no one defraud themselves by clinging to the garments of their ancestors, hoping to extract life therefrom; nor think that because they are one in name, and living among God's peculiar people that these will insure salvation or growth of their spiritual beings. Our praise to God, Jesus and the martyrs, will never atone for deeds of charity and love left undone by us. Yours E. Myrick