'SECOND OR THIRD?' Elihu Burritt has lately written a very sensible article in The Christian at Work in which he testifies that ' I think we have a hundred fold stronger evidence of the second advent, than we have had of the first.' Such utterances from such notables, are destined to awaken investigation, that may result in affixing the date of the second arrival in 1770 ! Let us all keep our eyes and ears open. WILL THIS BE A HAPPY YEAR? In wishing all a happy year—the happiest of years—we would remind every one that the principal ingredi- ent in the composition of happiness is self-control, aye, self-denial. Even though this strikes chills through us, it is true. They are not happiest who do as they please, nor those who en17 18 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. gage in the luxury of pleasures until surfeited by them. We are earnest in our interest for the greater, greatest happiness of the people ; and ass are all, who will give a few moments to the thoughts and practices of selfdenial to selfish indulgences, that their pleasures will be enhanced thereby. Christ Jesus was a good pattern ; as we picture the pattern on our minds, let us deny where he denied, and we will be happy like him. CHIPS Can it be that a little ' wedge of gold,' silver, copper or greenbacks is the splitting point between the circulation and non-circulation of the genuine gospel ? Be it known, that we have, and long have had, a noble, self-sacrificing friend in Melbourne, Australia, by name, W. H. Terry, publisher of The Harbinger of Light, 84 Russell street. We hope all who read this will feel like sending him books, pam- phlets and subscriptions for his paper. We have sent him some ' Plain Talks,' and we wish some of our friends would send him fifty more. The Rev. J. B. Gross... The Albany Morning Express says : 'The Rev. J. B. Gross, of Wilkesbarre, Pa., in a book upon ' The Parson on Dancing,' treats of it as an excellent means of praising God, as it enlists the feet in the service rendered by the tongue, hands and looks, and ought to be introduced into worship. Mr. Gross here stands on the Shaker platform.'' The attempted agreement of Protestants and Roman Catholics again to introduce religious services into secular schools in New Haven, ought (as it has) to prove a failure. It is a Church and State wedge. OUR PATRONS Please look over our advertising columns and see the array of respectable firms therein represented. We have been very choice in our selection of patrons to this department, and can vouch for their fair-dealing, generous qualities. The majority of them we have proved. Write them ; patronize them ; mention us.