INDIANS JAMES S. PRESCOTT Doubtless the time is coming when the Indian Territory, containing the 'five nations' of civilized Indians, viz.: Oherokees, GMckasaws, Choctaws, Creeks, and Seminoles, will be admitted into the Union as a State, and will be as ably represented in Congress by educated Indians, as any State in the Union ;' even as South Carolina is at the present time by an educated African, Rainey, who is able to cope in argument with any white man in Congress. 5 THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. The present degree of civilization to which these Indians have attained, show conclusively that they are as capable of being led on to a higher degree of civilization and development, when the time shall come to have a perfect example set before them, as any nation on the earth, and more so, because they are more susceptible of divine illuminations. They are now self-educating and self-supporting ; they ask no favors of the white men but to fulfill their treaty obligations, and if they will not do this, they only asked to be left alone, to ' manage their own domestic concerns in their own way.' They wisely wish to postpone their admission into the Union as a State for the present, and not without good reasons. It is said there are over 60,000, or thirty-five nations and tribes now occupying the Indian Territory. The following are extracts of a letter from a Ghickasaw Indian, one of the civilized nations, dated Tishomingo, G. N., Indian Territory, Nov. 4th, 1878 : We give place to the foregoing because it expresses the sentiments of all the Indians on the subject of being transferred to the War Department. They are a unit on this question, and are all opposed to it. And why should their united voices not be heard in the councils of the nation, in the decision of so grave a question, on which their future destiny and civilization depend, numbering as they do, in all, about 308,000 souls, according to the best and most reliable authority ? We are sure if the Hon. Commissioners who are appointed to investigate this matter will listen to their cries and entreaties, and allow them to have a voice in the deci sion of this question, that this odious 'transfer bill' will never ,'pass the Senate of the United States, so as to become a law. Never! If it does, it will very soon have to be repealed, for something higher and better, to save the Indian, if he is saved. In view of such injustice, no wonder Thomas Jefferson exclaimed, ' I tremble for my country when I remember that God is just.' North Union, Ohio. James S. Prescott—Dear Sir:... James S. Prescott—Dear Sir: I am in receipt of yours of the 25th ult., and am truly glad to receive the Manifesto. I read both copies you sent me, and am more thaii pleased to see the principles inculcated in its pages. You say you would hardly take me to be an Indian from my picture sent you. Very few can detect any trace in me of my Indian parentage, excepting by my actions ; in my every-day life I am perfectly sound, stand over six feet in my stockings, and pull the scales at 185 pounds. I am 27 years of age and considered a fair specimen of the Ghickasaw nation. I am of a wandering disposition and have traveled over every State east of the Mississippi, and nearly all west of here. I send you a sample copy of our Choctaw Indian spelling book, used in our schools. You cannot find an Indian here, no matter how ignorant he may appear, who cannot read and write positively well in our own language. We have spelling books, bibles, testaments, hymn-books, catechisms, and various other works in our own tongue. You have the idea just right in your article on the Indian. You say in The Shaker Manifesto he is not benefited ' by associating with bad white men ; but rather made worse.' Could you go with me and see the shame children (as we call them) at every military post, you could then form an idea why we do not want the War Department over us, for it means demoralization, and finally extermination. Give us the Peace policy and we can ere long become an honor to the IT. S. But turn us over to the War Department, and you set us back forty years on the road to civilization. PJead for us, my friend; cry to your God that this great injustice may not be done us. We are all children of the great Gitchee Manito — ' Great Spirit ' — and he will hold the white people responsible for the way they treat us. Trusting his blessing may rest upon you, I have the pleasure to sign myself, Respectfully yours, James H. Guy