THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. THE WORLD'S NEED OF US Friends and Brethren : We greet you ! From a deep consciousness only, that there is yet a work for us to do; that there is a niche in the temple of thought which we should fill; that there is a more radically Christian testimony for us to deliver among many other testimonies called Christian ; that there is a higher life than the ordinary for us to illustrate to the world, and to elevate in the wilderness of sin a panacea for all sins—even to present the principle of SELF-DENTAL as the WOELD'S SAVIOUE —from these, and similar causes, or calls to duty, do we greet you again in the beginning of a new volume. Were there a publication more radically Christian jn its tone than is ours, we could better afford to retire from the field of journalism; and so soon as there shall reach our conscious feelings the tidings of a testimony that will reflect the Christ Spirit more fully than does ours, we will deem our labors in this line superfluous, and %CHtaxint THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 15 will unite with superior and more perfect labors. Among hundreds of theologies, which excuse their adherents from bearing their own crosses of self. denial ; which teach a reliance for salvation upon the death of a man, rather than in the life of Christ, we raise our Standard ; and upon this emblem there cannot be found any excuse for those who name Christ, or Christian, from departing their sinful ways, and living as Jesus, the Christ, lived. Self-denial was the saviour of Jesus ; and this made him Christ! Self-denial will be our saviour, if we are ever saved from our sins. The call of the Spirit of Gk)d, through Christianity, is : Let sin and the soul part company. Thus only can salvation be experienced. The people of the world too generally look for a salvation from the punishment of their sins ; but such will look in vain, until the causes are put away, that the effects, in punishments, may cease. The Shaker Manifesto will prove itself a benefactor, if it survives only to announce that there is no salvation, nor hopes of salvation, while souls will live in sin ; that Christian salvation means living without sin, and unto a resurrected life, ' that is hidden with Christ's' in godliness. More than this : Our testimony exceeds the boundaries of a testimony against a sinful life. It teaches a better way than the good of a worldly life—of a progress unto a heavenly, Christ life, where even the good of the worldly is relinquished for the unworldly. It treats of a harvest of souls, of the which Christ is the harvestman, 'and the angels are the reapers;' and as fast as individuals are ripe for this harvest, they are enabled to rise above the primal, animal plane of reproduction, into a life- pracfcice whose elements contain none of the dust of a life in the flesh. 'Freed from the law,' because living better than taught by the law. The Manifesto will announce Peace as better than the good and best in War ; and while it will chastise the evils of private possessions, and acknowledge the inferior good therein, it will urge as superior the communal life of the heavens, from which the spirit of mine is banished. Under these colors, throw Ave our flag to the breeze of the nations. Denouncing no good of the past—neither in Marriage, Selfish Relations nor War—but rising above these, it bears on its folds the hopes and possibility of a life on earth, of Virgin Celibacy, Nonresistance and Community of G-oods. And is there not room for us, and need of our testimony ? And will not those able to live Christ, receive it ?