WAR POSITIVELY UNCHRISTIAN ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE Whence come wars ? How do they originate, and who fans the flames ? These questions are broad ; and to trace them from the embryo stages, through family broils, and the cragged paths of society — in the higher and lower walks of life, Christian (?) and profane —would require time and space to fully answer. It is evident that two powers or forces occupy the unregenerate human heart; one earthly and animal, the other spiritual and heavenly. The earthly, when perverted, is full of evil thinking, hatred and revenge, demonlike ; and these bring forth war. The spiritual, by proper culture, symbolizes the angel condition, and produces peace and good will to all. War is incompatible with Christianity. It is not only un-christian, but is immoral, unscientific, and retards civilization. Its place, if anywhere, should be among barbarous tribes ; yet, at the present time, it seems to be a dominant power, rulingall the nations of our earth. Will it always be thus ? If truth is stronger than error, and it be possible to overcome evil with good, will not Peace principles — although 'their vindicators are now in the minority — work their way against opposing forces to final triumph ? Many who admit the supremacy of Peace, still vindicate war, and plead its necessity as a means to defend and preserve the honor and peace of nations. That even the Christian religion can jbnly be maintained by force of arms. Would He, who so strongly advocated Peace, by precept and example, that He was called the Prince of Peace, and who said ' My kingdom is not of ;his world ; My servants will not fight,' employ agents to fight for His kingdom, and to make a way for Him and His lowly followers, through jloody battle-fields strewn with the 3 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. dead and dying ? Or would He pass through the warriors' camps, and see thousands of demoralized human beings, professedly figh ting in His name, and calling upon God, through their chaplains, to aid them in their battles, and feel that His cause was strengthened and honored by such conflicts ? Eeason and conscience answer, Nay. Sooner would He lead His tender lambs to some lone mountain, or to some peaceful vale, where wild beasts of prey do not rend and devour; and there, with strong cries and tears, supplicate the Father to remove ignorance and folly from the minds of men, and show them how cause and effect are related ; and that reason and a forgiving spirit are more potent than madness and revenge. Human nature, unsubdued by the grace of God, is the same in all ages and nations ; fierce, resentful, unforgiving, and culminates in war, which, when called by the right name, is murder on a large scale ; and drape it, or crown it with laurels as best we may, it is the same odious offender. Its best directed methods destroy the peace of nations, waste all vital energies, empty public treasuries, and spread desolation far and wide. That great wrongs exist in society, at home and abroad, none will deny. How to meet and remove those wrongs is the great question to be solved. May we not yet hop6 to see just tribunals established, where righteous and peace-loving judges will hold the sceptre of power and influence ; when reason, and an enlightened conscience shall bear rule, and one nation shall say to another nation, ' Come now and let us reason together, as man with his brother man.' The war spirit arouses the vilest passions of the human heart; therefore, as intelligent, accountable beings, we should learn to subdue the evil within our own breasts, and strive to live in peace with all men, whether they be our friends or foes. When people are educated to see that arbitration is better than the sword ; that to bless is wiser than to curse; and to render good for evil, more dignified and noble than retaliation, then will the banner of the Prince of Peace wave in triumph over the nations of the earth, and the shadows of great armies upon the land, and fleets upon the sea grow less; and God's earth, by proper culti- vation, be made to bring forth bountiful supplies for man and beast.