The Children's Grotto LYING It is recorded in history that a certain philosopher of ancient times was one day asked, ' What does a man gain by telling a lie ?' ' Not to be believed,' said he, ' even when he speaks the truth.' Young readers, bear in mind this answer of a wise man. A LITTLE LOAF. Once, when there was a famine throughout the land, a rich man sent for the twenty poorest children in the town to come to his house, and said to them : ' In the basket there is a little loaf for each of you. Take it, and come back to me every day at the same hour till the good God sends us better times.' Eagerly did the hungry children fall upon the basket, and quarreled and struggled for the bread, because each wished to have the best and largest; at last they went away without having even thanked the old gentleman. But Gretchen, a poorly, but neatlydressed little maiden, remained standing modestly in the distance; then she took the smallest loaf which alone was left in the basket, gratefully kissed the rich gentleman's hand, and went quickly home. Next day the children were just as ill-betiaved, and the poor, timid Gretchen received this time a loaf which was scarcely half the 'gixt €tyXxmf* (vatto. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 19 size of the others. But when she came home and her sick mother cut the loaf open many new silver pieces of money fell rattling and shining out of it. The mother was not a little alarmed, and said : ' Take the money at once back to the good gentleman, for it certainly got into the dough by accident. Be quick, Grretchen ! be quick ! ' But when the little girl came to the rich man and gave him her mother's message, he said, kindly: ' No, no, my child, it was no mistake. I had the silver put into the smallest loaf to reward you. Remain always as contented, peaceable, self-denying and grateful. She who would rather take the smallest loaf than quarrel for the larger ones, will obtain far richer blessings than even if money were baked into the loaf. Go home now, and greet your good mother very kindly from me.' LITTLE FOXES. One little fox is ' By-and-by.' If you track him, you come to his hole—' Never.' Another little fox is ' I can't.' You had better set on him an active, plucky little thing, ' I can' byname. It does wonders. A third little fox is ' No use in trying.' He has spoiled more vines, and hindered the growth of more fruit, than many a worse looking enemy. A fourth little fox is ' I forgot.' He is very provoking. He is a great cheat. He slips through your fingers like time. He is seldom caught up with. Fifth little fox is ' Don't care.' Oh, what mischief he has done ! Sixth little fox is ' No matter.' It is matter whether your life is spoiled by small faults. We must not deceive ourselves, for he that overcometh not himself in little matters will not be able to do so in great things. —Good News. THE HEAVENLY DEPOT. A boy of five years was ' playing railroad ' with his sister of two and a half. Drawing her upon a footstool, he imagined himself both the engine and the conductor. After imitating the puffing noise of the steam, he stopped and called out ' New York,' and in a moment after ' Paterson,' and then ' Philadelphia.' His knowledge of towns was now exhausted, and at the next place he cried ' Heaven.' His little sister said eagerly, ' Top, I des I'll det out here.' THE THREE KULES. What is the lowest rule of human conduct ? The Iron rule. What is the next higher rule ? The Silver rule. What is the highest rule ? The Golden rule. What is the Iron rule 1 Evil for evil. What is the Silver rule ? Good for good. What is the Golden rule ? Good for evil. Why do you consider the Iron rule the lowest ? Because it is the expression of the animal faculties of the mind, and the law of brutes and savages. Why is the Silver rule better 1 Because it is the Golden rule one-half expressed. Why is the Golden rule the highest and the best ? Because it is the essence of our spiritual perceptions of right; and flowing from the highest faculties of our nature, must be the best guide in the conduct of life. Hold on Boys.—Hold on to your tongue when you are just ready to swear, lie or speak harshly, or use an improper word. Hold on to your hand when you are about to punch, strike, scratch, or do any improper act. Hold on to your foot when you are on the point of kicking, running off from study, or pursuing the path of error, shame or crime. Hold on to your temper when you are angry, excited, or imposed upon, or others are angry with you. Hold on to your heart when evil associations seek your company and invite you to join in their mirth, games, or revels. Hold on to your good name in all times, for it is of more value than gold, high Maces, or fashionable attire. Hold on to the truth, for it will serve you well, and do you good throughout eternity.