STEEPLE HOUSES F. W. EVANS Forty church steeples were in ruin in the city of Brotherly Love — the city of Quaker origin — acityfoundec by William Penn, who represents the Friends, the first of whom was George Fox, a man of God, a Prophet, and more than a Prophet, more than a medium of others' thoughts pertaining to the future, pertaining to that which God, by the agency of redeemed human beings, in and out of the body, will yet effect. Was it chance, or is there an intelligent, overruling Providence in such an event? Where much is given much is required. Great light has shone in Philadelphia. The founders of Quakerism were men and women who did, in Spiritual Babylon, what the signers of Independence Hall did in Governmental Babylon. They began to right the wrongs of humanity. They laid down first principles as data for reai soning and for action. The steeple, in church edifices, embodies an idea. A steeple, to the rest of the building, is as an aristocracy to the body of the people, which has to be borne and sustained by the strength of muscle and spirit of the mass of the population. Looks, not utility, is the mission of a steeple, and of an aristocracy. George Fox bore as thundering a testimony against a spiritual aristocracy that held high adulterous carnival in steeple houses as Thomas Paine bore against the monarchy and aristocracy of palaces, that cost millions of the people's money to build and support, literally grinding the faces of the poor into abject, hopeless destitution—made them enlist in army and navy, to kill each other in wars that had no moresense nor meaning to the nation than a steeple has to the rest of the building. It is labor and money thrown away — the children's bread thrown to the dogs. The poor erect the steeple houses, for the dole of breadr from their masters, to keep from starvation, exactly as soldiers and marines kill each other, for the bare necessaries of life from their rulers. God works by means. He is judging the world by man, whom he has appointed to be his battle axe and weapon of war. We claim that Christ has come, as foretold by genuine Quaker witnesses,. who said: 'The great day of God Almighty is at hand.' The Kingdom of Heaven is on Earth. In it are no aristocracy, living upon the labor of others, contrary to the law of Brotherly and Sisterly Love. Poverty and all sickness are being removed by the removal of the causes that produce them. A man is a man and a woman is a woman, 'for a' that,' who eats and drinks for use, not appetite. Light is sown for the righteous. The human being who rises above his or her selfhood, above inherited and educational proclivities ;o evil, above habit, into the realm of ight, is righteous. To such light ontinually increases into perfect day. 'n food and drink, in labor, in dress, n habitation, in public buildings, in jroperty, the good of the individual s the good of society. To love God, ;ruth and goodness, supremely, is to ove our neighbor as we love ourselve s 2 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Let all steeples be taken down, anc churches be converted into halls oi science, as well as places of worship. Begin at the bottom. Let a great company of the priesthood be converted to the faith that work is worship, when directed to useful ends and purposes. Do not the Quakers in the Spirit world suffer for the sins of Philadelphia? Have they any pleasure in the first, or second day of the week, more than in the third, or fourth ? Are they not crying to God continually, day and night, to come quickly and put an end to a figurative, shadowy Sabbath, that all the people may have a Sabbath of the Lord — a rest from the evils, the corruptions in the world through the legion of lusts of its inhabitants? The Lord was not in the whirlwind, nor in the earthquake, nor yet in the fire — and that is the reason why they destroy that which God hath not wrought — the steeple houses, and the system that steeples are but a sign of. But God is in the still small voice of conscience, saying: Do not these abominable things which I hate. Do not any thing contrary to Brotherly Love, in the city of Brotherly Love. ML Lebanon, N. Y.