Agricultural WINTER REFLECTIONS It is difficult to make people understand that food in animals, as well as in plants, is largely derived from the air, and that good pure air can only supply what nature demands from the atmosphere. Muddy and filthy barns turn out lean cattle. Farmers should remember that we keep cows for their milk particularly. The warmer they are kept, the more milk they will give, and with much less feed. Keep them warm. Socrates wrote: 'Agriculture is an employment the most worthy the application of man, the most ancient and the most suit- able to his nature. It is the common nurse of persons in every age and condition in life ; it is the source of health, strength, plenty, and riches, and of a thousand sober delights and honest pleasures. It is the mistress and school of sobriety, temperance, justice, religion and, in short, of all virtues.' SOWING CLOVER IN WINTER Clover seed may be sown upon the snow, or when a frost has hardened the surface. One great advantage of sowing upon the snow is that a very even spread can be made, as the seed can readily be seen, and the foot marks remain as a guide for the next breadth sowed. The most inexperienced need make no lapse or misses. A good quantity of seed for each cast is as much as can be held between the first and second fingers and the thumb. Walking at an easy gait, this will use up about eight quarts of seed per acre. If the wind is blowing, walk so that it blows across the path ; the effect is then equal both going and returning ; but it is not so if it blows first on the face and then on the back. ABOUT 'SUNDAY CORN.' A man out west recently boasted that his two acres of ' Sunday corn,' on which. all the work had been done on Sunday and which yielded seventy bushels to the acre, upset the Bible idea that Sunday work xxtultuxxl. 22 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. never prospers. To this the editor of an agricultural paper replied thus: ' If th author of this shallow nonsense had read the Bible half as much as he has the works of its opponents, he would have known that the great Euler of the universe does not always square up his accounts with mankind in the month of October.'