Society Record EARLY MANUFACTURE OF STEEL PENS To the Editor of the Scientific American: I write to inquire if you can give me information concerning the manufacture of metal pens in this country. I may be vain in the supposition, but I am almost persuaded, that my people—the Shakers—were the originators of metal pens. I write this to you with a silver pen,'one slit,' that was made in the year 1819 at this village by the Shakers. Two or three years previous to the use of silver for pens, our people used brass plate for their manufacture, but soon found silver preferable. Some of our people, now living, sold these pens in the year 1820 for 25 cents each, and disposed of all that could be made at that price. The machinery for rolling the brass and silver plate was a home invention ; also the shears for cutting the pens; these we still have in our possession. At the above date the inventor writes : ' I now have my new shears, with which I have cut 292 pens in 14 minutes ; this is doing it with dispatch ! ' The metal used was melted silver coins ; and at one time the worker says, ' I melted up $55.00 or $60.00 of silver money.' I find the following in a late Boston paper: ' English steel pens are almost entirely made by women. In 1828-29 the first gross of ' three-slit' steel pens was sold wholesale at £7 4s. the gross. In 1830 they had fallen to 8s. and in 1832 to 6s, the gross. A better article is now sold at 6d. per gross.' I leave you to judge the merits of this pen from the appearance of my chirography; and can assure you it has seen nearly sixty years' service. The two I have in possession are equally good writers, and were presented to me by my venerable friend, D. A. Bucking ham, who, 58 and more years ago, engaged in the sale of pens. By giving me what information you are able I will be under many obligations. I neglected to say that the handles to these pens were made of both wood and tin ; the tin one I have is tubular and closes the pen telescopically. Shakers,N. Y.. G. A. Lomas REPLY We find no record of the manufacture of metal pens in this country as early as 1820. At that time Gillott had begun to make steel pens in England. As early as 1803 barrel pens of steel were made by a Mr. Wise in England. Evidently Mr. Lomas writes with a good pen. Scientific American DEATHS Irene Bates At Shakers, N. Y., Sept. 2, Irene Bates, aged 54 years. (It is difficult to realize how the record of this peaceful sister's death has been delayed.) Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. The evidence of the superiority of spirit-power... Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. The evidence of the superiority of spirit-power over earthly impediments was simply, but prettily and satisfactorily illustrated at the recent funeral of Lucy Jacobs, when one of the young sis- ters, an inveterate stammerer, speaking under the influence of the deceased, addressed the assembly for half an hour, without any impediment whatever. We will soon present a paper upon 'Dried Corn ' and its introduction to the world as an article of merchandise by this society.