Correspondence Shaker view New Garden, Chester Co., Pa., Oct. 26, 1878 [From The American Socialist.] THE SHAKER VIEW. Dear Socialist.—Our Shaker friends assume, or believe (as I understand them) that theirs is a higher life — that they are ' upstairs ' (as our friend Eads expresses it) because they are celibates. I cannot understand their position, and would feel obliged to them, and no doubt many of your readers would feel the same, if they would throw more light on this extremely important subject. Yours truly, Communist. The American Socialist. REPLY BY ELDER GEO. ALBERT LOMAS Shakers, N. Y., Nov. 3,1878. Editors American Socialist— My Friends—Yours, simply inclosing the letter of ' Communist' is at hand, and your meaning interpreted. After the lapse of so many centuries since the dawn of the Christian era, which centuries have beheld so many brilliant examples, whose testimonies championed virgin celibacy as a superior element, not only to work out the Christian's salvation from sin, but as a steppingstone to conditions which are superior to the best estates of earth-life without it, my pen can only poorly supplement their illustrious arguments, leaving my life and that of my fellows, to attest the correctness of the conclusions arrived at by them. We opine, ' Communist' is sincere, in that the life he is living is the best for him ; we are very unwilling to dispute his convictions, and can only hope that he will give us as much credit for honest convictions, and permit us undisturbed, ' to pursue the even tenor of our way' in the strictest, virgin celibacy ; which, while we are satisfied is best for us, may not be best for him, nor for many others who are not yet ripe for such a harvest. But that he and all will sometime ripen to such a conclusion we feel an assurance equal to our expectations of the rotations of the seasons. Many who are now Shakers have been married—adopted marriage as the very best for them; who after- ward became convinced of the superior fa(OXX£SpOUtlUtZ. 12 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. cilities which a celibate life would give them in the prosecution* of a Christian's duty. They found upon the trial of both marriage and celibacy, that celibacy was not only a necessity ofChristian life, but that there could be no complete Christianity without it. This will be called a sweeping assertion, as it is ; for we have learned by long experience that there can be no thorough Christianity practiced where marriage or sexuality is engaged in. Very many of us are as ignorant and innocent of sexual knowledge and contact as babes, and feel so well satisfied and justified by the absence of such contact that thoughts, even, leaning- tow ard such knowledge are construed by us as a tarnish to the garments of our spirits. Attribute, if you please, such feelings to early education and bias; we will, in our jubilant justification, thank God for such an education, and bless the hands that bent the twigs by which our riper years have been inclined. We have never asserted that the engagement in sexual love was other than as natural as eating, sleeping, breathing, etc., but we have laid greater stress upon such an engagement as affecting the spiritual progress very much more for the worse than any other natural occupation. Both experience in it before embracing Shakerism, and the absence of experience demonstrate this to us. Sexual disobedience we hold -to have been the seat of man's loss ; and yet it is not because of our inclination to sin sexually that we have become total abstinents thereto. Had there been no disobedience — no fall of humanity — the harvestman, Christ, would have been a necessity, to cut off from earthly, primitive practices all who should ripen up to the Christian sickle. Surely, if every man and woman were as perfect and sinless as untempted Adams and Eves—if each could engage in the reproduction of the most perfect human species—the fact that Christ's testimony was a call, to as many as ' are able,' to come up higher, above the plane of animal reproductions, and into superior relations with God, by having our lives taken from the earthly, with none to declare our generations (Acts 8:33), appears to be only the sequence of a duty—a pleasurable duty. We aim at the greatest of heavenly practice on earth ; and believe our enjoyment is here enhanced by patterning Jesus and what we have learned to «be the practice of the angels of God in the spiritual world. Jesus lived a self-denying, superior, heavenly life while on earth. If it might be called unnatural, it may as reasonably be termed a beautiful sample of angel-life on the earth; and all of our self-denials, as copyists of that life, are more than balanced by the superior fruits of the spirit. ' All men are not able/' said Jesus, ' to live as I do ; but whoso is able let him live the life.' ' The children of the world marry,' and engage in sexual pleasures ; but the children of the Resurrection—Christ's children—are raised above such practices, and live as the angels do; and who supposes the angels to so engage? Paul says: 'Those who marry do well; but those who abstain do better.' So even the Shakers say : Those who, ' unable to become eunuchs for the kingdom,' do marry, and regulate their sexual commerce for reproductions only—being as good in this as the best practice of the beasts of ttie field—do well; but not as well as those ' whose lives are hid with Christ' in greater godliness of life. ' Marriage peoples the earth,' says St. Jerome ; ' but celibacy increases the heavens.' Said Henry C. Wright: ' Jesus and Paul practiced and taught celibacy. If Paul lived to-day he would undoubtedly be a strict, thorough-going Shaker. I do not see how any believer in the New Testament can come to any other conclusion than that at which the Shakers have arrived ; nevertheless, Shakerism is a monstrosity to me !' The best modern treatise upon ' Holy Matrimony ' of which we know is by Rev. J. A. Bolles, D. D., of Boston. Thirteen chapters embody the most beautiful delinea^ tions of what marriage is for and what it should be. I doubt if any have ever excelled his expatiations upon the bliss of the marital relations ; yet his ' after all,' in one chapter upon ' Celibacy ' sheds a blaze of glory upon it, that reminds one of the sun, THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. 13 when at its meridian height, forbidding the glow of the stars, however beautiful. In closing, hear him : ' After all, is there not a higher life revealed in the Scriptures than even the holy state of matrimony—a life by which an individual may voluntarily forego all the blessings of the mystery of marriage, in order to become more and more absorbed in devotion to the duties of the spiritual union of Christ and the Church—a life in which a love for the antitype may be even so great as to banish from the mind all thought of the type, concentrating all the affections of the soul upon the reality of the substance a life so entirely free from the temporal, with all its joys and cares, and entanglements, as to see nothing, to think of nothing, and to long for nothing but the Eternal—Christ himself, and the fruition of his glorious Godhead? How can it be denied that the Scriptures do reveal to us the possibility of such a life ; and that it is the life of the celibate ' for the kingdom of heaven's sake'—not the life of the mere unmarried, which in itself considered is one of the most selfish of all lives, and which is not infrequently chosen for the sake of selfish and criminal indulgence; but the life of the celibate 'for the kingdom of heaven's sake f ' Our blessed Lord said indeed, ' All men cannot receive this saying, save they to whom it is given ; but he that is able to receive it, let him receive it.' ' Therefore, dear Socialist, our long experience of an hundred years has proved to us, that not only ' all men cannot' be Shakers, but that only a few are able at present to meet its demands upon them. Until they are able and willing, the words of Young apply to their duty right well: ' He who does the best his circumstance allows, does well, acts nobly, angels could no more;' while I remain the friend of ' Communist,' and yours, G. A. Lomas