Home Topics Dr. Warren states 'a simple, easy and effectual cure... Dr. Warren states ' a simple, easy and effectual cure of stammering ' is, simply at every syllable pronounced to tap at the same time with the finger; by so doing ' the most inveterate stammerer will be surprised to find that he can pronounce quite fluently, and by long and constant practice he will pronounce perfectly well. Ginger-bread nuts Ginger-bread nuts. Rub half a pound of butter into two pounds of flour; add one pound of coarse sugar, and one ounce of pounded ginger ; mix all well together with one pound and two ounces of molasses; form it into nuts, or roll it out and cut it into round cakes ; bake them upon tins. Rice snow Mice snow. Put to cook four spoonfuls of ground rice—it can be ground in any coffeemill—-in one pint of water; stir well and cook about fifteen minutes, then add two spoonfuls of butter, a little salt, two spoonfuls of white sugar, and a few drops of lemon essence; have boiling one pint of milk ; pour it over the rice; stir well and let it boil until thick ; then pour into a dish for table. It is excellent, either warm or cold. Odors from cooking prevented Odors from cooking prevented.—Put one or two red peppers on a few pieces of charcoal into the pot where ham, cabbage, etc., is boiling, and the house will not be filled with the offensive odor. Fruit-cake Fruit-cake.—Three-fourths of a pound of butter, one pound of sugar, one pound of flour, eight eggs, one cup of molasses, two tea spoonfuls each of cinnamon, cloves and allspice. To remove a glass stopper... To remove a glass stopper, put a drop or two of glycerine or sweet oil in the crevice about the stopper. In an hour or two the stopper will be loose. Nice way to cook eggs A nice way to cook eggs. Butter a saucepan ; break into it the eggs; do not crowd them ; put in a little butter, salt and pepper over each ; set iii a heated oven until the whites set. Thus treated they are more delicate than fried eggs. Egg balls Egg balls.—To make egg balls beat up the yolks of three hard-boiled eggs in a mortar with the yolk of one raw egg; make into balls and drop them into boiling water for two minutes. Wafers Wafers.—Beat up an egg thoroughly, and stir in enough flour to make a stiff paste. Add a pinch of salt, roll out very thin and fry in boiling hot fat. Keep them spread upon a platter if possible, as they lose their crispness when piled upon one another. Ground tea Ground tea.—A French chemist asserts that if tea be ground like coffee, immediately before hot water is poured upon it, it will yield nearly double the amount of its exhilarating qualities. Ants Ants.—It is alleged that alum water is good, or rather bad, for ants. Brush all the crevices which they inhabit with hot alum water, and sprinkle pulverized borax freely wherever they are most numerous. Ventilate the beds Ventilate the beds.—It has been a valuable Shaker custom from time beyond mem- THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 41 ory, to strip the beds every morning, laying the clothes over the backs of chairs in such a manner that the morning air can circulate under as well as over them. The windows are raised at bottom and lowered at top, and things are left thus apparently untidy for an hour. Then the sisters make up the beds, and put the rooms ' to rights.' On Friday the beds are thoroughly shaken up and left unmade for nearly the whole day. Thus is health promoted.