THE FACTORY GIRL CHARLOTTE BYRDSALL Slowly and sadly she trod along, With a weary heart that had no song. To her there was not a joyous look On mountains, meadow, or sparkling brook ; But her spirit throbbed unto deep despair, As she thought of the labor her life must bear. Anon, she reached her living tomb, With its harsh-toned bell and days of gloom, And as she mounted the high stairway, 28 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Her soul burst forth 'neath its weight to pray, That the time of suffering might be o'er, And the wail of poverty heard no more. And as she enters the place so drear, And meets no kindly word of cheer, But a frowning look from her master cold, Whose soul in the greed of the world is old, And she breathes again an earnest prayer That he the judgment of truth may bear. With a tired brain she begins her task, Strength to perform them is all she asks ; But the threads, like those of her soul were crossed, Broken and tangled, matted and lost ; Her spirit shrinks as her master hears, For his threatening voices she dreads and fears. He looks not on with a pitying eye, But bids her toil, and cease to cry ; For the work of the day must surely be done Ere the slow decline of the setting sun ; Or the wages fail, and the place be filled By another whom penury's woes has stilled. He reigns like a king on his guarded throne, Through means he has shorn from the poor alone ; In his stolen wealth, that sinful man Knows naiight but the schemes of the money plan; While she to the city street must turn, To beg of the selfish, the proud and. the stern. O ! what is life to the children of toil, The fruit of whose labor is seized as spoil ? And where is the love the Saviour told Should human hearts in sympathy hold, When capital's system of plunder and gain Hath warped the being, again and again ? O, Father of Justice ! with Thee I plead, To send thy Spirit against this greed, To level the mountain, and lift the vale, Till goodness shall conquer, and right prevail; Then over the land shall the sweet song roll Of love that delivers both body and soul.