THOUGHTS FOR TO-DAY A royal decree has been issued... A royal decree has been issued that every slave escaping from Cuba to Spain, or any of her provinces, shall be declared free., and their value will be paid the owners from the public treasury. This is something on the old Jewish system of providing ' cities of refuge,' and is in marked contrast to the inhuman fugitive slave laws which once disgraced the statute books of civilized America. The sword of American freemen has severed the chains of slavery, but the old spirit of the driver remains a hard inheritance for the black man. Every teacher of civilization and humanity should prompt the nation to protect these uneducated people, whose labor and lives for generations have been spent in adding millions to the nation's wealth without benefit to them selves. —Chicago Inter-Ocean. If two men are united... If two men are united, the wants of neither are any greater, in some respects, than they would be were they alone, and their strength is superior to the strength of two separate men. A more glorious victory cannot be gained... A more glorious victory cannot be gained over another man than this, that when the injury began on his part, the kindness should begin on ours. It is not what people eat... It is not what people eat but what they digest that makes them strong. It is not what they gain but what they save that makes them rich. It is not what they read but what they remember that makes them learned. It is not what they profess but what they practice that makes them righteous. I am a farmer, and I recognize... 1 am a farmer, and I recognize that my lands belong to the Lord. The corn and wheat are his, the horses are his, the cattle are his. ' For every beast of the forest is mine, and the cattle upon a thousand hills.' (Ps. 1, 10.) I am a merchant; all my goods are the Lord's, and I am his. I am a banker; all my silver and gold are the Lord's. ' The silver is mine, and the gold is mine, said the Lord of hosts.' (Haggai ii, 8.) All I have is thine, and I am thine ; I am thy steward. Dost thou call for thy money 1 Here it is Lord. Pardon my past neglect. In the future I will give back that which is thine. To this I pledge myself in thy name, O Lord.