THE FACTORY MARTHA J. ANDERSON [At one of the meetings for social converse and mutual information, held at the North Family, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., a paper was read upon 'Monopoly, Labor, Capital, and Factory Life.' The following articles are the result of reflections thereupon. It is a curious incident, but true, that neither writer knew, nor will know till our types reveal the fact, that both chose the same subject. Ed.] Down the dingy and cheerless street, Lo ! the treading of weary feet Sounds as if they were going to meet Some dread and final doom ; For, from the distant factory tower, Rang the bell at an early hour, Calling with tones of grasping power To loom, to spindle and loom. So, with hands that are tired and worn, Clad in garments dirty and torn, Cherishing ever a hope forlorn, Buried in time and sense,— They plod their way with one lone thought, How shall our scanty fare be bought 1 Only as each day's work is wrought Cometh our recompense. With faces wan and furrowed with care, Follows the old, the young and fair. Up the narrow and winding stair, Each to their place assigned ; Never a moment glad and free Like birds of the air, or fish of the sea ; But one dull round of monotony, Dwarfs both body and mind. Broad and lofty the grim walls rise, Mocking the glory of earth and skies, Prisons of human sacrifice. Reared by monopoly ; Shut from beauties of mount and wold, Slaves to masters who hoard their gold ; Strong in the greed of power they hold, Deaf to the poor man's plea. There in the dim light doomed to toil, Honest earnings the rich man's spoil; Well may the feeling soul recoil From flagrant wrongs like these. Threads from the myriad spindles' twirled, There from the flying shuttles hurled, Tell a tale to the thinking world, And set hearts ill at ease. Coarse or fine be the fabric made, Bartered, or sold by change of trade, Never can value be on it paid, For none its worth shall know; Ye, who are wrapped in many a fold Of costly raiment, priced with gold, Think of the miseries yet untold Through which your comforts flow! Capital wielding its arm of might, Ruletli not with a love of right, Nor with equity will it requite Labor and industry ; Stately palaces for its kings, With scheming plans, and plotting rings, Unto the toiler's hovel brings Woe and penury. There are the waifs in mortal form, Scarcely sheltered from rudest storm, With little to keep the life-blood warm, The heirs of poverty ; Generations may come and go, Never a better state to know, Only to suffer while here below, Where blessings flow so free. But as the law of justice stands, Air, and water, and fertile lands, Should be given into the hands Of people in every clime ; Man, woman and child should be, liaised into glorious liberty, Borne to a knowledge full and free Of destinies sublime. It is not noble work we spurn, Nor from the marts of business turn, Only for higher motives yearn, Which prompt to impulse true ; And that a grander love of right May turn life's sorrows into light, May make the home and factory bright With aspects fresh and new. Then shall the glad earth, joyous teem With fruits of hope's elysian dream ; And all its wondrous wealth shall seem Like gifts from heaven above ; And the Millennial star of Peace Shall usher in the truth's increase ; Then poverty and crime shall cease, For man shall rule by love.