The Children's Grotto THE SUNBEAM'S STORY AMELIA J. CALVER I am a little sunbeam, bright, A very small one too, Yet there is many a pleasant thing, That I can find to do. Then listen to my narrative, Desponding ones of earth, And see if there is aught so small It cannot be of worth. It was a time of storms and gloom, And dreary were the days, The sun had hid behind the clouds, With all its cheering rays. And hope with all had seemed to fail, The crops were spoiling fast, For damp and cold with drenching rain, Had brought the mildew's blast. I plainly saw that famine sore, The fruits of this would prove, And 0! how earnestly I wished These miseries to remove. I said to my companions dear, ' Let us together blend, And with a hope some good to do Unto the earth descend.' But ah! my sisters fearful were ; They said they were too small, And could not penetrate the clouds Which formed so dense a wall. And e'en suppose they could, what then 1 They knew not where to go, The earth so broad, would never show The little they could do. But still the hope in me was strong, I started all alone ; Eesolved to aid the first I met, A plant, or weed or stone. And thus be blest for doing good, Though little it might be, If others failed in duty's path It would not do for me. And as I went, I first beheld A tender plant bowed down, A large and heavy drop of rain Had bent it to the ground. But when I came the drop rolled off, The plant then stood upright; And 0 ! the sight I next beheld Enwrapt me in delight. My sisters could not bear to see Me doing good alone, And when they saw me safely through They followed swiftly on. And thus the clouds were swept away, The sun shone brightly forth, And I beheld with pleasure sweet The smiling gladdened earth. Therefore take heart ye feeble ones, Though clouds obscure the day, Bestow a smile, or pleasant word To each one by the way. And thus your paths will be made bright And should the rains descend, The sunshine with the falling drops In rainbow hue will blend. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.