The Children's Grotto THE SUNBEAM'S STORY AMELIA J. CALVER I am a little sunbeam, bright, A very small one too, Yet there is many a pleasant thing, That I can find to do. Then listen to my narrative, Desponding ones of earth, And see if there is aught so small It cannot be of worth. It was a time of storms and gloom, And dreary were the days, The sun had hid behind the clouds, With all its cheering rays. And hope with all had seemed to fail, The crops were spoiling fast, For damp and cold with drenching rain, Had brought the mildew's blast. I plainly saw that famine sore, The fruits of this would prove, And 0! how earnestly I wished These miseries to remove. I said to my companions dear, ' Let us together blend, And with a hope some good to do Unto the earth descend.' But ah! my sisters fearful were ; They said they were too small, And could not penetrate the clouds Which formed so dense a wall. And e'en suppose they could, what then 1 They knew not where to go, The earth so broad, would never show The little they could do. But still the hope in me was strong, I started all alone ; Eesolved to aid the first I met, A plant, or weed or stone. And thus be blest for doing good, Though little it might be, If others failed in duty's path It would not do for me. And as I went, I first beheld A tender plant bowed down, A large and heavy drop of rain Had bent it to the ground. But when I came the drop rolled off, The plant then stood upright; And 0 ! the sight I next beheld Enwrapt me in delight. My sisters could not bear to see Me doing good alone, And when they saw me safely through They followed swiftly on. And thus the clouds were swept away, The sun shone brightly forth, And I beheld with pleasure sweet The smiling gladdened earth. Therefore take heart ye feeble ones, Though clouds obscure the day, Bestow a smile, or pleasant word To each one by the way. And thus your paths will be made bright And should the rains descend, The sunshine with the falling drops In rainbow hue will blend. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. THE SHAKER—ITS MISSION MARCIA E. HASTINGS The Shaker, a name that is hallowed and blest, And will be revered more and more ; Your work and your mission will yet be confessed, And souls will acknowledge its power. The Shaker,—and will He not 'terribly shake ' The earth, and the heavens as well ? With earth, this is being fulfilled, no mistake, As present conditions can tell. Look forth to the East, to the North, and the West, The South keep not back in the train; Upheavals, convulsions,—a common unrest, Are prevalent through every domain. Eruptions, and fevers, and fires and flood, Which no human hand can prevent ; Disasters and tragedies, shedding of blood,'] Are doing their work in extent. A shaking of matter, and trying of mind Are greatly the work of the day ; An epoch of change and of progress com- bined, And Shakers are forcing their way. There 're those agitators, both female and male,— Reformers,—they're Shakers indeed, Though diverse their gifts, one for right, they'll prevail; God for them,;we wish them good speed. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 45 These agents are shaking and sifting throughout, And fanning the chaff from the wheat; One stone on another, when all's brought about, Is not left, as falseness nor cheat. The work will go on, 'tis of God, can't be stayed, Though its agents unpopular be ; And may, being human, some veerings have made; Yet truth, ultimately, we'll see. Offenses may come, we'll not marvel at that The good may be scourged, made more good, The dross more apparent by every attack ; And shaking, the dross will exclude. Let us who have long borne the title, and claim Pre-eminent heirship thereto, See to it, and never dishonor the name, By vaunting ourselves more than due. Be wise as are serpents and harmless as doves, Discreet, take good care not to hurt ' The oil and the wine' in religion and loves; No good may we ever subvert. 'T were better a millstone were hanged 'bout the neck, Than one who owns Christ we offend. The work is momentous, keep human in check, And let Divine wisdom transcend. That wisdom is peaceable, — being first pure,— It raiseth its subjects above The gross elements, and will help them secure, A mission that worketh by love. Ah who, more than Shakers, that people should be To whom will be turned a pure speech ? * May nominal Shakers of every degree Work in the reform this will teach. Then we must divide between Spirit and flesh, Make use of the sharp two-edged sword And pray that God's spirit may dictate and bless Each sentence, and every word. Success to ' The Shaker !' let all raise one prayer: ' Our Father, and Mother Divine: As one, bless our efforts, and help us prepare Thy Zion in glory to shine.' Canterbury, N. H. * See Zephaniah, 3: 9.