HYGIENIC AND CHRISTIAN CONSISTENCIES G. B. AVERY Christianity and its religion are often tabooed and cumbered with fashions and customs that have their origin in accidents, incidents of climatic comfort or necessity, or the product of popular opinion; and often this is of such gigantic strength, that Christian influences make slow progress in eradicating errors and freaks of inconsistency. Popular opinion is, commonly, a thing of gradual and slow growth ; being hampered by the thongs of custom, fashion, prejudice and sympathy. Patent to the observation of all active minds is the fact that, however true and useful an innovation may be, to conform society to the laws of hygiene concerning the physical or spiritual man, it requires much time and labor to make a change. This applies to the entire train of life's duties and practices ; for popular opinion is the conservator and modifier of fashions, though not the projector nor inventor of them. It is the monitorial tutor of custom in conversation, of written correspondence, and largely the promulgator of habits of life and the etiquette of manner. Popular opinion relative to what is conducive to health, comfort and happiness of the physical man, is measurably influenced by the climatic provisions of nature. As an illustration of this, we refer to the customs of the Esquimaux ; the inhabitants of Sibe- ria and Kamschatka having five meals a day, and consuming immense quantities of seal's flesh, brain oil and candle fish, all of which is necessary to supply the fuel for the im- mense combustion constantly in operation by the intense cold and condensed atmosphere of those countries, and which nature has abundantly provided in those climes for use. Also, the peculiar styles of dress of both sexes in those regions, wrapping the limbs and entire frame in furs, and the extremities in socks sufficient to smother an inhabitant of the torrid zone ; these necessities nature has provided in those zones of frigid clime, accessible to man, but denied them existence in the torrid regions. Thus the inhabitants of South America, Africa, and the Society Islands, in contrast with the former, go almost, and oft times, entirely naked ; subsisting upon sour fruits, blood thinners and farinacia of the most simple and nitrogenous quality ; and of these they have and need but two, or but one meal a day. Thus, measurably following the wake of necessity, the fashions and customs of nations and individuals become inaugurated and perpetual ; and incidents of necessity teach the philosophy that environs society with its customs, fashions and idiosyncrasies. Nature has given those races of men who inhabit the temperate and frigid zones 26 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Straight, long, flowing, thick hair, and a beard covering a large portion of the face, while those who inhabit the torrid zone have thin, short, curly hair, and but little or no beard. The custom of shaving the beard appears to be of comparatively modern introduction ; and, so far as we know, not originated in conformity to, or in consideration of, hygienic principles; in fact, the practices of shaving and beard wearing have alternated among certain nations for two thousand years, and, at one time shaving was rather a sacerdotal badge, and mostly or entirely confined to the priesthood. The Turks have ever held the beard a sacred trust, and, on no occasion will permit shaving it off ; while at certain epochs, shaving the beard obtained prowess among other nations, possibly from motives of cleanliness, convenience, or, may be the fashion obtained sympathetically. But, asidefrom cleanliness (which, by the way, is no inconsiderable motive), there appears to be little to recommend shaving, when hygienically considered, and its practice must be considered more as the subject of fashion, than as an institution of propriety, arising from necessity or climatic expediency. Mankind are so sympathetically inclined the creatures of influence and circumstance, that fashion has an immense power upon society, both for good or ill, according as it is wisely or unwisely adopted, and made applicable or inapplicable to human needs and comforts. That religion has any just claims to fashion, consists in the fact that, through the medium of the sympathies, mankind are largely influenced both for good and ill ; and, through their influence there is an innate desire in human beings, devoted to the maintenance of one and the same principles of philosophy or religion, to be uniformly clothed and badged, as uniformity of dress, language, manner and custom, tends to harmony of feelings and unity of pur pose; thus, approximately, embodying in the individual, the strength of the whole multitude of the pi'ofession. Arising from these considerations and tending to these results, is the institution of specific badges worn by members of a certain league or order, and the effect is always beneficial to the cause instituting it and often magical in its power. These considerations form the basis of any and all reasonable demands of any religious institution, for a conformity of its members in fashion of dress or the cutting of the hair or trimming of the beard ; and it necessarily follows that propriety, in reference to the introduction of changes of fashion or custom , would consist in educating the general mind into the conviction of the consistency of the proposed innovation before the attempt to enforce a change, or institute an innovation upon former customs or fashions. Peculiar religious habitudes of life, as the practice of virgin celibacy and others, have their origin in an evolution of humanity confirmed by a spiritualistic revelation. These are the constituents of man's onward march of progress into superior soul life ; carrying man out of, and beyond the hygiene of the earthy rudimentary sphere of a mere physical existence, and are justifiable on the basic philosophy that man's being in its entirety, comprehends the evolution and development of soul, as well as physical body. The harmonious and innocent development of both the animal and angel of man's being was the evident design of our Creator; but, inasmuch as the angel nature of man has been subverted by and subjected to the animal of his being, through his own misdirected will, a reconstruction can take place only through the process of a regeneration —a new birth into an angelic sphere ; this is Christianity's present object, and only consistent, life-long labor of love— to make man a new creature, and to create for himself new earthly and heavenly conditions— a new earth and new Heaven. Shakers. N. Y.