THOUGHTS FOR TO-DAY A royal decree has been issued... A royal decree has been issued that every slave escaping from Cuba to Spain, or any of her provinces, shall be declared free., and their value will be paid the owners from the public treasury. This is something on the old Jewish system of providing ' cities of refuge,' and is in marked contrast to the inhuman fugitive slave laws which once disgraced the statute books of civilized America. The sword of American freemen has severed the chains of slavery, but the old spirit of the driver remains a hard inheritance for the black man. Every teacher of civilization and humanity should prompt the nation to protect these uneducated people, whose labor and lives for generations have been spent in adding millions to the nation's wealth without benefit to them selves. —Chicago Inter-Ocean. If two men are united... If two men are united, the wants of neither are any greater, in some respects, than they would be were they alone, and their strength is superior to the strength of two separate men. A more glorious victory cannot be gained... A more glorious victory cannot be gained over another man than this, that when the injury began on his part, the kindness should begin on ours. It is not what people eat... It is not what people eat but what they digest that makes them strong. It is not what they gain but what they save that makes them rich. It is not what they read but what they remember that makes them learned. It is not what they profess but what they practice that makes them righteous. I am a farmer, and I recognize... 1 am a farmer, and I recognize that my lands belong to the Lord. The corn and wheat are his, the horses are his, the cattle are his. ' For every beast of the forest is mine, and the cattle upon a thousand hills.' (Ps. 1, 10.) I am a merchant; all my goods are the Lord's, and I am his. I am a banker; all my silver and gold are the Lord's. ' The silver is mine, and the gold is mine, said the Lord of hosts.' (Haggai ii, 8.) All I have is thine, and I am thine ; I am thy steward. Dost thou call for thy money 1 Here it is Lord. Pardon my past neglect. In the future I will give back that which is thine. To this I pledge myself in thy name, O Lord. We hear it asked if doctrinal zeal... We hear it asked if doctrinal zeal can, in this country, be fanned into war. I answer, mix it with state matters, and see. Show me a people, whether Catholic or Protestant, who persistently shut their eyes and ears to free discussions and candid investigation— who see no good, no honesty, and no religion outside the picket lines of their own church —who are so destitute of moral sense as to base their regard and respect for their fellow man upon the doctrine he professes, rather than upon the solid substratum of character he is known to possess, and I will show you people who carry perpetual war in their hearts.—Clarke. Bishop Jagger, of the Protestant Episcopal Church... Bishop Jagger, of the Protestant Episcopal Church, said in a recent sermon : ' The true corrective for wrangling controversies and dangerous extravagances of teaching is the strengthening by every means, by preaching, by teaching, by prayer, by example, of a living, positive faith in the Saviour. This 42 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. draws men in toward the center; this softens their asperities of feeling ; this restores the balance of their minds ; this anchors them so firmly in essentials that they cannot be shipwrecked.' Men may think and talk as they please... ' Men may think and talk as they please,' writes Bishop J. Weaver; 'but of this lam satisfied, nothing will do the church so much good as the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Cold, abstract reasoning will do some good; but it will never unite divided hearts in the work of the church. Jesus is the great center. As we draw nigh to him, we draw nigh to each other. All are one in Christ. I know of no other way to lead people away from the follies of this world except to lead them nearer to Christ. When he becomes all in all to a soul, there is but little desire for the follies and amusements of this world.' The following from the Voice of Truth... The following from the Voice of Truth has the true ring: ' The true reformer never stops to question the opinions of the populace, but with the awakening of a new idea, he gives birth to grand truths that add a stronger impetus to every reformatory movement ; no suppression, no cringing or holding back for policy's sake, but an outburst of fearlessly uttered words, crushing error and overthrowing all obstacles in the way to freedom.' My working sympathies go with the evangelical, orthodox ministry... ' My working sympathies go with the evangelical, orthodox ministry. I refuse to be held to consistency with any dogmatic system of theology of the past. I am with Calvin, and against Calvin ; I am with Arminius, and against Arminius; I am with Episcopacy, and against Episcopacy; I am with the Roman Church, and against it—my object being, not to build or to defend any system of theology or government, but to bring men near to God, and build them up in holiness of life. —Henry Ward Beecher. The Rev. Graham Taylor, in a recent paper... The Rev. Graham Taylor, in a recent paper on the ' Heresy of Life,' gives expression to the following sentiments. They should be matters of serious thought with us. ' More heresy is lived than is written or oelieved. Although less talked of and condemned, the heresy of life is more culpable and disastrous than that of opinion. The Gospel has suffered more from the underestimate of the one than from the overrated influence of the other. * * If the church was only as orthodox in life as in faith, if it guarded as jealously against heretical living as against disbelief, surely the Word would have ' free course, and run and be glorified.'' A charitable untruth, and uncharitable truth... A charitable untruth, and uncharitable truth, and an unwise managing of truth or love, are all to be carefully avoided of him that would go with a right foot in the narrow way—Bishop Hall. The Rev. Julius H. Ward, in a recent lecture... The Rev. Julius H. Ward, in a recent lecture delivered on the subject of ' Christian Socialism,' says : ' The people want teachers who shall stand behind their teachings and not in front of them,' A good doctrine to remember. What artificial light is to sunlight... 'What artificial light is to sunlight that is the theory of truth to the truth which is lived. The one but lights up the depths of the surrounding darkness, the other dispels it.'—Christian Intelligencer. Elder Evans, of the Shakers... Elder Evans, of the Shakers, attributes to the use of animal food the thirst for intoxicating drinks. ' I have found,' he says, ' by many years' experience, that whenever I get a man to abstain from the use of flesh meats, much salt and other condiments, he quite easily leaves alcohol, tobacco and other drugs.'—Yates Co. Chronicle.