Editorial THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. WE CANNOT DO IT Several letters lie before us, each very smoothly, yet respectfully asking u if Shaherism cannot be made more palatable,' so that our present numbers of a few thousands, might be multiplied into as many millions ? Thanking the good intentions of our corre- spondents, we have only to reply: We, the Shakers, did not originate Shakerism ; would never have made it as it is; but had it waited existence at our selfish, mortal inclinations, we would very likely have made it as ' palatable ' to poor, fallen, fleshly human nature as they could have desired ; and as attractive to the millions, by the absence of the Christian's cross, as is the Catholic, Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, or any man-made, man-pleasing theology. Our chief concern is, not to be self-pleasers in the lusts of the world ; but God pleasers in all the self-denials necessary to make of us Christians. The world do not ask us in plain terms to be less pure ; less unselfish ; less peaceable; but every line of such sympathy as pities our self-denying lives and constant cross-bearing, and wishing us more worldly, palatable indulgence, and promising as a consequence, great numbers, is of the world, and very unchristian. In believing Christianity as best for us, and for our certain elevation above the passions of human perversion, as well as mere worldly good, we accepted Shakerism, so called, as the best exponent, to-day, of the ancient faith of Jesus; and just as Jesus crucified himself to the world, lived apart from its generative, selfish, warring tendencies, so we have voluntary pinned ourselves upon that identical cross; and though all the world promise to join us, if we will come down from the principles of the Shaker cross, tve cannot, we will not do it. We have derived too much unworldly happiness, too much serene justification, in our more than accepted vows of consecration to virgin celibacy and chastity, to come down now. Our lives are none too near the Master's, with all of the rules regulating Shaker life, that we can justifi- ably pause for worldly refreshment. Our lives are not now too fully hid with Christ's in godly unselfishness that we can with any Christian consideration deny ourselves of less. Our lives are not so free from those entangling turmoils, that rise from fleshly taint to disturb a Christian peace, that we can turn our battles from within, and fight a little without, and still be Christians. Not so, dear friends; do not ask us to come down from the cross which Christ bore, but be drawn nearer unto him by similar denials and similar life. There is too little of radical Christianity now in the world ; the tendency of the world is ever away from it. Bather join us in the endeavor to be living samples of the faith delivered to the apostles and to us, in and by the life of Jesus, the gdii0rtat. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 37 Christ of his day. Look we all around us, and in the almost forgotten past, to see wrecks upon wrecks of institutions which aimed at an improvement of Shakerism, by leaving out its ' unpalatable ' features ! Virgin Celibacy and Chastity unpalatable ? The Christian Unselfishness of Jesus unpalatable ? Peace, unpalatable ? Separation from the world — its carnal, corroding, scorfcative loves and lusts, unpalatable ? Ask us not, to make these unpalatable, we cannot do it.