The True Ring The Churchman says : ' Men judge of Christianity by the lives of those who profess and call themselves Christians,' which we most assuredly agree with others, is a truth worth heeding in our Church. If we desire to proclaim our doctrines, we must live them. To Those Interested We hold ourselves open to lecture engagements for any further fuller exposition of ' Shaker Faith and Principles,' also upon ' The Jews, Jesus and Christians,' ' Spiritualism among the Shakers,' ' The False and the Truth of Spiritualism' 'The Gospel of Common Sense.' Our only stipulation would be to be paid our expenses in transitu, and a sum equal to twentyfive subscriptions for The Manifesto. A Great Need Will there not be a unanimous desire expressed for the re-issue of the paper Fractional Currency? Silver is heavy, unmailable and inconvenient, excepting as a necessity. Will not the press of the country urge upon our Senators and Representatives in Congress, for a bill that will give us paper money of frac- tional values, even as we now have legal tenders in greenbacks of larger denominations? In the meantime, let our subscribers comfort themselves with the pleasant assurance that a One Dollar Greenback will ensure a copy of The Manifesto to them for 1879, and also a copy to another of similar appreciations. A Timely Reminder This office does not own a dollar, and its incumbent gets no salary ; do not then forget us in your charities, and let those who desire replies to their letters, please inclose the return postage. BAD PROPHECIES An almanac maker, who it must be admitted has prophesied correctly in several re- markable instances, says: '1879 will be a year of troubles. In February, Saturn and Mars will come in conjunction, stirring up trouble in Europe, Mexico and India. In March, many deeds of vengeance will be perpetrated in Russia, and on March 11 danger will lurk about Emperor William. A great church scandal will be developed in England. War and famine in China and India. Great discord between President Hayes and his people ; also with the Indians. In April, great religious agitations. In May, great adversity with railway securities. In June, war in Austria, Turkey and Greece. In America, cruel epidemic fever and cattle disease. Good fortune to the ADVOCATES OF WOMEN SUFFRAGE. In DECEMBER, Socialists of Europe will become a terror, and shake many dynasties.' This London astrologist has gained celebrity by coming within 24 hours of the earthquake at Cumana in which 4,000 lives were lost ; also of the Ashtabula railroad horror, and by the terrible sunstrokes of last July. We wish him good luck in better prophecies. One Dollar Per Capitum The primitive Methodist church of England is considered the poorest Christian community in that country, and yet it raised last year $150,000 for missionary purposes. This was an average of one dollar for every member of the denomination, and a higher average than that of most of the wealthier denominations. Hark ! — A new religion has appeared in India. It is called the ' Arya Somaj,' and of its tenets The Pall Mall Gazette says, they ' comprise a revival of most of the fair humanities of old religion which are associated with some of the mysterious rites of which the trustees of the British Museum prudently keep the memorials in a cellar.' An English member of the sect declares that it is ' the purest religious movement of modern times, and a reformatory agitation which inculcates a morality of almost unattainable severity,' adding that so far from being a secret society, as has been said, it is '' the most active and public propaganda now existing in India, or perhaps in the world, not excepting the Christian missionary enterprises, to which, no doubt, it is bitterly opposed.'