ECHOES CATHARINE ALLEN On the banks of some placid sheet of water how many persons, almost unconsciously, have picked up pebbles and cast them one by one into the crystal depths, and watched the circles form and widen until their ripples reached the shore. The atmosphere surrounding the earth is a vast ocean whose susceptibility to motion is far greater than that of water ; and all sound is received by vibrations or waves in the air, similar to those we see in water when its tranquillity is disturbed by any thing dropped therein. But the ocean of air is compara- tively limitless, and, surrounding a globe, it can have no shores. Where, then, do its waves cease their expanding circles? Philosophers tell us that they never cease ; that the active principle which produces sound continues its vibrations and repeats its echoes throughout the universe eternally. Sublime thought! Who can contemplate the magnitude of the wondrous laws which pulsate the heart of creation without turning in reverential aspiration to the supreme origin ? And when we remember, as one said anciently, that ' he who knows God only through His creation, knows Him merely by his shadow,' and that even when the veil is lifted from nature's rich arcana, the fragments of scientific truth which are perceived by the intellect are only outward expressions of spirit forces more subtle and interior, which emanate from the great soul of all being. Then, if the little telephone — as yet imperfect — seems a wonderful thing, because of its capacity to reproduce the messages which have once been conveyed through it, what must be the chorus of the myriad voices whose echoes are perpetually rolling through the boundless universe of soul? Let us close the senses to outward things, that with quickened spirit-powers we may list to the tones of God's voice which comes down to us from the unknown infinitude ; that we may learn something of the means by which they have reached us, and mark their effect upon our present being. There have been and are individuals here and there who, by an inner sense, could learn and describe the early location and surroundings and much of the subsequent history of pearls and shells from the strand, mossy rocks from the forest, ancient coins from desolated cities, and other things which we are accustomed to think of as utterly inert, even when these are far remote from their native homes. This proves the susceptibility of the most inactive substances to impressions from surrounding objects, and the echo of all with which they have come in contact rebounds upon sensitive minds. Others, through the powers of reason, illumined and quickened by intuition, have 32 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. listened to the music of the mighty laws by which God called the universe into being, and whose harmonious action, through whirling centuries, has sustained and held within their orbits the countless systems of worlds which fill immensity of space. The refraction of this music reached Galileo's superior perceptions, when, in face of dungeon bars and fiery stake, he made the then startling declaration, ' The world moves!' Years later its refrain was echoed to Newton by the falling of an apple from its parent stem. From that moment the mystery of the grand dual forces, vitalized by the central soul, and extending to the smallest atom of creation, has been gradually disclosing. When Franklin bottled the lightnings from the sky, and some of his scientific successors sent it flying over mountain and plain, and through the billowy deep, bearing the thoughts of men, it was another expression of the same law reflected from the invisible world which prompted their ideas, and the pressure of unseen powers which urged and sustained the projectors in the enterprise, when the tongue of ridicule was rampant and gaunt poverty stood ready to seize them should failure mark their efforts. Tones caught from the sphere of causation have exercised a strong influence in developing more rational philosophies and a higher civilization, particularly in the western world, and they still repeat themselves in advancing waves of thought; but far more potent in the elevation of man have been those influences which have acted upon his higher religious nature — the echoes from the inner spiritual spheres, which have been borne by superior intelligences to all receptive minds down through the ages ; and there have ever been agencies through which the will of the Infinite has been made known to mortals. In the motions of the little ship anciently carried by priests, veiled in a sacred shrine, whose sails were moved by spirit wings, in the letters on the breastplate, illumined by Shechina's light, in the voice between the Cherubim and from the burning bush, in the laws engraved on tables of stone, in the thunders which rolled from Sinai's height, from mouths of prophets and holy witnesses, and through innumerable instrumentalities, the oracles of God have been sounded to the denizens of earth, whatever may have been the means employed or the ideas received, some important principle has always been embodied. The more spiritual class, unsatisfied with outward signs, have earnestly aspired for communion with divine teachers, that they might know of the nature and destiny of the soul ; that they might learn truth and establish its immutable laws among mankind. For this purpose many beautiful souls have nobly struggled with inward foes until the wild tumult of passion was hushed and the voice of earthly pleasure silenced by conquest. Then in the pure air of the mountain heights, the solitudes of the valley, or the stillness of the lone chamber, away from outward obstructions, with uplifted hearts,they have sought the Divine presence. The inspirations which then flowed into their inner consciousness was the music of angel bands floating through celestial air. They caught the strains, and transmitted those echoes to other souls, and history proves to us that their melodies have reverberated from mind to mind down through the long corridors of time, whose walls yet vibrate with lofty sentiments, and humanity bear the impress of their refining influences. Linked in the great chain of being, no one can live for himself alone ; even our inmost thoughts bear upon the individual character, and are manifest through deeds. Conscious of this great law, let us, through rational self-denial and deep spirit- ual devotion, ascend to those holy heights where we, too, may have our beings raptured with the music of the spheres ; the bells of truth are ever pealing forth their harmonies from the glory-lighted dome of life's stupendous temple. The heavenly archways resound their chimings, and the invisible hosts chant their sweet symphonies and draw near to earth seeking receptive minds to whom they can impart what they have learned, that all the strains of music which have ever reached the ears of mortals are THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 33 but parts of the one song of the universe — ' God is love.' Let our life so accord with all truth that its echo forever shall be, ' God is love.' Mount Lebanon, N. Y.