RELIGION MARCIA M. BULLARD I saw my brother bending beneath a weight of care, Hie tottering footsteps tending to sorrow and despair; His feeble spirit failing for want of kindly aid, No friendly hand availing when sorest sorrows weighed ; I saw the hoary wanderer bereft of kin and home, In this fair earth a stranger, for want had made him roam ; Through dreary snows of winter, beneath the tempest's blast, His only hopes were centered, to find the grave at last. I heard the cannon booming, the mingled din of war, And saw the gallant falling beneath the battle star; I heard the wounded groaning upon a bed of pain, The wailing of the widow for those in battle slain; I saw the orphans toiling for bread they could not gain, With tiny hands uplifted, alas! they plead in vain; To them but crumbs were falling from tables spread by wealth, Till forced by want appalling they took their bread by stealth. I saw a fair-haired first-born, a mother's hope and joy— A father's pride and promise, his only darling boy; I saw him in his manhood, so noble in his mind, In honor rising upward, exalted place to find; But ah! I saw him bending to sip the flowing bowl, Hi3 steps were downward tending to degradation's goal; I saw him when in horror he shrank from human eye, When those who seemed the warmest but sadly passed him by. I saw my sister languish—temptation's snare endure; I saw her keenest anguish while striving to be pure; Her little cup o'erflowing with misery, want and woe, I heard her soul outpouring for help she could not know ; I saw her weakly yielding, for she could bear no more, Within her heart was grieving that she had been so poor, With garments torn and tattered, a stain upon her brow, While those who fondly flattered, turned coldly from her now. I saw a loving maiden, in simple raiment clad, Her countenance all beaming with love that maketh glad, She came unto the sorrowing — the heavy- laden heart. And to the wearied mourner true comfort to impart, She gently took the burden from off the care-worn breast, Then led the way through quiet paths into the home of rest; She gave the lonely stranger a shelter from the storm, The tattered wretched ranger she clothed in garments warm. The stricken mourning widow was comforted and fed, The famished toiling orphans she blessed with needed bread ; She stretched her hands out bravely toward the field of blood, Her magic wand was powerful to stay the fiery flood ; She poured the healing balsam into the deadly wound, And o'er contending forces she spread a calm profound, Through all her land was twining the Olive and the Vine, For Peace had here a temple, and there a sacred shrine. Unto the foul inebriate she gave a helping hand, Uplifted from the fallen state she made him firmly stand Against the tempter's dire assaults, with reason armed his soul, With resolution filled his heart, to hate the cursed bowl; She smote the chain that bound him—the tyrant's fetters fell— No more the serpent charmed him, she broke the magic spell, • She laved his burning temples in nature's cooling tide, And to his beating bosom brought back his manhood's pride. She bathed the fallen sister, with water from the brink Of life's reclaiming river, and there she bade her drink, She taught her how to cleanse her robes — her innocence restore, Then said in gentle accents, ' go thou and sin no more.' 36 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. She tills the heart with tenderness, with charity and love, Spreads o'er the earth a gentleness—the spirit of the dove— Eedeemer of the erring, unknown to worldly fame, From heaven hath descended, Religion is her name. Canaan, N. Y.