RENOVATION E. F. COLLINS The principle of renovation has been working ever since the creation of spirit and matter. All of material nature tends to death and decay, as we term it, but is only undergoing the continuation of change through the chemical action of unseen forces. All force, spirit and power are too subtle for the natural organ of sight, though we are made aware of their potency by effects produced on every thing movable, tangible or auricular, from which we draw conclusive evidence that the unseen is the powerful, active and living motor of all creations, spiritual and natural. Like the leaven in the wheat, God has striven in the heart of man to quicken his sensibilities and convictions of right and wrong, as also the powers of evil have labored to maintain a claim and hold on his being, as a medium for the working of darkness. From the first efforts of the little child, we trace the unfolding of the two natures —the appreciation of the divine and religious, and the tendency to violate a con- sciousness of right and seek its own covering of falsehood. As the bud of infancy opens to years of understanding, so is the choice made which to serve, vice or virtue. To those who form a covenant with life to their souls, and embrace virtue as their standard, to wave above the legion of temptations, follies and insinuations of its antagonist, there is a long struggle, a contest which shall keep the soul in the battle field till the giant wrong is felled to the ground and peace is proclaimed through self conquest. But right over might, and good over evil, Will sway in the heart that is valiant and strong ; As ebony darkness gives place to the sunlight, So truth shall succeed every error and wrong. To those who established our peculiar Order on the rock of true principle — ' founding the fabric we love'—we are indebted, for they, through hardship, toil and voluntary sufferings, founded our Zion home. Though necessity in its sternness brought upon them the burden of heavy labor, hunger, and the denial of bodily comforts, the ardency of spirit with which they worshipped God and destroyed evil, was as a never-failing spring of sweet waters, whose powers to refresh were often miraculous. These pillars were brought into the temple during the prevalence of a religious revival, which had spread extensively over the land —one of God's revolutions in the spiritual elements which have ever marked past history, and will continue to bear impress on the future annals of time. Conviction for sin, and desires for redemption, strengthened endurance of trials in our dear gospel fathers and mothers, the realization of which we who live in a day of plentitude may never know. The baptism descending on those good old worthies, extended its influence down through future generations, to bless and inspire the people, even when their saintly shadows had long ceased their casting within the limits of their transient home. Like all other religious waves that have passed over nations, these waters receded to the great eternal ocean, gradually leaving the world to move on in the career of sin and folly till spiritual destitution has seemingly written despair on the rushing throng of humanity, and nearly everywhere the soul is seen silently begging the bread of life, too often to receive a stone. But God lives on, and will again strike conviction in the hearts of the people, to waken to righteousness. To every age He has sent a Chrishna, a Buddha, a Jesus or an Ann Lee ; and shall not many Saviours appear, for the salvation of the race, according to the time and need ? Tho' truth, like a slumbering volcano, may be inactive for a time, the trembling of distant thunderings, of great causes, are indicative of the approach, or outbreak, of a 34 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. revival of soul-life that shall again show that God and truth are eternal, and are alone exempt from the laws of change and decay. Who has not some time in life, even though perhaps at the eleventh hour, heard the soft footsteps of an angel without the gate, and answered the gentle knock at the door of the heart for an entrance, whose presence has unsealed fountains long dry, and sent forth streams of repentant tears ; when the misdeeds of sleeping conscience have been brought from the many secret chambers, where they had been stored away in hoped-for forgetfulness ? And who in that hour has not longed for a confiding friend, to whom the troubled mind might be relieved of its burden; and failing to find such, has seen, with sadness, the angel re- cross the threshold, to vanish from sight; the fountains run dry, and the deeds of life replaced in the little closets of the heart and locked up, to remain until a second visit from the angel of conviction brings them forth with greater vividness ? Who has not, when in Methodist, Presbyterian, or other revival meetings, tasted the sweet and heavenly showers of divine life, desired and resolved to live more godly—to ' cease from doing evil and to learn to do well ? ' God toes and will never forsake humanity. Mortals, through sin and waywardness, may wander like sheep from the fold, forsaking the good shepherd and shepherdess, but God will never forsake. The manifestation of spirit-force has ever found mediums through whom to flow — either in bodily exercise, in tongue, or profound silence — in whose depth a lasting substance could be gained; such oracles have been and are a blessing. As the foundation of our Zion is spirituality, purity and true religion, these elements must be sustained by the same effort that laid it. And as time has added many years to the lives of our present exemplars, let us who are young feel the weight of the burden, and prepare ourselves to cheerfully relieve them of their care, that they may see their latest sun set in peace, and bless the work of God as it is borne on by the earnest and strong. Let us, through exertion, send a thrill of power through Zion that shall awaken vitality, and set her pulse throbbing anew with the life-blood of spiritual testimony that shall declare, ' God lives and will revive His people.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.