WAR, SHAMEFUL CHAUNCY DIBBLE Governments make war to maintain their honor. Such nations glory in their shame! How many such wars haye been engaged in by England, France, Russia, Germany! Our own boasted Republic! Our Indian wars, Mexican war, and our late lamented uncivil war! Were they not instigated chiefly by idle politicians ? Were they wars of honor to our nation ? England, not long since, was fighting a small nation, whom she ought to protect, not to fight. This is her conception of honor. Her flag had been slighted. The poor Afghans had hesitated to comply with her arbitrary demands. Some high fed officers tired of camp duty were thirsting for military fame. The policy of rulers is for more territory. Oh, England! who, but a few months since pretended to hold the balance, between Russia and Turkey ; who but lately sent delegates to a Convention, of Nations assembled to discuss the propriety of settling diffi- culties between governments by peaceable arbitration! Art thou first to break the peace, and manifest thy impetuous tyranny over a weaker nation, not so favored with life's com- forts, with literary knowledge nor gospel light as thine ? Dost thou, professing to maintain the National Church of the Prince of Peace, contrary to his divine precepts, sacrifice the lives of thy subjects, and oblige them to smite those who are not enemies ? Professing the sanctity of the Christian, dost thou not act the heathen ? Where are thy hundreds of thou- sands paupers ? Wouldst thou not reap more honor to the Christian cause, to relieve the necessities of thy poor at home, than by expensive war and taxation to increase their misery, by THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 29 creating widows and orphans at home and abroad ? Dost thou pray for the millennium, and wait for its dawn, and know not that its glorious Sun of truth hath arisen ? That its life-giving atmosphere of love, peace, purity and equality is circulating through the enlightened classes of minds in all countries ? And dost thou, professing to be foremost in evangelical truth, reject the light of this millennial day which has waited long for thee? Beware, lest by slighting the invitation, thou become like the Jews of the first appearing, cast away! Look not in the clouds for the Saviour ; lo! his spirit is near even in thy midst. Inasmuch as ye have done it to the least ye have done it unto me. Shakers,. N. Y.