Editorial THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. WE CANNOT DO IT Several letters lie before us, each very smoothly, yet respectfully asking u if Shaherism cannot be made more palatable,' so that our present numbers of a few thousands, might be multiplied into as many millions ? Thanking the good intentions of our corre- spondents, we have only to reply: We, the Shakers, did not originate Shakerism ; would never have made it as it is; but had it waited existence at our selfish, mortal inclinations, we would very likely have made it as ' palatable ' to poor, fallen, fleshly human nature as they could have desired ; and as attractive to the millions, by the absence of the Christian's cross, as is the Catholic, Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, or any man-made, man-pleasing theology. Our chief concern is, not to be self-pleasers in the lusts of the world ; but God pleasers in all the self-denials necessary to make of us Christians. The world do not ask us in plain terms to be less pure ; less unselfish ; less peaceable; but every line of such sympathy as pities our self-denying lives and constant cross-bearing, and wishing us more worldly, palatable indulgence, and promising as a consequence, great numbers, is of the world, and very unchristian. In believing Christianity as best for us, and for our certain elevation above the passions of human perversion, as well as mere worldly good, we accepted Shakerism, so called, as the best exponent, to-day, of the ancient faith of Jesus; and just as Jesus crucified himself to the world, lived apart from its generative, selfish, warring tendencies, so we have voluntary pinned ourselves upon that identical cross; and though all the world promise to join us, if we will come down from the principles of the Shaker cross, tve cannot, we will not do it. We have derived too much unworldly happiness, too much serene justification, in our more than accepted vows of consecration to virgin celibacy and chastity, to come down now. Our lives are none too near the Master's, with all of the rules regulating Shaker life, that we can justifi- ably pause for worldly refreshment. Our lives are not now too fully hid with Christ's in godly unselfishness that we can with any Christian consideration deny ourselves of less. Our lives are not so free from those entangling turmoils, that rise from fleshly taint to disturb a Christian peace, that we can turn our battles from within, and fight a little without, and still be Christians. Not so, dear friends; do not ask us to come down from the cross which Christ bore, but be drawn nearer unto him by similar denials and similar life. There is too little of radical Christianity now in the world ; the tendency of the world is ever away from it. Bather join us in the endeavor to be living samples of the faith delivered to the apostles and to us, in and by the life of Jesus, the gdii0rtat. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 37 Christ of his day. Look we all around us, and in the almost forgotten past, to see wrecks upon wrecks of institutions which aimed at an improvement of Shakerism, by leaving out its ' unpalatable ' features ! Virgin Celibacy and Chastity unpalatable ? The Christian Unselfishness of Jesus unpalatable ? Peace, unpalatable ? Separation from the world — its carnal, corroding, scorfcative loves and lusts, unpalatable ? Ask us not, to make these unpalatable, we cannot do it. THE SUM TOTAL While theology is good as a guideboard, the end to be accomplished is to live the very best, possible life. 'Tis not to live under illy-considered denials to self, nor to make ourselves unhappy with the idea that our unhappiness is in the least pleasing to God, or • to mediators between us and God. Self-denials and crosses are ever accompanied by tribulations, and out of these tribulations, if the denials and crosses are well-considered, as means to better ends, the denials and crosses will cease to be such —will be worn out as such denominations—and a re-generation ensue which will shed a halo of happiness from a course of life which once was obnoxious, and thought to be unbearable. If there is any system of life, whose sum total will foot up for our benefit a greater amount of a happiness which gold and silver cannot buy—which the world cannot give nor take away—than Christianity gives us right here, we want to know of it. We do not now know of it. Skeptics decry Christianity because of its supposed selfish, carnal, fleshly and its many worldly attachments, but any system called Christianity having such features, hanging like barnacles to it, is unworthy of the name, and the end thereof is disappointment. There are many professions called Christianity; there are many noble men and women who are as yet unable to deny themselves of all that Jesus, the Christ, denied himself, but whoso would be an uncompromising, radical Christian, and reap and en joy the sum total which Jesus right- fully earned, will accept the ' follow me' as meaning all that it meant in him, and his followers cannot engage in the good nor bad of worldly principles which Jesus discarded, and at the same time expect to share in the glories, which shine out as sums total in his career, and to which we all pay such fulsome praise in admiration, song and speech, but which too many think cost too much to earn—too much of self-denials. 'When Jesus comes,' he will ask of us, not what we have believed, but ' how nearly have you followed the example I have set you in purity, peace and unselfishness ?' How useless then to talk of creeds; how more than useless then to say : ' I thought,' ' I was told,' ' I had faith to believe,' ' I hoped, etc.' ' Where is your unselfish manhood or womanhood?' 'Where, your selfdenials to live better than the world, and like unto me ? ' ' My virgin purity, meant consecration of self to higher purposes, where is yours ?' 'My life taught peace and unretalia- 38 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. tion, does yours v ' 'I might have been owner of wife, children, houses, lands, and been King in the world ; these I denied as an example for all who would be my disciples—Christians —nobler men and women than the surrounding world.' ' Why have ye called me Lord, Lord, yet followed not me, nor done the things I commanded you ? ' ' Go, learn now, that as you sow, so shall you reap; and as you choose to live like Christ, or rather as a worldling, so will be your sum total in the eternal world.' Such will be some of the utterances of Christ to the world, ' When Jesus Comes.'