'EXTRAORDINARY PROPHECY.' FREDERICK W. EVANS Such is the caption to an article in The American Socialist, of a late date. 'The Christian Dispensation is drawing to a close. A new dispensation will be inaugurated in countries occupied by AngloSaxons, in the year 1881. The bible will receive a more spiritual interpretation. Modern Spiritualism was needed to show men its hidden, actual, spiritual meaning. There will be notliing under the new dispensation out of harmony with the teachings of Jesus, but these teachings will be better understood and more conscientiously and thoroughly brought to bear on daily life. In three years hence, a man and woman will set up the new dispensation. Wonders, surpassing 30 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. any thing previously seen, will soon appear in connection with spiritualism. Mediums will be controlled in large public halls. The controlling spirits will then materialize themselves and deliver addresses, the medium sitting entranced on the platforms. The materialized spirits will speak through their own materialized organisms, and will be seen by every person present, whether believer or unbeliever; whether gifted with the powers of clairvoyance or not. No cabinets will be necessary. All that may be required will be that persons who have been sitting together in seances, and who are mediumistic, occupy the places nearest the platform, so as to increase the power. As a result, men will be bound together, not by creeds, but by personal purity, a desire for holiness and a love to God and one another.' The above prophecy is through W. J. Colville, an English medium now in this country. The remarkable salient points are (1.) The definite time set, agreeing with so many other prophecies of 1880 and 1881. (2.) The confining of the coming events to the Anglo-Saxon race. (3.) Recognizing the male and female principles as cooperating in the new dispensation. (4.) The substance of the prophecy agreeing with Shaker faith and prin- ciples, and its minute coincidence with prophecies given during our weeh of seances, last fall, at Mt. Lebanon. (5.) The practical end to be reached through helping spiritual agency. 'l Man's extremity is God's opportunity.' Help, or we perish ! is the cry going up from thousands upon earth to the spirit world. Not for idle curiosity ; not for personal aggrandizement ; not to exalt some individual sect or people, but to help humanity by such means as humanity requires. If individuals, societies or peoples are exalted in the process, let it be inevitable—a consequence of their usefulness. Let all receive as their works shall be. The controlling spirit—Brown—at Ohittenden, four years ago, promised the Shakers that the spirits would materialize at Mt. Lebanon. Again, when materializing here, he promised to do just what this English medium predicts ; to materialize (under Shaker auspices), and speak to large public assemblies. The cry of the people is for bread ; for the loaves and fishes. Under the present competitive system, bread exists, but the hungry cannot get it. It is merchandise, to be bought and sold, after being made by machinery. Even the ' souls of men' are numbered as among the items of merchandise, in Christendom that would cease to be objects of traffic. The radical, organic truths that alone can revolutionize society and begin to fulfill the predictions of the 21 of Revelations, will be heralded by the extending agency of physical materializations, as being adapted to the receptive forces of the human soul. The material loaves and the spiritual agency must be combined to produce the desired result. Man shall not live by bread alone, nor by philos- ophy alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God through prophets and prophetesses inspired by the Christ-spirit since the world began. The land reformers ; the abolitionist of wages, slavery ; the woman's rights man ; the peace advocate ; the physiologist; the temperance lecturer and the dress reformer will all be vitalized by spiritual influences that will send their truths THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 31 home to the hearts and consciences of the people, apparently without any reason. What may be called the foolishness of God will supplant the wisdom, and scientific knowledge of man, because the one is included in the other. ' If one rise from the dead they will believe.' We shall see how that is, for the dead will be more alive than the living. They will speak to mortal man, though his hair stand erect upon his head like quills upon the fretful porcupine. Blessed then will be the pure in heart, whose lives are clean from selfish, sinful, monopolizing worldliness. Such will be welcome helps on the platform, kindred souls with just men and women from spirit homes, who have died to self and who live to G-od and for humanity. Hail the day so long predicted, Hail the final jubilee ; Hail, all hail! triumphant gladness, Be to ransomed souls set free. ' Blessed are they who keep the sayings of this book '—Revelations— and of the living prophets of our own day and time. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.