MANNA DANIEL FRASER Every thing connected with the emancipation of the Hebrews from servitude until their settlement in Judea is to me a matter of more than mere historical interest. The conduct of Pharaoh in holding on to the services of an able-bodied people, irrespective of human rights, is noiv repeated by those in power. That Moses, a man of eighty years, having a stammering tongue, should demand from a strong government the releasement of all his people, is evidence that he was inspired. The anxious labors of himself and his brother Aaron would have been a failure, had not spiritual aid in tangible manifestations been given. The man- ner in which his people were hurried out of Egypt, leaving their old stuff behind, is a matter for thought, and for practical application. The manna and its daily supply underlay their ability to travel, and also of the physiological, moral, and social life of the people; intimating, that equality in food and labor was a necessity. As a man thinks and wills, so is his spirit; as a man eats and digests, so is his body. The wisdom and knowledge opened up, in Jewish life and law, may well excite the attention and deep thought of the most advanced minds of our day. They embody a clear outline of the commandments of God, as written in the nature of things. The filling up of that outline is reserved for those who have these commandments written on their hearts, whose delight it will be, to fulfill them every jot. I desire it may be said of us, ' these are they who keep these commandments, and the Faith of Jesus also.' The Jews were counselled to speak of their law on all favorable occasions; well they might do so, for it involved the whole range of human action. What they should eat, and what to avoid • sanitary law ; the avoidance of impure air; the proper use of money ; not to lend upon usury ; moral law, and social habits; land limitation, and a periodical adjustment of landed property; Sabbatical rests; and the treatment of cultivated land. Also, how to treat the poor, a stranger, and a tramp! In obedience to these laws, single and whole, they would be prospered, and have good success. See Josh. ch. 1. Even as the manna underlaid Jewish every thing, so in this day, diet underlies every thing we do, think, or feel. Therefore, the non-procreative man and woman, the virgin sons and daughters of God, standing in their true order, must have a diet appropriate to their life. To build our system of diet according to that of the world, and cook our food to suit worldly acquired tastes, is not fitting, and is a shiftless way of trying to redeem either soul or body. Our wisdom and policy will ever be identical; the clearer the lines of distinction between us and the world, the better for inward and outward growth. From the wisdom and profound knowledge manifested by the spiritual powers who redeemed Israel, I readily infer, that the manna diet was calculated to release the people from the diseases and false tastes acquired in Egypt. The nearer we come to the grains and fruits, the nearer we come to the order, and benefits of a manna diet.