THOUGHTS FOR TO-DAY No matter how pious men are... No matter how pious men are, the moment they place policy before principle, they become incapable of doing right, and are transformed into the most odious tools of despotism. A man may be in heaven... A man may be in heaven long before he goes there; and a man may be perfectly sure that there is a hell here, even when he is doubtful about the one hereafter. Darkest hour The Darkest Hour.—Horace Greeley never said a more truthful thing than when he declared ' that the darkest hour in the history of any young man is when he sits down to study how to get money without honestly earning it.' He who can only be serious... He who can only be serious, and he who can only be merry, is but half a man. Both halves must be developed to form a real specimen. God does not pay off every Saturday night... God does not pay off every Saturday night; but he is sure to ' settle in full' some day. When a person dies... When a person dies, we never regret our tenderness toward him ; but we often do our lack of it. The devil works on mortals... The devil works on mortals through their selfishness. When they talk about the duty everybody owes to ' number one,' he chuck- les, and says, ' I've got another missionary.' Many a man thinks that it is his goodness... Many a man thinks that it is his goodness that keeps him from crime, when it is only his full stomach. On half allowance, he would be as ugly and knavish as anybody. Don't mistake potatoes for principles. To pretend to be better than we are... To pretend to be better than we are, is hypocrisy ; to pretend to be greater than we are, is vanity and folly; to pretend to be worse than we really are, is the silliest pretense of all. There is more of the Christly spirit... There is more of the Christly spirit in carrying a basket of provisions to some hungry and destitute family in your neighborhood than in praying for them, and then waiting for some one else to go to their relief. Our thoughts are the parents of our words... Our thoughts are the parents of our words, and our words are soon crystallized into deeds. Therefore our deeds are as our thoughts, as certainly as the sapling only produces the tree, ' each after its kind.' He who talks vice will become vicious, so far as his courage will permit. He who loves impure thoughts will naturally illustrate these thoughts in daily life, while he whose heart-tablet is free from the impress of unholy thoughts and vicious desires will naturally be kept from the outcropping of sins. Christ-life pattern The Cubist-Life Pattern.—The Christian religion, as much as it has hitherto done for the world, is yet only beginning to be a power in the world. The nineteen centuries of its existence have been but the dawn of a new day. A higher and truer Christianity is to come Men have been preaching a crucified Christ—they have shown forth his death. The risen and living Christ is to be preached to the Church of the future. The presence of the living Christ is what we all need. We need to 7iave Him walk with us and work in us and among us. He can do His mighty works for us and in us only through His spiritual and divine presence. If we have not His divine presence we are without God in the world.—Dr. S. F. Dike.