PRINCIPLES WM. H. BUSSELL The love of truth is natural to the human mind. But this statement seems to be contradicted by all experience. Man has all along accepted fancy instead of fact, the absurd in place of the consistent, and clung to error as though his eternal welfare depended upon it. This only proves that in hie original condition he was incapable of ascertaining all truth at once. Eyes had he in the beginning, but capable of seeing above, him only the blue canopy studded with unnumbered gems. That was truth to him to a certain extent. He rejoiced in it, for he beheld there beauty, sublim- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 51 ity and glory. But is it to him now 'little joy To know lie's farther off from heaven Than when he was a boy ? ' The old heaven of his original fancy has disappeared forever, but behold the infinitude of glories that have succeeded! The gods and goddesses that once peopled fountain and river, mountain and forest, have fled, but the sources of inspiration for the poet are more abundant now than ever before. Theologians have laid great stress upon the necessity of a divine revelation, and, if we can rely upon their statements, we have it in the form of books called the Bible, the Koran, the Shasta, and the like. But the Book, even to the most orthodox of them, is not sufficient in itself. Its literal sense does not content them, hence they must allegorize and spiritualize in order to satisfy the demands of unfolding reason, even where religious truth alone is concerned. Jesus was not satisfied with the Bible of his own people, and therefore appealed to the revelation of God in his own soul as something of higher authority than the ancients had taught. The scientist is not content with old theories of science; continued investigations and discoveries demand new theories. The future will doubtless call for still newer ones. As well undertake to confine the Infinite Life within the compass of a human body, as to limit divine principles to any or all of the books that have ever been or shall be composed by human minds. Dissatisfaction with the enunciations and theories of any one age is not inconsistent with the statement that man is a Lover of truth. He may cling to the past because his feet are not well planted upon the eternal foundations. He may be fearful lest the billows continually swelling and rolling on the ocean of life should forever engulf him and his hopes. He may cherish the truth which he holds with ardent affection, yet not with the confidence which truth demands of him. His timid utterance is: ' If the foundations be destroyed what can the righteous do ?' whereas he should be able exultingly to exclaim: ' We will not fear though the earth be removed.' The present is an age of investigation. It is right that it should be so. All are interested in the discovery of truth, whether called scientific or religious, for all may be alike benefited by it. It is said that some have been rendered skeptical thereby. If their skepticism consists in the rejection of superstitions, whether1 old or new, so much the better. These have never helped the world. ' The truth shall make you free.' If it is said that scientific investigations tend to make men atheistic and materialistic, this may fairly and squarely be denied. If some, called scientists, are materialists, yet thousands of others are not so. Let all truths be thoroughly and candidly examined; they contain the principles of life both present and future. ' Life and immortality were brought to light' by Jesus. Every other one may do the same, for himself at least, if not for thousands of others now sitting in the darkness of doubt respecting the immortal existence. Groveland, N. Y.