OMNIPRESENCE ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE When God created man and woman and endowed them with reason and intelligence, those powers were given to be used. It was not the design of the Creator that man should fold his hands and close his eyes, and accept every thing as true, without investigation, and merely say ' God works in a mysterious way His wonders to perform ' ; neither can he. When he or she reads or hears that God is omnipresent, fills immensity, and that 'not a sparrow falls to the ground without His knowledge, they intuitively ask, if this be true, how, and why? Men and women are God-created diadems of beauty and strength in the hands of their Creator. True, when in a fractional condition, individualized, we are atoms, like sands upon the sea-shore; but when aggregated, and added to the vast multitude of intelligences, we rise in the likeness, and reflect the image of the great LifeGiver and Preserver ; and we learn to think and reason, as God thinks and reasons. He would reason with man through the medium of all his works, and give lessons from the lower to the higher, as well as to point to the higher for the attainment of greater perfection in goodness and knowledge. God is in the lowest strata of the earth, as well as upon its surface, to vivify and quicken vegetable life. Trees, plants and flowers, in their proper season, chant the praises of the Productive powers, and wave their branches in token of gratitude for fostering care. All of God's works are in harmony. There is order in the heavens and order on the earth. The lower forms of creation are to a large degree governed by compulsive force; while the higher, and more sublimated, are governed by inductive law, to a great extent. And man and woman, by reason of their power of susceptibility and capability to act, become their own agents, in a large measure,as regards the power of choice. How careful should we be in the exercise of this power, ever remembering that the greatest talent that any mortal possesses is an endowment, dispensed to be unselfishly used, and added to the sum of cumulative knowl- edge. If we toil diligently and improve faithfully the talent given to us, and give liberally to others of the product of our labors, by this means we can bless humanity and carry the fruitage of a rich harvest to our own garners. By such agencies, have the purest and best thoughts that God has given to prophets, martyrs, and saints of old been borne to us on the wings of the spiritual winds along the highway of truth, down through the ages. Who maketh one man or woman to differ from another ? God is the Giver, we the receivers. Then why should we boast ? There are diversity of gifts, but one source. To one is given the ability to study astronomical figures ; to search the stellar regions; to mark the course and find the home of the fixed planets. Another turns his attention to geology, and enters into rapport with the mineral department, and studies to comprehend the foundation of the material world, the frame-work of such a grand and noble structure; and THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 53 from the strata of rocks to read history more correctly than has been transmitted to present generations by the written pages of the past. There are many fields of labor, and different departments, but they are all God's fields, and His workshops. Man and woman are his mediumistic instruments; through them He works, by them He perfects His plans. The exterior, material, being only an outward expression of the interior and spiritual; every step taken to progress and perfect the natural is a co-opera- tive adjunct to help roll forward the spiritual work of uplifting humanity to more refined' and sublimated conditions, preparing them to enter into harmonious relation and action with angelic beings in the inner sphere of light and love, where with them they may continue in the path of endless progression on and still on unto higher and broader fields, nearer the throne of the Eternal Father and Mother. Thus we reason that God's universe, taken as a whole, is a unitary compact. He is found in all His works, and thus fills immensity.