Editorial THE ETERNITY OF SHAKER PRINCIPLES There always has been a firm belief, and there still exists a dominant feeling on the part of the people called Shakers, that their system of life, and its introduction to the world first, by Jesus, the Christ, and the members of the Pentecostal Church; and secondly, through the mediumship of Ann Lee, were the direct conceptions and elaborations of a Merciful, xllmighty God. That Shaker principles will remain intact, in perpetuity, there are thousands of earnest believers, with almost as many vigorous and determined wills, that they shall be so, as far as human, personal efforts can aid, and decide for the cause. It is our firm belief that God having builded,the ' kingdom is established that shall never be destroyed,' and that this kingdom is the Cause of Christ, as represented by fundamental, Shaker principles. That these principles are, and may become insufficiently operative among their professed Believers, to fully display to the world the perfect fruits of the Christ life and of heavenly communism, may be true. That the system may seem to suffer, as judged by human wisdom, through the defections of trusted agents, by an unprincipled misuse of confidence and power, also may be true. Depletions may ensue, caused by the indifference or inaction of the general household, for want of that preservative element, the life-blood of the unselfish Christ. Apathy may lay hard hold on the people, and a lukewarmness, worthy only to be 'speivedout' find a too general representation among our people; but there stand the irrevocable and immovable principles, which shall eternally find representatives with more or less emphatical zeal. We never yet anticipated that our system of life would become universally popular and acceptable in this world; nor be espoused by even a majority; but rather have ever presented that but ' a few among many ' would find it convenient or conscientiously necessary to live a Shaker life. We are, nevertheless, positive in the belief and teaching, that genuine Shaker life is the best preparation for the life to come; and is withal, very endurable, and comfortable in this tvorld, to the faithful Believer. All who live on the earth are but a small handful to those who have passed ' over the river of death;' and accepting the orthodox gditaiat THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 61 view of popular churches, concerning post-mortem conditions, as correct, there are billions more Shakers there, than Shakerism has opponents or indifferent admirers here. For those who already in this life become ripe for the harvest of which Christ's life was, and is, the husbandman; for these who, sick of both the good and bad of a worldly life, and ardently anxious to live a new life, be reaped from the earth and born anew — Shakerism offers not only a merciful asylum, but a boundless aid to the successful accomplishment of a new creation. Our Virgin Celibacy — rejected by the masses, and spurned by the majority now —will be a very respectable and desirable condition, by all who will be privileged to walk the streets of the New Jerusalem. These will be 'they who have come up out of great tribulation; ' are not defiled with human lusts; having ' washed their robes ' making them clean, by living the life of Christ, which is the blood of the Lamb.' In this virgin respect, all who march those ' golden streets ' will be Shakers, made so here, or hereafter. Our Communal Interests are only fruits of a Christian, virgin celibacy; selfishness in lesser things finds its death-blow by 'laying the axe at the root' of human, selfish depravity. Not one supposes that in the heavenly relations of individuals, here nor hereafter, the selfishness of the individual will prevail, but a glorious consummation of the contrary. Again, in heaven there will be a spiritual community of sons and daughters of God, and will this not resemble genuine Shakerism ? And is it not best to go into training here for an eligibility to the mansions of those peculiarly blest ? ' Peace on earth, and good will ' are the constituents of another fundamental, Shaker principle ; and this is as eternal as God. Only those calloused by long-continued, worldly lusts, refuse to believe that war and dissensions are ungodly, unmanly, inhuman ; and that these are unheavenly practices, which will some day be eliminated from God's creature, man, and he will love peace in heaven. Separation prom the world, its good and its bad, is emblematical of the eternal heavens. Where there is neither rust nor thief, there will be a treasure so separate from the world, that as it never gave it, so will it also be unable to take it away. Let there be no despairing; the principles of Shakerism are eternal, and so surely as they are in exercise by the assembly of the heavens, just as assuredly will there be a reflection of that heavenly life on earth, while God exists, be it called Shakerism, or by some other name.