WAR OR ARBITRATION? It should be particularly remembered that recent wars prove the fallacy of the com- mon argument that large standing armies THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 63 are necessary to preserve the peace of the world. Throughout the past quarter of a century, gigantic standing armies have been maintained, and how far they have been effectual to preserve peace is indicated by the following summary of losses from war in 25 years (1853-78) :— Killed in battle, or died of wounds and disease. Crimean War............... 750,000 Italian War, 1850........... 45,000 War of Schleswig-Holstein.. 3,000 American Civil War—North, 280,000 « —South, 520,000 War between Prussia, Austria and Italy in 18(36.......... 45,000 Expeditions to Mexico, Cochin China, Morocco, Paraguay, etc....................... 65,000 Franco-German War of 1870 and 1871— France................. 155,000 Germany................ 60,000 Turkish Massacres of Christians in Bulgaria, Armenia, etc., 1876-77.............. 25,000 Russian and Turkish War of 1877..................... 600,000 Total............... 2,548,000 These tables are carefully compiled from the official statistics of the various nations concerned, «,nd include, in addition to the troops slain, a portion of the deaths occasioned by the ravages of the wars amongst the civil population. If the execution of two or three criminals justly excites horror, what should be the feeling produced by the contemplation of such an awful sacrifice of human life in millions upon millions, and often amid circumstances of unimaginable horror! Dr. Russell, the Times' correspondent, wrote from the battle-field of Sedan : ' Let your readers fancy masses of colored rags glued together with blood and brains, and pinned into strange shapes by fragments of bones. Let them conceive men's bodies without heads, legs without bodies, heaps of human entrails attached to red and blue cloth, and disembowelled corpses in uni- form, bodies lying about in all attitudes with skulls shattered, faces blown off, hips smashed, bones, flesh, with gay clothing all pounded together as if brayed in a mortar, extending for miles, not very thick in any one place, but recurring perpetually for weary hours, and then they cannot, with the most vivid imagination, come up to the sickening reality of that butchery. No nightmare could be so frightful! ' Charles Dickens, in All The Year lloiind, says : ' We talk exultingly and with a certain fire of ' a magnificent charge !' of ' a splendid charge ! ' yet very few will think of the hideous particulars these two airy words stand for. The ' splendid charge ' is a headlong rush of men on strong horses, urged to their fullest speed, riding down and overwhelming an opposing mass of men on foot. The reader's mind goes no further ; being content with the information that the enemy's line was ' broken' and 'gave way.' It does not fill in the picture. When the ' splendid charge ' has done its work and passed by, there will be found a sight very much like the scene of a frightful railway accident. There will be the full complement of backs broken in two; of arms twisted wholly off; of men impaled upon their own bayonets; of legs smashed up like bits of firewood; of heads sliced open like apples; of other heads crunched into soft jelly by iron hoofs of horses ; of faces trampled out of all likeness to any thing human. This is what skulks behind a ' splendid charge!' This is what follows, as a matter of course, when 'our fellows rode at them in style' and ' cut them up famously.' ' The Daily News' special correspondent writes: ' The number of children killed in these massacres is something enormous. They were often spitted on bayonets, and we have several stories from eye-witnesses who saw little babes carried about the streets, both here and at Olluk-kui, on the points of bayonets. Before many of the doorways women were walking up and down wailing their funeral chant. One of them caught me by the arm and led me inside of the walls, and there in one corner, half-covered with stones and mortar, were the remains of another young girl, with her 64 THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. long hair flowing wildly about among the stones and dust. And the mother fairly shrieked with agony, and beat her head madly against the wall. I could only turn round and walk out, sick at heart, leaving her alone with her skeleton. A few steps further on sat a woman on a doorstep, rocking herself to and fro, and uttering moans heartrending beyond any thing I could have imagined. Her head was buried in her hands, while her fingers were unconsciously twisting and tearing her hair as she gazed into her lap, where lay three little skulls with the hair still clinging to them.' The following is a tabular statement of the cost of recent wars :— Crimean War........... £340,000,000 Italian War of 1859..... 60,000,000 American Civil War— The North.......... 940,000,000 The South.......... 460,000,000 Schleswig-Holstein War. 7,000,000 Austrian and Prussian War, 1866............ 66,000,000 Expeditions to Mexico, Morocco, Paraguay, etc. (say only)............. 40,000,000 Franco-Prussian War___ 500,000,000 Eussian and Turkish War, 1877.................. 250,000,000 Total...........£2,663,000,000 This would allow £2 10s. for every man, woman and child on the habitable globe. It would afford a present of £110 to every person in England and Wales. It would erect and furnish 2250 such institutions as the beautiful Crystal Palace near London. It would make two railways all round the world at more than £50,000 per mile each. It would thickly dot colleges, schools, and hospitals over all Europe. It would provide for every adult male in Europe (about 50 millions) a freehold farm of 120 acres in the United States of America. A northern manufacturer remarks that in Great Britain, even in time of peace,'' the actual workers of the kingdom work every day of the year to pay the interest of the National Debt twenty-six minutes ; for the maintenance of our armaments, twentyeight minutes a day ; for the cost of collect- ing the taxes, five minutes a day; for the relief of the poor, nine minutes a day ; for local taxes, nine minutes a day ; for the cost of civil government, twelve minutes a day. Is not a diminution of these terrible evils practicable ? Is there no way of checking this suicidal insanity on the part of the nations, or of the governments ? Cannot the human reason be brought to bear on this system of mutual ruin ? Yes, we think it can. 1. Let there be established a permanentlyorganized system of international arbitration, by which disputes arising between nations may be settled without appealing to arms. 2. A permanent high court of nations should be constituted as an advisory tribunal for Christendom. 3. Let the Great Powers come to an agreement for a mutual and simultaneous reduction of armaments. These, so far from being the dreams of utopian and impracticable men, have been approved and recommended by many of the foremost statesmen of the world. The force of its decisions would be mainly or wholly that of moral power. It is not to be assumed that this power would absolutely render wars impossible, or succeed in reconciling all cases of international dispute. But it would go very far in that direction. It would be an infinite gain over the existing system of brute force. In 1861 the Federal Government, acting oh a sudden impulse, transgressed the law of nations by forcibly taking the two Confederate Ambassadors, Messrs. Slidell and Mason, from a British mail-steamer—the Trent. Almost immediately and spontaneously the chief courts of Europe communicated to the Washington Government their verdict that this act was contrary to international equity. And this simple ' collective opinion,' definitely and unitedly expressed, greatly influenced the Federal authorities in arriving at their conclusion to surrender the two captives. In like manner, it may be confidently expected, a systematic utterance of the-) col- lective opinion of the family of nations, or THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 65 of the chief of them, especially when given forth by a representative body of their best jurists or most intelligent men, would largely restrain war. —National Secular Almanack.