[See January Number for Tenth Paper.] ANN LEE. HER WORK, HER PEOPLE, AND THEIR CRITICS. Eleventh Paper James Whittaker was born February 28, 1751, in Oldham, England. His mother's maiden name was Ann Lee. Both the parents of James were converts to the teachings of James and Jane Wardley, and by his early accompanying them to their meetings, he grew up in the faith they taught, and became the most valued coadjutor of Mother Ann, in all her labors in the establishment of her faith in England and America. With a most loving, lovable and sympathetic disposition, he entered readily into all the physical sufferings of the founders, bearing his full share, while none knew of more exceedingly spiritual exaltations in seasons of gospel refreshment. Whether we shall attribute the fact to the deep good sense of his progenitors, or credit him with herculean self-government, he was, nevertheless, one of the most pure-minded men that has ever walked the earth! His freedom from even immodest expressions evidenced to his associates that his heart was very pure, while all through the years of his martyrdom for the cause, we have no inkling that he ever vented a retaliatory feeling. When he was whipped in the vicinity of Harvard and Shirley, Mass., until his back was jellied, and his tattered shirt so mingled with the coagulations of flesh and blood as to be with difficulty separated he repeated the prayer of Jesus on Calvary for his enemies: ' Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do ! ' We are not over-much given to superstition, but we do not wonder that the apple-tree to which he was tied while being lashed, though then in a flourishing condition, soon after dwindled and died, while its dead trunk stood for years as a memento both of Puritan perse- cution and Shaker martyrdom. He was early titled one of the fathers of the Church, and well worthy did he wear the title. He was gifted with great eloquence in speech, and would hold immense congregations spell-bound for an hour by the delivery of the testimony¦—a testimony, too, that was in no respect, save in chaste ness of language, calculated to please the worldly bearings or hearing of his auditors. He was, like Father William, clairvoyant seeing visions of unusual splendor, and so in sympathy with the heavens as to be the mediator of the most angelic impressions to those with whom he associated. In ministrations of comfort and cheer to the afflicted, he had no equal in mildness and philanthropy. In the annunciation of the unpalatable truths of the gospel, none were more undaunted, firm, nor inflexible in the duty Many anecdotes are told of his wisdom, as exercised under trying circumstances, and these invariably mark him as an extraordinary man. He was also very wise as a counselor, as we will show, in the future, by quotations from his preserved admonitions and encouraging counsels. He sue- 60 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. ceeded Mother Ann in the leadership of the people, and had to meet with and reconcile the sorrows,unreconciliations and discouragements of the people, many of whom, having clung to her personality instead of her principles, felt the sufferings of an irreparable loss in her death.Father James was very successful in his leadership, but so great sufferings had he endured that he showed early signs of a general collapse of his physical powers. He resigned his position, selecting as his successor, Joseph Meacham, a convert from the Baptist ministry, which choice proved in every way a most wise one. After his resignation he retired from Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., and went to Enfield, now Shaker Station, Conn., where in a few months he died, full of sufferings in body, but in a most beautiful serenity of mind. He died July 20, 1787, less than 37 years of age ! But his name lingers in the hearts of our people as a reminder of one who was a synonym of purity, peace, earnest, zealous and uncom- promising for the right.