WHAT SHALL I DO TO BE A SHAKER? HENRY CUMINGS This question has been asked and answered so many times, that another attempt to answer it might seem quite superfluous, except for its constant recurrence, and the demand for an answer which we so often meet. On our part, the question naturally arises : What-induces you to try to be a Shaker? The reason assigned will vary somewhat according to the circumstances of the candidate for admission, as will be seen by the following answers, which are actual experiences, drawn from real life: Answer 1st. ' Times are hard, business dull; I cannot get work that pays, and thought I might as well join the Shakers.' Answer 2d. ' Having lost my wife, and being left with three or four small children and no home in which to give them proper care, I thought it would be a good plan to come to the Shakers, as this would give me and my children a comfortable home.' Answer 3d. ' My health is not very good ; I am not sick, but I am not strong and rugged ; I had heard that the Shakers were a good kind people, and as I am getting along in years, losing somewhat the relish for worldly pleas- ures and pursuits, and withal, growing tired of the cares and burdens of life, I have come to you to spend the rest of my days.' Answer 4th. ' I had acquired a good property, but the crisis came, and I indorsed notes for my brotherin-law, and he failed, and ruined me ; I have lost all hope, courage and ambition to try to be any thing in the world, and have come to the Shakers.' Answer 5th. ' I have met with a severe disappointment in an affair of the heart, and I do not care whether I live or die ; the world is utterly selfish and terribly deceitful, and I wish to get, as it were, out of the world, and have come to you.' Answer 6th. ' I have lived fast, and my appetites and passions have acquired that power over me, that notwithstanding the many resolves which I have made to do better, I find myself unable to correct the evil, habits of the past, especially as I am constantly meeting my former associates and companions ; I have heard that, the Shakers are very temperate, and I have come to you for protection from evil influences and temptations. Can you, and will you aid me?' Answer 7th. 'I have been deceived by one whom 1 thought a friend ; am in great trouble, and wish to hide my sin and shame.' Answer 8th. ' My husband has deserted me, leaving dependent on my care, three small children, one a babe; I cannot support them myself, and heard that the Shakers were always glad to take children to educate, with a view to their becoming members of their Society ; I have come to you for help.' Answer 9th. '' I am a spiritualist ; have heard that the Shakers believed in spiritualism, and have had mani- festations among them ; I have come, wishing to share in the good, harmonious influences which prevail with you, thereby avoiding the low, inharmonious, undeveloped conditions that I'find in the world; seeking to get good, and to do good by my association with you, by bringing the gifts which I claim to possess, to you.' Answer 10th. ' I have come to you for salvation from sin; I have sought elsewhere, and do not find the power that can save me from the sins of a worldly, selfish, carnal life ; can you show me the way of salvation, and help me to walk in it ? What shall 1 do to be saved ? ' As we proceed to answer each of these applicants, perhaps the whole may furnish an answer to the question. ' What shall 1 do to be a Shaker? ' To Answers 1, 2, 3 and 4, we should say, That as our Societies are not simply Charitable Institutions for the relief of the needy, or asylums for those in trouble, their primary object and purpose being to build up a spiritual life and character, we do not wish to fill our families with persons who will be member? THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 57 only in name, and not really in sympathy with the spirit of the Institution ; yet. we are willing to give any candid inquirer a chance to know for themselves of the prin- ciples and orders of the Institution. From those thus admitted on trial, we expect a compliance with, and conformity to, the orders and rules necessary for the maintenance of the principles upon which the Institution is based. ' Oh, yes,' says the candidate, ' we admire your order and neatness, and think we shall be able to meet al] your requirements ; but what are the main principles holding you together as a society? ' Certainly, we would endeavor to state briefly the principles by which we aim to live. First, Community of Property; no mine nor thine exclusively, but all living and sharing together, according to their needs. All are required to give time and service in some useful hand labor, and you must not be too particular as to what manner of employment you engage in, as our quiet country homes do not furnish a great variety of pursuits. We have no lawyers, nor doctors, nor ministers, nor clerks, on big salaries ; in fact none of the ornamental professions, in which so many try to find a place of big pay, and little work. 'Certainly, only tell me what to do, and how, and I will do what I can. I suppose you do not make very long days for work; I have been used to regular habits in this respect, making it a rule to begin as late in the morning, and quit as early at night as I could, and not lose my place, or get my pay docked.' We expect all to be industrious, improving the time to the best advantage, to do all the good they can. Instead of every one for himself, it is each for all, and all for each. Another, and very important principle is the honest confession of all known sin to God, before Elders or ministers, appointed as His witnesses. 'Well, I had not thought much of that, and it sounds very much like the Catholic practice, but I am willing to do even that. I don't suppose you require one to go much into particulars ; modesty would forbid that; but I am very willing to confess that 1 have been a sinner.' Another very important point is the virgin life principle; purity and chastity in all things ; in thought, word and deed. 'Ah, yes, that we admire.' Another principle is Peace. Our Saviour's mission was heralded as the reign of peace on earth, and good will to man ; therefore, as Christians, seeking to follow Christ, we should forego all worldly strife, and aim to live peaceably with all ' Yes, certainly, I am for peace ; if others treat me well and mind their own business, I will do the same ; but if they don't, why I am able to take care and defend myself.' Thus it usually is with this class of applicants. Being without any fixed religious principles or convictions, they will profess a willingness to accept all that may be presented to them, in theory, that their earthly wants may thus be met, and when such are admitted among us on trial, both they and we find that they are not quite so ready to accept the principles of a Shaker life, practically, as they thought. The idea of living unselfishly for the good of others is entirely beyond their comprehension ; and they are generally selfish, exacting, disagreeable, and quarrelsome members, till they conclude to withdraw, or until they become unbearable and are dismissed. To answers 5 and 6, most of the foregoing will apply. Occasionally one of these has been humbled enough to be glad to know of a better way, and by giving themselves to learn, finally gain a spirit of real, true conviction. Such may succeed, and become good, substantial members of Society, as perhaps they only needed a kind word and helping hand, to aid them in their resolution, to turn away from evil courses. To answers 7 and 8, we should say, that our Societies are not to be regarded as Magdalen Asylums, or Orphans' Homes, and unless there is evidence to convince us that something more than home and shelter are wanted, we should kindly refer such ap- plicants to institutions providing for such cases. To answer 9, we would say : We do believe in modern spiritualism as a science. We know there is much truth in its teachings, notwithstanding much that is false and erroneous has found a sanction under its name. We have had large experience in dealing with spiritual manifestations, and have learned to be cautious as to what we accept and sanction. Because a statement or proposition claims, to be a manifestation 58 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. from the other world, reasons not to us that we should accept it as true, nor that we should even tolerate it, if otherwise objectionable. And in a Shaker family, where there is a larger and closer association of individuals than in ordinary life, these gifts and manifestations mast be subject to the advice and counsel of the leading authority of the Society, or you would have small reason to seek among us the harmonious conditions you so much desire to enjoy. To an applicant like No. 10 we say ; Come, and try this way for yourself. We will teach you the principles, which, if adopted and Jived, will yield salvation from sin. We will give you all the aid in our power, both by precept and example, in your efforts to turn from the evils of a sinful, worldly life. This is really the spirit and intent of our institutions ; to aid those who are conscious of the need of a purer and better life; those who are seeking a power and strength to aid them in their struggles against the selfishness and worldliness of their own lives. For this the worthy founders of our Societies toiled, giving themselves and all they possessed in the spirit of consecration, to establish these earthly homes, where, by the power and strength of association, it is possible to attain to that victory over sin, which a life of true self-denial will bring to every one. You ask; ' What shall I do to be saved ? ' We answer, Honestly confess your sins; settle all honest debts ; make restitution if you have wronged any one; strive to live peaceably with all ; be pure, in deed, word and thought, and finally consecrate your life, in all sincerity, to live un- selfishly for the good of those around you. This we know to be a work of growth, but by constant and persistent efforts to live by the principles of truth and goodness in all things, you will come to realize what you are now seeking to find, salvation from sin. Thus will your life be of use, and you will have reason to feel in the language of another, ' I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ, for I know it is the power of God unto salvation.' This being fully attained, will bring you to realize the ideal of a true Shaker life — the kingdom of heaven HEBE ON EARTH. Enfield, N. H.