PARTY ELIJAH MYRICK ' One faith, one Lord, and one baptism ' admits of no party in the Christ family. Party is the bane of communal and social life. It is alienation of individuals first; and too often augments into strong parties, which, led on by a blind prejudice, disturbs the peace, and impedes the progress of society. Said Franklin : ' Now that we have declared our independence, if we don't hang together we shall each hang apart'—be hung by our enemies, is the inference. A party spirit—'a house divided against itself '—is an element of weakness, which, if persisted in, is sure ruin. The oneness of interest, love and affection manifested in a true, parental government, is a type of the heavenly. It is not republican—' The greatest good to the greatest number.' It seeks the greatest good to all. Without this central idea, this oneness of interest and unselfish love, there will always be parties and divisions, followed by clamoring for position, for self, or party friends, and ten- acity for office and authority for selfish ends. Those time-honored individuals who 50 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. have advanced the world, lived and moved above all party interests. They were as true as the needle to the pole to their convictions of right. Conscious of their rectitude, and the purity of their motives, they feared not the verdict of the world ' when truth should come uppermost and justice should be done.' While to the partisan—he who has bartered his manhood for fleeting popularity—the balance of justice is ever a terror. There is no stability, hence no safety in party. To-day adored, to-morrow abhorred—the sport of the ever-changing winds of a time-serving party. The confiding friends of to-day may be your open enemies to-morrow, and wound the deeper for the confidence you gave them. Never yield selfhood a servant to party. But, ' Stand upright, and them standest forever. Live by the truth, 'twill forsake thee never. Though days of thy triumph tarry.' Position is not proof against party prejudice. When it usurps magnanimity, the more deplorable the consequences. Favoritism, except for true merit, is a sure cause of jealousy, envy, and hence, of party. Let Jacob's experiment with Joseph be an instructive lesson—a warning. Garments made of the Christian virtue, sewed with the silken thread of Charity for those most in need, will do the best service. Would we be allied to those great souls who were careful of God's honor, and careless of men's applause, our singleness of purpose, and integrity, must be wound up to that degree of intensity that it will never run down nor be dwarfed into a partisan. We must be strong with divine strength ; wise with that wisdom which cometh from above ; loving with the love of Christ ; men of God. ' God give us men,a,time like this demands, Strong minds, great hearts, true faith, and ready hands. Men, whom the lusts of office do not kill, Men, whom the spoils of office cannot buy; Men who have opinions, and a will; Men who have honor—men who will not lie; Men who can stand before a demagogue, And face his treacherous flatterings without winking, Tall men, sun-crowned, who live above the fog. In public duty, and in private thinking. For while the rabble with their thumbworn creeds, Their large professions, and their little deeds, Mingle in selfish strife, lol goodness weeps, Wrong rules the land, and waiting justice sleeps ' Harvard, Mass.