Esteemed Friend : Your letter of 4th is received... Mt. Lebanon, Feb. 10, 1879 Esteemed Friend : Your letter of 4th is received. It is a declaration of war. You want to eat your cake and give it away too. Can you do it ? What are you thinking about ? I was as plain with you and your husband as I know how to be, when I took the boys. All our publications are plain as they can be on the subject of children, the terms, etc. So also is the indenture. If we would take children merely to board and school them at a stipulated price, we could have any number that we could take care of. We do no such thing. Our leading motive is to make Christians of all whom we take into the Society. We act as servants of God and humanity in this respect— conscientiously, religiously. You knew that, when you proposed for us to take your sons, and when you visited us, you knew it. We do ' covet ' all souls to God, whether old or young. The guardianship of those children is transferred to me, until they are of age. They are part and parcel of our family. What do you suppose we took them for ? To feed, clothe and school, without compensation? And then, as they become old enough to begin to be of some profit, after years of expense, care and trouble, you want to hold them under your influence entirely. If you thus felt, and were determined so to act, you ought to have kept the boys under your own supervision and guardianship. Not make a pretense of transferring this, when all you wanted to transfer was the burthen of their support and care, and to have strangers give them a training and discipline, that in the disunited condition of your own household, you said you could not oestow upon them. When the boys are of age, they have the same legal rights to choose for themselves that you and I had. That liberty we possessed and have exercised independent of our mothers. That liberty Jesus possessed, when his mother chided him for running away and causing his father and mother several days' search and anxiety 'Wist ye not that I must be about my Father's business ? ' That was the sword of which the prophet said in the temple : ' A sword shall pass through thine own bowels also '—thine affections. Then you speak of love—think'I do not know what it is, etc. Jesus needed not that anyone should testify to him of man or woman ; for he knew what 66 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. was in man and woman. And may it not be thus with a Shaker? That which human beings know naturally as brute beasts, in those things they corrupt themselves. Natural affection is of God, and is common to the whole animal kingdom. Oftener is it, that the human is without natural affection, than that the inferior creatures are without it. In its present form, as in the Virgin Mary, it is but the shadow of the love of our Eternal Mother in the heavens, and of the love that exists in the Resurrection Order. The natural is first, and the natural has to be forsaken and die, to make room for the spiritual. ' Except a man forsake father, mother, brother, sister,' in nature, he cannot become possessed of the love that prevails in the Household of Faith. ' By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one for another.' Is there, then, no love but natural mother's love i.'You may know no other. And so you think we ' should marry and haoe lots of children !' and then we should be better men and women, forsooth. And when toe quarreled and divorced, and the lots of children run loose and wild, where and who would he the Shakers to take care of them ? I am not offended at all. You speak as a foolish woman speaketh. By and by you will see it so and be ashamed of it. You refer to amusements : Innocence is a state of perpetual amusement. We aim to preserve children in innocence ; to teach them pure morality, industry, economy, prudence and justice. And when we can preserve them from a selfish mother's love and other worldly influences, we have bat little trouble in keeping them contented and happy. Respectfully, F. W. Evans