Home Topics The Medical Record describes a new cure for consumption... THE Medical Record describes a new cure for consumption. The points are, first, to clear the lungs by deep, forcible breathing;, second, to establish perfect digestion, by eating good, well-cooked food ; third, to promote a healing of the tubercles by eating salts of lime ; fourth, to take plenty of out-door exercise and sleep in apartments with the windows open, summer and winter. In damp closets, strong rooms, safes, and other places... In damp closets, strong rooms, safes and other places where mildew is dreaded, a trayful of quick lime placed there will prevent it. Mucilage Mucilage.—A very clear and transparent mucilage of great tenacity may be made by mixing rice flour with cold water, and letting it gently simmer over the fire. A correspondent asks how to keep fresh meat... A correspondent asks how to keep fresh meat from tainting. Pour a little good vinegar into a spoon, dip a finger into it, and pass it over the entire surface of the raw meat. Bits of soap Bits of soap.—Instead of throwing away the pieces of soap which become too small for convenient handling, make a square flannel bag of suitable size ; leave one end partly open, and put in the pieces as they collect; when it is full, baste. Cement for joining metals with nonmetallic substances Cement for joining mentals with nonmetallic substances.—To obtain a cement suitable for joining metals and nonmetallic substances, mix liquid glue with a sufficient quantity of wood-ashes to form a thick mass. The ashes should be added in small quantities to the glue while boiling, and constantly stirred. A sort of mastic is thus obtained, which, applied hot to the two surfaces that are to be joined, makes them adhere firmly together. A similar substance may be prepared by dissolving in boiling water 2J lbs. of glue and two ozs. of gum ammoniac, adding in small quantities about 2 ozs. of sulphuric acid. Housekeeping hints Housekeeping hints.—Soaking salt fish in sour milk will freshen them speedily. Salt curdles new milk ; hence, in preparing milk porridge, gravies, etc., the salt should 7(&gt; 68 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. not be added until the dish is prepared. That clear, boiling water will remove tea stains and many fruit stains. Pour the water through the stain, and thus prevent it from spreading over the fabric. The ripe tomato will remove ink and other stains from white cloth; also from the hands. That a teaspoonful of turpentine boiled with your white clothes will aid the whitening process. That boiled starch is much improved by the addition of a little sperm, or a little salt, or both, or a little gumarabic dissolved. That beeswax and salt will make your flatirons as clean and smooth as glass. Tie a lump of wax in a rag, and keep for that purpose. When the irons are hot rub them first with the wax rag, then scour with a paper or cloth sprinkled with salt. That kerosene will soften boots or shoes which have been hardened by water, and render them as pliable as new. Montreal Star.