The Children's Grotto Fun and Noise Sometimes Proper — My Dear Children :—I have been persuaded for years that there is a hilarity in the com- position of young people while they are growing, which aches to come out; and that if it does not get vent in the proper place, it will bring distress on older and more sedate people at an improper time. I think you have a right to be noisy at times and in proper places ; but accept a hint from me; and out of respect for your superiors and seniors, try and have the overflow of youthful glee and noise take place where it will not disturb the older people, and be sure to refrain from being ill-mannerly in places sacred to quiet and religious purposes. We older people are too apt to forget we once were young and noisy, and needed a great de'al of forbearance ; but when we think of it, we will know it was so. But you can do a great deal to make older people better pleased with you, than making the earth quake with a racket of noise too much of the time. Not long ago there was a prediction that a certain city would be visited by an earthquake, so some careful parents sent their boys a long distance into the country to visit some friends ; but some things happened shortly after, and you can imagine what they were, which caused the country friends to write : ' Send us on the earthqaake, but come and take your boys home ! ' An earthquake rather than noisy boys ! Like Those we Love —If I should set you to watch for any thing in which you had a special interest, you would see the desired object sooner than older people. Now I want all of my little boys and girls to spy out a great truth; a fact, which you may sooner be able to realize true, than some who are much older than you are. Watch yourselves and companions, and those who are older/too, and learn how true it is that we all strive to be like that which we truly love ! We pattern those persons whom we love, even without thinking about doing so. We imitate the words, the ways and actions of those whom we truly admire. In Africa, where THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. civilization is yet unknown, some tribes of the people own herds of cattle, which they think more of than they do of themselves or their children ! They give these cattle better shelter from the sun and storms than they have themselves ! More than this ; so much do they admire these cattle, that they try to appear like them; and for this purpose knock out their upper frqnt teeth, because the cattle have none ! So Dr. Livingstone writes. This central truth has a very religious side to it. We prefer to be Christians, and Christian children, and to love Jesus, the Christ, best — is it not so ? Now, observe again, my dear children, those are the best Christians, and those love Jesus best, who try to live as He lived, and to become just like Him, When we say we love Jesus, and love to be good Christians, and yet take no pains to be good as He teas good, to be pure, as He was pure, to forsake the bad and even things not so bad which He forsook, we do not tell the truth. If we really love goodness and purity, we will try ever so hard to be pure and good, and in that degree we love the beautiful and pure Jesus, we will live just like Him, as nearly as we, with the help of good angels, are able to live.