MAN, A SYMBOL OF WHAT SOCIETY OUGHT TO BE DANIEL FRAZER He is a world in miniature; and when standing in the light and life of hygienic law, symbolizes what society can attain to. All the internal functions of his body co-operate for the general good, automatically manifesting a vital community of interests. That the integrity of this little world should be preserved intact, telegraphic lines from a central sensorium radiate to, and spread themselves over the confines of his body; so that the slightest harmful touch is speedily recorded, and prompt assistance is in stantly at hand. We boast of our civilization and attainments, and point to our telegraphic feats with complacency ; but far away in the dark oblivion, of which historic time is but a point, all animals were supplied each with atelegraphic apparatus, beneficently guarding its whole vital domain. No member so insignificant as even to be liable to neglect, while the inner machinery of life distributed the vital fluid with Pentecostal equality; teaching, that even as we are cared for, so should society be constituted and cared for. In the body physical, if one member suffers, so also do the others. In the body moral when the general happiness is impaired, everymember is involved. In the present form of social life, when the markets of the world are overstocked with goods, and their values suddenly changed, commercial distress, distrust and panics arise, crowding the labor 54 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. market with the unemployed. Then landless men and women find that themselves are like the goods they have made, commodities. Violations of social laws are at all times full of danger. Absolute slavery ' is the sum of all villainies,' inasmuch as it made men and women commodities. The degradation of the slave degraded also the owner and his family; and retributively he becomes a slave to the enslaved. And so of every wrong to the smallest jot. ' Whatever measure ye mete unto men, will be measured to you again,' is one of the ever active laws, inherent in the Moral Universe. In the World Social, the measure of the happiness of the millions is the happiness of the unit. Where men and women are commodities absolute or circumstantial, there ever will be a feeling of unrest; an uneasiness, ' a fearful looking for judgment.' The wrongs of Ireland created Fenianism. and a few skirmishing Irishmen were able to shake the British empire, and put the peace of Europe in jeopardy. Had the people of Ireland been owners of the soil, Fenianism would have been an impossibility. But the millions, being landless, are forced to offer themselves as commodities in many markets. To-day the great Eepublic is in peril! Why ? because within her borders millions of men and women are also commodities ! The whole fabric of social life, law and government, in what is called Christendom, rests on a bed of moral nitro-glycerine. Would we tolerate for an instant a dangerous explosive in the basement of our homes knowing that a slight jar would involve life and property in wreck and ruin ? ' The Peculiar Institution, the sum of all villainies,' which but lately existed at the South, although having its foundations wide as an empire, and rooted in the interests and affections of the ruling classes, came suddenly to an end, and passed away in blood, fire andsconvulsions— vanished in one awful explosion. The moral providences in human experi- ence point but in one direction : if you will be happy, make those around you so. Have you a farm ? help your neighbor to one ; love him in this thing as you do yourself. Have you a house ? help him to a shelter. Do not make use of his poverty to make a wagesslave of him ; nor of his necessities to tax him with interest for money lent, but rather let his deeds stir up your benevolence. Have we not at the North something akin to ' the sum of all villainies ? ' To make a, man a commodity is that sum ! Have we made use of the public lands that men should not be so ? and thereby given peace and joy to the millions and stability to the republic ? Again, has legislative power been uniformly rendered in this direction ? or has not the contrary been the more common result ? Instead of to every man his portion, have not these lands gone largely to fill the maws of individuals and corporate greed ? Do not the landless to-day crowd the labor market, and in the midst of an overflow of food and clothing suffer penury ? The more prosperity the slave of the South created, the more he was worth as a commodity. Not so the wages-slave at the North; the more he gluts the market with goods and the labor market with his person, the less he is worth f Why should a man, my equal,' work for me and not for himself ? Why should I be able to enter the labor market and take my choice of a thousand men, and from each, gain twenty-five cents per day — two hun- dred and fifty dollars — while my thousand neighbors get but one dollar and a quarter t Not satisfied with two hundred and fifty dollars a day, I increase my works and my income ; live like a prince ; have pleasant surroundings and all the appliances of taste, art, means, and opportunities of culture j while my thousand neighbors have not! Also, having means, power, and the disposition to corrupt, I turn the current of legislation in the direction of my individual or corporate interests. Why should I or others be able to monopolize any of the necessaries of life, and change their value to suit our interests, causing even the needy to pay tribute to us ? Why should bond and mortgage holders and money-lenders eat bread without labor ? Suppose one-third of the population were such, would not the twothirds have to support themselves and families, and the others also ? THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. ao The morality of Jewish legislation of more than three thousand years ago was : 'If thy brother be fallen into, r'ecay with thee, then ye shall relieve him ; yea, though he be a stranger or a sojourner — a trampthat he may live with thee. Thou shalt not give him thy money upon usury, nor thy victuals for increase; but Fear thy God, that thy brother may live with thee.' Lev. 25.35. The morality of Jesus was: 'lend, hoping for nothing again.' How shall the morality of our day be designated ? There are three kinds : The first is loving the neighbor as you do self. The second, loving others at the expense of self. The third, loving self at the expense of the neighbor. The first is the morality of just men ; the second, of God-like men ; the third, of Satanic men. Is not the main current of the morality of these times of the latter stamp? Is not the prominent feature of our civilization to grab and get from the neighbor — to get something for nothing ? To have wagesslaves work for us, do our drudgery, fight battles, and pay the expenses of wicked wars? This manner of going with a few charitable, beggarly institutions, some sporadic acts of individual beneficence, some scientific progress, considerable theology and literature ; many criminals, and a hunt after the North Pole seems about the sum total of modern civilization. Young men and women of all the States, may I ask you to labor for a spirit of inspiration, to live out and bring to the front a higher social life ? Without inspiration, no important work can be begun. To be inspired to fulfill the desires of our lower selfhoods, is animal; but to be inspired to do good to others, is divine inspiration. With this, it is for you to inaugurate a higher civilization. To establish a foundation, on which the hopes of millions, and the high ideals of what society ought to be may be realized. No doubt the lower instincts and interests of many will stand in the way; but there is no need of violence, no need of a war of classes; work cordially with all. Let your aim be, the elevation of humanity. Take command of public sentiment, and, National and State legislation through the ballot, and cause its current to run in the channel of justice and beneficence. A just apportionment of land, limited in amount, is the first necessity. Not only should there be free access to land, but we should care for one another in this .thing ; have an anxiety that all be provided for. The second is, that the portion allotted shall be an inalienable homestead ; not subject to debt, sale, nor mortgage, etc., but may be exchanged. The natural wants of men are alike. To deprive any person of the means to supply them, is treason ; causing a man ' To beg a fellow worm To give him leave to toil.' A. community having land and other property in common fulfills the symbol; no member with us being left uncared for; while the laboring populations of Christendom are cut off from the land, and form the accumulated property they have created. Having called upon the youth of these States to labor for a spirit of inspiration, to live out and inaugurate a higher social life than now prevails with them, I turn to you, young brethren and sisters in Shakerdom—to those in whom truth becomes goodness—to labor also for a spirit of inspiration—a baptismal earnestness, so that you can bear down oh your individual, animal self-hoods. From the lower emotions of human self-hoods flow the awful manifestations of evil as above shadowed forth. We inherit the good fruits of those who have gone before us, who conquered, and in purity lived as angels do, and brought forth a form of social life as angels have. The time has fully come to move forward to make a new growth; the fathers and mothers of our Order, in bearing a full cross against the lusts of generation, have freed us from the moral maladies of the world. Instead of being ' commodities,' or exposed to be so, we are, to-day, of more value to one another than fine gold. The time has now come to bear down on another department of animal emotions—the lusts of eating ; in yielding obedience to the commandments of God—to hygienic law, according to if needs be create it. Take command of | the order of a virgin life, which involves no 56 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. cruelty to animals, ' our bread and our water will be blest, and sickness be taken away.' The fruit of this new growth will gladden every heart; and those without, whom the Father is raising up to keep his ' command- ments,' will turn to you with : ' Your God shall be my God, and your people mine.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.