Book Table 'Coronation hymns and songs ' has been sent us by the publishers, A. S. Barnes &amp; Co., New York. It is a pretty book,very chubby in appearance, as if fat with the choice collec- tion of good music and much fine sentiment within. It is much fuller of musical selections than the numerous books of its kind lately issued, and we note a considerable prominence of new hymns aud songs. The composition and compilation are the work of Dr. Deems and Theo. E. Perkins. While we do not agree with those sentiments of the vicarious sufferings and atonement, so popular in books like these, we live in hopes, that by the repetition of such words as ' blood,' ' death,' ' died for me,' etc., the life of Christ as an example may yet shine through the first; departure from evil, death to the world, may be significant of the second, and that 'Tie lived for me ' as a pattern, may revolve from the third. Price, 35 cents. The Shaker Manifesto for 1878.— A few complete volumes of this year may still be obtained, though only a few. The binding of the twelve numbers makes a book of 313 pages, containing eleven pieces of music, and a host of information and interesting reading, relative to Shaker biography, customs, theology and record. We will send, unbound, for 60 cents; bound, for $1.50. Address, Shaker Manifesto, Shakers, N. Y. The Shaker Child's Prayer. — Sent, postpaid, for five cents, currency. It is a short, easily-learned poem, non-sectarian and universally practicable. Address, Shaker Manifesto, Shakers, N. Y. A Movable Planisphere of the Heavens at Every Minute : By Henry Whitall, of Camden, N. J. Such is the title of a set of machinery, and arrangement of the planetary system, that with this set of two spheres more can be accomplished in the study of astronomy in two weeks than could possibly be learned in twelve months, even with such valuable treatises as Burritt's, Mitchell's, or any other that we know of. Any problem of the heavens, the position of stars every evening of the year, every movement of the moon, planets, etc., and a hundred ideas very useful to know, are here actually shown to you by the movable planisphere. It is more to astronomy than a map in geography. Prof. Metcalf says of it: 'I can teach with the set more of the Starry Heavens in one day than I can in a year from any other celestial atlas, map or globe I have ever seen.' The price of the set is $4.00. ' Apply at this office.