Christ's Second Coming There appeared, recently, in the Sedalia (Mo.) Bazoo, a long article upon this subject, written by a lady named Clark, and which is, undoubtedly, a review of Elder Eads' ' Types of Christ.' It is an excellent paper, filled with the most advanced views upon the subject, and a very favorable, yet critical, indorsement of Shaker views as put forth in Elder Eads' pamphlet. It would occupy several pages of The Manifesto, or we would reproduce it; but do not feel warranted in so doing while so much matter crowds our ' pigeon holes.' Celibacy—Chastity—Sacraments It should be known, that Shaker principles demand of their adherents, not only a virgin celibacy in life, but a chastity of thought and behavior, that makes rigid watchfulness and self-denial ever active among them. No half-way working—living in alternate purity and corruption—will ever answer, and who should attempt so to live, would be in hell among the Shakers. The chastest virgin celibacy is our first sacrament —no dabbling with the flesh. 'Entire consecration of self,'' in communal relations, is another sacrament. Peace, with all the additions which that word means, and whatever eradication is necessary thereunto, is another. flighting of our wrongs, and living as brethren and sisters in Christ should live, separate from the world, rounds up the sum of our faith. Amid this public confession of faith, we would ask of our Roman Catholic priesthood, who are sworn to celibacy, whether they are also sworn to virgin chastity ? Accommodation of $10,000,000 Secretary of the Treasury, Sherman, has concluded to issue ten millions of fractional currency for the convenience of those needing fractions of a dollar to send by mail, and for change. We congratulate ourselves somewhat upon having our wishes, as expressed in February No., complied with so readily. God help the Indian We feel an assurgiice, that in so flagrant a proposition, as that to transfer ' Poor Lo ' and Indian Bureau, to the untender mercies of the War Department, there will be a godly interposition and interference. Bad as the Indians are used by dishonest subordinates of the Interior, they would fare worse under Gen. Sherman's rule. In lieu of such a change, we offer an amendment to the Constitution, to abolish the War Department, and substitute a Bureau of Arbitration, to be presided over by an unwarlike individual as Secretary. And it will come to this yet. We hope, at least, the Cheyenne massacre will prove a blessing in disguise for the Indian. Trampism —The legislation of New Hampshire has practically abolished 'the tramp ' from that State. Amid the terrors now so prevalent in this and other States, accumulated and accumulating by these pestiferous walkers, wise and determined legislation must be enacted, that life and property be made secure. We opine New Hampshire laws are not sufficiently merciful to the tramp; but these are infinitely better than lawless trampism, with the nightly dread of robbery, arson and assassination.