INDIANS JAMES S. PRESCOTT 'Who hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth. ' It is estimated that there are about nine millions of Indians in South America, and about six millions in North America. Those in the United States and Territories, at the present time, number about 316,000. Those civilized about 100,000 ; semi-civilized, 135,000, -and those wild and barbarous, about 81,000. It is difficult to get the exact number of the nomad tribes because of their superstitious reluctance to be counted. The great question before Congress now is, shall the Indian Bureau be transferred from the Department of the Interior to the War Department ? or, shall it remain where it is, under a ' Peace ' policy inaugurated by President Grant? and under whose policy some 40,000 or more of the nomad Indians have become civilized so far as to get their living by habits of industry, by tilling the soil and cultivating the land, and thereby have become self-supporting communities. This has been done by missionaries sent among them for that purpose, supported mostly by the churches to which they belong, and ought to be satisfactory to all who wish to see justice done the Indians. Every degree of civilization is good as far as it goes, to prepare them for a higher life. The decision of this question is of vital importance to the Indians, because it in78 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 79 volves a principle of life or death. It is civilization or extermination. Whichever way it is decided it cannot but have an important bearing on the future destiny of the Indians. All parties agree that the only way to save the nomad Indians, is civilization—educating them up to a higher standard of morals —teaching them how to work for a living ; how to labor with their hands ; how to build houses and inhabit them ; how to plant vineyards and eat the fruit thereof; how to build fences and raise stock; how to till the soil on which they dwell, and to earn their bread by the sweat of their brow. And these they are willing to learn if the whites will give them a fair chance. Then why should they be exterminated in a free country, because they are not willing to come under the iron heel of the War Department? When we speak of the noble red man and the noble white man, we do not mean those fiends in liuman shape, who indiscriminately ravish and slaughter the innocent, but we mean those noble traits of character and generous impulses, which, as individuals, adorn the pages of history, and which are characteristic more or less of both races. It is said that '¦civilization must be done by force of arms, and that ' persuasion ' is wasted on the nomad Indians, and that Peace Agents are a failure,' etc. The advocates of the peace policy take issue with the War Department on this ground, and are prepared to show from facts and figures to the contrary—that the ' Peace ' policy is the only policy that has ever succeeded in civilizing the Indians. Strong arguments are offered on both sides. Our limits will not admit of reviewing these arguments in detail. The preponderance, however, of justice, truth and right, are largely on the side of the Peace policy. One of the best arguments in favor of the Peace policy that we have seen, is from Father Wilbur, so-called, a Protestant missionary for the last 18 years in Washington Territory : ' I accepted the office of Superintendent of Instruction at Yakama Indian Agency in September, 1860. At that time there were no farms, no churches, no school-houses worthy of the names. We organized working parties of Indian boys, broke in wild cattle to the yoke, and began teaching the Indians to plow. The Indians were as wild as the steers, and were as low down as humanity can get, having been long at war. The first year we raised enough grain and vegetables for seed and for the subsistence of the boarding-school. ' From these little beginnings we have grown into a self-supporting community, or nearly so. Some of the Indian boys were placed in the shops to learn trades. The Indian girls were taught house-keeping. We now have thirty-five miles of good, substantial post and board fence ; 6,000 acres under cultivation, and have raised this year over 44,000 bushels of wheat. The Indians have 17,000 horses, 3,500 head of cattle, besides sheep, swine and other domestic animals. ' Nearly 400 families live in houses like white people. We have two churches with a membership of 500, two native preachers, who belong to the Columbia Eiver Church. Over 3,000 of the 3,700 Indiana wear citizen's dress. The blacksmith shop, the wagon shop, and the harness shops are all under the management of full-blooded Indians, who were ragged, worthless Indian boys, eighteen years ago. We have built, unaided by Congress, a steam saw-mill, capable of making 12,000 feet of lumber per day; a planing machine and shingle machine, all worked by Indians, who were wild, untamed savages a few years ago, with the exception of two, who are white men. ' The solution of the whole Indian question rests with Congress. The Indian must be taught to labor. He can be taught successfully, as I have demonstrated. I have had no serious troubles with my Indians. Have never had use for a soldier. Don't want soldiers nearer them than the Bocky Mountains. So long as you feed the Indian without labor, you will have to feed and fight him alternately. He must be taught to earn his own living. This is practicable. He must have teachers who are imbued with God from head to foot — men who can hold the plow handles or push a cross-cut saw; men who know how to work themselves, and are not above setting a working example. We can solve this problem in five years, if Congress will agree to it. Work . Work ! Send working, God-fearing men to teach the Indians how to work, and the thing can be [settled. I am not mistaken Transferring the Indians to the army pro longs the settlement, gives us blood anc carnage, demoralization and ruin. God be merciful to the helpless Indian.' In closing this series I wish to express my thanks to The Shaker Manifesto, for giving to the public a brief testimony in favor of the Indians, which will be more appreciated in the future, than can possibly be in the present.