Home Topics A Good Test of the Purity of Milk A German paper gives a test for watered milk which is simplicity itself. A wellpolished knitting-needle is to be dipped into a deep vessel of milk, and immediately withdrawn in an upright position. If the milk is pure, some of the fluid will hang to the needle, but if water has been added to the milk, even in small proportions, the fluid will not adhere to the needle. Look after the Cellars Many farmers use the cellars under their dwellings as a place to stow their root-crops, especially potatoes, beets, turnips, celery, and even cabbage, which is not a root. It is convenient to do so where there is no barn-cellar or where these vegetables' are not buried upon the premises. But it is a practice not to be recommended, except the best care is taken to keep the cellar clean and well-ventilated. Every day at about noon, when the weather will admit of it, the outer door should be opened for an hour or so, and even when the weather is extremely cold the door should for that length of time be partly opened. The refuse of vegetables also should be daily removed and not left to evolve a deleterious gas as soon as the temperature shall rise sufficiently to act upon it. The most danger is in the spring, when the mildness of the weather outside finds its way into the cellar, and operates, if the cellar is not ventilated freely, in producing decomposition in some degree. There is nothing that tends more directly to produce the most deadly fevers than filthy cellars. The poisonous gases permeate the whole house. And yet how frequently do we see cellars left untouched, with all their heaps of vegetable refuse, until April and even May ? We hope this word of warning will not fall on unwilling ears. Germantown Telegraph To Purify Oil To make the oil pure, take a good sized bullet or other piece of lead which has a thick coating of lead rust, cut it up fine, put it into the oil, and let it stand for two weeks. This causes the acid to settle, and it then resembles milk at the bottom. Now pour off the top, and your oil is pure. Common clock oil can be treated in this manner and made better than some watch oil. Lemon Pie One grated lemon, two and one-half cups of boiling water, one-half cup of cold water, one and one-half cups of sugar, three tablespoonfuls of cornstarch, and butter the size of an egg. Put the cornstarch in the cold water and stir in the boiling water. This makes two pies. Bake with under-crust. Beat the whites of three eggs for frosting. Simple Method of Leveling An exceedingly simple method of obtaining levels is described in The Manufacturer and Builder. At each of two stations, perhaps a hundred feet apart, a pole is driven into the ground. To each pole, near the top, a glass tube is tied. The lower ends of the glass tubes are then connected with each other by means of a sufficiently long piece of india-rubber tubing. Water is to be poured into one of the glass tubes till it fills the tubing and part of the tubes ; it will rise to the same level, of course, in both tubes, and the record of this height can be marked on the poles along*side. The method is capable of surprising accuracy, and will serve where obstacles to vision intervene between the stations.