Thoughts for today Eyes to see God Augustine mentions a heathen once saying to him, as he pointed to the sun, to his idol gods, and various objects about him, ' Here are my gods, where is thine ? ' Augustine answered, ' I show you not my God, not because I have not one to show, but because you have not eyes with which to see Him.' Christ is Coming Frances E. Willard exclaims : ' Truly, Christ is coming, coming all the time, like sunrise from the east, or summer from the south, or heaven to hearts that love and look for His appearing. Happy are they who help to hasten, by a little, even, the day when He shall reign King of nations as He now reigns Htfmc Qapits. 92 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. King of saints! ' To all of which we say, Amen. Keep Good John Bunyan It is an easier matter to begin to do good than to continue therein; and the reason is, there is not so much of a Christian's cross in the beginning of a work as there is in a continual, hearty, conscientious practice thereof. Apples and flowers are not made by the gardener, but are an effect of the planting and the watering. A life full of good works is the only way on thy part to answer the mercy of God extended to thee. The heart that is fullest of good works hath in it least room for Satan's temptation. Every promise in the Bible is thine to strengthen, quicken and encourage thy heart. The Wise Man and the Serpent A wise man one day asked the serpent, ' Of what advantage is it to thee to deprive men of life ? The lion kills and devours his prey. The tiger, the wolf, and other fierce beasts do the same, in order to satisfy their hunger ; but thou bitest thine innocent victims, and sheddest mortal poison into their veins, without reaping any benefit from their death, save the cruel satisfaction of destroying.' ' Why asketh thou me this question ? ' rejoined the reptile. ' Ask rather the slanderer amongst thine own race, what pleasure he finds in poisoning unto death those who have never injured him.' Justice A. Bronson Alcott Says , in his ' Concord Days : ' 'Let the sexes be held to like purity of morals, and equal justice be meted out to them for any infraction of the laws of social order. Women are the natural leaders of society in whatever concerns private morals ; lead where it were safe for man to follow. About the like number of men, doubtless, possess gifts to serve the country at large; while most women, as most men, will remain private citizens, fulfilling private duties. Her vote as such will tell for personal purity, for honor, justice, temperance, mercy, peace — the domestic virtues upon which communities are founded, and to which they must be firmly rooted to endure. The unfalien souls are feminine.'