GOD'S LAWS IMMUTABLE ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE As the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth and hath long patience for it, believing that in due time he will receive the early and later rains, and reap an abundant harvest, the fruit of his toil, even so hath the great Husbandman of all worlds and heavens awaited the growth and development of races and kindreds toward the soul of the Universe of Mind and matter. Finite minds, however piercing or enlightened, and even when aided by prophetic lens, cannot comprehend and traverse the length and breadth of God's laws, which are, and will ever remain, unchangeable. He saw 'the end from the beginning;' and worlds on worlds are but an outward expression of the Deific will of Wisdom and Love, the creative and harmonizing forces in all material or spiritual substances ; and to counteract or destroy those laws, would be to destroy a part of Deity itself. Man and woman in their incompleteness fail to grasp and comprehend the fullness of the God-head, or the laws by which the worlds move with exact precision from age to age; yet by searching may find out sufficient to enable them to be co-workers with God, in maturing and perfecting the original plan touching the welfare of the human race, and be instrumental in adapting those laws to present needs and conditions according to times and seasons; and may form new codes of laws subservient to the higher and subject to change as the increase of light and truth may demand; and each successive change should advance the race one degree nearer the great Center of all. Corrective agencies must be employed to reform and better conditions, physically, morally, and spiritually. Without such cogency to work change of thought and action, there would be no expansion and growth. The effectual needed change from inferior to superior conditions, must come to us through mediators— higher intelligences above and beyond us. Through them we reason with God; they are our ministers; with them THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. we learn to think, and by them our thoughts are borne to the great Originator of thought, and adjudged. How wise and prudent for all to learn to reason and think justly and truly! The soul's progress may be hastened or retarded as we will it, in a large degree. As a child looks to a father for strength, and yearns for the tender embraces of a loving mother, so does the heart of humanity go forth to the universal Father for strength to hold, and wisdom to direct; and for that charity, love and care which only a mother in God can feel and impart. When we are convinced that corrupt desires, and gross habits, inherited or acquired, impede the soul's growth into the higher life, then, if honest and sincere, we ask for a change, for a power of emancipation, and we long to burst the bands which bind, and hold us to inferior objects and creature loves; and we then put forth efforts to effect such change through inward strivings, and outwrought works of purity and love. By thus changing individual character we become co-workers with God, and are in harmony with divine law, which is unchangeable. While in the earth sphere, soul and body are closely allied, and the spirit cannot progress Godward while the body is subject to gross and sinful passions. As with individuals, so with collective bodies. If the civil rulers of a nation are governed by political intrigue instead of sound principles; if they frame and execute unjust laws, they to the same extent place barriers in the way of national progress, morally and spiritually. There are boundary lines placed beyond which it is difficult to pass without causing inharmony and breaking the connecting link of the chain that binds individuals to society at large. But notwithstanding the strong hand of political power is often laid upon the true prophetic spirit of the ages, still under the good providence of God the car of human progress moves on, refining and maturing the natural, material world of matter, while enlivening and hastening spiritual growth, causing large classes of men and women to leave the narrow limits of the past and find new channels of thought; to enter into new fields of action, and in every department seek to solve the problems of life in the present, and thus to prepare for the future. Intensified by scientific development, the human mind expands more and more, and seeks to brush away the clouds of sectarianism, of whatever name or nature, that have hitherto blinded the sight or fettered the intellect, and hindered the soul's growth into the divine. And with all the opposing 'influences in active operation against scientific culture and moral refinement, every year makes its mark in the world's great history, and adds to its pages some illumined thought beyond the past, and by quickened and co-operative action, the seen and unseen worlds move on in harmony to greater and still greater perfection and beauty, the lesser subservient to the greater; and all, as they onward move, in one harmonious strain, chant the praises of the Universal Father and Mother whose love and care extend to all. 76