MANNA EMIL BRETZNER This subject is a very important one, and involves a great deal. Much of interest could be written about it from different points of view. There is first the word itself with its different meanings, one of which is the mere exclamation ' what is it ? ' well exDressive of the curiosity and astonishment of the people, when first beholdng the white deposit on the desert wilds around them. The other meaning is that of something bestowed, or given, or else a portion, as the margin reads. In that sense it must have come from the hearts and lips of the more spiritually minded among them,. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 81 who had faith in the power of their God, and Jiere saw the fulfillment of His promise to them through Moses. ' It is the gift of the Lord, the portion He has given us for our support,' they thought; and the simple word, with which they acknowledged their gratitude, was similar to that with which the others expressed their surprise, and perhaps even doubt, or scorn; it was manna. Secondly, there is the historical point to consider. Did it happen at all ? and if so, what was it ? One class of minds easily dispose of the matter, at least to their own satisfaction, by simply answering the first question in the negative, which of course settles it all for them very comfortably. , Others accept it partly as a true statement, but explain it as a merely natural occurrence. It was honey-dew, or one of the many kinds of saccharine gum that exude from different species of the vegetable kingdom in that and other parts of the world. That is all, and that satisfies them. Still others go further, and see in it a manifestation of spirit power upon the natural elements. They are of two classes: First, the strictly orthodox, who accept all the bible statements as true, and consider them all as special acts of providence for special purposes, without reference to any law or principle, that we may inquire into and understand. They were miracles, and the Almighty wrought them by the power of His will. No matter what science and our reason may claim, we must not ask any question on that point, and so we had better leave it. The other class are Spiritualists. They recognize the law of materialization in the production of manna, a grand manifestation on a large scale of the same power which now, in our modern seances, produces flowers or fruits, a glass of water or a piece of ice, a bit of ribbon or a shawl, a squirrel or a human form, living, breathing, and sometimes more full of power and energy, both of body and mind, than any of the spectators present. What is this law of materialization ? I think it is a law of nature as much as any. I believe it is something like this: There is a seed of a certain plant. According to the common order of nature it would take a certain period of time for it to grow up, and develop its stem, its leaves, its blossom and fruit. Simple elements are gathered up from the atmosphere and the soil; chemical processes take place ; new combinations are entered, varied according to the laws of the different species, and the thing is done in the course of time, without anybody wondering at it, unless it be some, who look below the surface. But when spiritual agencies, who are well acquainted with these laws, put them all in action at once, and thereby produce the same result in an instant, then we are apt to exclaim, 'tis a miracle, and so it is, but no more than the other was, only in the time required. Exactly the same natural laws are observed, only the process is hastened. It is the same with all physical manifestations. No laws are broken, but on the contrary, the grander and more astonishing the experiment is, the more perfectly and sacredly must the laws involved be ob- 82 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. served. And in this production of food for over a million of people, in these daily showers of manna in the wilderness for forty years, it must have been so, indeed. Finally, there are some, among whom I would be happy to be numbered, who look upon this and other incidents in the history of the Jewish nation as beautiful types of the travel of the human soul and body from a selfish existence in nature to a resurrection life in Christ. To me they are true prophecies of what we all must do in the fullness of our time, when the call shall come to us to arise and make haste out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage to the sins and evils of the past, or to that portion of them which still lingers in the present. In this particular case of the manna of the Israelites, it may be a historical fact, or it may not; that makes no difference. It might have been, if it was not, for the principles involved are true, and are as consistent with and applicable to our conditions and circumstances, as they were to theirs. As a people we have come out from the world ; we have crossed the dividing line of a generative life, and moved on for a season in short and prosperous journeys through the untrodden fields of virgin purity, a wilderness and a barren waste indeed to the natural mind; but this is not the end. It is only the beginning. In order to fulfill our calling, and be true to our relation to God and humanity, do we not need to pass through a radical change ? Would it not be well to have a manna dispensation, first for forty years, then for ever ? A dispensation of plain, simple diet, suited to the virgin life, with nothing in its composition to mar the tender feelings even of an angel. No bloodshed and killing to remind of cruelty ; no stimulants to kindle latent fires; no artificial coaxing to pamper depraved appetites; nothing to tempt to sin. Some one thing at each meal, prepared and partaken of in the gift of God, is enough; and a thousand more, added without that gift, make only a thousandfold curse. This pleading for different tastes is wrong; they are abnormal, either the results of our own transgressions, or else the sad heirlooms of preceding generations, whose sins are visited upon their children. Other animals, in their natural state, have no such tastes; those of the same kind feed alike, and enjoy their food alike, as human animals ought to do. One deer in a flock does not pick out a certain kind of grass, and his fellow another; why should human beings, if they were not further away from the truth than the lower animals are in that respect ? Blessed be the woman, for no man can do it alone, however much he may feel about and urge the matter, who will take the bold step truthward and Godward, and redeem the kitchen and the table from the sins there committed, as our first Mother redeemed the bed from its defilement. Then disease and suffering will flee from our borders, and every sad heart will leap for joy, when hearing the glad voices of them that truthfully sing the blended songs of Moses and of the Lamb — the union of physical and spiritual righteousness — the mingled boon of manna below and manna above.