The Children's Grotto Being Kind to Animals The Chinese are always kind to animals, and never pun ish ; hence, a mule, that, in the hands of a foreigner, would be not only useless but dangerous to every one about it, becomes, in the possession of a Chinaman, as quiet as a lamb and as tractable as a dog. We never beheld a runaway, a jibing, or a viciou mule or pony in a Chinaman's employment; but found the same rattling cheerful pace maintained over heavy or light roads by means of a turr-r or cluck-k the beast turning to the right or left, and stopping, with but a hint from the reins. This treatment is extended to all the animals they press into their service. Often have I admired the tact exhibited in getting a large drove of sheep through narrow, crowded streets and alleys, by merely having a little boy to lead one of the flock in front; the others steadily followed, without the aid either from a yelping cur or cruel goad. Cattle, pigs and birds are equally cared for.— [Travels on Horseback. Somebody Else A lady was walking quietly along the city street, not long ago, when the door of a house flew open, and a boy shot out with a whoop like a wild Indian. Once on the pavement he danced a sort of double shuffle all around a curbstone, and then raced down the street in great haste, for it was evident by the books under his arm he was going to school. The lady was thinking what thoughtless, noisy creatures healthy boys always are, when just a few yards before her she saw something yellow lying on the stones. Coming nearer she fancied it was a pine shaving, and looked after the boy again. She saw him suddenly stop short in a crowd of people at a crossing, and come back as fast as he had gone, so that just before she reached the shaving he did, and picked up —not a shaving at all—but a long, slimy banana-skin. Flinging it into a refuse barrel, he only waited long enough to say, ' Somebody might have slipped on it,' and was off again. It was a little thing to do; but that one glance of the boy's clear, gray eyes, and this simple, earnest sentence, made the lady's heart very warm toward the noisy fellow. He had not slipped himself ; he was far past the danger, and when one is in a hurry, it is a great bother to go twice over the same ground ; but the ' somebody else ' might slip, and so for the sake of this unknown somebody the hurrying boy came back, and it may be saved the life or limbs of a feeble old man or a tender little child. He might have said, ' I can't wait to go back. It is none of my doing, and so it is none of my business ; ' but he made it his business, and in this showed a trait of character which promised well for the future. There is nothing nobler on earth than this taking care that ' somebody else ' shall not suffer needlessly. The child who grows up with such a spirit always active in him may make his home like a heaven upon earth, and he will never know what it is to be unloved or friendless.—[Christian Secretary.