God's Acres Not grave-yards; not burping-'places, but raising acres for God and the cause of God in the world. Let not the dead alone rest in our ' God's Acre;' let there be reared for God, and the extension of God's cause, acres of consecrated corn or wheat, or potatoes, or flowers, or other merchandise. If we had a very superior friend, to whom we would present an acre of crops, we would present the best acre we had. Grave-yards are called ' God's Acres ;' but there is little they produce for God. Let us have a living acre, and growing acre, that we may present unto the Lord's cause. It was no uncommon thing of old, to present an ox, or oxen and sheep, by way of sacrifice to the Lord. In behalf of The Shaker Manifesto, we will accept and devote to the cause of God, the income of the best living, growing ' God's Acre; ' or the fatted ox, or even the value of a good horse—all for the Cause, credited to God's Acres. The Muddled Ministers A large number of ministers recently congregated at Syracuse, N. Y., to take active, positive, forcible measures for the ejectment from our State of what they may honestly believe to be a very corrupt institution. Forgetful of the old-time adage, ' Physician, heal thyself,' they could see corruption in every direction from them, better than they would see it in themselves. They debated the question with much learning and ability, and closed each individual effort with pious rolling of their eyes, as they ' would to God he would wipe out the foul blot.' We join these ministers, in all sincerity, in desiring all foul blots erased from human lives ; but we would ask them and ourselves to begin the work of such erasures, not at Oneida, but with ourselves, themselves and our congregations. Remember, reverend gentlemen, that you take an unchristian part in joining man and woman in the unchristian but only civil contracts of marriage. That behind that certificate sanctioned by you, lies the legality of men or women, or both, of living the most sensual lives in sexuality—in libertinism or prostitution if they please — while there is nothing in the law nor your churches to hear appeals therefrom, neither to prevent the abuses of married life, nor to wipe out millions of such foul blots! How lax the laws of that country must be which does not punish fornication nor adultery ! Reverned gentlemen, the object of marriage is for the regulated reproduction of population alone; do you use it for aught else? Then begin right here, and ' wipe out a foul blot,' and be very still until it is erased. Oh, could the cries of women be heard, in their appeals from soul and body environments of the lusts of their husbands—their masters—what a tale would then unfold ! Judging from the best light we have, there are many things worse than midnight murders enacted behind the certificates legalizing such acts, and sold by these same Revs., who roll pious-looking eyes in holy horror upon Oneida. We are not championing complex marriage, but we have made the most THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 87 searching investigations into the mysteries of Oneida complexity of life, and while it is far from Shakerism, it is, we truthfully believe, vastly purer than some of the most respectable marriages of to-day. Justice alone demands this of us. Now/while these Reverends were legislating, let us see what the Communists were quietly determining upon. ' If our manner of life is illegal, or if laws are in future enacted that make it illegal, then we can and will change it, and live as the Shakers do! ' Presto ! And with these statements staring those muddled Revs, in the face, we mentally see them, in what Webster calls a ' Mare's nest ;' and while extending them sympathy in their ludicrous predicament, we welcome Oneida, and these Rev. Meddlers also, upon the simple platform of Shakerism. Bat we will not give any, full assurance of no further disturbance ; for a whilom, very popular paper of N. Y. city — ' The Illustrated J¥ew Yorker ' — not very long ago got muddled, like some recent Revs., and urging that ' while the fold Hot of Mormonism should be immediately wiped out because they'married so much, the Shakers also should be as effectually squelched because they did not marry at all ! ' and amid all of these bemuddled muddlers, we close comments with the advice: choose your God, and accept the fates that God imposes.