The Children's Grotto Being Kind to Animals The Chinese are always kind to animals, and never pun ish ; hence, a mule, that, in the hands of a foreigner, would be not only useless but dangerous to every one about it, becomes, in the possession of a Chinaman, as quiet as a lamb and as tractable as a dog. We never beheld a runaway, a jibing, or a viciou mule or pony in a Chinaman's employment; but found the same rattling cheerful pace maintained over heavy or light roads by means of a turr-r or cluck-k the beast turning to the right or left, and stopping, with but a hint from the reins. This treatment is extended to all the animals they press into their service. Often have I admired the tact exhibited in getting a large drove of sheep through narrow, crowded streets and alleys, by merely having a little boy to lead one of the flock in front; the others steadily followed, without the aid either from a yelping cur or cruel goad. Cattle, pigs and birds are equally cared for.— [Travels on Horseback. Somebody Else A lady was walking quietly along the city street, not long ago, when the door of a house flew open, and a boy shot out with a whoop like a wild Indian. Once on the pavement he danced a sort of double shuffle all around a curbstone, and then raced down the street in great haste, for it was evident by the books under his arm he was going to school. The lady was thinking what thoughtless, noisy creatures healthy boys always are, when just a few yards before her she saw something yellow lying on the stones. Coming nearer she fancied it was a pine shaving, and looked after the boy again. She saw him suddenly stop short in a crowd of people at a crossing, and come back as fast as he had gone, so that just before she reached the shaving he did, and picked up —not a shaving at all—but a long, slimy banana-skin. Flinging it into a refuse barrel, he only waited long enough to say, ' Somebody might have slipped on it,' and was off again. It was a little thing to do; but that one glance of the boy's clear, gray eyes, and this simple, earnest sentence, made the lady's heart very warm toward the noisy fellow. He had not slipped himself ; he was far past the danger, and when one is in a hurry, it is a great bother to go twice over the same ground ; but the ' somebody else ' might slip, and so for the sake of this unknown somebody the hurrying boy came back, and it may be saved the life or limbs of a feeble old man or a tender little child. He might have said, ' I can't wait to go back. It is none of my doing, and so it is none of my business ; ' but he made it his business, and in this showed a trait of character which promised well for the future. There is nothing nobler on earth than this taking care that ' somebody else ' shall not suffer needlessly. The child who grows up with such a spirit always active in him may make his home like a heaven upon earth, and he will never know what it is to be unloved or friendless.—[Christian Secretary. What Boys Should Be A philosopher has said that true education for boys is to ' teach them what they ought to know when they become men.' What is it they ought to know, then ? First. To be true — to be genuine. No education is worth any thing that does not include this. A man had better not know low to read—-he had better never learn a etter in the alphabet and be true and genuine in intention and in action, rather than 3eing learned in all sciences and in all languages, to be at the same time false in heart and counterfeit in life. Above all things, teach the boys that truth is more than riches, more than culture, more than earthly power or position. Second. To be pure in thought, language and life — pure in mind and body. An impure man, young or old, poisoning the society where he moves with smutty stories and impure examples, is a moral ulcer, a )lague-spot, a leper who ought to be treated as were the lepers of old, who were banished Tom society and compelled to cry ' Unclean,' as a warning to save others from the pestilence. 90 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. Third. To be unselfish. To care for the feelings and comfort of others. To be polite. To be just in all dealings with others. To be generous, noble and manly. This will include a genuine reverence for the aged and things sacred. Fourth. To be self-reliant and self-helpful even from early childhood. To be industrious always, and self-supporting at the earliest proper age. Teach them that all honest work is honorable, and that an idle useless life of dependence on others is disgraceful. When a boy has learned these four things, when he has made these ideas a part of his being — however young he may be, however poor, or however rich — he has learned some of the most important things he ought to know when he becomes a man. With these four, properly mastered, it will be easy to find all the rest.—[Home Arts. GOD KNOWETH BEST Sometime, when all life's lessons have been learned, And sun and stars forever more have set, The things which our weak judgments here have spurned— The things o'er which we grieved with lashes wet, Will flash before us, out of life's dark night, As stars shine most in deeper tints of blue; And we shall see how all God's plans were right, And how what seemed reproof was love most true. And we shall see how, while we frown and sigh, God's plans go on as best for you and me; How, when we called, He heeded not our cry, Because His wisdom to the end could see. And even as prudent parents disallow Too much of sweet to craving babyhood, So God, perhaps, is keeping from us now Life's sweetest things, because it seemeth good. And if, sometimes, commingled with life's wine, We find the wormwood, and rebel and shrink, Be sure a wiser hand than yours or mine Pours out this potion for our lips to drink. And if some friend we love is lying low, Where human kisses cannot reach his face, Oh, do not blame the loving Father so, But wear your sorrow with obedient grace. And you shall shortly know that lengthened breath Is not the sweetest gift God sends His friend, And that, sometimes, the sable pall of death Conceals the fairest boon His love can send. If we could push ajar the gates of life, And stand within, and all God's workings see, We could interpret all this doubt and strife, And for each mystery could find a key. But not to-day. Then be content, poor heart! God's plans, like lilies, pure and white, unfold. We must not tear the close-shut leaves apart; Time will reveal the calyxes of gold. And if, through patient toil, we reach the land Where tired feet, with sandals loose, may rest, When we shall clearly know and understand, I think that we will say, ' God knew the best!'