EDITORIAL NOTES OUGHT I TO BE A SHAKER? 'To be, or not to be' a Shaker; ' that is the question.' It is a soul matter; answered only by ' my soul and I'—nothing compulsory, nor urgent in 'it, until conscience demands an answer. To the casual reader, the question is a ludicrous one; but a little reflection will persuade many to accept, as only its simple synonym, the precious, serious, oftener-asked soliloquy : ' Ought I tote a Christian f' As either question is answered, the results in life will be the same. Yet to the vast majority, there appears, but it is only apparent, an extensive difference between the questions. 'To be,' as was Jesus, the Christ, is the soul answer to these queries. Not merely to think, nor believe ; neither appear nor assent only; but to he what conscience and our profession dictate we should be. To the cursory question ' Ought I to he a Shaker ?' we would unhesitatingly reply: 'Nay.' To the individual who has reflected upon the subject—who has counted the cost, and is prompted by conscience to attempt it, we as quickly say ' Courage, brother.' Will the reader recall the fact, that Jesus was called a Nazarene, out of reproach'{ And that out from Nazareth came the adored, first Christian sample ? Will the reader also remember that ' Shaker ' was intended as an opprobrious epithet ? yet it only signifies one who aims to live primitive, radical Christianity, with all the progressive sentiments of the age added thereto. Do you admire a Christian life, judged by the true criterion—the life of Christ ? Then you ought to be a Shaker. And you will be a Shaker, or lose your admiration for the Christ life. Do you find satisfaction in worldly pleasures, either good or bad, which are not reflected from the goodly life-pattern? you ought not to be a Shaker. Do you wish to marry ? do so; and this decides you are not ready nor able to live as Christ lived, and ought not to be a Shaker. Others, before you, have been excused from being Christians, because they had married their husbands or wives, and therefore, 'could not come' and be a Shaker. 'To forsake all else, and follow Christ,' is the affirmative answer to the question heading this article. The Christian profession is very distinct from the idioms of nomenclature ; and regardless of the various terms of the,religious professions, 'Ho he a Christian' only means, to follow Christ, to live like Christ. To any who finds a repugnance in the term 'Shaker,' all unpleasantness ceases, when eliminating the unpleasant term, from the very Christian practice of all true Shakers. Therefore, we ask none to answer in the affirmative—that they ought to be a Shaker—whose admiration for Christian principles is dimmed because of an uneuphonious adjective. Once, and not many centuries since, 'Christian' was a term of reproach; and those who dared to 'despise the shame' of bearing it, would suffer death, and contumely worse than death, because they thus dared. 'To he a Shaker, or to he a Christian,' is simply summed up thus : 1. A Virgin Celibacy of Life ; none, however, ought to he thus, 84 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. but those fully persuaded that it is a very Christian practice. 3d. Community of Goods; but none should be so Christian and unselfish, as to 'part their goods' with others, until thoroughly convinced that Christ's life teaches this rule. 3d. Peaceable ; but it is useless to ask any to be thus, who marry and hold private possessions ; but is it a Christian requisite ? that is the question. 4th. Unwoeldlifess ; free from the good and bad pleasures of every name and nature, which introduce any obstacle to the three first mentioned. Go to your closet, kind reader, compare Shakerism with genuine, radical Christianity, and ' then ask and answer, 'Ought I to lea Shaker ?' MORTAL QUESTIONS-SPIRIT ANSWERS A few weeks ago, we were invited by Dr. J.^V. Mansfield, to enter upon the very pleasant task of making another test of his remarkable mediumship. We needed not to test him, that we might personally fully believe in the truthfulness of his valuable gift of giving ready, satisfactory answers from the world of spirits to questions secluded by deepest tests of concealment. The Dr. guarantees no answer, but he is moved by impressions to write what the spirits give him to write. Sometimes he gets no answers, even after renewed sittings for the purpose. We wrote very finely, upon a half-sheet of note, ten questions. We folded up our note, fastening the edges very securely, and when fully folded, doubled the roll, and wrote across the edges of the double fold, fastening the same by a small pin, gummed in, and thoroughly secured and marked. This we placed in a small, white envolope ; and then put both into an envelope, chemically prepared, that would immediately indicate moisture or steam. These we again enveloped, writing across the edges of the securely-closed third envelope. Placing these into a large fourth envelope, we sent the package to the Dr. on the 11th. of February, and received from him the following answers on the 12th, or next day. We live 160 miles from New York, and yet, regardless of postal delays, received our answers in less than twenty-four hours, with not the least indication of any disturbance of our package, as witnessed by several. We would say to those desirous of testing the wonderful powers of the Dr. that they should address some spirit hj the full name, and sign their own full name. These may be deeply imbedded and obscured, and if there is an answer for the parties so addressing, it will be forthcoming. See adv. for the Dr.'s terms ; which, considering how much he has freely and charitably done, is not a money-making occupation—being only four and a half cents per sitting, since the development of his gift. These were the tests: David Hawkins, My Spiritual Friend and Father:—Invited by Dr. Mansfield to make some good, thorough tests of his mediumship, I would ask of you some questions lying nearest my heart's ambition, hoping for comforting replies. Ques. 1. Are you in the possession of enjoyments equal to the promises made you, by your Shaker preceptors, when on earth ? 2. Had you your life to live over, would you live the same Shaker life, and are its rewards In spirit life, good pay? 3. Do you, and companions in spirit, take an interest in The Shaker Manifesto, and to what extent? 4. What is the will of the Shaker spirits concerning its continuance ? 5. What are its effects upon those in spirit life, as well as earth life ? 6. Are the Shakers of the spirit world pleased with its present methods of conducting the evangelical campaign ? 7. What would be the effects of its discontinuance ? 8. Do the ' signs of the times ' look more hopeful, religiously, to you and companions, than to us in earth-life ? 9. How near is your location of habitation to ours ? and 10. What is your greatest anxiety concerning us? THE RESPONSE. My Dear Oeo. Albert: — Tours of the 11th is before me, for which loving and respectful remembrance you have my soul. THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 85 thanks. Much as I am with you from day to day, I had not anticipated this free and uninterrupted talk, only regretting my control is limited, from want of strength to communicate more fully. I was attending a meeting of our people, when the presiding elder announced the arrival of a messenger from other spheres, saying, ' David Hawkins is wanted to speak with those on earth!' I immediately responded 'to the call, and to my great delight, learned it was my dear Geo. Albert that would speak with me. Well, to your questions, lest time passes, and my control breaks before I can notice all your queries. Ans. 1. Yea, Geo. Albert, a thousand times more so ! the enjoyment-*—the beauties of my mansion in the spirit world, no spirit could describe it, nor even give an approximate idea of its loveliness and beauty. Ans. 2. Most assuredly I would. Had I ten thousands of lives to live, I would live the Shaker life. I am aware all are not constituted to be Shakers on the earth, but among all the sects I have met in the land of souls, the Shakers are the most happy. The Shaker's rewards are a hundred fold on earth—I mean true Shakers — and a million fold in this world of spirits! Yea, Geo. Albert, ' it does pay.' Ans. 3. We do. It was spoken of in our meeting to-day, as you measure time. Richard Bushnell, George II. Evans, Betsy Bates, Wm. Offord, Eliza Barbour, Wm. Doolittle, Thos. Rayson and myself were discussing the matter, as to how its borders could be extended, that the starving minds, now ripe and hungry for Shaker teachings, might have the desire of their souls. Ans. 4. I will go and put this question to the meeting, and then give you the results : Those that are in favor of its continuance are the entire meeting, some of whom I will enum. erate, and you will recognize : Richard Bushnell, Josiah Bangs, Thos. Rayson, Gurdon Horton, Polly Turney, Caleb M. Dyer, John Holt, Wm. Doolittle, Anna Smith, Philemon Stewart, Daniel Brainard, Eunice Hastings, Wm. Offord, Melissa Soule, Ellen Rayson, Sarah Turner, Ruth A. Green, Persis Stebbins, Sarah Ann Lewis, Betsy Bates, Robert White, Eliza Barbour, Isaac N. Youngs. Jas. M. King (converted in spirit life), Benj. Moorhouse, Barnabas Hinckley, Abel Knight, Polly Lawrence, Louisa Smith, Celia Saunders, and a. host of others I have not time to enumerate—but their voices are unanimous for its continuance. Ans. 5. The effects are extensive and most blessed. Ans. 6- They are ; and why should they not be—so long as they have the sole management of it—so give credit to where it belongs. You are their mouth-piece, or funnel ; through you they pour out the glad tidings of great joy to the people. Ans. 7. To discontinue its publication would prove disastrous to our fraternity, to an alarming extent; and we hope such a thought never was, nor will be, seriously entertained. Ans. 8. The signs of the times are indeed hopeful; sectarian bigotry is giving place to free thought, and where this abounds, Shakerism will thrive, and hold its own among all the isms of the day. Ans. 9. The spirit world is just around that which you inhabit—in other words, you live in the spirit world to-day, as much so as though you were with me; the difference only is, we see through spiritual eyes—there is no space nor distance between us now. Ans. 10. Our greatest anxiety is, lest you become discouraged at the slowness of the progress of Shakerism; but say to all the Societies : '' Look aloft, and read the signs of the times in golden letters on the sky! Shakerism is approved of God and the angels—the brightest of which is our dear Mother Ann ! ' DAVID HAWKINS. To G. A. Lomas. [We will only add,we are left without the shadow of a doubt of the genuineness of the communication, and are equally happy and grateful for such soul-satisfying replies. The Editor. We wonder if any grown-up children ever ever experience the thoughts of the little boy who... We wonder if any grown-up children ever experience the thoughts of the little boy who had two pennies given him—one for candy, and one for the missionary-box—who, on losing one, immediately concluded that was the one intended for the spread of the gospel I Notes 100 With this issue of The Manifesto we complete our round number of an hundred. To those who have filed copies of all the volumes, it will be seen that we have held our own ground persistently, and how successfully. We aim, simply, through our pages, the illustration of the plain, undraped purity and unselfishness of genuine Christian life. Let none think that we hold a bigoted position in this ; for, being human like the rest of our fellows—having the same perversities and deficiencies to deal with religiously—we feel the power of the Christian's cross, to cut us off from the world and its pleasures, however inviting and pleasing to the senses ; yet are repaid, and more, by an elevated dominion over self and the world. We would not urge upon all the full cross of the Christian, knowing1 full well, how unable many are to endure it; but in this crowning, hundredth number, would call the special attention of believers and lovers of Christ to that question, treated upon elsewhere, which has come up for consideration with many, and may with thousands more: ' Ought I to be a Shaker.'