THE GOOD TIME COMING, Number 2 WM. H. BUSSELL 'There is no death; what seems so is transition.' Reason as well as science proclaims the indestructible nature of all things. Life reigns supreme throughout the universe. What has been called death is simply dissolution of existing forms. Change is one of the modes of active life. ' Surely the mountain falling cometh to nought,' but only as mountain. The incessant action of the elements reduces it by degrees to a state from which superior forms are produced — the grand and beautiful tree ; the flowers of varied hues ; the life-sustaining grains, and the fruit which delight both sight and taste. The earth has written upon its surface, to a considerable extent, its own history, which every geologist can read. In the early period there was, as now presented, the sublime scenery of mountain and valley, lake and river, sea and ocean. Then, by degrees, it put on its garments of beauty. Then appeared the vast and varied multitudes of swimming, creeping, walking, running and flying life. After that, as its crowning glory, came the being with capacity ultimately to appreciate and enjoy all the grand operations hitherto effected or thereafter to be performed. There is no fact in human history better established than that of the low grade of life possessed by man in the earliest ages. The inhabitant of countries at present styled enlightened has no reason to boast of his descent. Whatever books of heraldry may show him with respect to his ancestry, the ' living epistles ' still here and there upon the earth teach unmistakably that, even if Darwin's theory of his origin is not true, yet his progenitors, if but ' little lower than the angels,' were, in fact, not much above the beasts of forest and plain. But it is no less true that his present condition, physically, intellectually, morally and socially, is vastly in advance of that in all preceding periods. There is no need of entering into details. Human history, scanty as it is, sufficiently corroborates the statement. It teaches progress toward higher conditions as man's destiny. The radical teachings of Jesus Christ respecting the Divine character mark the grandest era in the world's history. ' God is love.' ' God so loved the world ! ' Jesus not only taught the universality of love, He exemplified it in His own life. The crowning act of His earthly career was illustrative of the Divine love. The lesson seems a hard one for human beings to learn. The theory is simple, but, alas, for the practice that has been exhibited by many since the days of Jesus and His early disciples! Nevertheless the lesson itself has uever been lost from view, however much it has been surrounded by absurd theories. It has influenced the conduct of thousands all along, and should have influenced myriads more. It is the central idea of progress. It is the grace in which mankind must grow or their advancement in other respects will lack the essential characteristics of progress. All forms of progress, indeed, must be regarded as the off-shoots of one universal spiritual element, Divine Love. This is an ever active element, but little understood by undeveloped minds, yet seen to be operative in all the affairs of life by those whose spiritual vision has been opened. These cannot fail to perceive its steady, gradual working any more than they fail to see the various operations of nature throughout the varied year. They recognize its action in the past, but feel its power in their own times. To them ' the darkness is past and the true light is now shining.' They feel it in the various reforms of the age in which they interest themselves, whether against the tyranny of the individual or of society; the tyranny of the passions or of the appetites ; hence the spirit of prophecy within them breaks forth in predictions clear and strong as those of ' Holy Writ.' Slavery must end, and every form of oppression cease in ' the good time coming ; ' men and women must be respected because they are men and women ; all must have an equal share in all the blessings of life, because by nature they are entitled to them, and Divine Love confirms to them the title ; the future welfare of every individual is THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. secured to eacli, and lie has only to enter upon proceedings in the court of Divine Love for judgment to be rendered in his behalf. Or, in other words, Divine Love must respect all the objects of its love, and, in the blest future, provide that al] shall enter through the gates into the city of Love, after having washed their robes and made them white in the life and spirit of Love, which is ' the blood of the Lamb.'