EDITORIAL NOTES OUGHT I TO BE A SHAKER? 'To be, or not to be' a Shaker; ' that is the question.' It is a soul matter; answered only by ' my soul and I'—nothing compulsory, nor urgent in 'it, until conscience demands an answer. To the casual reader, the question is a ludicrous one; but a little reflection will persuade many to accept, as only its simple synonym, the precious, serious, oftener-asked soliloquy : ' Ought I tote a Christian f' As either question is answered, the results in life will be the same. Yet to the vast majority, there appears, but it is only apparent, an extensive difference between the questions. 'To be,' as was Jesus, the Christ, is the soul answer to these queries. Not merely to think, nor believe ; neither appear nor assent only; but to he what conscience and our profession dictate we should be. To the cursory question ' Ought I to he a Shaker ?' we would unhesitatingly reply: 'Nay.' To the individual who has reflected upon the subject—who has counted the cost, and is prompted by conscience to attempt it, we as quickly say ' Courage, brother.' Will the reader recall the fact, that Jesus was called a Nazarene, out of reproach'{ And that out from Nazareth came the adored, first Christian sample ? Will the reader also remember that ' Shaker ' was intended as an opprobrious epithet ? yet it only signifies one who aims to live primitive, radical Christianity, with all the progressive sentiments of the age added thereto. Do you admire a Christian life, judged by the true criterion—the life of Christ ? Then you ought to be a Shaker. And you will be a Shaker, or lose your admiration for the Christ life. Do you find satisfaction in worldly pleasures, either good or bad, which are not reflected from the goodly life-pattern? you ought not to be a Shaker. Do you wish to marry ? do so; and this decides you are not ready nor able to live as Christ lived, and ought not to be a Shaker. Others, before you, have been excused from being Christians, because they had married their husbands or wives, and therefore, 'could not come' and be a Shaker. 'To forsake all else, and follow Christ,' is the affirmative answer to the question heading this article. The Christian profession is very distinct from the idioms of nomenclature ; and regardless of the various terms of the,religious professions, 'Ho he a Christian' only means, to follow Christ, to live like Christ. To any who finds a repugnance in the term 'Shaker,' all unpleasantness ceases, when eliminating the unpleasant term, from the very Christian practice of all true Shakers. Therefore, we ask none to answer in the affirmative—that they ought to be a Shaker—whose admiration for Christian principles is dimmed because of an uneuphonious adjective. Once, and not many centuries since, 'Christian' was a term of reproach; and those who dared to 'despise the shame' of bearing it, would suffer death, and contumely worse than death, because they thus dared. 'To he a Shaker, or to he a Christian,' is simply summed up thus : 1. A Virgin Celibacy of Life ; none, however, ought to he thus, 84 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. but those fully persuaded that it is a very Christian practice. 3d. Community of Goods; but none should be so Christian and unselfish, as to 'part their goods' with others, until thoroughly convinced that Christ's life teaches this rule. 3d. Peaceable ; but it is useless to ask any to be thus, who marry and hold private possessions ; but is it a Christian requisite ? that is the question. 4th. Unwoeldlifess ; free from the good and bad pleasures of every name and nature, which introduce any obstacle to the three first mentioned. Go to your closet, kind reader, compare Shakerism with genuine, radical Christianity, and ' then ask and answer, 'Ought I to lea Shaker ?'