SACRED PLACES, SACRED SEASONS G. B. AVERY Robert Owen declared, that ' Man is solely the creature of circumstances.' Were this a truism, no efforts, on his own part to avert evil, and attain good, could modify his condition ; he simply would drift as the waves of surrounding influences float his bark seaward—toward the vortex of interminable ruin, or shoreward, toward the haven of truth and blessedness. In other words, he becomes the tool of all other influences but his own will; or, weaker still, without a will power! That man is measurably characterized by circumstances, is a fact supported by universal experience. ' Moore' the Psycho-Moralist, says that ' dirt upon the person, needlessly and careessly suffered to remain there, is not merely dirt, for, no sooner is it carelessly left upon -he skin, than it begins to travel soulward.' A ragged, shabby dress instinctively invites to carelessness of dirt and filth, and ndifference to contact with them. This is o well understood by reformers, that in the Reform Schools' of our country it is conidered almost impossible to produce much eform in children while shabbily and dirty dressed. There is intuitively in the hu- 74 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. man understanding a measurable sense of the fitness of things and conditions ; hence, the common custom of dressing nicely for church or meeting ; of erecting nice buildings for churches, and neat halls held exclusively for the purpose of meetings for sacred devotions to spiritual and heavenly themes ; and, by the laws of spiritual affinity and sympathy, it is much easier for a person to feel cleanly in spirit, when washed and dressed cleanly, than when in filthy or tattered garments. This law of sympathy between soul and body was so well understood by the ancients, that, in cases of national sorrows, or extreme personal sufferings of spirit, it was customary even for nobles and kings to rend their garments ; to dress in sackcloth and ashes ; and to put dust upon their heads. Every tatter of a garment, quietly worn ragged, is gnawing a rag into the wholesome completeness of a sound, clean feeling. The soul writes upon the tablets of sympathy every character of experience in human life ; and also all that the senses have inhaled, be it beauty or deformity, cleanliness or filthiness, sickness or health, pain or pleasure, sorrow or joy. It is much easier to feel sorrowful when in the presence of those who suffer, and joyful when convened with those who are happy and glad. A tatterdemalion is an enclyclopedia of unfinished woes, whose every rag creeps soulward, and steals a portion of one's sense of fitness for good society. It is easier for the soul to fraternize with angels in the spirit spheres, while in apartments kept sacred for devotion to heavenly and pure themes, than it possibly could be in a stable or butcher's stall, or in the distractions of a factory. It would seem that any human being could realize the difficulty of feeling a heavenly stillness, a worship to God, on the plains of a battle-field, mid the roar of cannon, the rattle of musketry, and clashing of resounding arms. Yet, we find people pandering to an indifference and disregard for sacred places, and sacred seasons, and would abandon churches, meeting-halls and retiring rooms, to the common uses and abuses of secular life. ' But, thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and pray in secret, and thy Father, who seest in secret, shall reward thee openly.' Ah, it is when retired to the consecrated hall of worship, or the closeted sanctuary of the dwelling, that the closet of the heart can be most accessible, where the soul can most readily free itself from earthly toils and conflicts, and yield up itself to sympathies of the heavenly hosts. If society has no sacred places, the earthly home is but a market place, where earthly gains and pleasures are traded for sensual delights, and spiritual gifts and graces are unknown ; man becomes a mere earth-worm, a ground hog. . If sacred places are abandoned to secular uses, cumbered with the truck of trade, papers, books, literature of a worldly character, or needless furniture inappropriate to a place of retirement and worship, there is unavoidably added much labor of obtaining, in those retreats, a heavenly, devotional, worshipful spirit; because of the sensitiveness of the human soul to surroundings. When Jesus entered into the Jewish Temple for the worship of Jehovah, and found there the tables of money changers, and seats of dove sellers, he thus reproved the people. ' It is written, ' My House shall be called the House of Prayer/ but ye have made it a den of thieves; ' and He drove them out. There is, in the social economy as real necessity for sacred seasons, as for sacred places; Sabbaths—times for devotion, principally to spiritual gifts and pursuits. True the Christian Sabbath, in its widest sense, is that order of life in the New Heavens and New Earth, instituted by obedience to the law of Christ's Kingdom, which shall ransom man from selfishness and sin, and make his whole life a consecration to God ; but, to obtain the advent of this Sabbath, par excellence, many minor Sabbaths and their fruits are necessary. The mind and spirit as really need seasons of retirement, rest from earth's turmoil, as does the physical body. As well think of obtaining sweet, inspiring, refreshing soulfood, while subjected to the noise and bustle of the factory, mid the whirl of business, the thundering of locomotives, screechings of steam-whistles, clashing of saws, THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. 75 and din of hammers or ringing of anvils ; tlie belchings of Vesuvius, the thunderings of Niagara, the roarings of the billowy deep dashing its breakers upon the rock-bound shores, as \o obtain sweet sleep for the body mid the commotions of the hurricane ! The more subtle and delicate the sense, and refined the influence, the more retired and sacred must be the opportunity for its development. Who could anticipate that a connoisseur could detect and appreciate the delicate flavor of a choice wine, immediately after having tasted aloes, or sharp vinegar? Or who could hear the delicate tones repeated by the telephone, while the ears were dinned by the roar of cannon? As the murmuring of rills, the purring of spindles, the soft strains of the viol, and the faint whisperings of the iBolian harp, are the harbingers of sleep, so the soliloquies of reflection, the sequestrations of retirement are the necessary provisions for the manifestations of spiritual influences and gifts. Thus is man, both body and soul, the subject of influences, though not wholly the creature of circumstances ; but he is moved by all characters of passing events, toward . some new goal of thought, feeling and action. Let us hold fast to our Sacred places and Sacred Seasons. Shakers, N. Y.