Society Record Dried Sweet Corn which has been a staple to be relied upon by the Shakers for more than fifty years, as a well-paying, merchantable article, has become almost a dead article of sale, because of an over-production of inferior qualities, as well as great quantities of the good article being thrown on the market by competitors, outside of Shakerdom. Present prospects indicate that but little of the genuine article will be manufactured in future years by our people. The price of Dried Corn, as we remember it thirty years ago, was governed by the price of flour; and it was rulable to make one barrel of sweet corn buy two barrels of flour. Then it was considered a good business, but not very enriching. Now, a barrel of sweet corn will only buy one barrel of flour, and our people will have to depend on other industries. The business was started in 1828, at Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. It was cooked by boiling on the cob, in a large iron kettle; taken from thence, cut off with knives, and dried in the sun, on boards. In 1840 the first dryhouse was erected, having runways extending out from it, for large platforms on wheels to pass in and out, thus more easily caring for the corn, exposing it to the sun, and preserving it from the rains, or dews by night. On these platforms the corn was spread very thinly, aud raked at intervals to let the warm air percolate every kernel. It was a slow, tedious process, the dessication finding great impediments in the fall of the year by cold, cloudy days — perhaps several rainy days in succession. Then, the whole ' batch' would sour ; extra help would be added to stir it more frequently ; and when the sun did favor it with his rays, and a slight breeze would blow, the entire settlement would be ' regaled ' with a hope, at least, that the corn would be saved, because of the extensive, unpleasant, very sour smell departing the corn, in the atmosphere. Better times were in store for its manufacture, and we will let the Chatham Courier introduce them : 'The drying of corn for the market has for years been one of the principal Indus^otUty g^jctfttf, THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. tries carried on by this busy people. Only a small portion of the corn is grown upon the farms belonging to the community, but contracts are made with farmers throughout the town, who deliver the husked corn at prices ranging from sixteen to twenty dollars a ton, and nearly all the families are busied in taking care of it during a portion of August and September. The establishment at the ' Second Family ' is perhaps as extensive as any. Here Clinton Brainard — most genial and gentlemanly of Shakers — presides, and has reduced the work to a method which seems absolute perfection. Work begins very early in the morning, for the ten-hour plan does not obtain here just at this time. The farmer drives his load of husked corn, carefully covered from dust and sun, upon the platform scales, is weighed, then passes into a building where ready hands pick the ears into small square baskets. They receive none but perfect ears, excluding all less than four inches in length. If an ear is too mature, it is used for seed. If any be too small, or mouldy, or otherwise exceptionable, the farmer must take home a lunch for his porkers. The baskets of corn are closely packed upon an elevator, to the extent of nearly a ton, a rope is pulled, and the engine in the basement lowers them into a steam-box, where they are subjected to about six minutes of rather intense cooking. This accomplished, a bell rings, and they rise, pass the first floor, steaming from their bath, to the second floor, where they are removed from the platform, which returns to repeat its office. The second floor is devoted to removing the corn from the cob. Here are three machines operated by steam, each capable of removing the corn from forty-five ears per minute. The machines are fed directly from the baskets, while the cobs shoot through an inclined tube into the carts, and are drawn away. The machines seem to belong to the workingman's party, inasmuch as they will not work—sometimes. They are a new and novel invention, which does not seem to be quite perfected as yet. Quite as interesting, if less rapid, are the movements of some comely Shaker girls, who, in an adjoining room, by the aid of a peculiar series of fixed knives, and the deftest of white hands, make the machine seem rather inferior after all. The corn falls into larger baskets, which are placed upon a car, and then rolled along a track which connects, by means of a long bridge, the building we have just left with the kiln. The corn is then placed in long shallow pans, and subjected to an even heat from the roaring furnaces below. In this manner two kilns full are dried in twenty-four hours. The dried corn is then passed through a mill which winnows from it every particle of silk or husk which may be with it, and placed in a large bin. A tube passes from this to the lower story. A barrel is placed on the scales, a slide pulled in the conductor and the barrel filled to a certain weight. It is then headed, marked, and is ready for shipment. In this manner they expect to fill twelve hundred barrels this season. They also put up a fine shelf package for grocers' retail trade. Every step is surprisingly neat, and, unlike many establishments, seeing the preparation actually gives one a relish for the thing prepared. DEATHS Henry Watmaugh At South Union, Ky., Feb. 10, Henry Watmaugh, aged 84 years. To Those ' Liberally Inclined.' The office of The Shaker Manifesto returns its sincere gratitude to those who have so kindly responded to the call of our publisher in March number. This is putting yourselves in our place very appreciatively and acceptably. Ed.