EDITORIAL NOTES THE KEY-NOTE OF OUR RELIGION We purpose, by the preaching of Shakerism, to keep in view of the world two prominent testimonials, and to proclaim these in language so simple, plain and unmistakable that 'he who runs may read ' just what we mean. First, our testimony against sin; in this, we have the sympathy and aid of the whole theological world. This testimony objects to the breakage of any of God's laws, regardless of the class to which they may be classified. There is but little controversy among all the churches as to what sin is, in its general signification. But we find the great stumbling-block, in the way of Shakerism being acceptable to the majority of professedly Christian people, to be its renunciation of the good, as well as the bad of the world. Herein is the key note of Shakerism found; and herein is thought to be found sufficient cause to call us fanatical and unreasonably provoking in our testimony. The rule of a Christian life should be, to live separate, not only from the bad, but of the good of those living unlike Christ Jesus. To follow Cheist, then, is the rule ; and who does so is a Christian. ' To follow me/' said the great Apostle, 'as (far as) I follow Christ; ' and the following of any other pattern is unchristian, Peter, Paul or Apostles to the contrary, notwithstanding. We plead our cause, for the resurrection of the life of humanity now ; for the copying of a life superior to the good and best worldly lives ; and Christ's life being that life, aitoxint THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Ill our model, the key-note to Shaker ism is found in the denial and renunciation of every thing not in accordance with that life as a pattern. As ye would NOTES. —President Hayes is worthy the thanks of all heavens for the just and merciful position he acts from, when dealing with the Chinese. While so many intriguers with policy are seeking selfish ends at the government's capital, it is an assurance that America is not God-forsaken, nor likely to be, while R. B. Hayes stands at its official head. And what a shame it is, that the names of so many brilliant political lights of both parties (and particularly shameful for the Republicans), were recorded in favor that 'the heathen Chinee must go ! ' May the President and his counselors give us as practical illustra tions of the golden rule while dealing with the Indian question. The Living Issue It is clearly apparent to every thinking individual that secta rian bigotry and the lines of theological separation are being dissolved by that better religious element — Common Sense,— and men are looking above the mists of mere denominationalisms to see who is living the best, most Godly life. The living issue is to take precedence of mere profession; while his theology is right, whatever it is termed, whose life is righteous ? If Christ's life is the standard, the theology which teaches and demands a similar life of us is the correct one; and before it, let empty theological professions vanish. Home Mission Work While The Manifesto is the intended medium of evangelizing the world, according to Shakerism, and to be a missionary athwart our United Societies, we would kindly inform these that recent communications to this office, from genuinely sin-sick souls, are burdened with the inquiries pertinent to ' the broth erly love and bonds of faith' among us. Unless we can present the most convincing proofs that we have something better to live for than can be found anywhere else among the churches ; and give positive assurances that we are ' raised from death unto life, because of our love to the brethren' it were better we ceased the circulation of The Manifesto until home missions were in the most sucessful operation. Brethren, we are being watched ; and let the result of the watching result in the conviction that we have the love of God manifested in our love for each other. A Shaker Life demands self-denial; more — self-renunciation and Christly substitution. All that we have, which can harmonize with Christ's life, is saved; thus Christ saves us. This self-denialj and renunciation of self are not to be indiscriminately applied, but most consistently applied, for the correction of our selfish loves and lives, and resurrection of the human life up to the divine pattern. Thus, the passionate loves and lusts of the generative, worldly man and woman are lost in a new creation or habitude of life, wherein these selfish considerations are become dead, or, at least, dying in the soul, and upon whose dying ashes there rises the saintly character of unworldly, unselfish Christians—followers of Christ. No lusts ; no selfish ends to accomplish ; no love of the flesh nor of money ; no appetites for the normal nor abnormal habits of the worldling — bat a Shaker, so nearly representing the Christ to the world that the relationship and identity will be easily and generally remarked upon.