THOUGHTS FOR TO-DAY Different Lives In a letter of a correspondent of the Christian, , London, Eng., writing from Cannes, said: 'A skeptical young German said, ' Plead for your Christianity as eloquently as you like, but till I see your professing Christians live different lives frona other men, I cannot believe in Christianity.'' It is indeed the test by which every religion must rise, or fall. Blessed am de dead 'I hab hearn,' said a colored preacher, while enforcing the duty of liberality on his congregation, ' ob many a church what hab died bekase it gib away too little for de Lord, but I neber hearn ob any what died bekase it gib away too much. Ef any ob you know ob any church ob dis kind, what died from liberality, jes tell me where it is, and I will make a pilgrimage to it, and by de soft light ob de pale moon I will crawl upon its mosscovered roof, and write upon its topmost shingle : ' Blessed am de dead what die in the Lord.'' A man who is tricky... Dr. Alexander Clark Dr. Alexander Clark is not mistaken in saying: 'A man who is tricky soon becomes a treacherous man, and then no man at all—only the ghost of a dead conscience.' A movement in New York is contemplated to... A movement in New York is contemplated to make all Episcopal churches freeseated, alike for the poor and rich. Rest 'Doctor, you must really prescribe something for me.' ' My dear lady, you need no medicine—only a little rest, and then you'll be as well as ever.' •' But, doctor, surely I ought to be given some medicine of some sort or other. You've only felt my pulse ; examine my tongue.' (He does so.) 'Precisely, madam, your tongue needs rest too.' Like Swans? A Scotch minister thus discoursed on the carelessness of his flock : ' Brethren, when you leave the church just look down on the duke's swans. They are very bonny swans, an' they'll be sooming about an' aye dooking doon their heads and laving theirsels wi' the clear water till the're a drookit. Then you'll see them sooming to the shore, an' they'll gie their wings a bit flap an' they're dry again. Now, my friends, you come here every Sabbath, an' I lay you a' ower wi' the gospel till ye're fairly drookit wi' it. But you just gang awa' hame, an' sit doon by your fireside, gie your wings a bit o' flap, an' ye're aa dry as ever again.' Arbitration vs. War The cost of the armies and navies of all the nations which call themselves civilized, amounts to a thousand million dollars each year, in times of peace. In order that these nations may assume a defensive attitude and be ready to protect their rights, or assault the rights of some other nation on slight provocation, five million able-bodied men are taken from the active producing portion of the people, and a burden of twelve dollars per year is laid upon those who remain at work, for the support of standing armies and navies. When wars occur the expense is, of course, greatly increased, and burdens of debt contracted which require years to wipe out. Colds, so-called It is rare indeed that a person catches cold if decent regard be paid to dress. So marvelously is Nature prepared to guard against even violent changes of temperature when the individual is ' in condition.' A celebrated physician relates a fact in his experience of a certain family — nearly every member invariably had a cold in the head after dining on roast goose, a dish of which they were especially fond. Dining there one day he observed how they caught their colds. He was the only one at the table that was not helped twice, and, strangely enough, the only one that escaped a cold. Many scrupulously careful people, about dress, are continuallv suffering with the complaint in question, when, if they were as considerate as to what they put in the body as to what they put on they would be exempt from this, as well as many other troubles. When the stomach is disordered, bowels closed, the system completely clogged, and headache, running at the nose, fever, lameness, weakness and lassitude, give warning of a fearful reckoning near at hand, the poor, self-abused victim wonders how he caught such a cold, or 116 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. very likely fancies he can remember just when he caught it—like the old lady, when fairly at a loss for an exciting cause, attributed her last cold to taking gruel out of a damp basin. I cured one of the worst cases, where all of the above alarming symptoms were well marked. The cure was complete in twenty-four hours, and without one drop of medicine. A sponge bath was ordered at bed-time, another in the morning ; no breakfast was allowed, in spite of the gnawing at the stomach, which was appeased by small draughts of cold water, one-fourth the usual dinner, and a single slice of bread and butter with a cup of weak tea for supper, pure air throughout the day, sponge bath at bed-time. Simple enough, certainly. The result was a good night's rest, and an awakening in perfect condition. It is safe to assert that 90 in the 100 of these colds might be as speedily cured, instead of having their usual run, while this treatment would prove the most effectual in every case, and if due care be taken they may be still more easily prevented.— From Page's Good Health. Let Chinee Stay The Chicago Tribune reports a conversation with an intelligent Chinaman named Chan Pak Kwai, on the subject of anti-Chinese legislation. He denied many of Senator Blaine's assertions, and said : ' There are hundreds and thousands of families in Cliina where the family ties are as sacredly kept as among the whites ; and, under the influence of the mission schools and Christianity, they are increasing every year. The charge that the Chinese do not assimilate with Americans or adopt their manners and customs is also false. They are slow to accept the policy of brickbats and cobblestones, it is true. You must remember that they are completely ostracized. If a Chinaman marries a white, woman, the first thing is to kill him. Still they have married white women, and established good homes. They are not allowed to attend the public schools, nor to have public schools in their own quarters. What education they get of American ideas, manners and customs they must get by observation or in mission schools. If you will give the Chinaman the privilege of stuffing ballot-boxes, he will probably put on American toggery and cut off his queue. The Chinaman's queue is his badge of nationality. With it, he is a subject of the Chinese government, and under its protection. If he cuts off his queue, puts on pantaloons, and adopts American manners and customs, he is denationalized., and ceases to be a Chinese. But the American government will not admit him to citizenship, and he therefore becomes a waif without a nationality. He, therefore, prefers to wear a queue, and be the subject of some government. I once cut off my queue, put on American dress, adopted your manners so far as I was able, and, after fifteen years' residence, applied to the government for citizenship, and was denied. I then put on my queue and Chinese costume, so that I might belong to some nation. If the American government would admit to citizenship a Chinaman when he had acquired the English language, adopted the customs of your people, and established a character for honesty and integrity, thousands are now ready to cut off their queues and become American citizens.'