Home Topics Lime water A handy thing to have in the house is a jar or bottle of lime-water. Pour water over unslacked lime (the quantity; is not important, as only a certain amount will be slacked), and cork up for use. A spoonful of the clear liquid stirred into milk, cream or bread sponge in danger of souring, will prevent that catastrophe. It also cleanses bottles, etc., that have an unpleasant odor. A person who needs milk, but whose digestion is so weak as not to manage it, will find no inconvenience if into a glass of the lacteal fluid is stirred a wineglass of lime-water. The difference in taste is not perceptible. Molded Crushed Wheat While the boiled or steam crushed wheat is still warm, pour it into molds slightly wet, and let it stand several hours, or until quite cold and loose at the edges ; then turn it out on a dish of corresponding shape, an oval mold on a platter, a round mold on a plate or saucer; if to be dished on the table, use a large mold ; if to be brought on already dished, tea-cup molds, served in saucers with trimmings, look nicely. After cooked wheat is once cold, it cannot be warmed and mashed up with hot water and then molded; long steaming only can restore any of its fluidity, but even then it will not be so good nor mold so readily as when first cooked. Floating Island Heat a quart of milk to the boiling point; stir in the yolks of five eggs, well beaten, and let them cook, while you stir them often, three minutes. Cool and add a little lemon or vanilla. Beat the whites to a stiff froth, and dip by the spoonful into a kettle of boiling water ; and when stiffened lay them over your custard. Mealy potatoes Mealy Potatoes. — Select the potatoes so that they will be nearly of a size ; do not put them into the pot until the water boils. When done, pour off the water and remove the cover until the steam is gone. Then scatter in half a teaspoonful of salt, and cover the pot with a towel. Watery potatoes will thus come out mealy. One who writes on 'Food for the famishing,' urges the poor to... One who writes on ' Food for the Famishing,' urges the poor to emancipate their minds from the superstition that beef and beer are indispensable. He informs them that a pound£of lentils, peas or beans has as much slaying 'power as two pounds of beef, costing ten times as much.