Book Table Life of Benj. F. BUTLER T. A. Bland by Lee and Shepard, Publishers, Boston, Mass. Worthy to be read by every lover of his country. ' Speak of me as I am; nothing extenuate, nor set down ought in malice.' We are not politicians ; but when Congress, the President, and all leading officials of Government, tender thanks and grateful acknowledgments to an individual for very important and valuable services rendered our nation, it is wise for individuals to read, become informed, and reflect, before passing censorious criticism. We know B. F. Butler much better for the reading of this little work; and he has our much larger respect for the knowledge. The New Testament Joseph B. Rotherham translated and critically emphasized, by , is among the invaluable publications of the day. We feel sure that the author has exercised much care and intense critical judgment in preparing, in its correctness, this literal version from the original Greek, for the benefit of all English readers. We are also made aware that it has been the conscientious motive of the author to assist in particular manner that class of people who would reach Apostolic Writings with as little conventionalism as possible; and to this class, of which we are sure there are many, we are pleased to recommend this work, feeling sure it will prove an unparalleled assistance to the study of The New Testament. Indeed, we think there could be no more valuable addenda made to the library of every theological student; and we believe it not extreme to say, that this work should be in the hands of every Bible Scliolar. Its merits are beyond exaggeration. The second edition is certainly an improvement upon the first, its modes of expression having been cautiously softened without loss of exactness ; while a superior neatness graces its pages. We feel an exceedingly warm pleasure in introducing this very valuable work to our readers, and direct them to correspond with John Wiley and Sons, Publishers, 15 Astor Place, New York.