LIFE AND ITS PURPOSE G. B. Avery ' We believe the Supreme Being created intelligent beings for some benevolent and glorious purpose.' — Webster. The ambition of the worldly man is generally directed to one, or more, of the following purposes: the acquisition of wealth, power, or fame, for distinction. The worldly, unambitious, purpose simply pleasure, enjoyment, creature comforts. To every young man or woman starting out on the journey of life, the question is a very serious and important one : To what purpose shall I give my life ? The lowest and meanest of all purposes is entire selfishness. To plan, toil, and, if possible, obtain a degree of wealth, and spend the entire sum of life's earnings for individual, selfish ends, the satisfaction of the passions ; social and sexual pleas- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 99 ures; travel, sight-seeing or voluptuousness, gormandizing in meats and drinks, or feeding the mental maw, without appropriating its treasured lore for the benefit of humanity. A step higher in the scale of life's appropriations is to live for self and family on the generative plane ; and with these to share the products of toil, material wealth, mental wealth, and the love and affections of a normal, natural life. A life strictly in accordance with nature's unadulterated laws is an honor and blessing to the worldly man and woman, and to the interests of its common society; the difficulty of thus living lies in the fact that the passional nature of man is so corrupted at the fountain, that, in this relation, men and women do not find strength to keep nature's law of continence. But, a still higher, nobler, happier life, is one devoted and consecrated to the family of Christ—the Christian community, where, instead of simply one man, or one woman, upon whom to bestow care,benefits, love and affection, there are multitudes, all dwelling together in a pure, virgin relation, in the capacity of Fathers, Mothers, Brothers and Sisters of one household of faith, and harmoniously toiling in one labor of love, that is, the support and comfort immediately, of the family of Christ, mediately for the benefit of all mankind, as far as influences may extend, and opportunity offers to do good. In this order of life there is, comparatively, little suffering ; the domestic cares and burdens are borne by many; and if one sister or one brother is sick, or unable to attend to the duties of life, the companions are not left to ply the laboring oar alone ; there are others ready to lencl assistance ; therefore, no occasion of sufferings from neglect of care. In the social sphere of this relation, the privileges of reciprocal comfort and blessing are enlarged more than an hundred fold, because, while one companion, as a brother or sister, is suffering from physical disease or pain, or is worn down with cares and sorrows, there are, in this family relation, still others, at all times accessible, to cheer, comfort, and help bear up. In its spiritual communion, the privileges and opportunities of enjoyment, comfort and strength, are infinitely increased among the truly consecrated and faithful, for the sources of bliss are three fold. 1st, A consciousness of having lived to be and do good, not only to one's self but to the household of faith, and the whole family of man; 2d, the blessings and love which are bestowed by others for benefits received; 3d, the blessings and benedictions of Grod. In the relations of this Christ family the opportunities of reciprocal benefits are extensively multiplied ; since, with those true to its order, there is a gushing fountain of personal and social peace flowing like the ceaseless rolling river ; and union and blessing, which are infinitely expanding and interchanging, nursing the plants of grace, refreshing the flowers of cheerfulness, and swelling to perfection and luscious ripeness the fruits of Heaven —those soul-lit inspirations which gladden every participant, bringing heaven to earth, and converting earth, within the arena of this pure relation, into an Eden, when compared with 100 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. the abodes and conditions of those in a carnal life, who war, and contend for supremacy and power, and who, as the subjects of sensuality, feed on sorrows, bitterness and disappointments. Go to the squallid habitations of the poor and destitute, where hunger gnaws, and tatters and sickness from exposures tell the tale of woe, or where sin corrodes the heart 'mid luxury's palaces of glittering plate on sideboards laden with silver and gold; where, not the wants that pinch the poor are known, but the want of peace and contentment; where the brain is fevered with cares of hoarded wealth, and the spirit weighed in sadness from convictions of ill-gotten gains and injured innocence. Take thy stand where the gay and grand, the full-fed and giddy throng are rushing into pleasure's fields and fashion's gauzy palace; here, in these retreats, ask, Are these life's noble purposes? Alas, how miserable, then, such life. Visit the fields of this worldly life's closing drama ; pause 'mid the works of art sacred to the memory of these dead ; see here the harvests of toil, che burdens of misspent genius and wealth, piled in gorgeous, massive blocks, — monuments of pride, vanity and foolishness—cold, heartless and cheerless as the death-clod upon which they are piled. Here pause again, and ask yourself, Is this the end of life's noblest purpose? If so, 'tis not a prize ! Ah, nay ; a lottery blank; a vestment, color faded, and stripped of warp and woof; thin as the fleeting mist, and evanescent as the scent of flowers. But, God be praised ; life hath a l nobler gift, a higher purpose, when consecrated to the upbuilding of Heaven's Kingdom upon earth, and devoted to virgin purity ; it rises above earth and its corroding cares, treasures, toils, turmoils and strife; above that Heaven of which the selfish and worldly only sing and dream, but always place in the regions ' over there.' It holds, while here, sweet converse with the comforting angels of the brighter spheres, and rests securely in the possession of peace, quietness and heavenly communion with the loved, honored and blessed who are reaping sheaves of gladness from the ripened harvests of the heavenly shores. Shakers, N. Y.