SPIRITUAL CHEMISTRY CECELIA DEVYR It is said that of ' the earth God created man ;' and certainly there are many of its elements to be found in his anatomy at this day (microcosm that he is), and we might well think that the breath which made him a living soul was a combination of the spiritual conditions of every thing that existed in the heavens above, and on the earth below, and in the waters of the earth. A person who deals with things as well as theories, will tell us that two substances, or conditions, that are opposite to each other, may be united by the introduction of another element, which will not make them like itself, but will so transform and be transformed as to leave no trace of what any of the three were originally. There are two great opposing forces which oper- 110 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. ate on the soul. The natural, which is of the flesh, and destroys the life of the soul, and the spiritual, which is of the heavens, and destroys the life of the flesh. Whenever I meditate on their workings, I think I am studying spiritual chemistry. And why am I not ? If natural fire can resolve material substances back to their first principles, and make new combinations, cannot the gospel fire also analyze the soul — destroy whatever is worthless or pernicious in its composition, and in course of time re-create it ? The gospel is, to us, at least, the regulating and developing power of God. If we come fully under its influence, it will so soften and blend our feelings in ourselves, and with each other, that we shall be like the instrument of a master-hand, which the musician never fails to discover, because of harmonies. The ancient mythologists recognized every passion and feeling as a separate spirit, and represented them as gods and demons. Poets, philosophers and all other inspired persons have likened the soul to every thing, from the boundless universe, yea, from God Himself, down to the ear of corn or the blade of grass. The similarity between the earth and the soul is very clear. Both, in a natural state, are either sterile or yield good and bad plants together. And they mostly bear leaves. Fruits are the reward of culture. The soul is a curious gift — self-contemplative, sensitive, affectionate, having as one of its attributes an assurance of immortality, and yet affected by and attracted to earthly things, ever ready to shrink from its own mercies, and forget that ' The high suffering which we dread, A higher joy discloses. Men saw the thorns on Jesus' head, But angels saw the roses.' Truly the gospel comes like a living spirit to help us to govern and cultivate our souls. If we are faithful, rich will be the harvest of our lives. But if we do no worse than neglect our privileges, and idle our time, the summer will pass, the harvest will end, and we, like the barren fig tree, shall have ' nothing but leaves.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.