THE SHAKERS ON USURY John A. Lant: Esteemed friend.— Four postal card was received by to-day's mail... Lebanon, Ohio, April 7,1879 [From the Liberator.] John A. Lant: Esteemed friend.— Four postal card was received by to-day's mail. I return my thanks for the same. You write : I would be pleased to have your explanation in the matter of Interest. Your coupon was the first I ever held, and I felt condemned. In regard to your condemnation for holding an interest coupon, I would suggest that you would counsel with your wife and get her judgment. Men sometimes become alarmingly squeamish on such subjects, and can be greatly benefited by opening their feelings to a sensible woman, and the man is generally safe in following the course given. In regard to interest, I have no defense of it to offer. It is like land monopoly and kindred evils, which, as we progress in goodness and justice, we will gradually out grow. Some extremists, like yourself, may work themselves into a feeling of condemnation for holding a paltry one-dollar coupon, just as some of the Abolitionists would not use cotton cloth or sugar, because it was the product of slave labor. I always respect such men, but doubt the wisdom of their sentiments. The evil of monopolies is that they are used selfishly. If you set up a monopoly where the poor and the rich are alike benefited by it, then its objectionable features disappear. I belong to a community where the poor and the rich are alike benefited by the coupons that might accrue on a thousand or ten thousand a year, or any other amount of thousands of dollars. Some years since, during the crusade against whisky shops in this State, our people became interested in it. One good Elder would not sell his barley to the buyers (and he had a large quantity), and the consequence was. his family came to want. His taxes were to pay, and no money to meet the payments. If that man had been allowed to go on in that way, disaster would have ensued, not to himself alone, but to 45 or 50 others. Others took a more practical view of the situation, and declared we were in a period of the world's history that, to exist, we had to own land, work for a living on it, and even raise enough from it to pay taxes on it; and this we could not do in any other way than by selling part of the crop to do it. Nay, friend John, I don't believe the efforts of a single, obscure, individual will amount to a feather's weight to cure the interest evil, any more than the efforts made by the poor Abolitionist to destroy slavery, when he refused to wear a cotton shirt, because the slave picked the cotton away down in Alabama. But when judgments got ripe and the war was inaugurated, that was the kind of reasoning that slave owners could respect ; and so it will be in regard to interest on money.* There is no greater curse resting on civilized nations at the present time than the CURSE OF USURY —and all kinds of interest is usury. Every interest at the pres* ent time is feeling1 the effects of this evil, as every person of common sense will understand. And the remedy may come slowly, but it is sure to come ; and those who have the most of the filthy lucre will be the deepest in their wail, because their treasures do not any longer bring them in the desired dividends. You may think by what I have written that we are wealthy, and have bonds by the quantity. Such is not the case, however. We, as a Society, it might be said, are neither too rich nor too poor. We have lands and houses, and if we don't get to be too lazy, we need not come to want, for we can always get a good living from the land, if they don't raise the taxes too high to pay the interest on the State and other debts. Now, friend John, I have written three times as much as I intended to when I began, but am not well versed in the art of condensing my ideas, although I have that continually in mind when writing, especially to a man of your profession. Wishing you a long life, plenty to do, and the reward of a good conscience, and a comfortable home, I am ever your friend, Wm. Reynolds. Wm. Reynolds.