SPRING CATHARINE ALLEN We read of ancient nations that held annual celebrations at their spring season; who went forth in grand, and solemn procession to greet the fresh glories of earth. At this glad season, we also go forth in one communion to walk in pleasant places. Is it in recognition, or imitation of their rites, and customs ? or simply in response to our own love of the beautiful, to hail the power of the risen sun, and hearken to the mingled voices of new forms of life, which springtide, glowing in magnetic light, hath brought forth from the bosom of hoary winter ? The woodland hills outstretched in ever varying beauty, and babbling springs that course onward, winding like silver threads through the green valleys below ; the tender grasses 102 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. and perfumed flower, answering sweetly to the smile of sunny skies, and robing the turf in beauty, the opening blossoms, waving boughs in promise of future harvest, are all objects of rejoicing, and worthy of our gratitude. But are we not prompted by deeper motives, and is not our tribute of praise for higher objects ? These withering beauties—the tangible effects of evolution's hidden forces—are not only shadows of realities, more perfect, but they are emblems of our own resurrection ; and while we consider the wonderful transformations of matter, under the action of the material sun, it seems appropriate for us to review the changes wrought by the sun of the Spiritual universe. Peering through the long dim vista of time, we note the period when its dawn barely lighted the horizon, and commenced its developing work upon the crude elements of mind then existing. Its course has been onward and upward. Organizations, nations,and empires have been brought forth, and, like the successive seasons, have had their births, bloom, fruitage and decay; each time enriching the soil of humanity for superior growth. Not only do we perceive that nations and empires, politically and socially considered, have passed through these changes, but from the light which gleams upon us from antiquity, we are shown that above and encircling all, are great cycles of spiritual progress, marked by the onward course of the soul of all illumination, the Christ orb, whose energizing radiance has ever operated on the mind of many to develop and define. Upon its orbit of supernal brightness, as on that of the material sun, are marked the degrees of its cycles, corresponding to the seasons of earth. The divine influx, pouring like a flood upon humanity, ere long will reveal that knowledge of principles, in which the entire past will become luminously visible, and the future appear as present. Then shall the years of spiritual progress be numbered, as Astronomers and Geologists count the years of time. Even now the signs are being read by leading minds of all classes. Great agitations and upheavals of earth, storms, famine and pestilence, are known to have connection with comets, eclipses, and other unusual occurrences in the planetary systems. A similar relation exists between spiritual forces, and the revolutions of kingdoms, and upheavals of mind, from which continual change is wrought. Previous to the divine influx, in which every religious revival the world has ever known, has had its origin, and been maintained—till new organizations spring forth —has been a wintry season of infidelity and spiritual dearth, in which thinking classes have reasoned themselves out of reason into cold intellectual philosophies, containing scarcely a gleam of spiritual faith; and the masses clung to old forms, and lifeless effigies which had once represented a living worship. That this chill season of spiritual inertia has long spread its gloom over earth, is sadly felt by many; but there is much to cheer and encourage. It has been a natural and needed rest to the soil of humanity, in which vital forces have been concentrating, which will soon burst forth in a beauty and grandeur, never before equaled. Already we feel their throbbings, and are fanned by mellow breezes. The air is rife with inspiration, and the voice of prophecy tells of a glad future. New fountains of life will be unsealed, and the tree of Immortality put forth its ' leaves for the healing of the nations.' A deeper, broader religious revival than has ever before visited the children of earth, comprehending the very soul of science and philosophy, shall descend in sunshine and shower, from the spiritual spheres, bringing many needed reforms in Civil Governments and in physiological habits. Then shall the nations rejoice in the youthful beauty of New Heavens, and New Earth, and worship God in a well-ordered life. Mt. Lebanon N. Y..