ANN LEE. HER WORK, HER PEOPLE AND THEIR CRITICS.Twelfth Paper. John Hocknell was, financially, the staff upon which Mother Ann's little society THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 103 leaned for temporal support during their emigration to, and colonization in, America, as he was the principal in the founding of the Shaker institution in this country. John Hocknell was a native of Cheshire, in England ; a very respectable character, and possessed of considerable property. Religiously speakiug, he first became a member of the Methodist society ; but, on witnessing the superior gifts and power of the spirit manifested in the society of James and Jane Warldley, he became a convert to their faith, and was baptized into the spirit of their dispensation of light and power, which was the ripening fruit of the French-prophet manifestation of the work of God. As Ann Lee became a leading spirit in that society, John readily embraced the increasing light manifested through her, who subsequently became the acknowledged leader and Mother of the little society. In deportment he was very meek ; and was greatly gifted in visions and prophecies concerning the future of the work of God among this little band of spiritual New Lights and their converts. Among other precious gifts which John possessed in a remarkable manner was the gift of healing for the physical body. He sailed for America with Mother Ann Lee, and the little band with her, defraying the expenses of the journey. On their arrival in New York, August 6th, 1774, John Hocknell, accompanied by William Lee (who soon after was entitled Father by his adoring followers), went from New York up the Hudson river to select a location for the founding of a society ; this was fixed a few miles south-west of the confluence of the Mohawk and Hudson rivers, in a place called by the Indian name of ' Niskayuna,' meaning ' good maize, or corn land.' He purchased here a small tract of wilderness land, located in Albany county, New York State, and about seven miles north-west of Albany city. Soon after this John returned to New York and embarked for England, to bring to America his family, and make further arrangements for the settlement of Ann Lee's little society in this country. On the 25th of December, 1775, John Hocknell, with his family, arrived in Philadelphia, accompanied by John Partington. From Philadelphia they proceeded to New York, where they found Mother Ann Lee. They continued in that city until the following February, then went up to Albany by land. After the opening of the river in the spring, they went down the river to New York to bring up their chattels. On their return to Albany, Mother Ann joined them. Soon after their arrival in Albany, John Hocknell and some others of the society proceeded to ' Niskayuna,' where they commenced clearing the land John had purchased, and preparing for a settlement by erecting suitable buildings and making other necessary provisions. This was accomplished in the course of the summers and winter of 1775 and 1776, insomuch that the members of Mother Ann's small society who still stood faithful in obedience to the principles of the new light they had embraced, in the month of September, 1776, found a residence together, in the wilderness of the town now called Watervliet near Niskayuna. The financial burden of this enterprise was borne by the devoted, sainted Brother John Hocknell, to whom the little infantile society thus far owed its fortunes. He remained steadfast in the faith and principles of the Gospel of Christ's Second Appearing, and faithful to its behests unto the end of his earthly pilgrimage, which took place on the 27th of February, 1779, aged 76 years. It was really a gigantic task for a man 73 years of age, and still burdened with family cares, to leave his native land, and emigrate to a new world, 3,000 miles distant, and make a new home in the wilderness, comparatively distant from human society, waiting and working in faith for the development of principles which should introduce upon earth an order of the Kingdom of Heaven, but the growth of which, on earth, he did not survive to witness. In this man's life we have a sample of consecration to God of life, time and treasure greatly to be admired and honored, but equaled by few. His heroism and godliness merit an imperishable record in the memory of all the followers of Mother Ann Lee, till time shall end. Some souls imagine they make great sac- 104 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. rifices for the Kingdom of Heaven's sake, who never leave their country, home, treasure, nor friends, but simply yield their time and services to the genuine Christian Cause; let such bestow honor where it is due, and, by the example of their peers, learn to be humble and unassuming; this is true loyalty and dignity.