Agricultural Carding Cattle ' Whilst horses are carefully groomed and brushed,' says the London Agricultural Gazette, ' cattle are entirely neglected; and in such a state they cannot thrive or do as well as they would in a state of cleanliness. Look at a lot of cattle when released from their bonds, and they find a rubbing post, or, when they approach each other, and in bucolic language say: ' Lick me and I'll lick you. The offer is seldom declined. When they are bound their efforts to get something to rub against and allay the itching are something pitiable to see. I remember the case of a bull which, for some time, would not permit me to approach him in his stall. Beginning with a rub and a scratch on the rump, I at each visit extended the scratching, and now if I omit the operation he shows unmistakably his disapprobation. Nothing pleases him better than the application of a hard THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 117 brush, and he exhibits in a variety of ways his pleasure. I have tried him with food of various kinds, by having them put before him, but he will not touch any of them until the rubbing down is finished.' Keep Them Clean The Maryland Farmer (Baltimore) reminds farmers that ' a good rubbing, brushing and cleaning of the hair of cattle, horses and even hogs is equal to or better than a hearty meal. Keep all stock free from dirt and filth. Rub or wash off all mud from horses' legs before going into the stable for the night. Keep the cattle dry and free from the mire and muck of the barnyard. To do this the yard should be well littered, and thereby the manure-pile will accumulate.' Cure of Dry Teat A correspondent of the American Jersey Bulletin (Judge Beer, of Bucyrus, 0.), writes to that journal: « * * 'when she calved last year she lost one of her hind teats, and gave no milk from it during the year. * * I had noticed in the Country Gentleman (March 7, 1878, p. 155), that Dr. Home prescribed fluid extract of scoke root (Phytolacca decandra). I gave it internally and applied it externally, beginning ten days before calving. It had a marked effect from the first. The cow had commenced ' making bag' before the medicine was used, in the three sound quarters only. Immediately after its use the other quarter began to develop, and at the time of calving (December 2) was nearly as large as the others, and continued growing until it became so, and yielded as much milk as the rest. The cure is perfect.' [Dr. Home's directions are: Ten days or a week before calving, give one drachm of the extract in one ounce of rain-water, increasing to two drachms, and rub on a little of the same a day or two before and after calving—rub in hard. On no account allow the cow to become plethoric. — Ed. Manifesto. Care of the Orchard 'Young orchards should be cultivated and manured for the first ten years, when they will bear good crops if properly handled,' wrote M. C. Baldwin, of Chemung, N. Y., in a letter to the Elmira (N. Y.) Farmers' Club, on the management of orchards. For twenty years he left the wormy fruit that dropped from his trees on the ground, when the apples became so wormy and small that he was obliged to change this practice. For the past three years he has turned in sheep and hogs; they have eaten the drops, and, he thinks, destroyed the worms. For trees that need cultivation he throws manure or coarse mulch around them, and the hogs root it up and turn it over and over again until it is thoroughly mixed. He stacked his stalks and coarse fodder, and fed all in the orchard, and also draws coarse manure there, such as tobacco stalks, straw or mulch. Leached ashes is considered first rate, and a little lime is pronounced beneficial. The result is, that his fruit is clean, free from worms, smooth and handsome, and the trees bear great crops. President Hoffman said that many of the orchards of Western New York are treated as Mr. Baldwin treats his. Mr. Barry thinks that the ravages of the coddling moth are materially lessened when pigs and sheep have been allowed free run. Joseph Harris, he believed, also approved of this practice. Some farmers leave their orchards without cultivation, but keep the surface of the ground well scarified by using sharp drags freely. If the land is set with grass, President Hoffman had no doubt but that good results would follow such treatment. Most of the diseases of cattle are caused by wrong treatment... Most of the diseases of cattle are caused by wrong treatment — too much feed at one time, too little at another; too rich at one time, too poor at another, etc. If all the cattle and horses were fed and watered and used properly, there would be little disease.