The Children's Grotto SONG OF THE WISHTONWISH GRANVILLE T. SPROAT The Indians1 believe that, after death, the spirits of their friends often assume the appearance of beautiful birds, and visit their former abodes, to comfort and cheer with their songs, the loved ones left behind them. The whip-poor-will (wishtonwish), is the bird whose form they often take, as it loves to sing in the still hours of night, when the spirit is calm and undisturbed by the cares of the day, and can best appreciate its loving and friendly mission. I come, I come from the Land of Souls— The beautiful spirit land ; Where the friends you love, in their white canoes, THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 113 Glide over the silvery strand. Where the forest with singing birds resounds And the skies are bright and clear ; And the summer breeze to the sun god sings, Through all the festal year. I come from the friends you have loved so well— The noble, just, and true ; All day they sit on the shore and wait— They sit and wait for you. They sit beside the billowy sea, And gaze across the main ; They long to clasp you in their arms, And. feel your hearts again. Last night I sat by their wigwam fires, And heard the children sing;2 Their merry laugh and shout arose From all that joyous ring. Oskinawa, the young, was there, And Ahkawainze, old ; And strong and brave were the songs they sung; And many a tale was told— How Manche Manito, the strong— The spirit that fought with good, Once swept the red men all away, By the waters of a flood. How the adventurous beaver plunged Into the depths below ; And from the ruins of the old, Caused a new world to grow. 3 How the Great Golden Eagle bore The dying maid away; And from them sprung a better race, And made of purer clay. 4 'Twas thus they sang in the land of Souls, And I heard their songs afar — Now chanting the deeds of the Mighty One— Now singing the songs of war. I joined in the great Metawa dance,5 With spirits noble and true ; How many were the prayers they said, And often they thought of you. They worshiped Keche Manito, The mighty and the strong. The warriors worshiped before him there, With dance, and shout, and song. I went with the fishers, as they sailed Out on the summer sea, Where Wahbishkego dwells below—6 The sportive and the free. Old Keche Nodin did not dare Disturb the billow's crest, 7 Or ruffle even the softest down That decks the sea-bird's breast. I went with the hunter, o'er the hills, And where the prairies lay ; Where the moose, and elk, and wild deer rove, Through all the sunny day. His bow was bent, his arm was strong— How swift his arrows fly ! 'Tis the Good Spirit marks their course, And guides them with his eye.8 There lives great Meno Manito— The wise, the good, the high ; His windows open to the south, To hear his children cry. 9 His heart is warm, and longs to take His wandering children in ; 'Tis like the sun, that shines on all, Though worn, and sick with sin. I come, I come from the Land of Souls— The beautiful spirit land ; From forests resounding with singing birds; From prairies open and grand. I come from the friends you love so well— The good, the pure, the true ; And this is the song I sing, and this The message I bear to you. 1 The Indians of the North-west, with whom writer resided from 1834 to 1846. 2 The Kehegoamahgade — story-tellers of the tribe, gathered the children around them during the long winter evenings, and by the light of their wigwam fires relate to them the famous exploits and brave deeds of their ancestors. They use for illustration pictures, or hieroglyphical writing, preserved on rolls of birch bark. Many of them are very ancient. The children learn to sing the songs, and repeat the famous deeds of their ancestors with great delight. 3 The Indians believe that Manche Manito, the Great Evil Spirit, destroyed the world with a flood. The Good Spirit, Meno Manito, in the form of a beaver, plunged down to the bottom of the waters, and brought up stones and earth, from which he made a new world. 4 When the waters had covered the highest mountains, the Great Spirit flew over in the form of an eagle. There was only one person left alive, and that was a maiden just expiring. The Great Spirit bore her away on his wings to the new world he had just made, and from them two, sprung the race of red men. 5 The Metana, or sacred dance of the Indians, is performed in a wigwam open at the top; for they say that the Great Spirit wants to look right down into the hearts of his children, without any covering. It is built by the women, with fir boughs ranged along the sides, and an entrance at each end. It is long and narrow, and large enough to accommodate 50 or 60 worshipers. On the day appointed, the tribes assemble and seat themselves within—the men on one side, and the women on the other side of the place of worship. The singers and musicians stand at either end. They keep time in the dance to the sound of the drum and rattle, while the singers chant the praises of Meno Manito, the Good,and Keche Manito, the Great Spirit. They give him thanks for all his mercies. It is he who gives them success in hunting and fishing, and gathering the harvest of corn and wild rice i nto their wigwams. He gives them strength to worship before him. He gives them power to dance. And this they do with great earnestness—dancing, and leaping and whirling with their hands extended—the palms downward, and their feet close together, keeping time to the sound of the drum and rattle. Toward the close, the aged priestess of the tribe comes, and, laying her hands on the heads of the worshipers, as they kneel, blesses them for their zeal in the dance. Although it has continued for many hours, they often show no signs of fatigue; the Great Spirit, they say, breathes upon 114 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. them from his window in the south, and strengthens them. They close with a feast of thanksgiving—the food being brought in kettles, and presented to each one In order, in bowls of wood or bark, as they sit ranged along the walls of the wigwam. 6 Wdhbishkego—the beautiful white fish—the favorite food of the Indians of the great lakes. Its flesh is white and delicate, and it lives only in the clearest waters. 7 Keche Nodin—the Spirit of the Wind. He is a very strong spirit; but subject to Keche Manito, the greatest and strongest of the spirits. 8 The Indian believes that the Great Spirit points out to him in a dream, the tree from which he is to select his bows and arrows for hunting. This is just as he is arriving at manhood. He is sitting in the wigwam with his father alone. His father orders him to throw all his childish toys and playthings into the fire of the wigwam, and follow him into the forest. He builds for him there a wigwam, paints his face black, places him on a mat in the center of the wigwam, with his face downward, puts a cup of water by his side and then leaves him. He is to fast before the Great Spirit for many days. The cup of water is to be his only refreshment. After many days of fasting the Great Spirit shows him in a dream the tree from which he is to select his bow and arrows for hunting, also the animal he is to be most successful in taking, and which is to be his totame, or family name through life. Thus, and thus only, can he become a mighty hunter. The Great Spirit will go with him, nerve his arm to bend.the bow, and,direct the arrows where to fly. He does all in the strength, and by the direction of the Great Spirit. 9 The Great and Good Spirit dwells in a great house away in the southern heavens, and his windows are open, night and day, that his ear may hear the cries of his children. Canaan, N. Y.