RISEN WITH CHRIST WM. H. BUSSELL There is an apparent contradiction in some of the teachings of the Apostle Paul, which to the casual reader seem like utter confusion. To the same Christian church he writes, 'You hath He made alive together with Christ,' and again, 'Ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in Grod.' To those who are 'in Christ,' however, there is, in fact, no confusion, whatever may be said of the language used to express actual conditions. The novice in masonry should understand the language and ceremonies of the degree into which he has beea initiated ; the master mason should be familiar with all its degrees. 'Art thou a master of Grael and knowest not these things ? ' conveyed reproof, because the 'master' should have understood himself what he professed to teach. 'We speak wisdom to those who are perfect,' that is, who have been thoroughly instructed. The various states in the individual life are paralleled in external or physical nature and in all human history. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 109 Says the poet, Wordsworth, ' The child is the father of the man.' Says Paul, 'When I became a man I put away childish things.' There is here no contradiction in fact. From the child comes the man and the perfect angel. Forms and conditions change, the individual remains. Once was chaos, then came order ; first the savage, then the civilized state ; the animal, then the intellectual ; the sensuous, then the spiritual. Perfection appertains to the Creator, necessarily; imperfection to the created. When it becomes possible for the creature to love as God loves, then the creature becomes perfect. This Jesus enjoins upon His disciples 'Be ye perfect as your Father in heaven is perfect.' But this is a state not to be gained at once, by progressive steps alone it is attained. 'I press toward the mark.' 'That I may attain to the resurrection from the dead.' Thus did Paul, pursuing the course that Jesus pursued before him. Thus he arose 'with Christ.' Jesus arose, not from the tomb hewn out of the rocks, merely, but from all those human conditions in which he was 'made like unto His brethren,' from which all must rise ere they can be partakers of the divine life. He arose from the death of prejudice. The wall intervening between himself as a Jew and the Gentiles he broke down utterly. 'Love your enemies' was enjoined upon all His disciples. The great prophet of olden times called down fire from heaven to consume his enemies. This later and greater prophet declared that His mission was to save men's lives and not to destroy them. Thus Jesus died to all prejudices, whether individual or national, and thus He arose and entered into the glory of His Father, the glory of universal and everlasting love. So must all His disciples die with Him, and so must they rise. They must die to all vices and rise to all virtues. They must ultimately die to every form of disease, whether bodily or mental, and live in the enjoyment of perfect health. They must die to every kind of ignorance that hinders the perfect action of the reasoning powers, whether pertaining to human or divine matters, and be able finally to see all truth as God sees it. Thus alone will they live the life of God. This is the resurrection and the life of Christ. If any one has a religion, a philosophy or a science superior to this, the Christian can afford to let him enjoy it.