THE BURNING OF MICHAEL SERVETUS ' When he came in sight of the fatal pile, the wretched Servetus prostrated himself on the ground, and for a while was absorbed in prayer. Rising and advancing a few steps, he found himself in the hands of the executioner, by whom he was made to Bit on a block, his feet just reaching the ground. His body was then bound to the stake behind him by several turns of an iron chain, while his neck was secured in like manner by coils of a hempen rope. His two books—the one in manuscript sent to Calvin in confidence six or eight years before his strictures, and a copy of the one lately printed at Vienna were fastened to his waist, and his head was encircled in mockery with a chaplet of straw and green twigs bestrewed with brimstone. The deadly torch was then applied to the fagots flashed in his face, and the brimstone catching, and the flames rising, wrung from the victim such a cry of anguish as struck terror into the surrounding crowd. After this he was bravely silent, but the wood being purposely green, a long half hour elapsed before he ceased to show signs of life and suffering. Immediately before giving up the ghost, with a last expiring effort he cried aloud, ' Jesus, Thou Son of the Eternal God, have compassion upon me !' All was then hushed save the crackling of the green wood ; and by and by there remained no more of what had been Michael Servetus but a charred and blackened trunk and a handful of ashes.' Thus perished a noble man of whom liis age was not worthy—the victim of murderous, religious bigotry. But the crime that had been committed shocked the humanity of Geneva, even in the dark period, and before the year was out Calvin was driven to self-defense, and displayed the remorseless traits of his character by libeling the man whom he had slain. It is said that in this persecution unto*death he only manifested the spirit of the age, and must be judged by that standard. While this may be true, it is also happily true that in the lapse of centuries better standards have arisen, by which the character of Calvin will be given to execration, while that of Servetus will be increasingly honored as that of an heroic Christian martyr.— Popular Science Monthly,