WEALTH ANNA WHITE How prone is the human heart to trust in uncertain riches. When we see men of influence and wealth, who, by regal authority, extend their possessions over broad acres, and ' go down to the sea in ships,' heavily laden with commerce, to do business on a large scale 'in-deep waters,' men are apt to think, and say, surely money is power, and is it not the key to happi?iess ? Let us trace the Rothchilds, the Stewarts, the Astors and Vanderbilts through their trade and traffic — by which they have accumulated their vast wealth—and watch their restless spirits during the midnight hours. When the honest tiller of the soil is quietly resting in the arms of Morpheus, what care and deep concern drive sleep from their eyes and slumber from their eyelids! Scheming speculators—who are planning to get the greatest amount of labor and profit from their dependents, with the least return—are they happy ? They eat, drink, display their expensive equipage and apparel, and have' their merry pastimes ; but the conscience, their accuser, speaks in accents strong and clear, ' God is thy Judge ! He sees and knows the secret intent of the heart; at His tribunal the account must be settled ! ' Still they accumulate more and more, till the sun of life to them sets, never more to rise. What have they to take with them to the land of souls ? Where is their treasure ? They must go just as they are, leaving their earthly possessions behind them, without a spiritual inheritance there ; being destitute, blind and naked, they are vagrants in that land ; else they must cling to their ill-gotten possessions here, and see them waste away in the hands of others, while they are powerless to act; and that will be their torment — create for them a hell. How unwise to 'trust in uncertain riches, that will surely take to themselves wings and fly away ? ' Goodness of heart is preferable to material wealth or worldly popularity. Virtue is immortal—it never dies ! It forms a robe for the soul that will not wax old; but increases in lustre, and grows whiter with age. A virtuous, unspotted life is the only sure passport to heaven and happiness, here and hereafter. If all should heed the injunction of the Apostle, ' Let no man seek his own, but every man another's wealth,' poverty, suffering and selfishness would flee the land. Righteous laws would be enacted and established by wise and just rulers. No rich landlords to be feared; no poor tenants to be turned penniless into the street; no disputes and wranglings over contested wills ; no THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. 105 crafty speculators ; no magnificent temples of worship that would debar the least of God's children from entering, and no hired priest to speak smooth things to the people. 0, for a return of the pentecostal spirit, which would create equality and true wealth ! a stupendous monument of wealth ! Not of polished stone, nor costly marble of artistic beauty and wealth — these soon crumble into dust — but that wealth which comes of right doing, of truth, of purity, of honesty and integrity, and all those noble excellent and beautiful attributes that constitute the life of a Christian. Slowly, but surely, through faith and selfdenial, so journeying home-bound pilgrims wend their way up the rugged hills of progression, each day earning a little more than they spend, which is borne by kindly, angel hands, and placed to their account in the spiritual treasury, where it is secure from moth, rust and thieves. What rejoicing of spirit with spirit, when the journey is ended — the conflict ceased, and welcome voices are heard : ' Enter into rest—thou hast well done ! ' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.