Colds, so-called It is rare indeed that a person catches cold if decent regard be paid to dress. So marvelously is Nature prepared to guard against even violent changes of temperature when the individual is ' in condition.' A celebrated physician relates a fact in his experience of a certain family — nearly every member invariably had a cold in the head after dining on roast goose, a dish of which they were especially fond. Dining there one day he observed how they caught their colds. He was the only one at the table that was not helped twice, and, strangely enough, the only one that escaped a cold. Many scrupulously careful people, about dress, are continuallv suffering with the complaint in question, when, if they were as considerate as to what they put in the body as to what they put on they would be exempt from this, as well as many other troubles. When the stomach is disordered, bowels closed, the system completely clogged, and headache, running at the nose, fever, lameness, weakness and lassitude, give warning of a fearful reckoning near at hand, the poor, self-abused victim wonders how he caught such a cold, or 116 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. very likely fancies he can remember just when he caught it—like the old lady, when fairly at a loss for an exciting cause, attributed her last cold to taking gruel out of a damp basin. I cured one of the worst cases, where all of the above alarming symptoms were well marked. The cure was complete in twenty-four hours, and without one drop of medicine. A sponge bath was ordered at bed-time, another in the morning ; no breakfast was allowed, in spite of the gnawing at the stomach, which was appeased by small draughts of cold water, one-fourth the usual dinner, and a single slice of bread and butter with a cup of weak tea for supper, pure air throughout the day, sponge bath at bed-time. Simple enough, certainly. The result was a good night's rest, and an awakening in perfect condition. It is safe to assert that 90 in the 100 of these colds might be as speedily cured, instead of having their usual run, while this treatment would prove the most effectual in every case, and if due care be taken they may be still more easily prevented.— From Page's Good Health.