THE WAYS OF THE WANDERER: A Personal Experience Watson Andrews I went from the liome of my fathers When youth and its Eden were mine , When parent restraint was a fetter, And nature and pleasure divine ; When light was a joy to the vision, And sound found an echo within; When taste was unsated with pleasure, And feeling unpoisoned by sin ; When odors were loaded with nectar, And health coursed in every vein ; When, the woi'ld before me, a wand'rer, I roamed over ocean and plain. I saw the wide West in its beauty, Ere civilization had trod The innocent bosom of nature, Effacing the image of God, On the verge of the evening horizon, Where prairies were mantled in green, I have gazed in the glow of the sunset— Entranced with the heavenly scene. On the shores of the Father of Waters— On a crag overarching his wave— I have pondered the past with the millions Who have found on his margin a grave. And under a falling Niagara, On the brink of the feathery foam, I have heard, in the roaring of waters, And seen, sublimity at home. I have seen, far away in the forest, The gleam of the ' council fires ' blaze, And heard the monotonous tum-tum Of the drum of the Blackhawk brave. I have marked the dread path of the panther THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 101 And traversed the trail of the deer ; I have gazed on the swoop of the eagle, And met the wild wolf in his lair. In his birchen canoe, with the savage, I have flown o'er the crest of the wave ; Where the missiles of death made their music, I have stood in the ranks of the brave. I have heard from the deck the rude thunder Reverberate over the main ; And blanched at the blaze of the lightning, As it swept over cordage and chain. I have been where the sweep of the tempest Had riven the cordage and mast, When, a wreck on the billowy waters, We were driven before the rude blast: And when night, with her shadowy pinions Had shrouded the billows in gloom, And despair, with her skeleton ringer, Had shown us a watery tomb ; On the crest of a wave, like an arrow, We swept o'er the foam of the reef, And high on the sands were stranded, And found the rude wreckers' relief. I've shared in the homes of the wealthy The solace of pleasure and ease; Have sought, in the marts of the city, And tasted whatever could please. In books, in the lore of the ages, I have passed many years in review ; Have traced in the life of the nations Esteem for the pure and the true. But, alas ! for the poison of passion ; Alas ! for the virus of wrong ; It lurks in the shade of the forest, It stalks in the camps of the strong ; It hides in the halls of the mighty, It festers in dungeons of crime ; It poisons the life of the million, Its reign is coeval with time. We forge, in the fires of passion— In our habits of pleasure — a chain Which must, link by link as we forge it, Be worn out in a furnace of pain. We may soar with the flight of the eagle, Or sweep with the wind o'er the wave ; Seek repose in the shades of the forest, Or renown in the ranks of the brave ; May delve in the lore of the scholars, Or mingle with men in the mart: But happiness — earnest of heaven — Dwells alone with the pure in heart. North Union, 0.