THOUGHTS FOR TO-DAY Different Lives In a letter of a correspondent of the Christian, , London, Eng., writing from Cannes, said: 'A skeptical young German said, ' Plead for your Christianity as eloquently as you like, but till I see your professing Christians live different lives frona other men, I cannot believe in Christianity.'' It is indeed the test by which every religion must rise, or fall. Blessed am de dead 'I hab hearn,' said a colored preacher, while enforcing the duty of liberality on his congregation, ' ob many a church what hab died bekase it gib away too little for de Lord, but I neber hearn ob any what died bekase it gib away too much. Ef any ob you know ob any church ob dis kind, what died from liberality, jes tell me where it is, and I will make a pilgrimage to it, and by de soft light ob de pale moon I will crawl upon its mosscovered roof, and write upon its topmost shingle : ' Blessed am de dead what die in the Lord.'' A man who is tricky... Dr. Alexander Clark Dr. Alexander Clark is not mistaken in saying: 'A man who is tricky soon becomes a treacherous man, and then no man at all—only the ghost of a dead conscience.' A movement in New York is contemplated to... A movement in New York is contemplated to make all Episcopal churches freeseated, alike for the poor and rich. Rest 'Doctor, you must really prescribe something for me.' ' My dear lady, you need no medicine—only a little rest, and then you'll be as well as ever.' •' But, doctor, surely I ought to be given some medicine of some sort or other. You've only felt my pulse ; examine my tongue.' (He does so.) 'Precisely, madam, your tongue needs rest too.' Like Swans? A Scotch minister thus discoursed on the carelessness of his flock : ' Brethren, when you leave the church just look down on the duke's swans. They are very bonny swans, an' they'll be sooming about an' aye dooking doon their heads and laving theirsels wi' the clear water till the're a drookit. Then you'll see them sooming to the shore, an' they'll gie their wings a bit flap an' they're dry again. Now, my friends, you come here every Sabbath, an' I lay you a' ower wi' the gospel till ye're fairly drookit wi' it. But you just gang awa' hame, an' sit doon by your fireside, gie your wings a bit o' flap, an' ye're aa dry as ever again.'