THE PROPHET AND JESUS Antoinette Doolittle It is difficult for the natural mind to grasp and comprehend spiritual things except by comparison, illustration or inspiration. Hence, the ancient prophets used metaphors and symbolic utterances. Because of the unspiritual condition of the unbelieving, unbaptized people of their time, Jesus and his disciples spake many parables to those who had not been quickened by the spirit — as the apostles of Jesus had been — to discern truth from error, and to divide the natural and exterior from the spiritual interior, which is the soul of all things. And Jesus was under the necessity of rebuking his disciples even, for a deficit of faith, want of understanding, and dullness of hearing. Jesus said, ' The words that / speak are spirit and life.' They were replete with divine essence, redolent with truth that could reach the soul senses, and vivify the germs of immortal life that are in every human heart, and cause them to grow and expand and be ingrafted into the living vine, and receive of its sap, and become fruitbearing branches. The Prophet Isaiah, when under the beautiful spirit of divine inspiration, foretold the advent of the Messiah — ' the Rod that would come forth from the stem of Jesse, and the Branch that would grow out of his roots;' and that the spirit of the Lord, of wisdom and counsel would attend the Messianic reign : for in that day a willing people would arise and joyfully accept the Rod as the ruling spirit in the male 98 THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. order in Christ's kingdom; and, ' when in the fullness of time He set his hand again to gather and restore the remnant left,' the Branch bearing the olive leaf, as the symbolic delineator of the female, or love element, would have a lot and place. Then the dual likeness of Father and Mother in Deity would be truly represented. From the Rod, and the Branch, in simile, we have the ' olive trees/' representing the 'two anointed ones'— male and female—the ' golden pipes,' through which ' oil'—living inspiration—flows from the Church in the invisible world, into the 'golden bowl'—the visible Church of God upon earth—the repository of divine truth. That this ' golden bowl' may never be broken, become fragmentary, and be severed, from those 'pipes,' so beautifully illustrated by the Prophet, should be our great concern. We may see, by the light reflected upon the pages of past history, how great is the danger of apostacy ! how subtle and wily have been the influences which have crept over and found their way into the temples of the past, that were reared in the name of God, and professedly dedicated to His service, to be purely preserved as receptacles of divine and spiritual truth ; and where oblations could be acceptably offered, and vows performed. When Antichrist gained the ascendency, the power of the holy people was scattered ; and instead of those temples being filled with living souls, who through tribulation and self-sacrifice had washed and whitened their robes, and were by those means fitted and prepared to praise God, day and night, bearing palms of victory, and triumphing over the powers of death, they were filled with idol worshippers; justly compared to unclean birds, whose false plumage, and fascinating musical strains — as siren songs are wont to do — allured multitudes to seek pleasure in unrighteousness, to forget God and profane his sanctuaries, which were designed to be sacredly kept for praise and prayer. Let us reap instruction from the past, and avoid the pitfalls of those who have set out in the highway of progression, and failed; then we shall not swell the ranks of those who are ' ever learning, but never able to attain the knowledge that will enable them to understand the truth and reduce it to practice.'