SHAKER SPIRITUALISM F. W. EVANS SHAKERISM. What is it ? It is the God government of to-day. There has always been a God government and a God people, in each day of human history. Cotemporary with such government and closely associated ? therewith, there has always been a Christ Order—a Prophetic Order. While the God people conserved the good of the preceding revelation, the Christ people led on toward the promised land bf ultimate abstract goodness and truth. These are the conservative and progressive ^forces of humanity, ever present, always operative and evoluting, as seasons in the physical elements, succeeding each other to make up the year —spring, summer, autumn, winter—each coming to a final end, as it were. So is it •with cycles in the spiritual elements of human progression. What could be more like the end of all things than our present winter ? The thermometer at zero, the store of food, wheat and potatoes, being rapidly consumed. We have on hand so much store, and no more. It lessens every day. What shall we do ? Nothing can be raised, not a cabbage, an onion nor a kernel of corn. We are saved by our faith, knowledge, hope and assurance, derived from former experience in the earth elements. SPIRITUALISM. Is it not by Spiritualism that we come in rapport with the denizens of the inner spheres, who have, by their extreme age and long experience in the Spirit world, attained the same knowledge of cycles that we possess of the seasons ? By faith, we may possess ourselves of their knowledge, derived from their existence in the Spirit world, and confirmed to us by our knowledge of the histories of the earth, that give us the experience of past generations added to our own. This is the basis of our hope and confidence in the future, and hence we have a well-grounded expectation that another earthly year, with its successive seasons, will open to us in the spring. There are a Heavenly Father and Mother, interior to all existencies, elementary and personal, a fountain and source of spiritual knowledge and affection to rational beings. ' He, that made the understanding, shall he not know? the ear, shall he not hear? the eye, shall he not see ? ' She, that is Love, shall she not love all souls of which she is the primal mother ? The origin and history of the Jews may stand as a fair specimen of how the God people, in each race of men, originated, and also of the Christ, or Pophetic Order. Out of the millions of earth, the God Jehovah was appointed, by the God above, to choose Abram as a seed of a new people—a God people. That people possessed the germs of all the lusts of the flesh and of the mind of the Gentile world ; and they had all the virtues, gifts and graces of the Christ sphere, to learn and acquire. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 107 In a dream, God spake to Abram — ' Get thee out from thy kindred and country and thy father's house, into a land that I will show thee.' Thus giving him a new location, to make it easy to break off old associations. ' I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless him that blesseth thee, and curse him that curseth thee, and in thee shall all the families of the earth be blessed.' How? The Redemption Order is a medium of spiritual influence to all mankind. Through it, the Spiritual resurrection Sun snines upon them. Where is the philosopher who can estimate the value of one day of sunshine upon our earth, or the loss that the deprivation of its rays, for twenty-four hours, would be to the race? So, when there is no vision — no heavenly sunshine — the people perish. Thus waa a communication between jthe two spheres established, Now the dream is good and the vision very pleasant, like the spiritual manifestations of our own day and time, but what was the practical result ? Abram did depart as the Lord had spoken. He went down into Egypt and lied about Sarah, unto Pharaoh, who reproved him.— Gen. 12. He went to war, and after his slaughter of the kings — Gen. 14, 15 — was met by the Christ Prophet, Melchesidek, who became this instructor. And now we have the two orders, the God man, and the Christ Prophet, who received from Abram, tithes of all he possessed. Abram was blessed by the Prophet. The less is of the better blessed. Abram's generative line culminated in Jesus, the son of man, and Melchesidek's line of Christ Prophets culminated in John the Baptist, who also made Jesus a priest after the order of Melchesidek. Abram's spiritual education began with a dream, the lowest form of spiritual communication. It ended with materialization, the last and highest form of communication to Israel.— Gen. 18. As he sat in his tent door, three men stood beside him. He ran to meet them, bowed according to eastern custom, and invited them to partake ofjhis hospitality. He washed their feet, baked some cakes upon the hearth—'wheaten Johnny cakes — caught and killed, and dressed and cooked a calf. His war spirit and flesh eating went together, from which the Prophets only would redeem him. At the Lord's Supper, there was no calf, no selfish table, no war, no generation. Jesus had become a Prince of Peace and a celibate communist. It had taken two thousand years to accomplish that process, and then only by a dispensation, as new to the Jews, and affected by as new a spiritual manifestation and revelation as was that of Abram to the people of his day. And just where we are to-day, is at the opening of the Second Cycle in a new Dispensation. But, .to continue our narrative, when Abram and Sarah had dressed the calf, baked the cakes and set butter and milk before them, Abram stood by them under a tree, and they did eat, just Jike non-materialized, born men eat, and it helped their materialization. Then they promised to Abram and Sarah a child — a son — under the same law of materialization. And the Lord said, 'Abram shall become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him.' How shall they be blessed, if not in changing from what they are, to what they should be — from the natural to the spiritual ? What are these changes 1 Two more materialized men appeared unto Lot in the gate of Sodom, and the men and boys of Sodom saw them and called upon Lot to bring them out. Then the angels rained upon Sodom and Gomorrah brimstone and fire. The Jews were to be saved, by their God, from evils that other nations were not saved from. Their righteousness, of the stomach, of the reproductive powers, of the affections and of property, was to exceed that of all other people upon the earth. Dietetic lusts were first noticed. Five kinds of animal food — kine, sheep, goats, pigeons and doves — was the limit to begin with, and no animal food at all was to be the end of the spiritual training and travail, then commenced with Abram. Generative lusts were taken in hand and circumcision instituted. The true signification of the rite has not been understood by Gentile Christians. The God man Jew was to be cut off from the lusts of generation and to use marriage 108 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. for procreation only — while the Christ man Jew or Prophet, was to be cut off entirely from generation itself—as were Melchesidek and John Baptist — thus making two orders of people, in the Mosaic, as well as in all other Dispensations, like Jacob and Esau. Wars and fightings have no place in the Christ order. They originate in the slaughter of animals and in the eating of their bodies. In the Jewish order property lusts were curtailed by the land being owned by their God and not by the people. Slavery could not exist beyond seven years, and debtors had faith in the Sabbath-day — the seventh year. Thus, while in the natural order, there would have been neither sickness nor poverty, in the ^spiritual community of goods, is ended all the trouble growing out of capital and labor. But what has all this to do with Shakerism? Its beginning, history and apparent decline 1 It has much to^do with it, for it is the New Dispensation, wherein, under the law of evolution, inherent in humanity, the two orders — natural and spiritual— are rising higher and higher, like two parallel spiral shafts, each cycle accomplished in an upward as well as a circular movement. The Shaker order, formed by converts from orthodox Christians, and the United States Government, formed by converts from the orthodox infidels or skeptics, are the- New Heaven and New Earth in the first cycle of their evolution. Each of them has six more cycles to pass through before they shall reach the state where there shall be no more curse in either order, and all shall be peace — an endless peace. In the New Earth, the laws of food, generation and property will be obeyed by women and men as one. Co-operation will prove the love of neighbor to be godlike, whereas, in the New Heavens, community will prove that its adherents love one another, and that each one seeks another's wealth, not their own. The error, in both orders, has been the same. The common people generally supposed that what was only the beginning of the New Earth— The American Republic— and the New Heavens — the first cycle of the Shaker order — were, in both cases, the ultimate. The sovereign American people were all men, and they not only held land as property, but monopolized it like Joseph in Egypt, and owning the land, they owned the people, including the women. The believers believed the first cycle, with its testimony against generation and private property, was the whole gospel and the whole testimony of Christ's second appearing— just as the child believes that its toys and joys and trials are a perpetual inheritance. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.