BIBLE REVISION LOUIS BASTING A commission, composed of learned European and American divines, has been engaged for some time past in the work of revising the Bible, and it is intimated that their labors will be completed during the course of the present year. The results of this critical inquiry is looked forward to with the greatest of interest and hope, as well as with fear and anxiety, and some high dignitaries of Orthodoxy have gone so far as to already protest against the publication and general distribution of the new version. Now it can only be commendable to revise the text of works of standard authority, to eliminate their errors, and to lessen their ambiguity ; but however correctly the principle may be applied in regard to productions of the human mind, can it be possible that it should ever be exercised to rectify the Word of God? That must necessarily remain unalterable forever, or else we must change our conception of the Almighty. But how are we to account for this paradoxical proceeding of re-editing the sacred Word of God ? Orthodox creed-makers find themselves in a dilemma, which permits of no alternative but to decide upon these two propositions ; either the Bible is the Word of God or it is not. The Catholic and Protestant churches, ever since their establishment, have declared in the most positive and unequivocal manner, that the Scriptures are the solemnly revealed will of the Deity, and that upon their acceptance or rejection depended the eternal welfare, or the endless misery of man. But can that really be the direct Word of God, the disbelief of which is said to be fraught with such fearful consequences when professed believers differ so widely in the interpretation of it ? Is it rational to suppose that God would speak in ambiguous and doubtful phrases when every thing depended upon their being correctly understood ? And even admitting for the moment the original inspiration, that would soon lose its value, except it continued to inspire succeeding translators and copyists ; and more than inspiration would be necessary to protect the Scriptures from willful interpolations and designing fabrications, which are well known to have taken place in many instances. Incorrect translation has led to some ludicrous results. The statue of Moses, to quote a case in point, which is one of the sublimest creations of Michael Angelo's genius, is adorned with two horns, which fact has greatly puzzled art critics and other inquirers, till it has lately been discovered that the Vulgate, which was the version he consulted, has it that when Moses came down from the mount, after his inter- 128 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. view with the Lord, he wore two horns ; King James' Bible has the more probable account that ' his face shone.' But it is a far more serious matter when even orthodox commentators admit such a passage as I John V 7, to be spurious. Being aware of the many gross imperfections adhering to the Scriptures, the • rational mind cannot but regard the claim to accept them as God's infallible word as absurd and derogatory of Divine Wisdom and Majesty. Yet the necessity for their complete rejection does by no means appear, for they do contain, along with much chaff, the choicest jewels of truth, the highest incentives to virtue and morality. But the Truth of God is not confined to the Hebrew Scriptures ; the Golden Rule was preached in China 500 years before the advent of Jesus of Nazareth, and long prior even to that period a system of the most exalted purity was taught and practiced in ancient India. Christ is the Light 'which lighteth every man who cometh into the world ; ' it needs no Romish priest nor Protestant divine to hold the candle. That system, that subordinated scriptural ethics to human dogmas, is slowly falling. It is falling by its own hand ; for having asserted infallibility, modern science and spirtualism have demonstrated its fallibility. Silently a peaceful revolution goes on ; slowly the foundation walls of superstition are disintegrating. Who will regret it 1 But let us have the new Bible ! Mt. Lebanon, N. Y..