ARE THE SHAKERS DYING OUT? GILES B. AVERY There has lately been an article going the rounds of the press, entitled 'Shakers dying out,' written, perhaps, pursuant to the wish that an institution so antagonistic to the elements of a worldly life, as the practical application of the principles of true Christianity to the routine of daily life must be, might die out. ' Do Shakers die ? ' Certainly ; they, as common participants in the effects of universal laws, operating alike upon savage and civilian, sinner and saint, do ' shuffle off the mortal coil ' when the spirit has no further use for it. Shakers may never be classed with those few hypersophists and religious fanatics, [who never contemplate the experience of physical death! Nor may they be classed with those who are to be equally disappointed by the re-manifestation upon earth of the man Jesus Christ, to inaugurate a resurrection of the physical bodies of those who believe in his mission on earth as the Saviour of Man. But, doubtless, the subject assumes a more communistic type, and the question is, ' Are Shaker Communities dying out ? ' A fear among conservatives, perhaps, of the success of Communism has agitated this hue and cry, ' Shakers dying out.' Shaker organizations, as communes, are simply the result of its principles; they do not constitute Shakerism, but consist of families, numbering variously, from ten to one hundred and fifty. Several of these families in proximity are, in common parlance, denominated a society. But some writers call each family or society a commune. These institutions, to some extent, have now been in successfnl operation about 100 years ; and, occasionally, within the past seventy-five or eighty years, there has been a dissolution of some families and societies that were unfavorably located, and circumstances, for the time, did not favor their prosperous continuance. In some cases, new ones were instituted in their stead, in others, not. Sometimes families broken up have numbered fifty or upwards, and the societies more than one hundred souls, and were possessed of many hundreds, even thousands of acres of land, with fine substantial buildings, mills and machinery. Four well organized societies have been broken up or removed during this period. One of them from Wabash, Indiana, because of unhealthy climate, and the vicissitudes of war. One removed from Sodus Bay, N. Y., on account of infringement upon society's possessions and advantages by the anticipated construction of a ship canal, and accompanying enterprises of gigantic magnitude. One removed from Gorham, Maine, while in the full tide of growing prosperity, on account of lack of wood and timber; this proved to be an injudicious move. One broke up and removed from Tyringham, Mass., on account of its unfavorable location for sustaining a society of much magnitude. All these, but the last named, were broken up more than fifty years ago. In reference to numbers, Shaker societies, like all religious bodies, have had, from time to time, their ebbs and flows ; as have the tides of human conditions in civil, social, political and governmental evolutions throughout the world ; and the question of increase or decrease in members, depends largely upon the conditions of outside society. When a wave of spirit life flows upon humanity, producing conviction for sin, and a desire for purer, higher life, then will there be a harvest into the Christ Order— the Shaker phase of progress. And it were useless to attempt to disguise the fact that, to substantially sustain the organizations of families now instituted, more genuine ability and dignity of manhood and womanhood, 124 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. more talent consecrated to the upbuilding of Christ's Kingdom, are especially necessary. If the crowning subject for consideration is the question, ' Is Shakerism dying out ? ' That is, are the principles which constitute its religious status waning? We reply: There has never been a period since its advent, as an institution, when the spread of its wing of power was so wide, nor the height of its soar so lofty, as at the present time ! Never, in the period of its history, has the light of Shaker testimony shone so eff'ulgently, its rays been so peering,-nor the edge of its spiritual sword so deeply incisive upon all manner of public and private evils existing in human society, as at the present day ! But the special mission of Shakerism, which is simply unadulterated Christianity, is not to minister to the sowing dispensation of humanity, but to the harvest of the world into the ' Kingdom of Heaven.' And, when God's high providential institution for all material existence, mineral, vegetable and animal, is annihilated, then, and then only, will or can, Shakerism die out! This institution of providence consists in a spring time of germination, summer of growth and development, and an autumn of harvest, and appropriation to higher uses. Humanity's harvest from the worldly generative plane, even its most normal and perfect capacity, as well as its abnormal state, must as truly take place in the progress of human evolution, as ever was the earth harvested of its crops of grass, grains, forests and minerals. And the garnering of humanity's soul life into the heavenly state, as subjects of a higher existence than the earthly order can boast of, is Shakerism's labor of love! It is an instructive and interesting fact of human history that, in all the phases of human evolution, whether from barbarism into civilization, or, in its civilizing governmental progress and developments from autocracy and absolute monarchy to limited monarchy on to republicanism; and, in the social relations, from male lordship and polygamy, up to monogamy and female suffrage ; in the religious histDry of human progress, from fetichism of savage life, on through the phases of idolatry, up to ascetic supererogation, priestly domination, national creedism, established and sustained by the sword ; and yet up to freedom of conscience, the liberty of the human will, and the wide swoop of eagle liberty in free religion, ever and anon there hath arisen the cry that the new departure, the new organization 'is dying out! ' But as universally hath this cry ever been the direct result of the climax of development; the death-throes of the perishing phases of progress, being outgrown, preceding an impending manifestation of still higher and better conditions. In the governmental history of our United States, her struggles through difficulties to attain unto higher nights of true political » wisdom, how often has the vandal cry, the failure of a republican government, been moaning over our fair American land, and even booming over the wide Atlantic to be echoed and re-echoed upon European shores to natter the pride of kings! In the modern struggles of the French nation for freedom from monarchy, how often hath the traitor's cry of ' death to the infant republic ' been the tocsin of alarm to greater vigor to sustain the onward march of pro gress. The present epoch of the world's history is decidedly revolutionary, not only politically, but socially and religiously. All religious beliefs are feeling humanity's change of blood ; the pulses are beating to purer heart-throbs, and though institutions of human origin may and will perish in the strife, those God-originated plans for human progress will not only survive the shock of deso lation's wand, but will strengthen their roots by the fanning gales which writhe their branches, bowing them, for the moment, to the blast, only to rise again to renewed life and beauty. If Shakerism is an institution of human policy, it is so very contradictory to human nature, as to introduce a house divided against itself ; therefore, cannot stand, and the sooner it falls to the ground the better. If, on the contrary, it is the prestige of Divine love to humanity, and a human evolution growing into existence as an unavoidable round in the ladder of human progress, THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 125 and prophetically declared by thei intuitive desire of humanity, manifest in all ages, among all nations, even with the wildest and most ignorant, causing a class of each nation to live as ascetics, a virgin life, and unto whom the balance of the nation look, as Oracles and Counsellors, which is a historical fact, then, as one of God's Providential Institutions for human weal, and redemption from sin, we behold its foundations sure, its building rising as a temple for the indwelling of the Divine Aura, and the waters of its life fountains of saving power are flowing forth to prepare an ocean for souls who choose to swim—the waters of Ezekiel's Vision! And, once launched upon its waves, there will no longer be power to wade upon the earthly soil of generation, and the consequent reproduction of human ills. Shakerism is not ' dying otit,'' nor preparing to die ; and, were every vestige of its present trophies of earthly gains, or the entire numbers who profess its faith, to be swept from the earth at once, the mental and spiritual light and truth in vigorous operation, would, phcenix-like, suddenly raise it again into immortal glory, prosperity and renown. Shakerism never can '' die out! ' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y..