LABOR CHARLOTTE BYRDSALL ' Labor is rest from the sorrows that greet us, Rest from world syrens that prompt unto ill.' Cultivated powers are wealth to the mind and soul. ' Be true to thyself.' Let nothing stand in the way of the growth of thy spirit. The principle of labor underlies health and happiness in the present life, and lays the foundation of joys beyond the tomb. We possess the life germs of many noble qualities, which without action on our part would remain useless. Hence, active labor is requisite to develop those seed germs , from honest labor we gain capital. It embodies wealth, in material, scientific and spiritual things. Active labor should be stamped upon every thing. There is something higher and nobler to live and toil for than selfish ends and purposes. Consecrated labor is the highest mark that can be placed upon our Zion home. God's laws, when rightly carried into effect, would equalize labor according to strength and ability to perform. Human governments would mould that law into im perfect statutes according to false and un-. just ideas of caste and capital ; and as a result—not a success—we have a demoralized population. The laborer knows he has been forced into want and idleness by corporate wealth and financial power, and that the aim of the money-holders is to subject all products of labor to their control—so much for so much—a lessening process, until wages fail, and labor seems fruitless; then he rebels, and finally prefers to tramp and beg rather than be forced to work for a small pittance from unjust employers. We need a new era of industrial life. In the centuries past the world has been governed by ideas and theories more than by practical works. Aristocracy has claimed the right to rule the laboring classes—to apportion wages—so that those in the lower walks of life should subserve the interests of those in princely ranks, or in affluence, at the expense of their own interests. Thus, individuals have exalted themselves, and degraded labor and the laboring classes. The needed New Era, is to ' level the hills and exalt the valleys.' In other words, to equalize capital and labor. Let there be a system of right living brought forth, and the Scripture injunction be enforced, ' He that will not work neither shall he eat.'' Then there will be more right thinking, and right action. Seed sown in the unseen soi of the heart will germinate, blossom and THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. 127 bring forth fruit according to its kind in individuals. States or Nations. How noble is the thought of elevated labor ! The throbbing heart of the toiling millions of earth's children, with trusting hope, and uplifted eyes, are looking for the dawn of a brighter day. They feel the injustice of their position, and abhor the system which gives power to the few to accumulate immense wealth at the expense of the many. Nations are restive under the oppressive labor system. While the moneyed power, with a firm grasp, holds the balance in their hands, justice will cry in vain. In many respects the laboring classes enjoy life and taste its sweets, where those of the higher classes do not. Their rest, when the curtains of night close around them, is balmy and sweet. They have earned it and they enjoy it. Labor and its proper uses should be the theme of life. The universe teems with life and labor. Humanity should be a universal brother and sisterhood, and afford a comfortable home for each and all. As the old Egyptian builders toiled patiently and perseveringly for centuries, over their vast pyramids, so must humanity in the present age toil on, till they see the fruition of their hopes and desires ; when right shall prevail and there shall no longer exist the master nor the slave; when all shall be brethren, and love shall be the cementing bond between Nations and individuals; when justice and equality shall take the place of oppression and false rule, and true principle shall triumph in righteousness.