EDITORIAL NOTES SHAKERISM VS. ATONEMENT Shakerism, to its credit, takes a very bold, yet consistent position, in that it places no reliance on the blood of Jesus, nor any other, for the benefit of its adherents. That which is commonly kuown as the doctrine of Atonement, is nowhere found in the vocabulary of Shaker theology; thus is Shakerism very distinct from almost every other sect professing the Christian name. Shakerism demands confession of sins committed and an accompanying repentance which is best illustrated by a renunciation of the sinful ivays confessed, acknowledged to be wrong, or conduct wanting in Christian progression. To the Shakers, the well-known theory of the Atonement is not only unscriptural according to Jesus, whose coming was ' to give to every one according as their lives shall be,' but the teaching is contrary to that common-sense religion of logic represented by cause and effect. Very many otherwise noble and religious people, anxiously hope to be relieved here, and 'particularly hereafter, from reaping the consequences of unwise sowing. To whose ears this promise has reached, it has reached them only to be broken to their hope. 'The faith that was in Jesus,' makes every one of similar faith responsible for his or her deeds, and to go and sin no more, is an imperative demand of Christian discipleship, remember this. There is no royal road, even among the Shakers, whereby we may escape the just reward of our doings. There is no position so exalted in the Church of Christ, as tends to excuse any one 138 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. from reaping just what he or she sows —all hopes to the contrary are useless; all wishes or prayers in anticipation of escape worse than useless. G-od is no respecter of persons, yet he is a regarder of characters, and takes cognizance of good and bad thoughts and intentions. So soundly, solidly and immovably, is genuine Christianity resting upon godly reason and common-sense religion, that it lays judgment to the line of our conduct, and righteousness to the plummet of its believers' lives—that it ' sweeps away all refuge of lies ' wrought by the false theology of the so-called Atonement. The doctrine of cause mid effect—of reaping the results of sowing—of being rewarded according as our works shall declare our due, is the ' Thus saith the Lord : Behold, I lay ye ZlON FOR A FOUNDATION, A STONE, A TRIED STONE, A SURE FOUNDATION, and he that believeth ' needs not be alarmed ! Let every rational religionist look the truth squarely in the face, sow as they would reap, live as they would be willing to die, in anticipation of life's rewards, and accepting Jesus as our exampler, our Saviour, inasmuch as we follow his life, and being saved as he was, look upon the evasions taught by the doctrine of the atonement as a snare, as 'a covenant with death, and an agreement with hell,' unequaled for mischief by any thing in the annals of religious belief. The life of each individual shall have its accompanying reward. ^r A lecturer, who has recently visited the Societies, remarked ' that there was a vital force in the Shaker Society that was full of promise for the future.' LOVE OF GOD NOTES. There is too commonly made a remark by some who would seem to be religious, that they ' love God.' It is Avell for us to remind every one, that the seal of Christian discipleship depends on the love which one disciple bears another—'by this shall it be known, etc.' There is in scripture the following passage, which, from many appearances, will be new to a great many conceited individuals: 'If any say, I love God, and hates his brother, he is a liar!' And this commandment have we from him: 'He who loveth God, loves his brother also.' Who hath ears to hear this, govern your actions- accordingly, and so love God. THE MAJORITY Our friend and companion, Philip Smith, of Shakers, N. Y., sometimes preaches short, but pithy sermons, amid his financial duties as a trustee. Recently, he happened where certain fashionable gew-gaws of a wedding or else were being prepared, and was accosted by the man-milliner or other, with, ' You Shakers don't believe in such things, but I am glad the majority have decided against you ! ' 'That's so,' said Philip, ' I believe the Good Book does mention the way decided upon by the majority, and also what became of them eventually ! '' PLAIN TALKS We again present to the public still another edition of these practical hints upon religious Communism. It has been pronounced by the leading THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 139 Bishops in Society, uneqnaled in perspicuity, for i giving in a plain, unvarnished manner, the aim, object and principles of the Shakers. We would call upon Shaker Societies to use it as a Tract, during the coming season of open churches and large congregations. It will preach wherever presented, and in places where you could not preach. There are many who hunger for the knowledge it contains; send it to such, as it is furnished at cost. Single copies, six cents. Per hundred, $5.00. Address The Shaker Manifesto, Shakers, N. Y. We present in this number of the Manifesto some valuable... We present in this number of the Manifesto some valuable material for thought. The contributed articles are from noble pens, guided by those living noble lives. The ' Correspondence ' department will give an insight into what some have been pleased to term ' monastic lives' among the Shakers. It also reveals some peculiarly religious features now stirring up pretty extensively in the world. Don't fail to read 0. Prentiss' letter; nor the one from our valued Cincinnati friend. The music will do good to the heart of every one thirsting to do and live better—all can learn and sing it. The ' Kind toords to us' though small, mean a great deal and are so appreciated. Wishing love and good will to all, we send the Manifesto to the four winds to light often times, we hope, on some hearts whom it can cheer to live better and for Grod, instead of for the pleasures of the flesh in selfishness. DO US THE FAVOR Friends, to circulate the copy of the Manifesto falling into your handsSend for specimen copies to be sent to friends. Five cents might do five dollars' worth of good, by thus sending to some needy one—needing the influences of spirituality imparted by the Manifesto—a copy of our little paper. We work only for the good of the people ; that they may be better. We wish we could give all for the people's good, without any return payment, but we cannot. We give our time, strength, and the best ability we have, without asking payment, other than that of a good conscience doing our duty. Therefore, good friends, help us to sustain the physical fabric of the Manifesto, even by the pittances of single subscriptions; and 'you shall in no wise lose your reward.' KIND WORDS TO US The Manifesto is a power in the world... Wash. Cor. 'The Manifesto is a power in the world, more than you realize it to be.' We will send copies of this number of the Manifesto to... We will send copies of this number of the Manifesto to any parties who send us one two-cent stamp for each copy desired. Ed. B. M.