Correspondence A SPECIMEN LETTER 'T. C. W. The interest in Shakerism is continually increasing and spreading. The following letter is a specimen of what we are continually receiving. We append the answer : Sir—Having become deeply interested in the Shakers Quebec, 26th, March, 1879. Frederick W. Evans, Mt., Lebanon : ' Sir—Having become deeply interested in the Shakers, both regarding their life and doctrine, and desiring to know more, I would like to obtain a simple plain statement of such, and knowing no other method, write you for it. ' Yours sincerely,' Address Treasury Dep't, Quebec T. C. W.—Respected Friend : You say you 'have become deeply interested in Shakers.'... Mount Lebanon, April 2, 1879 F. W. Evans. T. C. W.—Respected Friend : You say you ' have become deeply interested in Shakers.' That makes me deeply interested in you. I would be pleased to learn how and why you are interested. Are you a ^Spiritualist ? A person may be a Spiritualist and not be a Shaker. But he or she could not be a Shaker and not be a Spiritualist. Perhaps you are a Socialist, and a friend of communism and co-operation — would readj ust capital and labor. Or you may be a Woman's Rights' man, thinking that woman has a right to be, and to be a law maker. Again, it may be that living in a public building, you are aware that, in Europe, 1,200,000 of male Christians, servants of the Prince of Peace, are organized into destructive machines for depopulating the earth. Physiology has, perchance, occupied your observing and investigating powers, and you desire to search out and remove the causes of human misery, in the form of sickness and disease. Epidemics, fevers, plagues, dyspepsia, and even common colds. Or how can I tell but the subject of usury may cause you sleepless nights, and that you think it one of the grand procuring causes of human wars ? for how could nations fight without money 1 And who would loan money to governments without interest ? Or how would rulers obtain soldiers, THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. were there no poor, homeless, landless people ? and would any of these exist without usury? If, with Thomas Jefferson, you think the land belongs to man only in usufruct, then the monopoly of land is an evil, co-existing with usury, and you desire to have it removed. Doctor-craft, Priestcraft, Lawyercraft and Warcraft, indicate a separation between man and the land upon which he ought to cultivate his vine and fig tree. Blessed are the meek—men who are not sick and do not fight—they shall inherit the earth. And blessed are those who hunger after wisdom, which is a right use of knowledge. Those having said their say, know when to 'stop, as will your unfashionable Shaker friend, SHAKERS DYING OUT Oliver Prentiss. Editor Shaker Manifesto : In 1779, a powerful magnetic current, from the spirit world, swept over the New England States and the eastern part of the State of New York, waking up the religious element in the honest yeomanry, preparing them to receive the Gospel of the Kingdom. Mother Ann Lee had, through heart-searching, vein-trying ordeals, been previously prepared, and sent from England, to administer the initiatives of that Gospel—the Gospel of the Kingdom of Heaven. Then was the Kingdom of Heaven 'like unto a net cast into the sea '— Virginity and Community were the initiatives. The work of gathering the believers into Community Order was assigned to Joseph Meacham and Lucy Wright, then called Father Joseph and Mother Lucy — Like Moses, Father Joseph received, and gave to the people, a code, for the preservation of order in the House of God. He said he knew those statutes and ordinances were ' the gift of God.' The people were gathered—the doors were closed. Some nine years later, another wave from the Spirit World so awakened outsiders, that the doors were opened and many gathered ' as doves to the windows.' And still the Kingdom of Heaven was ' like unto a net cast into the sea.' In process of years, the better material outside became so absorbed in commerce, politics and speculation, that the Kingdom of Heaven became 'like unto a certain king that made a marriage for his son.' For near half a century, the few that have been gathered in were, with rare exceptions and the children of those exceptions, from the distinct classes referred to in Luke xiv. 21, 22, 23. Let this, with consequent neglect of, and departures from, the Code Joseph, account for the apparent 'depletion' of Shakers. As offset to what is truly lamentable, Shakers have been cutting loose from ancient snubbing posts, and catching up with the increase of the age. Mental expansion has been a cardinal principle—many habits in meats, drinks and other objectionables, not cognizable by the initiatives aforesaid, have been left behind. With the increase of facilities for communication and transit, the world correspondingly moves—and Shakers move. And now, the signs of the times fully sustain' the Spiritual Telegraph communications, that a strong wave, a magnetic current from a powerful host in the Spirit World, is moving the better class of minds,, outside of Shakerdom, preparatory to the progression of the New Earth and the New Heaven, so long existing in prophecy only. Mighty men and ^women of power, unknown to fame, will be called to the front,, and the car of human progress will be shoved ahead, irrespective of grade, by unseen locomotives. The Tabernacle of human progress will be rejuvenated upon the basis of the Pioneers,. Father Joseph and Mother Lucy, taking in the additional foundation stones of progressive truth—physiology, hygiene, spiritualism, etc., etc. We will say, and speak advisedly, that of all achieved by the practical self-denial and faithful cross-bearing of Mother Ann, Mother Lucy, Father Joseph, their compeers and devoted successors, never a particle will be lost to humanity. They were simply devoted Pioneers. They acted well their part. In the name of God and humanity, we will act ourd.—Amen.