Home Topics For a Crushed Foot Take a tablespoonful of honey, one of camphor, and one of wheat flour; mix well and bind on. Ulcered Teeth Toast a piece of bread, then soak it in laudanum, camphor and cayenne pepper, and bind it on the face. It gives immediate relief. Injury by Freezing To cure frosted flesh, rub on the part balsam copaiba. This I have used for years, and it always cures. Its effect is wonderful. A ten-cent box is sufficient to convince of its virtue. Inverted Toe-Nails Take of saltpetre, burnt alum, and loaf sugar equal parts, rubbed fine and sifted through thin muslin ; then bind some of it on the toe, and repeat as long as needed. It is a certain cure if persevered in for two weeks. Put lint under the nail and cut it square. Red Ants We have tried various things, and nothing seems to answer so well as a common white chalk circle, placing the articles which they infest inside — such as the sugar bowl, sugar barrel, etc. It is no less singular and simple than it is true, that not a single ant will cross the line. Remedy for Felons Rags wet with tincture of lobelia, bound on and kept constantly wet. Another good cure is as follows : Take the yolk of one egg, an equal quantity of strained honey, one teaspoonful of spirits of camphor, and one teaspoonful of spirits of turpentine, freshly drawn. Mix well and thicken with flour to the consistency of thin paste. Spread it upon the sore thinly, and cold. It takes hold with astonishing power, and rapidly draws matters to a crisis. Everybody ought to know it. Make Your Own Syrups To make a gallon of syrup of beautiful whiteness and crystal-like transparency, such as is known in our markets as silver drips, or rock candy drips, there are required eight pounds of refined sugar, such as is known by its various names and grades of A or B or extra C, and costing from 10 to 12 1-2 cents per lb., according to locality and distance from the sugar refinery. To this quantity should be added three pints of boiling water, and the whole subjected to slow boiling for a period of fifteen or twenty minutes, after which the solution, while warm, should be strained through a fabric of moderately close texture. This will produce a gallon of syrup, at much less cost than the price demanded in market for the grades of syrup named. For a light yellow or golden syrup, the same quantity of light brown sugar may be employed, and so on through the lower grades of sugar and syrup ; but no grade of sugar can be found which will produce so worthless an article as the Cuba molasses generally offered in our markets.