THE CROSS NO. 1 WM. H. BUSSELL It is sufficiently evident to every one conversant with the history of Christianity that the cross to which it was the custom in ancient times to attach criminals for the purpose of putting them to death by slow torture, has become emblematic of that religion. Jesus himself suffered death upon it, hence a system of theology has been devised, having the cross with its victim as the central idea, the idea being that Divine Justice required the death of this victim to expiate the sins of every individual of the human family. Volume after volume has been written to illustrate this idea. Such a cross has been made the standard of armies arrayed against each other on the battle field. It has been held, in'miniature, before the eyes of the dying to remind them that by this alone could their spirits hope for happiness in the world they were about to enter. And the living have been assured, with all the earnestness and power of which human eloquence is capable, that their title to life, present or future, is made certain only by this cross as a seal. It cannot be denied that this has been the prevalent idea in Christendom for centuries. It has assumed the rank of the only orthodoxy. This orthodoxy, it is true, has shown features varying to some extent, according as it has exhibited a Catholic or Protestant front, but essentially it is one and the same everywhere. Such being the case, it seems natural for those who adhere to this as the fundamental thought, in the doctrine of the cross, to regard it as established too strongly for successful opposition, and to deny that those who reject it are really Christians. The doctrine of the cross is evidently the pivotal doctrine of Christianity, but what is that essential thing on which hinges a person's Christian character? This is a question of no other teaching than that of Jesus Christ himself. Whether this is rational and worthy of the Infinite Father, the G-od of love whom Jesus preached, must be determined by every one who thoroughly examines the doctrine. It would seem that that which has been so long and so generally accepted as the true view might be regarded as settled. And yet it is not so. It is not in human nature of the present day, whatever it may have been in the past, to be satisfied with many of the practices or modes of thought of former ages. The old ideas of civil government, of class society, of the relations of the sexes, of the connection between capital and labor, must and will be discussed. So with every thing in science or religion that has been or is presented to the human mind for its acceptance as truth. Not that there is not at the present time liability to error as heretofore, yet the tend- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 129 ency of the general thought is to accept that which savors of kindness, benevolence, and of universal love, rather than the opposite, and to regard this alone as worthy of the rational mind.