Elder F. W. Evans : Dear Brother—Recently I saw a few extracts clipped from the New York Sun... Amo P. 0., Miami Co., Kansas, May 2, 1879. H. M. C. Elder F. W. Evans : Dear Brother—Recently I saw a few extracts clipped from the New York Sun, sent by you to a friend of mine. It is indeed truly wonderful, this fact of spiritual ma- 134 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. terialization ; and taking place among your holy people I must indeed give it credence. How triumphant the thought that the immortality of the human soul is scientifically demonstrated ! The great scientists of different nationalities are investigating this phenomenon, and some of them profess to have proven beyond a doubt the intercommunion between the two worlds, the spiritual and material. The skeptical mind demands evidence that appeals to the senses, and it is now given. Mediums are being developed everywhere, and this phase of form manifestations is the most startling a,nd convincing. To one with a mind organized like my own, evidence of this kind is a great boon. My mental combination is one of intense skepticism as well as deep spirituality. From the earliest age I was given to metaphysical reasoning, and was constantly reaching after the unfathomable. I frequently got beyond my depth. Painful doubts of humanity preserving its identity were constantly obtruding upon my mind, and I sought for evidence among the writings of the learned and erudite, as well as made personal appeals to the reason of those who were older and more experienced than myself. I read many works on theology, and especially sought for that form of literature which was occult and mysterious. Every work on magnetism and clairvoyance I' came across, I read with avidity. Plow I worshipped the grand and beautiful in nature ! The world was one mighty poem to my inner senses, and I loved to look abroad and dwell with my own communings. At times a simple flower would fill my soul with ecstacy, but when I gazed upon the sublime and grand, I felt like prostrating myself before an Infinite Being in the attitude and spirit of worship. Why such unutterable longings of the human soul, and this tendency to worship a Supreme Power, if there is no corresponding answer to its yearnings ? I would reason thus. There is certainly a spiritual state of being, or we would have no comprehension of the spiritual. It is innate and not taught wholly. All tribes and nations believe in it, and worship some power, showing that it is intuitive. Can it be wondered at that I take a deep interest in these spiritual phenomena ? I keep posted by reading spiritualistic journals. I am constantly looking for irrefragable evidence. There is much that is deceptive and unreliable. We have to use the fine sieve of reason. Now when I heard recently that this phenomenon was known and practiced among the 'Shakers, my soul leaped for joy. I have long taken an abiding interest in the order of Shakers, and were I untrammeled I should certainly unite with them. I am a Shaker in principle, I can truly say. How I have longed for a holy retreat, away from the follies and fashions of the world or world's people. There is too much that is jarring and inconsistent with a holy life. Too much excitement and greed of the world's goods do I daily see. War, war, all the time somewhere upon the face of the globe. Strife of all kinds, not only nationally but individually. In every family, domestic grief more or less. No unity, but great divergence. You are a blessed people. Would you, dear brothers, grant me as a boon, a spiritual message from one of your materialized spirits? I would like a test; but then it is the spiritual message I crave. This shall be sacred with me, and not given publicity. This is an earnest appeal. I shall ever be grateful, should you grant it. Pardon me for writing so much at length. Have you any work descriptive of American communities in general? Yours fraternally, P. S. Pardon if I have requested too much and attribute it to a sincere desire for the Truth and Spirituality.