THE MISSION OF JESUS ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE Is God less able now to manifest His power than in Apostolic days ? Or is not His power a necessity now as then? Tutelary deities — semi-gods — some partly civilized, others in a limited degree spiritualized, ruled in the unprogressed ages of heathenism, and Judaism, and were adapted to the conditions of idol-worshipping, warring, polygamous nations and peoples of olden time. Mediumistic gods still hold a place between the Infinite and finite, and are directors or guiding stars pointing the way and giving light, as we journey up the hills of truth and spiritual progression. In the days of Jesus and his Apostles, the Ministerial Order under the 122 THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. Mosaic law, and the spirit agencies that were employed in that dispensation, were superseded by higher laws and more progressed spiritual agencies. And the prophets who were directed and inspired to build temples and dedicate them in the name oJ G-od, and consecrate them to His service, and were ancient Israel's glory, * strength and diadems ceased to be glorious by reason of the greater glory and brightness that attended the Christ visitation through Jesus and his devoted followers. The converts to a new, living faith required new gifts and ministrations ; and new fountains of inspiration were opened unto them, and through the doors of the inner spiritual temple of God—which the outward temple symbolized—came a higher order of ministering angels and spirits, requiring greater sacrifices and more self-denial. But they came not to destroy the law nor to weaken its force; they, by increased spirituality and vitality added strength to the outgoing epoch, and opened new channels of thought which stimulated to greater action in broader fields and higher spheres. A new baptism was added. Water baptism, as an outward body purifier, was necessary to be retained and practiced; but the soul baptism of fire and the Holy Spirit, to quicken the conscience, give repentance and burn up the lusts of the world and purify the heart, was the all needed ministration which Jesus received and dispensed to his disciples; and with the aid of the heavenly soul baptism, Jesus was inspired to give the beautiful, comforting promise, ' Lo, I am with you, even unto the end.'* He was the first baptized Jew; the first whom the Christ spirit anointed, of many brethren, who, by obedience to the divine teacher, also became sons of God, and lights to the world— saviours in their day and time. The time was fulfilled, and the spirit pressed for an entrance into the mundane sphere, peopled with sentient beings, that by the co-operation of mortal agency, souls might be uplifted from low degraded conditions to higher life and holier loves. Jesus was the chosen mediator of a ' New Covenant,' and he felt his mission and was earnest to act well the part and do the work that was given him to do. He knew there was a baptism for him such as mortal man had not hitherto received ; and in his soulstruggles he said, ' How am I straitened until it be accomplished.' He could not administer the sacred fire baptism, until his own soul had passed the fiery ordeal, and with all the powers of his being he sought it, and like the hart that pants for the water brooks, rested not till he found it. How many of the professed followers of Jesus in our own time enter into the same struggles and yearn in spirit for the soul-cleansing baptism as did the first anointed, our glorified exemplar, and like Him receive it as God's alessing? He loved not his own life, Dhysical ease and self-indulgence, but preferred to drink the bitter cup of Dain, persecution and suffering, rather than to receive earthly glory, its pleasures or wealth, at the expense of principle. His life was pre-eminently beautiful, for the inner feelings of his leart were out-wrought by noble deeds of charity and love. He pitied the THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 123 erring, sympathized with the oppressed and was merciful to the poor, lame, halt and blind, and served them. He was a humanitarian friend, a marked benefactor of our race ! Such names (or characters) cannot be erased from memory nor the pages of history, but will outlive the centuries as they roll, and shine with increased luster, and be objects of praise and admiration, bnt not of adoration.