Kind and Esteemed Friend, Elder F. W. Evans: Very naturally, on my return to Brooklyn... Brooklyn, May 29, 1879 H. E. M. Kind and Esteemed Friend, Elder F. W. Evans: Very naturally, on my return to Brooklyn, my thoughts took leave of me and returned to Mt. Lebanon, or else I left them there and did not miss them until it was necessary to collect myself together for practical work ; and the first was to speedily fulfill the promise to return the paper which I failed to make legal according to the laws of our unruly world. With how much satisfaction I returned, I can hardly explain to you. The visit had but one fault—it was all too short. I found on my first visit, that the dear friends then commenced, unconsciously, to weave about me a sort of net-work of love and kindness, from which I could, perhaps, have extricated myself if I had tried, but I had no inclination that way. This time I found the net more tightly drawn, and I came away surrounded with the sweet, quiet influence from a home where peace and happiness reign supremely, and a love that passeth all earthly understanding. I talk of Mt. Lebanon, I think about it, and all the time with a feeling of wonder that such a place can exist on earth, and with gratitude inexpressible that I am privileged to have a child of mine under its Heavenly influence. Oh, yes, Elder Frederick, I know I am worldly, but I am not wanting in appreciation, and I give you all my hand with a hearty God Speed. As soon as I get back to the world, I am more fully convinced how lacking I am in the many essentials that go to make a Shaker. However, there is notelling what, might be done under some circumstances. A constant dropping of water will wear away a rock, and the influence at Mt. Lebanon is a continual well-spring of goodness and purity, and I have brought away a great deal, I trust I shall never part with. There is much I would like to write you about, and many questions I would ask for information, but I know I have already trespassed too long on your valuable time ; and I should fail to make myself as interesting even, as that man in Walla Walla, Washington territory, with his Indians out west, for I would be the only one benefited. If I send all the messages that come from my heart to my pen, when I think of my boy, you would only say, ' Oh, you mothers, will you never learn sense ? ' So I swallow down a great longing, love and tenderness for him, with only a request that you inform him of my safe arrival home, and that I am well. I return earnest thanks to you all, for your generous hospitality. Within my own home, I never found more loving kindness. With the best wishes for you all, I am always your sincere friend.