THE HOME THAT WE HAVE FOUND CECELIA DEVYR Glittering nature wakes to greet us, At the dawning of the day; Blossoms, birds, and fragrant breezes, All ' Good morning ' seem to say. And the dreams that filled our slumbers Whether sorrowful or bright, Melt away like mists of morning, In the glorious living light. Then we meet and bless each other, With a feeling deep and true. Mingled with oar thanks to Heaven, For a life so sweet and new. Then, I think of hearts that suffer In the world's distracted state ; How the morning breaks upon them, But to show their bitter fate. Quickly from that dismal picture, Turns my spirit in deep pain ; Praying that the powers immortal, Will not ever strive in vain. For, amid earth's boundless beauty Nations dwell beneath a pall! Having with a grim precision, ' Things adapted to the Fall.' Who shall rend the vail of darkness ? Who shall break the clouds of sin ? God must shake the old Creation, That His truth its place may win. So the burden of my spirit, I consign unto the Lord ; And in gathering to His children, Feel his blessing and reward. Thus the day with all its labor, Rolls so swiftly to its close ; And its shadows long and quiet, Bring the heart a deep repose. When the royal robe of evening, Is exchanged for mantled grey— When the silver stars like spirits, Come so softly o'er our way ; When the wind that rocks the maple, Sings the robin to its sleep, And unnumbered sounds are blended In a concert grand and deep, Then our thoughts, like lambs, are gath ered To our hearts, as to a fold, And we try to count the treasures, That can never all be told. There are words of precious counsel, Acts of kindness, love and care ; Thoughtful eyes that looked a blessing, Smiles of joy and peace are there. And perhaps, ' Good night ' was spoken, And its gentle tones we hear Like an angel voice above us, As the realm of sleep we near. For in silence, or in music, In the shadow, or the light, Nothing but the hearts that love us, Ever truly says,.' Good night,' Scenes of loveliness surround us, Heaven and earth with gifts abound, Yet the faithful hearts that love us, Form the home that we have found. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.