RENOUNCING THE WORLD To renounce the world in one way is the most commendable act of a man's life; to renounce it in another way is a very dangerous thing, if not a positively injurious one. The old English question asked of a candidate for baptism inquires whether he is ready to ' renounce the devil and all his works, the vain pomp and glory of the wicked world, with all the covetous desires of the same.' Such things as these, the Christian must renounce before he can be a Christian at all. There can be no half-way business about it. Compromise with the downright wickedness of the world is fatal to the godly life. A partial surrender gives up the whole. There is, however, another and very prevalent idea of the renunciation of the world, wbich is materially different from the abandonment of the thoughtless or deliberate acts of the unrighteous children of this life. It is something more than abandonment, it is separation. Taking a Pilate's wash-bowl, many persons purify their hands, and then declare that they have nothing further to do with sin. To them, the text ' Come out from among them, and be ye separate,' means not only the abandonment of sin, but the desertion of sinners. In the endeavor to keep themselves pure, they give up efforts for the reclamation of those who are stained with guilt. They build convent 130 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. walls, and immure themselves within their dim recesses. In order to remove the possibility of relapsing into evil ways, they seek to banish the possibility of temptation. If they are never tempted they never fall. Persons of this way of thinking are by no means Fconfined to the Koman Catholic Church. The monastic tendency exists where monasticism is unknown. The desire to make an object of one's self, or to do some startling thing, is universal. ' If I could get dead drunk, and lie in the gutter, with my pockets turned inside out, I think I should be satisfied,' says one. ' If I could be known, the world over, as a marvel of purity, I could rest content,' says another, The world is full of people who, like the little 'girl in the nursery rhyme, are very, very good when they are good, but '' horrid ' when they are bad. Of course it is more pleasant to be a model of excellence than a model of vice ; and so, in their zeal to renounce the world, men swing on hooks, or climb St. Simeon Stylites' pillar, :or vow to read no book but the Bible, according to their several religious faiths. It is the same world they all seek to abandon, though their methods vary. It is the secret plaudit of their own hearts that they value even more than the world's astonishment or reverence. Each of them deliberately makes up his mind, like the boy in the juvenile story, to become a ' blighted being.' After all, it is Christian work that approves the believer. Positive virtue is a very different thing from negative innocence. The Christian organization is the church militant, not the church contemplative . One man's duty is not another's ; but certainly few persons are so isolated, by nature or by circumstance, as to be exempt from all other duties than that of self-culture. The Son of Man came to seek and to save that which was lost. His followers can hardly excuse themselves for abandoning efforts in the same direction. The fear of falling, the delights of spiritual piety, or the benefits of religious culture, are not valid reasons for abandoning the world to its fate. The New Testament lays a great deal of stress upon Christian endeavor, but says very little about the cultivation of a mystical spirituality unconnected with active effort in such fields as seem to lie around each individual. It is the laborer who is worthv of his hire. S. S. Times.