The Children's Grotto A SHORT SERMON Alice Cary One and all who hear my lay, This much I have to say : Each day, and every day, Do what is right— Right things in great and small ; Then, though the sky should fall, Sun, moon, and stars, and all, You shall have light. This further would I say : Be tempted as you may, Each day, and every day, Speak what is true— True things in great and small, Then, though the sky should fall, Sun, moon, and stars, and all, Heaven would show through. Figs, as you see and know, Do not of thistles grow ; And though the blossoms blow While on the tree. Grapes never, never yet On limbs of thorns were set; So, if you good would get, Good you must be. Life's journey through and through Speak what is just and true, Do what is right to do, To one and all. At work, and when you play, Each day and every day, Then peace shall gild your way, Though the sky fall.' Please, Sir, Don't Step There A layer of snow was spread over the icy streets, and pedestrians, shod with India rubber, walked carefully toward the village •church on a cold Sabbath morning in February. Walking somewhat hastily churchward for I was late, I noticed a bright looking little lad standing upon the pavement, with his cap in his hand and his eyes fixed upon one spot on the sidewalk. As I approached him he looked up to me, and, pointing to the place, said: ' Please, sir, don't step there. I slipped there and fell down.' I thanked the philanthropic little fellow, and passed round the dangerous spot. ' Don't step there ' was the theme of my meditations during the remainder of the walk. A thousand times since has the clear voice of that kind-hearted child rung in my ear, reminding me of my duty to those around me, and urging me to repeat it whenever it promises to be useful. ' Please, sir, don't step there.' A Singular Experiment Our sight is not always to be depended upon ; and a very odd experiment, illustrative of the fact, may be performed by any one in possession of two hands and a sheet of paper. Take the paper — stiff writing-paper will answer best — and roll it so as to form a tube about an inch in diameter. Apply the tube to the right eye, and look steadily through it at any convenient object ; at the same time keep the left eye open. Now, place the left hand, with the palm toward you and the fingers pointing upward, by the side of the paper tube and near its lower end. The strange sight will be seen of a hole — a clearly defined hole — through the palm of the left hand. The illusion is a strange one, and a good example of the things we are liable to have played us by our two-eyed vision.