TESTIMONY OF ABIGAIL COOK Editor Manifesto : In taking up the book entitled ' Testimonies concerning the Character of Mother Ann Lee,' and perusing some of the writings of those ancient Believers (Shakers), who were so well acquainted with Mother Ann and her colaborers, among others was the testimony of sister,Abigail Cook, from which I make a few extracts for our interesting little ' Shaker Manifesto/' as it will doubtless be new to many of its readers. ' In the fall of 1780 (says sister Abigail), we heard of Mother Ann and the/people who followed her; but did not believe they were of God ; my feelings, more especially, were quite biased against them. My husband's distress of mind became so great, that one day, while on his knees crying fervently to God to direct him in the right way, he suddenly broke out in very loud acclamations, which were succeeded by a violent shaking of the body, at which I was greatly alarmed. He then testified that the people we had heard of were the people of God, and that they were in the right way. This was a striking evidence tome, for I believed he was operated upon by the power of God. ' Soon after this, some who had embraced the new religion came into Partridgefield, and we visited them, and found them to be very upright and godly in their conversation and deportment, and all their teachings agreed with the precepts of Christ and his apostles. My feelings of nature strove hard to stifle my conviction, and induce me to try, if possible, to turn some other way, for this way was excessively crossing to my vain hopes of carnal enjoyments, being then only in the eighteenth year of my age. But their testimony was too clear for me to gainsay. In short, we both confessed our sins and set out, once for all, to obey the testimony of the gospel. This was in February, 1781. ' About the beginning of March we visited Mother Ann and the Elders at Watervliet. The love and kindness I there saw in them, both among themselves and toward those who visited them, was truly beyond any thing of the kind I ever saw before. Many people were there from different places, and their house was but small, and in order to accommodate all who came, they gave up their own beds and slept on the floor themselves, with but very little to lie on, or to cover them. This affected my feelings very much. In all their words and actions they displayed pure godliness and innocence. They taught us to confess and forsake sin, to live upright and pure, and to be honest and just in all things. * * * My husband continued strong in the faith until he departed this life, at Hancock, in 1788. ' Mother Ann was very modest and chaste in her deportment. I visited her and the Elders often at different places—at Ashfield, Harvard, Hancock and New Lebanon, and always found them very exemplary and godly in all things. * * * 'Mother was always faithful to teach 126 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. prudence and economy, as well as other virtues. I have many times seen her, after the people have been eating, go and gather up the fragments, pick the bones, and make her meal of these, and say, ' It is good, it is the blessing of God, and should not be lost.' * * Mother often taught us to love one another. She would say to those that were married, ' You ought to love one another in the Lord.' To the man, ' Be kind to your wife ;' and to the woman,' Be subject and obey your husband in the Lord ; it is according to the doctrine of the apostles.' She taught children to obey their parents, and parents to teach their children godliness, and bring them up in the fear of the Lord. I never saw the least failing in Mother. She was temperate in all things.' D. A.. Buckingham. Shakers, N. 7.