SPIRITUAL WEALTH AND PAUPERISM E. MYRICK As in material, so in the spiritual ; what we sow, we shall reap. The quantity and quality depend on industry and cultivation. Our first and chief seeking should be ' the kingdom of heaven.' But is there not danger that the things which should be added (the external) engage our first attention ? thus causing spiritual pauperism 1 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 135 We need the gifts of heaven, the food of angels — something to administer to souls, both in and out of the body. Mother Ann said, ' though we are poor, yet we are able to make many rich '—rich in all that creates heaven, and makes that heaven a part of earth's experience. Should we always be mendicants, begging the hard-earned treasures of those who store all night to regain the spiritual gift they felt they had lost by sleep ; and who, when worn down by excessive labor of soul and body, prayed for divine aid, instead of yielding to exhausted nature t Who would not rather, realize the greater blessing of giving, than to beg from door to door, ' give us of your oil ' (light) and spiritual riches ? Is it becoming those who claim to be the children of light, to seek light from those just emerging from nature's darkness, and the superstition of tradition? instead of being ' ministering spirits' from that city whose light cannot be hid ? Will we have a sentimental, or a soul re. ligion ? The dead sea of formality, or the fount of inspiration ? We can quench the spirit or feed it if we will. Something more than salvation is required to satisfy the aspiration of the living soul ; (Lot's wife was saved — preserved !) it wants growth, progress, the result of hungering, thirsting, and partaking of inspirations from the spiritual heavens. Social purity, moral integrity, benevolence, and peace, all beautiful in themselves, may be possessed, and yet lack that essential,spiritual gift and life which quickens, inspires, and elevates the soul to live above the world, and follow him who promised ' treasures in heaven.' The Jews had Abraham for their father, Moses for their lawgiver, and prophets not a few. The Christians claim Jesus for their saviour, and propitiator. The believers in the second advent of Christ have their pattern saints to fall back upon, to praise and adore. Reverence, honor, and a due regard for precept and examples of the heroic pioneers in the world's advancement are tributes no grateful heart can, or should, withhold. But there is great need to guard against the insidious error of idolatry of the person, and their final authority. What is needed and should be most desired is the spirit which animated their lives, and inspired their words. Active, positive, not passive, good (for nothing), dependent saints, supported by a rich ancestry. The great want is men and women of God, the God of to-day, living and guided by the word of God as revealed to-day ; asking not if it agrees with former authorities, but content if it agrees with the living present, imperfect though it may be. Now, as in other days, who that is faithful to reason, conscience, heart, and soul, will through them receive inspiration (direct or through mediums) as his guide through all his pilgrimage, possessing and diffusing the true riches. While the faithless, the slothful, and the despondent will have no covering to disguise their needless poverty. The disparity is between Industry and Indolence. The world rests not, with a careless ease On the wisdom of the past From Moses, and Plato, and Socrates, It is onward, advancing fast. And the words of Jesus, and John, and Paul, Stand out from the lettered page, And the living present claims them all, In the spirit that moves the age. Great, earnest souls, by the truth made free, No longer in blindness bow ; And the good time coming—the yet to be— Is embraced in the good time now. He who lives by his own industry has wealth. He who lives on other men's labors is a pauper, a beggar, whether in rags or ruffles.