Correspondence A SPECIMEN LETTER 'T. C. W. The interest in Shakerism is continually increasing and spreading. The following letter is a specimen of what we are continually receiving. We append the answer : Sir—Having become deeply interested in the Shakers Quebec, 26th, March, 1879. Frederick W. Evans, Mt., Lebanon : ' Sir—Having become deeply interested in the Shakers, both regarding their life and doctrine, and desiring to know more, I would like to obtain a simple plain statement of such, and knowing no other method, write you for it. ' Yours sincerely,' Address Treasury Dep't, Quebec T. C. W.—Respected Friend : You say you 'have become deeply interested in Shakers.'... Mount Lebanon, April 2, 1879 F. W. Evans. T. C. W.—Respected Friend : You say you ' have become deeply interested in Shakers.' That makes me deeply interested in you. I would be pleased to learn how and why you are interested. Are you a ^Spiritualist ? A person may be a Spiritualist and not be a Shaker. But he or she could not be a Shaker and not be a Spiritualist. Perhaps you are a Socialist, and a friend of communism and co-operation — would readj ust capital and labor. Or you may be a Woman's Rights' man, thinking that woman has a right to be, and to be a law maker. Again, it may be that living in a public building, you are aware that, in Europe, 1,200,000 of male Christians, servants of the Prince of Peace, are organized into destructive machines for depopulating the earth. Physiology has, perchance, occupied your observing and investigating powers, and you desire to search out and remove the causes of human misery, in the form of sickness and disease. Epidemics, fevers, plagues, dyspepsia, and even common colds. Or how can I tell but the subject of usury may cause you sleepless nights, and that you think it one of the grand procuring causes of human wars ? for how could nations fight without money 1 And who would loan money to governments without interest ? Or how would rulers obtain soldiers, THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. were there no poor, homeless, landless people ? and would any of these exist without usury? If, with Thomas Jefferson, you think the land belongs to man only in usufruct, then the monopoly of land is an evil, co-existing with usury, and you desire to have it removed. Doctor-craft, Priestcraft, Lawyercraft and Warcraft, indicate a separation between man and the land upon which he ought to cultivate his vine and fig tree. Blessed are the meek—men who are not sick and do not fight—they shall inherit the earth. And blessed are those who hunger after wisdom, which is a right use of knowledge. Those having said their say, know when to 'stop, as will your unfashionable Shaker friend, SHAKERS DYING OUT Oliver Prentiss. Editor Shaker Manifesto : In 1779, a powerful magnetic current, from the spirit world, swept over the New England States and the eastern part of the State of New York, waking up the religious element in the honest yeomanry, preparing them to receive the Gospel of the Kingdom. Mother Ann Lee had, through heart-searching, vein-trying ordeals, been previously prepared, and sent from England, to administer the initiatives of that Gospel—the Gospel of the Kingdom of Heaven. Then was the Kingdom of Heaven 'like unto a net cast into the sea '— Virginity and Community were the initiatives. The work of gathering the believers into Community Order was assigned to Joseph Meacham and Lucy Wright, then called Father Joseph and Mother Lucy — Like Moses, Father Joseph received, and gave to the people, a code, for the preservation of order in the House of God. He said he knew those statutes and ordinances were ' the gift of God.' The people were gathered—the doors were closed. Some nine years later, another wave from the Spirit World so awakened outsiders, that the doors were opened and many gathered ' as doves to the windows.' And still the Kingdom of Heaven was ' like unto a net cast into the sea.' In process of years, the better material outside became so absorbed in commerce, politics and speculation, that the Kingdom of Heaven became 'like unto a certain king that made a marriage for his son.' For near half a century, the few that have been gathered in were, with rare exceptions and the children of those exceptions, from the distinct classes referred to in Luke xiv. 21, 22, 23. Let this, with consequent neglect of, and departures from, the Code Joseph, account for the apparent 'depletion' of Shakers. As offset to what is truly lamentable, Shakers have been cutting loose from ancient snubbing posts, and catching up with the increase of the age. Mental expansion has been a cardinal principle—many habits in meats, drinks and other objectionables, not cognizable by the initiatives aforesaid, have been left behind. With the increase of facilities for communication and transit, the world correspondingly moves—and Shakers move. And now, the signs of the times fully sustain' the Spiritual Telegraph communications, that a strong wave, a magnetic current from a powerful host in the Spirit World, is moving the better class of minds,, outside of Shakerdom, preparatory to the progression of the New Earth and the New Heaven, so long existing in prophecy only. Mighty men and ^women of power, unknown to fame, will be called to the front,, and the car of human progress will be shoved ahead, irrespective of grade, by unseen locomotives. The Tabernacle of human progress will be rejuvenated upon the basis of the Pioneers,. Father Joseph and Mother Lucy, taking in the additional foundation stones of progressive truth—physiology, hygiene, spiritualism, etc., etc. We will say, and speak advisedly, that of all achieved by the practical self-denial and faithful cross-bearing of Mother Ann, Mother Lucy, Father Joseph, their compeers and devoted successors, never a particle will be lost to humanity. They were simply devoted Pioneers. They acted well their part. In the name of God and humanity, we will act ourd.—Amen. ACCEPTABLE DONATION h. m. Cincinnati, O., May 9,1879 Elder diaries Olapp : Dear Friend: Inclosed please find a money order, payable at Lebanon, for $10, which I hope you will accept as a contribution to your valuable paper, the ' Manifesto.' I have time to write only a few hurried lines, to-day, and must content myself by express ing my wish that your good people will meet with all the success they could desire ; you are doing a noble work, and setting the world a shining example ; you have my best wishes for your prosperity in every sense of the word. Truly your friend, The above order for the amount was duly forwarded to this office [The above order for the amount was duly forwarded to this office, together with the letter of our kind friend. We have taken the liberty to print the letter and would like to have given the donor's name. Our thanks, fragrant with soul-gratitude, accompany him everywhere. One hundred and twenty such friends would print and circulate 3,500 copies of the Shaker Manifesto twelve times a year ! Who bids for a niche in the building it is erecting ? Ed. S. M.] M., S. Ed. S. M. Kind and Esteemed Friend, Elder F. W. Evans: Very naturally, on my return to Brooklyn... Brooklyn, May 29, 1879 H. E. M. Kind and Esteemed Friend, Elder F. W. Evans: Very naturally, on my return to Brooklyn, my thoughts took leave of me and returned to Mt. Lebanon, or else I left them there and did not miss them until it was necessary to collect myself together for practical work ; and the first was to speedily fulfill the promise to return the paper which I failed to make legal according to the laws of our unruly world. With how much satisfaction I returned, I can hardly explain to you. The visit had but one fault—it was all too short. I found on my first visit, that the dear friends then commenced, unconsciously, to weave about me a sort of net-work of love and kindness, from which I could, perhaps, have extricated myself if I had tried, but I had no inclination that way. This time I found the net more tightly drawn, and I came away surrounded with the sweet, quiet influence from a home where peace and happiness reign supremely, and a love that passeth all earthly understanding. I talk of Mt. Lebanon, I think about it, and all the time with a feeling of wonder that such a place can exist on earth, and with gratitude inexpressible that I am privileged to have a child of mine under its Heavenly influence. Oh, yes, Elder Frederick, I know I am worldly, but I am not wanting in appreciation, and I give you all my hand with a hearty God Speed. As soon as I get back to the world, I am more fully convinced how lacking I am in the many essentials that go to make a Shaker. However, there is notelling what, might be done under some circumstances. A constant dropping of water will wear away a rock, and the influence at Mt. Lebanon is a continual well-spring of goodness and purity, and I have brought away a great deal, I trust I shall never part with. There is much I would like to write you about, and many questions I would ask for information, but I know I have already trespassed too long on your valuable time ; and I should fail to make myself as interesting even, as that man in Walla Walla, Washington territory, with his Indians out west, for I would be the only one benefited. If I send all the messages that come from my heart to my pen, when I think of my boy, you would only say, ' Oh, you mothers, will you never learn sense ? ' So I swallow down a great longing, love and tenderness for him, with only a request that you inform him of my safe arrival home, and that I am well. I return earnest thanks to you all, for your generous hospitality. Within my own home, I never found more loving kindness. With the best wishes for you all, I am always your sincere friend. Elder F. W. Evans : Dear Brother—Recently I saw a few extracts clipped from the New York Sun... Amo P. 0., Miami Co., Kansas, May 2, 1879. H. M. C. Elder F. W. Evans : Dear Brother—Recently I saw a few extracts clipped from the New York Sun, sent by you to a friend of mine. It is indeed truly wonderful, this fact of spiritual ma- 134 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. terialization ; and taking place among your holy people I must indeed give it credence. How triumphant the thought that the immortality of the human soul is scientifically demonstrated ! The great scientists of different nationalities are investigating this phenomenon, and some of them profess to have proven beyond a doubt the intercommunion between the two worlds, the spiritual and material. The skeptical mind demands evidence that appeals to the senses, and it is now given. Mediums are being developed everywhere, and this phase of form manifestations is the most startling a,nd convincing. To one with a mind organized like my own, evidence of this kind is a great boon. My mental combination is one of intense skepticism as well as deep spirituality. From the earliest age I was given to metaphysical reasoning, and was constantly reaching after the unfathomable. I frequently got beyond my depth. Painful doubts of humanity preserving its identity were constantly obtruding upon my mind, and I sought for evidence among the writings of the learned and erudite, as well as made personal appeals to the reason of those who were older and more experienced than myself. I read many works on theology, and especially sought for that form of literature which was occult and mysterious. Every work on magnetism and clairvoyance I' came across, I read with avidity. Plow I worshipped the grand and beautiful in nature ! The world was one mighty poem to my inner senses, and I loved to look abroad and dwell with my own communings. At times a simple flower would fill my soul with ecstacy, but when I gazed upon the sublime and grand, I felt like prostrating myself before an Infinite Being in the attitude and spirit of worship. Why such unutterable longings of the human soul, and this tendency to worship a Supreme Power, if there is no corresponding answer to its yearnings ? I would reason thus. There is certainly a spiritual state of being, or we would have no comprehension of the spiritual. It is innate and not taught wholly. All tribes and nations believe in it, and worship some power, showing that it is intuitive. Can it be wondered at that I take a deep interest in these spiritual phenomena ? I keep posted by reading spiritualistic journals. I am constantly looking for irrefragable evidence. There is much that is deceptive and unreliable. We have to use the fine sieve of reason. Now when I heard recently that this phenomenon was known and practiced among the 'Shakers, my soul leaped for joy. I have long taken an abiding interest in the order of Shakers, and were I untrammeled I should certainly unite with them. I am a Shaker in principle, I can truly say. How I have longed for a holy retreat, away from the follies and fashions of the world or world's people. There is too much that is jarring and inconsistent with a holy life. Too much excitement and greed of the world's goods do I daily see. War, war, all the time somewhere upon the face of the globe. Strife of all kinds, not only nationally but individually. In every family, domestic grief more or less. No unity, but great divergence. You are a blessed people. Would you, dear brothers, grant me as a boon, a spiritual message from one of your materialized spirits? I would like a test; but then it is the spiritual message I crave. This shall be sacred with me, and not given publicity. This is an earnest appeal. I shall ever be grateful, should you grant it. Pardon me for writing so much at length. Have you any work descriptive of American communities in general? Yours fraternally, P. S. Pardon if I have requested too much and attribute it to a sincere desire for the Truth and Spirituality.