YOUNG PEOPLE AMONG SHAKERS F. W. Evans (From the Brooklyn Eagle.) 'Would the morals of a girl of sixteen be corrupted by putting her in the care of Shakers? By answering the above in your column of ' Questions Answered,'' you would confer a great favor upon one in great trouble. B.' ' B' should not confound the Shakers with any other religious or socialistic order, as has frequently been done. The Shakers, or Believers, are followers of Ann Lee, and are celibates, believing in the second appearance of the Christ Spirit upon this earth. They are divided into three orders, the Novitiate order receiving strangers who are inquirers into the religious elements of the Shaker faith. Elder Frederick W. Evans occupies the position of first Elder in the Novitiate order of the society in this country, and his address is Mt. Lebanon, Columbia county, New York. The morals of the best of people would be improved by association with the Shakers, who practice all the virtues, and void as sins many habits which the world's people look upon approvingly. They are intellectual celibates, live simply and have agriculture as the base of their industry, though most of them unite with it one or more avocations. In practical life they are peaceful, exquisitely neat, pure hearted and sincere. The word of a Shaker in a business transaction is, to use a trade parlance, as good as a bond. The Shakers nearly always decline to take children, though there are some in all societies, and for these they have good schools, and each child is taught a trade as it grows up. Unless a young person goes there from a strong personal desire, it is hardly likely that he or she will stay, for the life is strictly ascetic, and a romantic sentimentalist or an idler would find little in common with the good men and women of this order.' Comments.—We decline taking girls under ten, and boys under twelve years of age. These we want of good parentage, having been well-governed and cared for, and of good moral or religious character, and expect them to be secured to us until of age. Boys educated among us learn to turn their hands to all kinds of business. During our recent visit in Brooklyn I felt as one of old, ' The Lord hath much people in this city.' Hope when he comes to his own, his own will receive him. It is seldom that we see so much valuable information, or so many ideas condensed into one short article as are contained in the above from the Brooklyn Eagle, by Laura Holloway, one of its editors.