Correspondence A SPECIMEN LETTER 'T. C. W. The interest in Shakerism is continually increasing and spreading. The following letter is a specimen of what we are continually receiving. We append the answer : Sir—Having become deeply interested in the Shakers Quebec, 26th, March, 1879. Frederick W. Evans, Mt., Lebanon : ' Sir—Having become deeply interested in the Shakers, both regarding their life and doctrine, and desiring to know more, I would like to obtain a simple plain statement of such, and knowing no other method, write you for it. ' Yours sincerely,' Address Treasury Dep't, Quebec T. C. W.—Respected Friend : You say you 'have become deeply interested in Shakers.'... Mount Lebanon, April 2, 1879 F. W. Evans. T. C. W.—Respected Friend : You say you ' have become deeply interested in Shakers.' That makes me deeply interested in you. I would be pleased to learn how and why you are interested. Are you a ^Spiritualist ? A person may be a Spiritualist and not be a Shaker. But he or she could not be a Shaker and not be a Spiritualist. Perhaps you are a Socialist, and a friend of communism and co-operation — would readj ust capital and labor. Or you may be a Woman's Rights' man, thinking that woman has a right to be, and to be a law maker. Again, it may be that living in a public building, you are aware that, in Europe, 1,200,000 of male Christians, servants of the Prince of Peace, are organized into destructive machines for depopulating the earth. Physiology has, perchance, occupied your observing and investigating powers, and you desire to search out and remove the causes of human misery, in the form of sickness and disease. Epidemics, fevers, plagues, dyspepsia, and even common colds. Or how can I tell but the subject of usury may cause you sleepless nights, and that you think it one of the grand procuring causes of human wars ? for how could nations fight without money 1 And who would loan money to governments without interest ? Or how would rulers obtain soldiers, THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. were there no poor, homeless, landless people ? and would any of these exist without usury? If, with Thomas Jefferson, you think the land belongs to man only in usufruct, then the monopoly of land is an evil, co-existing with usury, and you desire to have it removed. Doctor-craft, Priestcraft, Lawyercraft and Warcraft, indicate a separation between man and the land upon which he ought to cultivate his vine and fig tree. Blessed are the meek—men who are not sick and do not fight—they shall inherit the earth. And blessed are those who hunger after wisdom, which is a right use of knowledge. Those having said their say, know when to 'stop, as will your unfashionable Shaker friend,