SHAKERISM VS. ATONEMENT Shakerism, to its credit, takes a very bold, yet consistent position, in that it places no reliance on the blood of Jesus, nor any other, for the benefit of its adherents. That which is commonly kuown as the doctrine of Atonement, is nowhere found in the vocabulary of Shaker theology; thus is Shakerism very distinct from almost every other sect professing the Christian name. Shakerism demands confession of sins committed and an accompanying repentance which is best illustrated by a renunciation of the sinful ivays confessed, acknowledged to be wrong, or conduct wanting in Christian progression. To the Shakers, the well-known theory of the Atonement is not only unscriptural according to Jesus, whose coming was ' to give to every one according as their lives shall be,' but the teaching is contrary to that common-sense religion of logic represented by cause and effect. Very many otherwise noble and religious people, anxiously hope to be relieved here, and 'particularly hereafter, from reaping the consequences of unwise sowing. To whose ears this promise has reached, it has reached them only to be broken to their hope. 'The faith that was in Jesus,' makes every one of similar faith responsible for his or her deeds, and to go and sin no more, is an imperative demand of Christian discipleship, remember this. There is no royal road, even among the Shakers, whereby we may escape the just reward of our doings. There is no position so exalted in the Church of Christ, as tends to excuse any one 138 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. from reaping just what he or she sows —all hopes to the contrary are useless; all wishes or prayers in anticipation of escape worse than useless. G-od is no respecter of persons, yet he is a regarder of characters, and takes cognizance of good and bad thoughts and intentions. So soundly, solidly and immovably, is genuine Christianity resting upon godly reason and common-sense religion, that it lays judgment to the line of our conduct, and righteousness to the plummet of its believers' lives—that it ' sweeps away all refuge of lies ' wrought by the false theology of the so-called Atonement. The doctrine of cause mid effect—of reaping the results of sowing—of being rewarded according as our works shall declare our due, is the ' Thus saith the Lord : Behold, I lay ye ZlON FOR A FOUNDATION, A STONE, A TRIED STONE, A SURE FOUNDATION, and he that believeth ' needs not be alarmed ! Let every rational religionist look the truth squarely in the face, sow as they would reap, live as they would be willing to die, in anticipation of life's rewards, and accepting Jesus as our exampler, our Saviour, inasmuch as we follow his life, and being saved as he was, look upon the evasions taught by the doctrine of the atonement as a snare, as 'a covenant with death, and an agreement with hell,' unequaled for mischief by any thing in the annals of religious belief. The life of each individual shall have its accompanying reward. ^r A lecturer, who has recently visited the Societies, remarked ' that there was a vital force in the Shaker Society that was full of promise for the future.'