FREEMAN'S FAITH A TOUCHING LETTER FROM HIS WIFE DESCRIBES THE FATAL FANATICISM WHICH MADE HIM SLAY HIS CHILD — A DELUSIVE EXPECTATION OF MIRACLE. [From the N. Y. Herald.] Natick, Mass., May 17, 1879. The following letter has been received by a sister-in-law of Mrs. Freeman since the latter went to jail, which shows that she believed as implicitly in God's command for the sacrifice of the child as the father did : implicitly in God's command for the sacrifice of the child as the father did : Barnstable, May 10, 1879. Dear Sisters—We have received your letters. I had looked for one for a long time. I never thought it would find us here. Am glad to know you are well. We are in need of nothing, but we thank you for your kind thoughts for our comfort. I have no doubt you suffer for us. I cannot tell you how it all came to be. You know how dearly we both loved our precious little one. We have tried for more than a year to live entirely devoted to God and to the good of others. We had given up dress, the desire for money, and every thing that was not pure in purpose. You would hardly have believed it was Charlie. He never was profane ; had not drank since I knew him, and was one of the best of husbands and fathers. A LIFE OF PRAYER. But now he commenced a life of prayer and faith in God, and I with him. He read his bible every spare moment, and his whole life was spent in Christian, earnest work for good ; and his whole aim, not neglecting other duties, was to win souls to Christ and seek himself eternal life. One trial of our faith came after another, and God blessed us very much the more we trusted him. By and by there came a week and more of great THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. and new trials. Charlie did not sleep, nor eat scarcely, for nearly two weeks. A TRIAL OF FAITH. During this time of painful trial he felt that God required him to have the faith of Abraham. You know what that was in regard to Isaac. He could not get away from it. The more he tried the more it came home to him. At last he said to the Lord he would be willing to bear the test. He thought that would be all that God would ask. That seemed to end it for the day. That night it came to him more powerfully. He could not help it. Oh ! God alone knows how I suffered ; but having such great faith in God to believe He would stop him just as He did Abraham—that it was only a trial of faith—knowing, as I did. Charlie's life and love, his fear to disobey God, and that he had Abraham's faith, I could not hinder him. But neither of us thought God would suffer her to be touched any more than that the day would fail to come. A MIRACLE EXPECTED. We thought God would see our faith and give us some token of acceptance. We believed God would thunder from Sinai before any harm should come to our darling. But when I found my precious Edie gone, oh, Father how I felt! But comfort seemed to come again. Abraham believed God would raise Isaac, and so we felt that it was God's plan to take her so as to raise her from the dead and thus show his mighty power and love. We did believe He would do this in order to show the world that the God of Abraham, of Isaac and of Jacob still lives, and so wake up the frozen Church of God to its duties, the church so married to the world that there is scarcely any difference between the two. We believed this to be and that Edie would yet go with Charlie to preach the gospel of the kingdom. What a power she would be ; what glory to His cause! Elijah, Elisha, Christ and the Apostles raised the dead, and why should not God do it now as then ? We believed He would. But the time has so far passed and we are here. A CLAIM OF INNOCENCE. God knows we are innocent of any crime. Charlie still thinks God is going to manifest His power and glory and himself be justified in the eyes of the world. God grant it may be so ! Oh, you cannot know my sorrow ! It almost breaks my heart. My dear, dear Edie ! Charlie is innocent. Oh, he is of any crime, but I am afraid it was of mistaken faith in God. Dear Lord! help us in our need. HATTIE N. Y. Herald HATTIE