THE CROSS, NO 2 WM, H. BUSSELL That which we call life is of various grades, from the lowest to the highest, from the grossest to the most refined. It is so in human beings as well as in other forms of life. The classification made by the modern psychologist is quite different from that which Jesus and the apostles used. These made the broad distinction of carnal and spiritual, or, sometimes, of sensuous and spiritual, regarding them as the extremes of each other, the former belonging to man's temporal, the latter to his eternal state. The sensuous man may become depraved or ' dead in trespasses and sins ; ' the spiritual man alone has the heavenly or eternal life within himself, and this in its perfection is the essential life of the Infinite God. The word psychicos, in 1st Corinthians, II, 14, translated in our English version, natural should have been rendered sensuous or sensual, as in James III, 15. Whatever is produced in accordance with Divine law is natural, whether the sensuous, intellectual, moral or spiritual conditions of living beings. Its opposite term is unnatural. ' The sensuous person,' says Paul, ' does not accept the things of the Spirit of God, nor can lie discern them ; but the spiritual person discerns all.' This accords with the words of Jesus to Nicodemus : ' That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit; ye must be born from above another.' The sensuous life in all its grades is necessarily the lower, but the spiritual, the higher life. The language of Jesus is highly figurative, yet not too strong for the actual truth he intended to convey to the mind. Equally figurative is that used by him in the doctrine of the cross. The cross of wood was designed for the execution of criminals ; that which Jesus meant when he said, ' He that taketh not his cross and followeth after me is not worthy of me,' Matt. X, 38, was for the purpose of putting an end to the carnal or sensuous life in the person, so that the spiritual might take its place. Hence the propriety of the words— ' He that loseth his (carnal) life for my sake shall find it '—that is, the spiritual. Only the cross of Christ is efficacious for attaining the spiritual life, that is, the very cross which Jesus himself bore. The apostle Paul says of Christians, ' Our old man has been crucified with his, that the body of sin might be destroyed.' Rom. VI, 6. ' For, as to his dying, he died to sin once.' 10. This accords with the whole train of his reasoning, whether he makes use of baptism as a figure, of planting and growth, or of death and burial. ' So many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death.' ' We have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection.' 'We are heirs of God, heirs together with Christ, if we suffer with him, that we may be glorified together.' Bearing the same cross, then, that Jesus bore, constitutes discipleship to which is annexed spiritual and eternal life, and not the mere belief that he suffered on the cross of the malefactor to expiate the sins of others. Sonyea, N. Y..