RETURN OF THE WANDERER WATSON ANDREWS&gt; (See May No.) I returned to the home of my fathers, When age and experience were mine ; When sin. and its consequent sorrow, Had banished me from the Divine : When light was a pain to the vision, And melody only a din ; When taste, had been sated with pleasure, And feeling, been poisoned by sin. When odors, were shorn of their nectar, And health coursed but feebly each vein; When, the world behind me, a phantom, I cared not for ocean, nor plain. When Fear pointed out to the future, And Regret brooded over the past, When Disease moaned the pains of the present, — The tares and the tears reaped at last— Then I turned from the ways of my wandering — I turned from the sins of my youth — And sought in the pool of repentance, The gospel of Christ, in its truth. I found in ' the valley of Achor,' The door of the soul's only hope — Relief from the load of the sinner, The darkness wherein he must grope. The light beamed again on my vision, THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 149 And life coursed anew every vein ; The light and the life of the Spirit, Found alone on the heavenly plain. Then Purity called me her brother ; And Wisdom appointed my way ; And Hope smiling looked to the future, And Fear fled, defeated, away. Then Justice appeared with her balance ; And Habit preferred her demands ; And Doubt plead her case, and her sister — Despondency— folded her hands. Then Faith, volunteered for the rescue ; And Truth, brought her logic to bear ; And Will, stood opposed to temptation And Confidence, banished Despair. Now, freed from the slavery of passion, And cleansed from the virus of wrong, I dwell in a region of gladness, The home of a purified throng. Remote from the halls of the mighty, Remote from the dungeons of crime, In a life all unknown to the millions Whose joys, depend not upon Time. They soar as the flight of the eagle, As free as the wind o'er the wave, In a spiritual joy and gladness, That, knows neither death nor the grave. And here, as the seasons pass o'er me, With light ever beaming anew, I feel, ever nearer and nearer, Approaching, the pure and the true. Each day has its discipline for me, Some new, pleasing lesson to give, Thus duty is found to be pleasure — The pleasure of learning to live — Thus upward and onward forever The soul in its infinite way, Has still an eternal to-morrow, For righting the wrongs of to-day. Thus life becomes joyous endeavor, And Time and Eternity one ; The soul cries, in transports of gladness, Thy will, oh, my Parents, is done. Thy gospel is preached to the nations, Thy peace is established on Earth ; And souls are made heirs of salvation, Joint heirs, in the holy, new birth. North Union, 0.