IDEAL AND REAL ELVA F. COLLINS Too many in this day of fictitious literature, sham, policies, theologies, and spurious imitations of genuine thought, religion and truth from cultivated, or inherent abnormal cravings, and tastes—tend to soar away on airy clouds, fabricated or imaginary poetry, sentimental music, fanciful and romantic reading, or exhibit the fast and changeable disposition of the age, in the choice and manufacture of gay flimsy apparel that has neither substance nor durability. That this is the drift of the populace, as well as the higher classes is generally admitted, even by those engaged in the same, who acknowledge themselves bound one by another in conformity to fashion. To certain classes the fleecy cloud sailing in azure sky, the crystal dewdrop on the flower, or blade reflecting the dazzle of the sun, or the blended hues of the pearly sea shell—and hundreds of other beauties in nature—create in the mind a spell of en- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 151 chantment; causing a vague longing for something that is ever beyond the grasp, a dreamy 3*earniug' to be a cloud, a bird, a dewdrop, or any thing other than a human being destined to the struggles, disappointed hopes, fleeting joys and lingering sorrows of life, founded more upon ideality than reality. To another class all the beautiful features of creation impress the mind with the sublimity of their creator, whose grander and nobler handiwork these but symbolize. Thus it is in all science andart,umusicand literature, theory and practice ; the choice or acceptance of either, indicates the character of a person. Music is possessed of a language, deeper than words can express ! The operatic, sentimental, martial, profane, or vulgar, pensive or funereal, or the harmonious strains of praise, worship, thanksgiving, religious or ecstatic, all find their fountains in the hearts of the varied characters, combined in the human family, having power over the listener to exalt or debase, and a corresponding application may be made to every toil or pleasure pursued by mankind. False airs and superficialness in society are disgusting to those seeking friendship that has warmth of soul, and fidelity of purpose ; or a social relationship with those whose honest aims would lead them to benefit others, by sowing such seed by the wayside as they would joy to see harvested by other hands when they scan earth with immortal eyes. But how many float upon the surface of popular opinion, hoping to conceal from public view the sandy foundation upon which their house rests ; and which must crumble away in remorse and chagrin when the tempest of. retributive justice sweeps over them with its rude blast. The infinitude of God's provisions for our happiness may not all be counted among the more attractive pursuits of the intellectual mind, the fruit of all hand labor is the true service of God. The restless distaste in any one for a continued routine of monotonous employ proves that we were designed to have all our faculties brought into use, which should develop the soul for the future, and the body for use while in time. Let the student's or musician's weary brain, the sculptor's, artist's, or penman's hand, and all engaged in the multifarious occupations that strain mental, and nerve tissue, be relieved by an intermission of hearty, physical labor, and both will be better appreciated by the performer. While we render thanks for every good gift shared in its turn, may we not pray in earnest for the day to hasten when the false and fictitious, leading so many over the road of foolish search for the unreal, will teach all that nothing will abide but the real labor of charity and benevolence bestowed on the needy ? To shrink from the practical duties of life does not sweeten the enjoyment of pastime pleasures. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.