Editorial SHAKER LEAVEN It is a fact, observed by multitudes, that there never was a period of time when the .principles of Shakerism Avere more attractive than now. There never was a Lime when the lives which all good Shakers live were less bug-bears, or had so little hindrance of 'the lions in the way' as at present. People are getting sufficiently liberal to read of the Shakers. By reading, they realize that there is reason in their peculiar principles, for Shakers, at least, to live them out and preach them. The interest which so many are taking, in keeping themselves informed as to what Shakerism teaches, is the first step toward beinginstructed by them, and converted to them! To be sure, the light which Shaker principles let in to any soul, dissipates the dark problems which early educations have caused us to exhibit a very cherished regard for, even if these are most untrue. One measure of Shaker theology will, with a little careful interest, leaven the whole lump to a Shaker line of thought, and to a Shaker's line of life. To tne sensualist, whose heaven is in the engagements of the lusts of the flesh and of the world's pleasures, Shaker leaven is as safe and agreeable as a heavy charge of nitroglycerine ignited; and, viewing it as such, a, safe distance is attempted, with slurs and sneers, with perhaps vituperative ridicule cast from the distance. Time was, when many so engaged, and found hearers and imitators — when Shakers were worthy only of the words ridicule and disgust. Not so now; the first and best of the citizens of the world are conversant with Shaker polity, and have the largest respect for the lives of those who live after the doctrine! And distance does not make a place of safety for the sensualist! Somehow, in God's appointed way, the leaven reaches such, willing or unwilling though they be, and brings them into deep waters of trouble, while it makes plentiful the exclamations of thousands'— friends and enemies alike — 'this was the life of Jesus, the Christ!' Redemtion comes by Tribulation. We know of none who can take the credit of the distribution of Shaker doctrine to the extent it now circulates. Surely, while many have preached it, and written its truths abundantly, large credit is due to those who, living so quietly secluded from the world's clamor and pleasures, in Shaker homes at duty, have none the less been powerful in influence to the conviction of many souls. When we think how vastlv different 160 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. are present creeds from olden, ' orthodox ' opinions: regarding the 'Atonement ;' ' Physical Resurrection ; ' ' Heaven and Hell;' with a stubborn belief substituting a pure and honest life; and when we find professors of the Christian religion, questioning whether Marriage and Reproduction, Private Property, War and Political Issues, with the selfish run of life permitted, and encouraged by the churches, are as Christian in themselves and results, as were the Master's life and teachings, and the lives of those who did follow Him, then sit down, thank God for the change for the expressed doubts; for the blessed results of reason upon a humanity destined for heaven; for the finger of God that has pointed, and still points, '''the way, the truth and the life' of Jesus Christ, as credentials and passports to a place in the heavens, for those who have followed Him in life. Let us thank God for the leaven of Shakerism. For it has, at least, opened the eyes of all who will see, and determined for them that if they hopefully expect to enter heaven, where saints are living so nearly as the Shakers do here, they had better commence the practices of Virgin Celibacy, Peace, and a United Inheritance without delay. NOTES This Number. — We present in this issue of The Manifesto many valuable contributions, for those capable of thoughtful engagements. Few but will be struck by the tone of the spiritual thunderbolt among antichristian 'orthodoxies' found in 'The World a Stage, etc.,' by Elder Evans. The ' Correspondence ' department suggests several ideas — among others, one in which we fully coincide—that on the temperance subject, demanding as a cure for inebriates a radical, physiological change of habits. Let those who question this conclusion, get Elder F. W. Evans' opinions upon it. The balance of the department represents some very important and kindly queries and answers. 'Catholicism'. is almost severe; but it will do good to have the Shaker idea understood. ' The Philosophy of Shakerism,'— we almost need to apologize for its plainness— shows that well-regulated relations of Marriage are 'not far from the kingdom of' Shakerism! Let those who will to marry, keep the laws of nature, and they will choose Shaker life in preference to the onerous, yet righteous rules of reproduction. Let every one who breathes, study Respiration; and likewise remember that these views, the results of experience, come from a Shaker girl, whose sweet poetry and song, education and training have all come from the Shakers. ' Return of the Wandered,' sequel to ' The Ways of the Wanderer,' is an especially pretty contribution; and speaks so truly and feelingly the real truth of so many lives as turn from self and self-indulgence, to the self-sacrificing, life-example of Jesus, the Christ. u Saviours ' is a valuable theme, and happily rendered by our first novitiate Eldress. ' The Real and Ideal' speaks much of truth to us. What a pretty spirit pervades 'the Indian poem ! The original poetry is pretty THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 161 and means something every time. Oar music for July will sing its own praise, and it is worthy of its accomplished author. On the whole, may it not be called a Banner No. ? Church and State Union There has not been such a violation of human rights enacted, since the days of the Inquisition, as the trial of D. M. Bennett, of the Truth Meeker, exhibited. Every feature, that would aid in presenting a favorable appearance to his 'fault,' was ruled out by a United States judge, in the interest of the churchal party. The ' fault' was in mailing a copy of a pamphlet, containing testimony so plain and strong against sexual immoralities and abuses, though, in our opinion, advocating other errors as a reform, that the persecutors of Bennett, dubbing it ' obscene,' moved heaven and earth to secure a verdict of guilty. Shakers do not fellowship the freelove principles of ' Cupid's Yokes,' nor do they fellowship the infidelity of ' The Truth Seeker,' while we protest against the inconsistency of Bennett's trial. Under such ruling, by judicial inconsistency, the Bible, Shaker books and pamphlets, and thousands of others, are obscene and unmailable. The testimony of Jesus cannot, according to such erroneous decisions, circulate through the mails. So terribly in earnest appears the church, in its determination to rule the state, that gags for those who dare to preach Christ, may not be only things of the past. We pray the President to interfere, and pardon Bennett, thus offering a protest to clerical domination, judicial inconsistency, and Comestock persecution. Courtesy We are deeply moved at the very courteous treatment received at the hands of our Spiritualistic Contemporaries, The R. P. Journal, Banner of Light and Texas Spiritualist. These journals seem not to tire in quoting from our columns with credit; and have so many good words to say about us, that we feel under many obligations to them, which we do not know how to cancel. The secular press deserves a large share of gratitude from us, for only kindly mention and encouragement. And while we receive the silent courtesy of the various Church organs, with now and then a shy observation, we are ever grateful for the courteous treatment. The Am. Socialist has many, and only good words for us. The Old Faith and the New The God of Israel was to them a bloody God. The blood of beasts, birds and human beings their God demanded of them, or they thought he did, and they obeyed. Paul, in trying to harmonize the old, bloody faith, with the gospel of the new dispensation, engrafted the bloody atonement doctrine upon Christianity, making a falsity of it. As a consequence, those who cling to the old faith in confidence, think God a bloody being, who even murdered, or permitted the murder of his own Son, as an off set for sins committed by others. It is a sorrowful truth that in this late day of unusual intelligence, Christians should not see and believe, universally, that the only atonement demanded by, or accepted of God, is to renounce a sinful life and go and sin no more. This is the new faith. 162 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Let the people accept the new faith ; rejecting the necessity of shedding the blood of Jesus, or the blood of any animal or bird, and return to God by following the life of Jesus, the Christ; or 'follow Paul, as lie fulloivcd Christ,' and rejecting all permissions of anybody to live differently than did Jesus, thus find an at-one-ment with God. The letter from the wife of Freeman (who believing in a bloody God, murdered his child, as he thought by God's direction), tells a sad story. There is great source for gratification to reason, that the people are losingfaith in such a bloody God, else we should have abundant repetitions of deeds like Freeman's. Still there are some, who still demand for themselves a bloody God to worship, and such should be watched as idiots or lunatics. Freeman, according to his wife's description, was too good a man for such a God as he believed in.