RESPIRATION MARTHA J. ANDERSON One of the many important functions performed by the vital organs of the human system is that of respiration. Much has been wisely said concerning the necessity of breathing pure air, of keeping well-ventilated houses, and of removing the causes which infect the atmosphere with foul and poisonous vapors ; while as yet comparatively little attention has been given to the subject of lung development. It is true that many eminent vocalists by correct culture and persevering effort, have attained grand results in this direction; but it should not exclusively belong to a thorough musical training ; the masses need more light, and practical knowledge on this subject. To learn how to breathe is the grand acme of success in attaining perfect health. With feeble lung power there is a correspondingly weak circulation, and vitalization of the blood; consequently a general debility of the whole system. Those who breathe superficially, often clamor for copious draughts of air, when their contracted lungs are not capable of utilizing a pint of the same ; while the deep breather feels perfectly comfortable, because in the enjoyment of the equilibrium of organic forces. Personsof weak constitution or sedentary habit naturally incline to bend forward, and unless great care is taken the shoulders become permanently rounded, the chest narrow, and the lungs compressed, making them an easy prey to disease. One needs to understand the construction of the breathing apparatus and the relation its healthful action bears to the whole animal mechanism, in order to comprehend the proper method of development. The organs of respiration lie within the thorax or chest; they are connected with the trachea or windpipe, the ramifications of which are called bronchial tubes ; these, branching off into an infinite multitude, finally terminate in small cells ; millions of them form the ' soft and elastic' substance of the lungs, which are capable of great dilation or compression.' They are divided into five parts called lobes, three of which lie on the right and two on the left of the thoracic cavity. Each of the myriad vesicles forms a cap or terminus of some small blood vessel, thousands of which course their way over and through the transparent membrane which forms the delicate covering of the lungs. Through all these veins and arteries—some of which are finer than a hair—the entire blood of the system passes, and meets with a chemical change. How necessary then that the lungs should be expanded to their uttermost capacity, that every minute compartment may receive its due quantity of oxygen, which, coming in contact with the venous blood, converts its dark hue to bright vermillion, when the arteries take it up and convey it with its life-giving properties to every part of the frame. For healthful chest conditions, begin with sensible treatment of the throat—the doorway to the lungs—this, even externally, should be dealt with properly, allowing no undue wrapping thereon. Even in the coldest weather an unnatural heat created on the surface, makes the internal membranes tender, and superinduces sensitiveness and disease in the glands and laryngeal cavity. Experience has taught many that 146 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. to toughen the throat is to strengthen the lungs. A cold water bath, followed by brisk rubbing, every morning, has proved efficacious in the process. Next, an erect carriage of the body, with the shoulders well thrown back, wards off predisposition to pulmonic weakness, and certainly adds to personal grace and dignity. ' God made man upright ' in more than one meaning of the word, and it is only in violation of moral and physiological law, that he stoops to lower conditions of body and mind. Let it be well understood that the chest may be enlarged many degrees by muscular exercise, and at the same time the lungs be dwarfed within. Their size and power is only increased by deep breathing. The most powerful muscle of respiration is the diaphragm ; to learn its use is to acquire a mighty force for the inhalation and exhalation of the air; a strength that gives the voice its volume and endurance ; and, when the mucous membrane is in ahealthful condition, it increases its pui-e resonant tone. Without a knowledge of its use, the strain and vocal pressure comes on the muscles of the throat and larynx, which soon become diseased or disabled. This is why so many voices fail or lose their musical tone at an early age. Let our system of ventilation be better studied and scientifically arranged—as it is now in a few of our buildings—that good and not evil may result, as is frequently the case, from counter currents of cold or damp air, blowing directly on any part of the body, especially on the back of the head or neck. When fully immersed in the out-door atmosphere, it will benefit all to take full deep inspirations, with elevated chest, until by expansion, we can feel that every portion of our lungs is inflated with the pressure of the air. If there was better lung development there would be less consumption, dyspepsia, and their many attendant evils, which afflict humanity and perplex the doctors. Let every young person take particular notice of how they breathe, as well as what they breathe, and most of them will find themselves quite deficient in the effort and the art. All may improve with a little thought and a great deal of exertion. In the course of one year, by regular practice, good results may be wrought, the effects of which will be a general improvement of health. Mount Lebanon N. Y..