The Children's Grotto ESQUAH OPWAHGON OR MESSAGES BEYOND THE RIVER GRANVILLE T. SPROAT The Indians, as death approaches one of their number, gather around him, in a circle in the wigwam, to take with him the last smoke (esguah opioahgon), before his departure to the Land of Souls. They also send messages of love to their friends waiting for them on the other side of the river, as described in the following lines : We have gathered in your wigwam, brother The old friends and the true. We have brought with us the pipe of peace, The last to smoke with you, Here is Manitoba, brave and strong, And Ahkewazine old ; And Oristoonah of the hills, The hunter swift and bold. The sun is setting in the west, The forest paths grow dim ; The wishtonwish among the pines, 1 Sings its low, dirge-like hymn. Your sun is setting too, brother, The day is almost o'er ; And long the journey that you tread, Toward the dark river's shore. Long is the journey dark and drear, O'er mountain, hill and moor, Across the distant prairie, where The restless waters roar. 2. We will build the watch fire bright and high, 3 To light you on your way ; Lest in that land of night and gloom, Your weary feet should stray. And when you reach the roaring river, 4 Fear not the pole to tread; For braver heart ne'er traveled there, Among the glorious dead. Our loved ones wait to meet you there, The faithful and the true. Oh\ long and lovingly they have watched, And waited there for you. And when you reach the Camp of Souls — Home of the loved — the dead, Oh ! treasure us within your heart, Who soon that path must tread ! Walk often by the river's shore, And watch upon the strand, For us, who soon must cross the flood, To reach the Spirit Land. 5. %\xz m,ll THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 163 Tell Miontonomo, the good. His children love to hear, And treasure up the name they love, With reverence and fear; Tell Kejemindedo, the brave.. The warriors sing his praise ; There is none so fearless or so bold, In all the after days. Tell Magwahgahbundah, the wise, The tribes with pride repeat The words of wisdom that they heard, While sitting at his feet. Tell the great healer, Muskoda, His skill and mystic lore Still ring in songs through all the land, By every wigwam door. We will lay within your narrow cell, Brave store of all that's sweet, Fruits of the chase, and moccasins To clothe your way-worn feet; Water from the purest mountain rills, To cheer you on your way ; And bow and spear for the hunter's hand, And chieftain's war plumes gay. 6 And now the sun has set, brother, Your journey just begun ; We dress you in the paint of death. 7 Tour earthly work is done. Farewell, farewell ! we utter it With brave hearts, one and all, Farewell! 'tis the Death Spirit calls—8 Brother attend his call. 1. The whippoorwill. The Indians describe it as always hovering round the wigwam when the spirit is departing, and giving warning of some one soon going on his journey to the Land of Souls. 2. This prairie is described by the Indians as very dark and gloomy, without the light of the sun or moon, and the trail across it is very narrow, winding among shrubs and long grass, and clumps of the prickly cactus, which wounds the feet of the traveler who is not well shod and prepared for the journey. He also sometimes loses his way, and wanders about in the dark for many days with nothing to eat. This, however, only happens to the cowardly and unfaithful ones, who did not their duty in this world, and whose feet staggered long before they set out on their last and perilous journey. 3. The Indians keep a fire burning three days and nights on the graves of their friends, to light them on their way over the dark prairie. 4. This river is situated beyond the great prairie over which the spirit passes on its journey to the Land of Souls. It is very deep and rapid and abounds with whirlpools. A pole lies stretched across it, floating and swaying with a swift currrent, the good In dian walks over securely supported by his Manito, or guardian spirit. The bad. one hardly keeps his footing, and often falls off into the river, where he struggles for a long time in the water, until rescued by some friendly spirit. 5. The spirit, after crossing the river, cannot enter the Camp of Souls, till some one of its former friends comes out to welcome it and invite it in. Hence they charge their dying friends not to forget them, but to be always on the look out for them who are so soon to follow them over the prairie and across the river. 6. The Indians lay within the graves of their friends, abundant provisions for the journey. They also lay their bows and arrows beside them. This they do lest they should lose their way over the prairie and their provisions should fail, and they would have to subsist many days by hunting the few wild beasts that roam over its dark and desolate domains. 7. The Indians paint their friends with, the paint of death before they leave them— the face half black, half white. This they do that their former friends may know, when they meet them over the river, that they departed with the love and veneration of those whom they have left behind them, who thus performed for them the last kind offices for the dead. 8. Death (neboit) is a spirit that comes and steals away the breath. It belongs tc a large class of lesser evil spirits, all subject to Manche Manito, the Great Evil Spirit. Canaan, N. Y. WANTED, A BOY! A tradesman once advertised in the morning papers for a boy to work in the shop, run errands, and make himself generally useful. In a few hours the shop was thronged with boys of all ages, sizes, sorts and conditions, all wanting to find a situation. The shopkeeper only wanted one boy, but how to get the right one was the great difficulty. He thought he must find some plan to lessen the number of applicants, and give him a better opportunity of selecting a good one. So he sent them a^away, and thought the matter over a little. The next morning the papers contained the following advertisement : ' WANTED, A BOY WHO OBEYS HIS MOTHER !' Now, then, thought the tradesman, I shall 164 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. see soon who will apply. He also put up a bill in his window with these words on. And how many do you suppose did come '? The story is that there were only two of all the numerous boys seeking employment in that big city who felt that they could honestly come and say, ' 1 obey my mother.' The crowd of lads was indeed quickly thinned out most effectually, and the tradesman had not much trouble in selecting a boy. Such boys as these — boys that obey their mothers —are in great demand. My little boy, if you saw an advertisement for such a boy, could you truthfully go and offer yourself for the situation ? If not, I fear there is something wrong about you. Look to the matter; seek the Lord's salvation; be an obedient son, and God will bless you.—Children's Friend. A little girl once said, 'Grandma, only little children tell stories... A little girl once said, ' Grandma, only little children tell stories. Big people only make mistakes, but it sounds to me very like stories sometimes.' A little fellow, on going for the first time to church... A little fellow, on going for the first time to church where the pews were very high, was asked, on coming out, what he did in the church, when he replied, ' I went into a cupboard and took a seat on a shelf.' A little girl who was somewhat out of sorts... A little girl who was somewhat out of sorts, but whose exact ailment no one had been able to discover, amended her evening prayer of 'God bless papa and mamma,' by adding ' and cure me if there's any thing the matter with me.'