FOR THE INTEMPERATE—IS THIS A TRUTH S. F. C. Editor Manifesto: I was pleased to read Mr. Grosvenor's theory for the treatment of inebriety published in the June edition of the Manifesto, but while I fully concur with him in regard to the efficiency of moral suasion, and the benefits arising from sympathetic reasoning with persons just entering the downward course, I have little faith in the application of this doctrine to chronic cases of inebriety, and much less when considered as a healing power for dipsomania. It would be just as reasonable to expect a consumptive person to cease coughing or expectorating because he had made promises to that effect. As well ask the wind to cease blowing, as to ask the dipsomaniac to immediately abandon stimulants without being controlled and treated medicinally, although medicine alone will never effect a cure. This language is strong, but the experience of myself and others will bear me out in these assertions. Dr. Albert Day, superintendent of the Washingtonian Home, 41 Waltham St., Boston, has treated nearly 7,000 cases of inebriety, and is justly considered authority on the subject. From his last annual report I make the following extract in support of my statements: ' For forty years I have been an observer and participant in the temperance reform in its various periodical phases. It has sometimes taken on a political form, then a religious tone ; but I can safely say that any movement to check drunkenness which does not include entire physiological rest to each case, is devoid of all elements of success. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 159 I am so confirmed in this view that I do not hesitate to say that I know of no individual case of inebriety that has been cured in any other way than from the basis indicated. The direct path to inebriety is a pathological one, and when this point is reached the whole condition is one of disease. Hence, the return to perfect sobriety must be physiological. All healthful conditions must be observed, and the path which leads up to true reform, or cure, can only be pursued by strict conformity to the laws of health.' Any thing that assists in ameliorating the condition of the intemperate is a blessing, but there is a difference between drunkenness and inebriety that perhaps Mr. Grosvenor does not recognize.