I see by your last Saturday's paper that a Catholic is after Eads but... I see by your last Saturday's paper that a Catholic is after Eads. but, like Burns' de'il, ' he comes incog.' Such hardly deserve respectful notice. They are like the savage, who, fearing to meet his antagonist, prefers to fight with his own carcass behind a tree. But, as there is a serious vein running through his review, I will make an effort to find him. His first charge is that Eads ''does not state the Catholic doctrine, but quite the contrary.' He should have added the words, ' as I understand it.' It would take a brain of greater caliber than either his or mine to state the doctrine as all understand it. He cites me to Epiphaneus and others, with whom I am somewhat familiar. It is a little singular, however, that he should especially name Epiphaneus, as he was one of the first to throw cold water on the ' heavenly mystery ' so strongly and feelingly contended for. In the earliest days of the Judaizing Christians, they believed that among the score of gospels that were written the Hebrew text of St. Matthew was the most authentic and reliable account of the doings and sayings of Jesus and His apostles. Of this, Epiphaneus says, it did not contain the two first chapters that were afterward found in the Greek copy concerning the miraculous conception and slaughter of infants in Bethlehem, but that it, the Hebrew copy, began at Jesus' baptism, at which point the oldest of the Greek copies now extant also begins. This plainly shows that this story was an after interpolation in St. Matthew's gospel, put into the Greek copy for the purpose of proselyting the Gentiles. No one can read carefully the history of the Church without realizing the fact that it blows both hot and cold to suit conditions. In fact, one of the chapters in the Fathers' writings is headed: 'How Par We May be Justified in Lying for the Benefit of the Church.' I brought no charges against the Fathers, but against the present generation. Still there is enough at- hand against them to damn a nation. The most senseless wranglings, strifes, contentions, as it were, about nothing ; cruel and bloody wars among themselves, even drenching in blood the sepulcher of Christ on account of a little difference of opinion about two natures in him, venting the most relentless fury upon others; racks, tortures, dungeons, fagots and flames, all _ie at the door of the Church unatoned for, and even to-day we have evidence of latent fire beneath her smouldering embers. But I am happy to say there has been great improvement upon old conditions. But 'tis best sometimes to look back at the ' hole of the pit from whence we were digged,' lest we become too proud. My reviewer speaks gravely of the ' heavenly mystery accomplished in Mary.' If it was heavenly why had she to go to the priest, confess and offer up her little turtle doves ? But of miracles I feel a leaning toward a certain French writer (M. Littre), who says : 'An experience which nothing has ever occurred to contradict has taught that every miraculous story had its origin in vivid imagination, in complaisant credulity, in ignorance of natural laws. With all the research that has been made, no miracle has ever been wrought where it could be proved.' But this of Mary, I think, was design, and might come under the head of ' lying for the benefit of ttie church.' Now, a heavenly thing needs neither mystery, confession nor sacrifice. There is a way in which every thing is done, and when that is learned the mystery ceases. But there is no mystery attending the manner in which Mary conceived, heavenly or otherwise. One would find it much more difficult to state precisely how a prestidigatator could get a good sized potato in his nose and take it out again in the presence of many witnesses than it would be to tell how Mary conceived. I have yet to learn what benefit a mystery can be to any one. I am somewhat familiar with my reviewer's quotations, which are correct, and he is right in saying volumes could be filled with quotations, and he might have added that many contradictions could also be found. But as he gives me a friendly caution not to bear false witness against my neighbor, it becomes my duty either to substantiate or withdraw my charges. In doing this I must take my reviewer back to the first thing that had the tendency to fasten the quadruple god-head in my mind. It seems that the head of the Church, Pope Pio Nino, nearly a quarter of a century ago, had some misgivings about the possibility of Christ being immaculate, while his mother was tainted ; and, from the conclusion to which he arrived he must have reasoned after the following manner : First—An immaculate being could not come from a maculate mother. Second—But Jesus was immaculate. Third—Mary was the mother of Jesus. Ergo, Mary was immaculate. Thinking the logic sound and irrefutable he summoned a council at Rome to ratify it. Had Pope Pius only taken the second thought, and the true one, that it was possible for the maculate to become immaculate, he might have been saved all the trouble and expense of the assembling of that council, THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 153 and have kept truth on his side. But it was ratified, the Papal bull issued, and all who would not acknowledge it were accounted heretics. But he failed to tell us how Mary came to be immaculate and free from taint. His bull did not make her so. He seemed not to know that it would have been just as easy to have declared Jesus to be free from taint, while Mary was not, as to declare Mary to be free while her parents were not. If a little taint in Mary would have tainted Jesus, a little taint in Mary's parents would have tainted her, the bull to the contrary notwithstanding. So the Pope's declaration was as unnecessary as it was untrue. A lie believed by the whole world does not make it truth. But the whole Catholic Church, with a few honorable exceptions, raised the right hand and said true ! true! 0 holy Father! So the Church has one more lie to defend than it had before. Why did not some of the famous councils think of this ruse to get Mary free from taint Cakya Mouni, a great reformer, whose existence is not doubted, is said to have come into theworld without taint. Could Mary have been traced to him, the announcement of her purity would not have been surprising. The ' heavenly mystery' attending his entrance into the world is thus stated: 'He was conceived without stain, born painlessly at the foot of a tree—welcomed at his birth by holy personages—was tempted by the devil—surrounded himself with disciples, and performed miracles without number,' etc. I cannot prove it, but I have little doubt but what the two added chapters containing the ' heavenly mystery ' had their origin here. It was a marvel to me at the time of Pio's council, while he was stealthily getting Mary into the God-head, that even my good and. intelligent friend, Bishop Purcell, of Cincinnati, could not see that Mary could no more be free from taint while her parents were tainted than that Jesus could be free while Mary was tainted. The declaration of the Pope aforesaid, that she was free, did not make her so. Thus my good reviewing Catholic, the Pope lied, and you are compelled to say you believe the lie, on pain of being counted heretical, if not of being excommunicated. Although the Pope did not issue a papal bull declarative of the fact, still this was equal to such declaration, as she was made immaculate and equal with the Son ; and why not, since she was the mother of God ? The mother of God certainly has a right to be one of the God family ; and Pio Nino had with his council as much right to install Mary as the Nicene Council had to install the Son, or that of Constantinople had to include the Holy Ghost. But I have evidence from the very hot-bed of the Church corroborating the view I took of the matter John Ernest Renan, a born Catholic, and an able and truthful defender, says in his Relig. Hist, and Criticism, page 223 : '' St. Peter, a fisherman of Galilee, has ruled the world for a thousand years ; Mary, a humble woman of Nazareth, has ascended through successive and continually enhancing hyperbole of generations till she also reached the bosom of the Trinity! Nevertheless, we say it boldly, it is never chance that singles out an individual to be idealized.' And further, pp. 334 and 335 : ' On what has the meditation of Christian piety, the imagination of enthusiasts, preferred to exercise itself V Is it on the Trinity, on the Holy Spirit, on the controversial dogmas which are received as sealed formulas ? No ; it is on the little child, Santo Bambino^ in his manger. * * It is on Mary. Mary has sufficed to satisfy the craving for love in ten centuries of ascetics ; Mary has entered by full title into the Trinity. (Italics mine.) She far excels that third forgotten person, the Holy Spirit, with neither lovers nor adorers. She completes the divine family,for it would have been a marvel if the feminine element, in its triumph, had not succeeded in reaching even the bosom of God, and between the Father and Son introducing the mother.' Thus making Mary the wife of God No. 1, and the Holy Spirit the wife of God No. 2, all in keeping with the lower-floor church practices. If the councils of Nice and Constantinople had only had Pio there to introduce Mary, it would have prevented weeks of squabbling about the sex of the Holy Spirit and whose wife she should be. They had no alternative but to change her to the masculine gender. Now they can give back her gender, as God No. 1 is supplied. But Renan goes further. He says : ' By its varied mysteries, and especially by its worship of the Virgin and the saints, Catholicism meets the need of outward demonstration and of plastic art which is so strong in the south of Europe.' (R. Hist., p. 316.) I would now ask whom should I believe—one without a name who denies the Godship of Mary and the worship of the saints, or a man of uncommon ability, who publishes a book and gives his name to the world and risks his honor for veracity and truth. On which side does the greatest amount of evidence lie ? Who now is the false witness ? I plead justification for my declaration on the grounds above stated. Nay, my good Catholic, acknowledge your mistake or give us your name. I can but admire the ingenuity of Pope Pio, even though it detract from his truthfulness. I cannot think it possible that so enlightened and able a writer as Renan, and one so well posted in Catholicism, can be mistaken. He could have no cause to misrepresent anything he seemed to love so well, and since he is so open and above-board, I am bound to believe he has told us the truth. My reviewer says he 154 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. ' fails to see wherein it concerns the ' lowerfloor churches'—the question of two infinite beings.' It should have occurred to him that the question was intended only for those who differed from him in not believing that God made the devil, but that he was a selfexistence independent of God. Their name is legion who so believe both in and out of his Church. The postulate of my friend that God had created Spirit Angels in the spirit world previous to the formation of this, who turned into devils and whose captain through his wiles (by the assistance of a snake), accomplished the fall of Adam and Eve, stands greatly in need of proof. If the devil and his angels could not have accomplished it without the assistance of a snake three, six or twenty feet long, the whole host of them are not very dangerous. I must, before closing, return my thanks to ' Catholic ' for his suggestion to consult those two primers and the children's catechism in order to become fully posted in regard to the faith and belief of the Church, so that I may not hereafter be liable to the charge of bearingfalse witness against my neighbor.