THE WORLD A STAGE, THE SHAKERS THE SPECTATORS Elder Evans Critical Comments on the Above. That is the way we view it. The passing panorama of national and political events and the ever shifting scenes in the mental and spiritual atmosphere of humanity are, to us, matters of intense interest. Abstract ideas are of immense importance to a people. If 'as a man thinketh, so is he,1' will not a nation's practical life, sooner or later, be the exponent — the outcome — of its abstract ideas? A short time ago Hell was enacted on the world's stage. The getting up was elaborate, the scenes grand, the acting exciting to the last degree. The characters were editors, priests, lawyers, with pope, cardinals and the holy inquisition in the background. God is logical and so are his ministers. As Mary of England remarked when rebuked for her religious zeal in torturing heretics, ' Is it any more cruel for me to subject the mortal body to exquisite pain for a short time, than it will be for God to cast their souls into hell-fire for an endless eternity. I afflict them temporarily to cause repentance by which they may be saved from afflictions infinite in extent and infinite in duration.' Is not that logical, and is it not the basis of all religious persecution ? Prom the abstract idea that God punishes sinners in doing like Him, they think they do both God and humanity good service. Thus are their tender mercies cruel. Should people who have been exhausting resources of theology and science to raise the devil — incarnate him — make a great ado over him when they have been successful ? 147 148 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. In people, who believe the God of the Hebrews was the Deity, the foundation is laid, the seed is sown for all that flows logically from that premise. Is it not the very essence of religion to make them worshipers like their God ? Did Freeman do any more than any orthodox would do; were they not made-believers, but genuine believers, like Miller, Moody and Freeman? Awake to righteousness and sin not. If the God of Abraham was the Deity, and he had a right to do what we know was absolutely wrong — order Abraham to sacrifice Isaac, and then substitute a lamb for him—why could he not order Freeman to sacrifice his five-year old child to him ? The clergy have been teaching Freeman, all his life, that all dead bodies can and will be raised to life again — why should he not believe them ? They have been teaching him the doctrine of human sacrifice as lying at the very foundation of Christianity. He believed and acted upon the belief—If God killed his own and only begotten Son, why should not Freeman kill his daughter ? The wild fowl come home to roost! 0, consistency, art thou not a jewel!! Did not the God of Abraham order his descendants to sacrifice unto him whole nations of living, breathing, human beings, and then curse them for letting their humanity overcome their theology ? Would Comstock, as agent of Orthodoxy, shrink from the consequences of logical deduction from his premises ? Is not society resting quietly on a bed of Orthodox dynamite ? A little more concussion than Kiddle's book is creating, and some bolder man than Moody or Comstock will rise up, and declare that the eternal salvation of one human soul from eternal hell is of more importance than the freedom of person, press and conscience, in all the States of our Union ! Crush out the 'Truth Seeker,' imprison Bennett,ostracize Kiddle, and we shall have the peace of Warsaw — the calm quiet (if the vaults are deep enough and the walls are thick enough to deaden the cries and groans, and absorb the blood of the victims,) of the ' Holy Inquisition ! ! ' We have got the Tombs now. There is no peace for the wicked, nor for those who believe in wicked principles. There is, to-day, no safety to any man nor woman in America, but in eternal vigilance and eternal truth and j ustice. If all of human beings born, or to be born, could not be saved except by murder — the murder of their own Creator — if the atoning blood of innocence must be shed for the wicked, I would take my fate into my own hands and denounce the whole system of Orthodox theology, with all its wars, fightings and blood-sheddings, whether for food or fury — its physical resurrection, land monopoly, chattel and wages slavery, including sex slavery — its horrible assumption of power over human belief, or unbelief. Let all parties unite to carry out the American idea of a purely secular government that shall protect each man and woman in the pursuit of happiness, so long as each assumes no unjust powers over other men and women. Let each be his or her own standard of Orthodoxy. Secure to the Atheist the same rights as to the Trinitarian, Deist or Polytheist, and let the play go on — the Shakers are the spectators.