Agricultural It is the opinion of the best farmers that potatoes... It is the opinion of the best farmers that potatoes, if planted five inches deep, are better without hilling. Keep only Good Stock Get the best and never keep a poor cow the second year. No man can afford to keep a cow that will not make from 200 to 220 pounds of butter or its equivalent in cheese every year. Coal Oil and Insects J. A. I discovered several years ago, if charcoal was soaked in coal oil, and a piece as large as a hickory nut was placed beside plants liable to be destroyed by worms, bugs or other insect pests, security was insured aganst their ravages so long as the odor of the oil was given off. I report this for what it is worth. , Atlanta, Ga. [Would not this practice banish vermin from hens' nests ?] Wherein Consists the Success of Farming Successful farming demands the breeding and rearing of farm animals of some kind, not only for daily products, meat, wool and increase, but for manure. Farmyard manure must always remain the standard fertilizer, while experience in this country has shown, that, under skillful hands, it may be supplemented by commercial fertil izers. It is claimed, however, by good English farmers, that many of the artificial fertilizers act chiefly as a stimulant, and after ^anxz gapits. 168 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. a time the land refuses to answer the spur. This is most apparent on the poor and lighter soils, but even strong land loses heart unless a fair proportion of farm-yard manure is applied. The loudest agricultural complaints in Great Britain are from districts where scientific farming has been carried to its highest pitch, such as the Scotch Lothians and in Norfolk. It is highly important that, in the purchase of artificial fertilizers, farmers should deal only with those houses of established reputation. Bowker ;gt Co. of Boston and New York i such a firm. Sulphur a Remedy for the Striped Bugs I have read of various remedies for this pest. The best remedy I have ever tried is sulphur. I have used it with success for the last three years. Dust the plants well with it. The best time is when the dew is on the young plants. No one need be afraid to put it on, for it will not injure the plants. It is also a good remedy to prevent insects from injuring young cabbage plants.—A Farmer, Vermillion Co., hid.