Correspondence SHAKERISM AMONG THE GREAT LIGHTS [The following letter came from one of the best minds of this age. As a writer, lecturer, and reasoner, he stands very prominent. The second letter of Bro. D. Frazer to him explains itself. This correspondence shows the drift of human thought.—Ed. S. M.] Daniel Frazer, Dear Sir : I have read with much pleasure and admiration the 'Divine Afflatus'... Daniel Frazer, Dear Sir : I have read with much pleasure and admiration the ' Divine Afflatus ; ' and by addressing Mr. John Whiteley learned your authorship of that remarkable pamphlet. As Shakerism appears to me one of the most successful of all attempts to realize the religion of Jesus Christ, I would be glad to see your plan more actively employed. The history of the Dual element of Shakerism appears to me (if correctly informed) very imperfectly elucidated as yet. I would also like to see it more distinctly set forth (if possible), that Shakers in adopting a life of celibacy as the highest ideal of religion do not condemn as necessarily wicked or impure the life of marriage pursued by sincere Christians. The assertion of necessary and inevitable sin, crime or impurity in marriage, is an attack upon the divine order or divine wisdom which places the parties in a false position. It is my impression that Shakers generally have fallen into that error, for which there seems to be no necessity, and which I am sure is not the sentiment of heaven. Yours cordially, New York City J. R. B. THE NEW CHURCH MOVEMENT D. FRASER Mount Lebanon, Columbia Co., N. Y., June 17, 1879. Respected Professor — Yours, inclosing a beautiful hymn came to hand. The facts relative to the history of the Pentecostal Church, as far as I can learn, are quite fragmentary. It existed about two hundred years. No doubt, in preserving the integrity of a virgin life, troubles had to be met. On a certain occasion, young widows were excluded, they ' waxing wanton' against one of the conditions of a divine life, ' would marry.' The rapid spread of Christian ideas and sentiments amid persecutions utterly precluded the possibility of gathering the numerous converts into the order of the Jewish Christian Church. Hence arose the Gentile-outercourt Church; its descendants constituted the present so-called Christian world. You have the honor to be seeking to introduce a higher, social and governmental life than Gentile Christianity has ever been able to afford. It is well to have a definite conception of what we wish to obtain, and how to bring about the end in view. Before the mani- 158 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. festation of the divine life in Jesus Christ, there were but two paths for humanity to walk in ; now, there are three : The first is, eat, irrespective of dietetic law, propagate, irrespective of times and seasons, and of providential laws. Use property and power to take advantage of the neighbor, irrespective of moral law and the happiness of individuals, or of society. In short, act as now do the so-called Christian world. Second path: Fulfill all moral, hygienic and providential laws. Eat and breathe, so as never to be sick, nor to communicate disease. Propagate so that the children will all come in genial weather. And when there is more population than can be cared for, cease propagating. Dress for use, and not for fashion. Have you a farm ? Love your neighbor as yourself, and help him to one. Is he shiftless? Be a father to him. The third way is: Live as Jesus Christ did; bring forth a form of social life, wherein the greatest are the servants; wherein there is neither rich nor poor; and where animal emotions are superseded by those of angelic life. The em.otional forces to whicli woman yields herself, and man sustains her in, determines the altitude of humanity. Ann Lee would not give place to the emotions of her lower selfhood; and was sustained therein by males correspondingly impressed. The result is a Virgin Church, having a civilization, of its own. The destiny of this church is to fulfill all the requirements of divine law. We are but in the morning of our day, yet by lowly, and unobtrusive instrumentalities, a wonderful work has been done. Those whose eyes have -been opened to perceive the force of divine, spiritual affinities, will know that the civilization of the heavens, creating an angelic form of human, social life, has been with us. If it is your wish to elevate society, and include the reproductive element, then the keystone of your social arch will be the enfranchisement of woman. At present, as in the past, her desire is to a husband, and, of course, he rules over her; and of necessity her conceptions are increased, and consequently there are physical, and social troubles in abundance. But if her preeminent desire is to fulfill procreative and auxiliary laws, as above indicated, then a new era can be introduced. Man cannot then rule, both being subject to law. Then use and the fitness of things, not lust, will be the rule. Freedom to change from one man or woman to another, is not enfranchisement I am happy in being your friend,