SHAKER LEAVEN It is a fact, observed by multitudes, that there never was a period of time when the .principles of Shakerism Avere more attractive than now. There never was a Lime when the lives which all good Shakers live were less bug-bears, or had so little hindrance of 'the lions in the way' as at present. People are getting sufficiently liberal to read of the Shakers. By reading, they realize that there is reason in their peculiar principles, for Shakers, at least, to live them out and preach them. The interest which so many are taking, in keeping themselves informed as to what Shakerism teaches, is the first step toward beinginstructed by them, and converted to them! To be sure, the light which Shaker principles let in to any soul, dissipates the dark problems which early educations have caused us to exhibit a very cherished regard for, even if these are most untrue. One measure of Shaker theology will, with a little careful interest, leaven the whole lump to a Shaker line of thought, and to a Shaker's line of life. To tne sensualist, whose heaven is in the engagements of the lusts of the flesh and of the world's pleasures, Shaker leaven is as safe and agreeable as a heavy charge of nitroglycerine ignited; and, viewing it as such, a, safe distance is attempted, with slurs and sneers, with perhaps vituperative ridicule cast from the distance. Time was, when many so engaged, and found hearers and imitators — when Shakers were worthy only of the words ridicule and disgust. Not so now; the first and best of the citizens of the world are conversant with Shaker polity, and have the largest respect for the lives of those who live after the doctrine! And distance does not make a place of safety for the sensualist! Somehow, in God's appointed way, the leaven reaches such, willing or unwilling though they be, and brings them into deep waters of trouble, while it makes plentiful the exclamations of thousands'— friends and enemies alike — 'this was the life of Jesus, the Christ!' Redemtion comes by Tribulation. We know of none who can take the credit of the distribution of Shaker doctrine to the extent it now circulates. Surely, while many have preached it, and written its truths abundantly, large credit is due to those who, living so quietly secluded from the world's clamor and pleasures, in Shaker homes at duty, have none the less been powerful in influence to the conviction of many souls. When we think how vastlv different 160 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. are present creeds from olden, ' orthodox ' opinions: regarding the 'Atonement ;' ' Physical Resurrection ; ' ' Heaven and Hell;' with a stubborn belief substituting a pure and honest life; and when we find professors of the Christian religion, questioning whether Marriage and Reproduction, Private Property, War and Political Issues, with the selfish run of life permitted, and encouraged by the churches, are as Christian in themselves and results, as were the Master's life and teachings, and the lives of those who did follow Him, then sit down, thank God for the change for the expressed doubts; for the blessed results of reason upon a humanity destined for heaven; for the finger of God that has pointed, and still points, '''the way, the truth and the life' of Jesus Christ, as credentials and passports to a place in the heavens, for those who have followed Him in life. Let us thank God for the leaven of Shakerism. For it has, at least, opened the eyes of all who will see, and determined for them that if they hopefully expect to enter heaven, where saints are living so nearly as the Shakers do here, they had better commence the practices of Virgin Celibacy, Peace, and a United Inheritance without delay.