Reply, Respected Professor... D. Fraser Mount Lebanon, N. Y., June 24, 1879 Respected Professor : Your kind favor came duly. One of the happy signs of the times is, that the life of our people ia being appreciated by yourself and by other leading minds. We have some reason to think that they are forming and leading public sentiment in the direction of a higher life than now commonly prevails. When such minds first feel the importance of, and bearings of the life we manifest, the exclamation is, ' Why do we not make ourselves more known ? ' We like that feeling and would rather encourage it. Our attitude to the propagative order is simply this : ' That which is animal is first, and afterward that which is divine.' Every thing in its order, but no mixing up, ' lest the rents be made worse.' For that degree of resurrection or 'Evolution,' out of the animal we have attained, and stand in the life and love thereof, is to us a rich treasure of many things. One of the outgrowths of the Divine life is property in common ; this springs up of itself ; does not need to be manufactured. And those who accept this life, even at the last hour, may be with all others equal possessors. Our example and teachings have done something, showing, as they do, that private property is not compatible with the Christ life. To buy and sell land, is to monopolize it ; and has done more to turn this world into a hell; to destroy the integrity of the propagative order; to induce prostitution, and to open the flood-gates of physical and moral maladies, than can be easily estimated. Of land, every person should have a share, subject to neither sale nor mortgage. I remember the case of a man who attended one of our meetings. After he came out he exclaimed : ' How insignificant my property seems to me ! ' Had he abode in this feeling, and engrafted it into his natural selfhood, the fruit would have been divine ; and in the process of ' Evolution,' would finally have superseded the whole growth of the animal man, even as a graft does a tree, if the sprouts are kept down. As long as the conventionalities of society run in the line they now do, in regard to land and usury, evolution will be slow, and the millions will remain wages—slaves, commodities ; glutting the markets of the world to their own destitution. To change this, to elevate the law, and smooth down the high, is to prepare the way for the advent of a divine humanity. The going forth of the Divine Afflatus, whether in one or many, is to us refreshing. But humanity as we find it, is so en- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 157 grossed with its animal surroundings, that when there is a breathing forth, the animal in man absorbs it, and lie goes forth in the wilderness, preaching from spiritual illumination, without the divine life to sustain the teachings. The present time is prolific in such manifestations. A few months ago, a person visited us; he had read the ' Afflatus,' and had been teaching of the light he stood in; but found he could not sustain himself, and came with the object of receiving strength to do so. Had he come and laid down all his procreative proclivities, and his desires for private property, and earnestly baptized himself with the divine element, and then waited till endowed with power to communicate in wisdom, good results might have followed without serious detriment to himself. The organic law, external form, and mode of procedure of our form of social life are manifestations of duality as established in the nature of things. No doubt this rich field will be entered upon by minds like your own, when gathered into that order of things which creates all things anew. I am pleased with the spirit of the inclosed printed matter. ' To embody religion instead of theology; and the Divine Spirit instead of the human dogma ; ' and of course to substitute the sentiment of universal love, for that of me and mine, is exactly what is needed. The so-called Churches of to-day are not the lineal descendants of the Pentecostal Church. The descendant of every organism has all the attributes of its predecessor. These churches have not property in common ; do not live virgin lives ; do not abstain from war; they hold or hire slaves of some kind ; are guilty of usurious practices and other financial abominations. They are not conscientious in the matter of obeying the teachings of hygienic law. Of their awful violations of procreative law, I would prefer not to defile this sheet by alluding to them. Again, with regard to the marriage order, our order—a virgin life—is its complement, and is one of the results of the unfolding of the germs of divine ' life in humanity. Hence, no antagonism exists between them. English writers on population on being reviewed by Nathan Allen, Mass., concluded from their conflicting theories, that the law of population had not yet been reached. We are led to presume that this important problem can only be solved by procreative and concurrent laws being kept ; then physical, mental, and spiritual elevation, will qualify tens of thousands to rise into, and finjoy that form of social life wherein ' they neither marry nor are given in marriage.' But if there is not an elevation above the propagative order, the same results will commonly take place, as lately occurred from famine in China. We foresaw and described just such a scene about ten years ago ; and have no hesitation in stating, that similar catastrophies are approaching, and in the near coming ages overwhelmingly so. Sincerely your friend,