PHILOSOPHY OF SHAKERISM C. M. OVERTON Social life is a subject of social law, and social law is as rigid and unbending as physical law. So a true life in society becomes a thing of science. The first mandate of social law is: be just. That is, do only that which you have a clear right to do. What has one a right to do ? Any thing he can do in his own sphere, ' at his own cost.' God made man free, and does not interfere with his volition. Man in America follows up the idea, granting certain rights as ' inalienable' to the individual. Within this sphere of inalienable right, man may do as he pleases, being sole judge of the right and wrong of his own actions. Getting out of that sphere, his sovereignty ceases. He is a trespasser on the sphere of another, and must stop. He must go back to his own territory and repair all damages caused by liis raid on his neighbor. These principles are basic ; lying at the foundation of a true, social order. Let us apply them in one direction, that of sex, and see where they will lead us. Men and women who have not violated this law of social justice in their sexual deportment, are free, in ' the pursuit of happiness,' to marry, carrying with them into the new relations these principles, the first of which is, ' Be j list.' How ? Act at your own cost. How ? Keep in your own sphere, till invited out of it. Every woman has aright to chalk a line about her personality into which no man has a right to pass unbidden. But you say she has invited you by the very fact of marriage. She has invited you to come nearer than others ; perhaps, to come within the sacred circle marked out. But has she invited you to stay there forever? Nay, the wife who understands herself makes no such invitation. You are on a visit. You cannot tell how much that visit may have '' cost ' your hostess already. You cannot tell whether your presence will ever again prove desirable. If you wish to be a gentleman and observe the law of social justice you will take a Shaker distance and keep it till you are again invited to come nearer. The right to be a celibate is an individual right, which either party in marriage may at any time claim ; but all other obligations remain the same. Marriage is a community of interests ; and when either partner takes a celibate position it becomes a community of celibates with the same interests and obligations as before. There is thus one, and only one legitimate divorce, into a celibate community— the continuance of the family, or the merging of the single family into a compound family which takes up and carries on all private family obligations. All second marriages involving disintegration — the abandonment of partner and children—are 'fraudulent and void. Yet society is to-day almost disbanded through the inroads of that infinite swindle — modern divorce. But perhaps even this unblushing fraud is preferable to the abominations of marriage—a system in which woman has no rights which a husband is bound to respect. We are by this time prepared to see something of the philosophy of the Shaker system — that it is not a mere whim, nor caprice, fanaticism, nor asceticism — an unrelated excrescence on the social structure ; but that it bears a definite relation to, and enters as a dominant feature into the very heart of existing society. If science held sway ; if THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 155 justice bore rule ; if courtesy were observed ; if women were not slaves, appendages ; things ; how many husbands could to-day be any thing but Shakers 1 If the marriage of Christ as it was ' in the beginning ' prevailed, instead of that of the lawyers— how many families but would be Shaker families 1 Placing Shaker claims on no higher grounds than human rights, simply justice; we yet say that the paucity of numbers among believers is a most startling commentary on the moral status of society. That scarcity is due to the fact that justice, courtesy, decency, even, is everywhere ignored, and the dearest of human rights, the most sacred of womanly instincts, trodden under foot of men. It is proof that our science is a sham, our religion a farce, our refinement and culture the shallowest veneering, and the very word civilization the most stinging and bitter sarcasm that a being of any attainment indecency could fling at the boors and barbarians that go to make Up ' society.' North Union, 0.