SAVIOURS ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE ' Saviours,' heavenly-minded just men and women—' shall come up on Mount Zion to judge ' unrighteous men and women in the earthly order—' The Mt. of Esau.' Thus said an inspired prophet of olden time. There have been many schools of learning established with able mentors; also inspired evangelists raised up from time to time, but not many saviours. Prophets, al] through the gone by ages, when using their spiritual telescopes, saw many beautiful and marvelous things that would come to pass, or be revealed in the fullness of time. Optically viewed, those marked events were brought very near, almost within the grasp. They saw a coming Messiah—a deliverer. Believers in prophecies were hopeful and expectant, and looked for a helper to come speedily. After waiting long, and the vision still tarried, and not understanding that a thousand years with the Lord is as one day, they became weary with waiting and impatient of delay. The prophets and patriarchal leaders passed away from mortal sight, and the cry arose among the remaining,' Where is the promise of his coming? For since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were.' Every age has its prophets and prophetesses who foretell future events, some true, and some false ; but comparatively few are endowed with the gift of true discernment, to know how to divide between the two, and place each where they justly belong. If all modern prophecies were collated and bound in one book, what a stupendous volume it would make, and who would be able to decipher it ? Babylon would be its proper name. Yet by it, new avenues of thought are opened, new life impulses are given. But thousands are still crying for the real bread of life—soul sustenance which they cannot reach. What is the matter 1 Ah ! truly we have many teachers, many learned theologians and prophets, but not many self-denying workers like Jesus and Ann who are willing to take the same cross which they bore, and be baptized with the same soul-saving, uplifting powers that enabled them to become saviours to other souls, as well as teachers. There is a marked difference between those who stand to point the way and they who lead the way. The former may be prophets but the latter may be both saviours and prophets. Our most urgent need at the present time is practical workers, who will not only say, but do—co-operate with redemptive agencies that are at work—and hasten the coming of more saviours, who will be lifted up from 150 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. the low plane of selfish loves and desires, and draw many other souls unto them. Unto such the coming of the Lord will not be, nor seem to be afar off; they feel that His promises are sure ; their fulfillment certain in His own good time. The unregenerate human heart is prone to forget God, to distrust His faithfulness in regard to pledges given, and while waiting for their accomplishment, to wander after strange gods, and hew to themselves cisterns that cannot hold the waters of life. But in the sequel they find it true that without the guidance and preserving influences of higher intelligences, ' All flesh is as the grass that vvithereth, and the flower that fadeth.' The Psalmist said ' I have seen the wicked in greater power, and spreading himself like a green bay tree; yet he passed away and could not be found. But I have not seen the righteous forsaken nor his seed beggingbread. The inheritance of the upright shall be his forever.' Blessed are they who keep the gospel testimony through the sunshine and the storm ; they are more precious than fine gold, and will be numbered with priceless jewels in the heavenly kingdom. Their end on earth is peace, and joyful will be the welcome to their home in heaven.