EXPERIENCE OF A VETERAN SISTER ELIZA SHARP Nearing the borders of time, which fact a ripened age promises all, I wish to bless a work which has been such a solace in my declining years. I have been an interested reader of ' The Manifesto ' from its earliest publication, and could I contribute any thing that would benefit its readers, would, as the widow of old, cast in my mite. Though age has given me a quiet seat in the old arm chair, to witness the proceedings of several generations around me, I still partake of their interests, resolving to bless while life remaineth. In this spirit I present a little of my experience to the readers of The Manifesto. My parents, though not companions of Daniel Boone, were among the early settlers of Kentucky, where I was born, and lived, until five years old ; at which time we removed to the State of Ohio. In the year 1801 there was a religious awakening in my native State, called the 'Kentucky Revival.' My father with many others took an active part in the work. Many of the awakened subjects prophesied concerning the Second Appearing of Christ. The day when people would be saved from their sins, instead of in their sins. In one of the meetings an elderly lady exclaimed : ' We shall soon praise the Lord in music and dancing, and Christ himself will be the fiddler.' This was soon verified to their minds, although it was not personified in the Jewish garb. The mighty power of conviction swept all human pride before it, the manliest hearts becoming like dependent children, seeking to be led in preference to directing others. They prayed for Christ to make his appearance, in man, woman, or child ; they were ready to receive him with thankful hearts in whatsoever form it pleased heaven for him to appear. Many prophesied that messengers were coming from the east, with glad tidings of peace and salvation to all. Their teaching would be to confess and forsake all sin, living a pure, holy life, and their worship would consist of music and dancing; though not in the dances in which the wicked revel. These prophecies were uttered under the divine influence of the truth, and the people were anxiously awaiting the fulfillment thereof. In the year 1805 the reality of these prophecies was experienced, as there were three missionaries sent from the society of Shakers at New Lebanon, N. Y., as leaders to these people; viz. : John Meacham, Benjamin Youngs, Issachar Bates. They preached the ' Second Coming of Christ ' in the female through Ann Lee. My parents, who were among the subjects 178 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. of this great revival, not finding peace of mind, trusting to the merits of Jesus as their former theology taught, readily accepted the gospel of ' Christ's Second Appearing,' confessing and forsaking their sins, and living the repentance which only existed in word before. Though but a child, the change in my parents made a deep impression upon my little mind, and when they taught me to confess all my transgressions of honesty and purity, I was glad to confess to them every little wrong, according to my understanding, and feared to commit the same evils again. I grew up under the teaching of this peculiar doctrine, and for many years have proved the efficacy of selfdenial to all those human passions which link mankind in the generative order; and can testify of the possibility of living in the present, world a pure, holy life. I feel thankful at every recollection that in early childhood I received that conviction for sin, which would not permit me to retire at night with a fault concealed. Yet I would not wish to overdraw the picture of real life, or cause any to think I was instantly lifted from the human into the divine life. It has been a gradual unfolding of the angelic nature in accordance with the practice of true self-denial, and in early life I found much in my mind that was tempted by the elements of inferior human nature, and was still more deeply tested when I have witnessed harsh persecutions and infringements from those who did not accept the doctrines of these people. Mobs frequented our premises by day and night, and being very secret in their designs needed close watching. They burned our place of worship, cut down fruit trees, destroyed gardens, and burned barns, with all their stock of fall and winter provisions; and even poisoned a number of horses to death. The brethren were waylaid and cruelly whipped. At one time a companyof about fifteen thousand men were raised, many of whom were in military array ; others came as spectators, though nearly all were full of rage and malice, declaring they would force the Shakers to renounce their faith and flee the country. Their chief object seemed to be to liberate the young people from the bondage and servitude in which they understood they were held. They asked to see them, and their request being granted, they freely conversed with a number of the young brothers and sisters, searching every apartment of the house and interrogating each one present. These critics finding none held in bondage declared themselves satisfied and peacefully withdrew. When I was about seventeen years old, a band of marauders, about thirty in number, came in the morning immediately after the brethren had repaired to the fields to their labor, leaving only two or three at home. The ruffians, though forbidden by the brethren entering the yard, broke through the gate and demanded an entrance to the house. The sisters (as is usual for women to do on such occasions) hastened to bar the door, and I was one of the number that ran to hold it. They finally broke through a strong door, bent a large iron bar, entered the house, broke the balustrades of the stairs almost entirely to pieces, and injured the lower part of the house very much. They would have searched the entire building, mutilating all the furniture, had not the sisters so filled the stairs it seemed impossible for them to ascend. After a while the brethren, hearing the alarm, came to our rescue, but the ruffians handled them harshly and wounded some severely. The number of ruffians increased to nearly three hundred until we were obliged to apply to the civil authorities to quell the riot and dispel the mob. The officer was an uncle of mine, Judge Harlow, who dispersed them about sunset. This he did riding around the house three times on a large horse swinging a closed umbrella saying, ' I command you in the power and authority of the United States to leave this place or you will be confined.' The trouble did not, however, cease here, for several nights we did not go to rest at all, for the threats of our enemies were so violent as to jeopardize our lives, burn our buildings, and destroy other property, so we THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 179 were necessitated to secrete our furniture and our clothing, and keep a continued watch day and night. Thus I spent my early life in what was then the western land passing through some outward afflictions for my religious belief, yet enjoying inward peace and consolation. In the year 1835 I came to Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., where I have since resided. A short time after my arrival here our people were.visited by an extraordinary spiritual manifestation, when tests of this power were experienced, fully equaling any of the more modern spiritual manifestations. I have been an eye and ear witness of many displays of divine revelation and inspiration whicii were both striking to my view and interesting to my mind. These manifestations were beyond the skill of man to invent, and I here add my testimony to the spiritualism I have seen manifested among our people, where it was predicted this ism would spread through the land. I have myself, though of a very sanguine temperament, felt invisible control to that degree that I was moved as a leaf in the wind without the least effort of my own strength. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.