Correspondence PENTECOST (Tribune.) Our clergymen need not be in any doubt of a subject to-morrow. It has been the day on which for eighteen centuries many Christians have celebrated the anniversary of one of the most incredible events told us in the bible; and even those church-going people who do not keep these Christian fasts and feasts would do well to look into the matter a little. We, practical New Yorkers, are asked to believe that once, centuries ago, on a spring day, a body of ordinary men, just such as we meet in our daily business—tax gatherers, fishermen and inn-keepers — being assembled in an upper room, the little house was suddenly shaken as by a mighty, rushing wind, and these men,who, until then had been uncultured and common place, with no genius or special gift of mind or body, were instantly filled with the Divine Spirit and became to a degree as gods, inspired to speak the highest truths to every man in his nativetongue. Now the question which comes into every man's mind when he hears this story is, why is not this thing done now? The world surely needs the truth just as much as then. There is as much drunkenness, and fraud, and unchastity in New York this morning as in Jerusalem under Pilate. The men and women in Broadway are no whit different in nature from those who crowded up to the great Oriental mart. Their God was really our God. Why does not the rushing wind come to us, and the tongues of fire ? Our clergymen could make good use of to-morrow in considering this question. We suggest this in all earnestness, and it is entirely within our province to suggest it. A secular newspaper is not the index to the popular mind ; it is simply a mass of facts— a record of the stock market, of the hunting down of the Nihilists, of police reports and party policy. But under all these flow the great currents of right and wrong, up to civilization or down to brutality—that is the meaning of it all. Every small item of daily (ttaxmsponftzntt. 180 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. news hints at the progress of a man or a nation toward God or away from Him. That is the gist of the whole thing, and we all know it, though only the preachers talk of it. We venture, therefore, to urge our readers to look at the questions to-morrow which this story of the Pentecost suggests, in a plain practical way, and in the light of these daily happenings. Is there no power at work now, influencing men and nations, which is neither intellect, nor reason, nor emotional passion ? Is there no such thing to-day as a supernatural force, like a mighty, rushing wind blowing through great masses of people, or the mind, perhaps, of our common place neighbors, changing instantly and without rational cause their motives, lifting them suddenly to new planes of thought and action ? Did we never know anybody on whom, this tongue of ,fire had rested ; who spoke the absolute truth to us—truth that had nothing to do with expediency or moneymaking, or getting on in the world '! It might be a great orator, or a black laborer, or a patient, obscure woman ; it spoke in their lives and actions much oftener than in words; we called it as it happened, honesty or charity or religion. But we knew in our hearts that it was the .immortal fire, and that God himself gave it to them ; and we knew just as certainly that it was something which would outlast money and business, and every thing else in the world, and was worth them all. If our readers carefully think over these things to-morrow, they will, we are sure, be able to give to the old story of the Pentecost a modern meaning, and will read, too, the daily record which we shall bring to them on Monday morning from a clearer and higher point of view. A NEW PENTECOST F. W. Evans ELDER EVANS TELLS WHAT HE SHOULD EXPECT TO SEE IF THE TRIBUNE'S IDEAS WERE CARRIED OUT. To the Editor of the Tribune : Friend : Saturday's editorial—Pentecost indeed ! ' Incredible events ' ! ! What were they ? The iconoclastic Tribune tells us to our face, and is it not to our shame ? Was not the editor inspired to preach to the preachers 1 God will speak, and will be heard, even if ' these stones ' have to be the mouthpiece, and a universe the auditor. If, as Professor Mapes claimed, it is by evolutionary processes that God moves the material world from primates to ultimates, is the mental and spiritual world in humanity to be alone fixed, stationary, until it is not the head, but the tail, of human motive forces ? Until the spiritual—religious—element, instead of being the life of God in human souls, becomes a myth, a snperstition, a bundle and jumble of effete priestly nothingarianism, a la Beecher and Talmage trials, a World's Protestant Evangelical Alliance, a prophetic conference about the second coming, logically ending in a Pocasset tragedy, by simple, sincere believing Second Adventists ? Freeman-was just what the Tribune urges the preachers to become —like Catholic Inquisitors, Protestant, Quaker and Witchcraft persecutors, religious warriors of all false systems—doers of their theology. Grant said : ' Put a bad law into practical operation—enforce it, or repeal it.' This is what the Tribune is at with the theologies—do them, or change them. Let the old Pentecost alone, or let us have a modern Pentecost, and the faithful Tribune will record the results. That is right—the editor is right. Let God speak through the secular press, through Infidel Communists, or through the Shakers, to test what is, and establish what should be. Any thing is better than this body of death. Let us all, as you suggest, ' look into the matter a little,' if we dare to do it. An upper room, filled with ordinary people—tax gatherers, fishermen, inn-keepers —fanatics all, who were sure to act out what they fully believed—hence how important that they believe right. The little house (a la Kiddle) suddenly shaken by a mighty rushing wind, and these men, with no cultivation, genius, or special gift of mind or body, instantly filled with the Divine Spirit—whatever that may be—but it is something that caused these common people to become, in a degree, as God's inspired to speak to every man in his own language, or tongue. Is it fanaticism, enthusiasm, or inspiration that asks the question, ' Why is not this thing done now ? ' The world surely needs the truth just as much as then. Drunkenness, fraud and unchastity, in the men and women of our Broadway, are as rife as in those who crowded up the Oriental mart. Terrible truths these to set before the clergy, the Wall street brokers, the Fifth Avenue dwell- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 181 ers, and common people. ' Their God was really our God — why does not the mighty rushing wind come to us, and the tongues of fire?' These questions are put by the secular press, cognizant of the fact that beneath the shell of our modern hollow civilization there do flow on forever, irresistibly, the great currents of right and wrong, up to a true civilization that will secure, to the greatest number, the greatest possible good —or down to (Russian) brutality. Now, my dear Tribune, I ask, in the name of my old friend Horace, who often stands at your elbow, what would happen in New York if all your readers should fall into line and look at the Pentecost in that practical common sense way? If these internal fires —eternal, abstract truths—which do exist, as you declare, in the very souls of the population of the great city and its suburban villages, being merely crusted over with the conventionalism of society as it now exists, should burst up, as Mt. iEtna is doing, and overflow, would it not sink the whole system in a moment, like a great mill-stone dropped by an angel into the sea? If, in the next morning's issue, the Tribune should announce, with Divine authority—'Henceforth, all things are common, and let no man nor woman say, of aught they have possessed, it is mine, but ours,' would not the priests, if a great company of them were willingly obedient to the new faith, rise up in a body, as the heart of one man, and declare, in these words: 'It is a Spiritual force, and has come, like a mighty, rushing wind blowing through great masses of people, or the mind, perhaps, of our commonplace neighbors, changing instantly, and without apparent rational cause, their motives, lifting them suddenly to new planes of thought and action?' Are not many hungering souls ready for such food, or has the Tribune ceased to plead the cause, and give voice to the wants and desires of its constituents—the People ? Mt. Lebanon, June 2,1879. GOVERNMENTAL INQUISITION F. W. Evans From the N. Y. Tribune. Is not the conviction and imprisonment of D. M. Bennett a church and State persecution ? If not, will the Tribune please enlighten the country cousins ? In the circle of my acquaintances, I have never known the people, male and female, more thoroughly aroused than at the present time. What will the end of ecclesiastical governmental interference be ? The approaches of military siege works to capture a citadel were never more systematic and to the point than are the successive moves of the clergy toward theologizing the American government—a union of church and State. Indeed, is it not already virtually accomplished? The world's exposition for every people, creed and theology, was closed by clerical influence upon one of the seven sabbath days of the week, except to a few favorite sinners of whom several thousands were always admitted. The clergy have possessed themselves of the American government. Its mails, the most sacred of all trusts by the people, are broken open, overhauled, and inspected by the Y. M. C. association agents, in the name of the United States. Its courts are turned into inquisitorial engines of physical and mental torture and affliction. Honest American citizens are incarcerated and their business broken up by these merciless God-in-the-Constitution advocates. What an outrage upon the rights of man and the liberty of American citizens to be sanctioned by a government founded by infidels, like Thomas Paine and Thomas Jefferson, and fought for by Washington, father of the Republic, who, when making a treaty with Tripoli, declared before all church and State governments, that the United States did not constitute a Christian nation, and that, constitutionally, it was a purely secular government, under which the Atheist, Deist, Mormon, or the clergy of any theology upon earth, possessed equal civil rights and nothing more. Is not the stealthy passage of Comstock laws and the appointment of an irresponsible individual, publicly charged with grossly immoral and obscene practices, clad in Russian arbitrary power to rob the mails of 30,000,000 inhabitants, an unparalleled inconsistency to common-sense people, who flattered themselves that they were the sovereigns and that the American government was their agent to execute their legally ex _ 182 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. pressed will'? Not a few, honest, modest people regard the whole Comstock concern as an unmitigated American obscenity. The possibility that such may be true should insure the repeal of all Comstock laws. Can President Hayes, or the editorial corps, fail to see that placing in the hands of any one man or woman, such unlimited and terrible power over the confidential correspondence of a nation, as Comstock is intrusted with, is un-American ? Would the English people endure for a week, the operation of such church and State espionage over their private communications with each other ? I do not believe it. Nor will the American people, when they come to a knowledge of the facts and the issues involved. I would a thousand times prefer leaving the morals of the nation in the hands of parents, school teachers, pastors and logical infidels, than to demoralize American citizens by first tempting them to do evil, then instituting unconstitutional legal proceedings, that rogues may pocket the informer's wages of iniquity after having thus put the cup to their neighbor's lips. Hoping thatD. M, Bennett, and all convicted under Comstock laws, may be at once pardoned, or the agent placed with them in the penitentiary, I, in the name of the liberty loving, law abiding Shaker Order, remain your sincere friend and well wisher. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Elder Frederick : Respected Sir.—Although it is about two years since I left your family... New York City, July 5th, 1879 G. B. Elder Frederick : Respected Sir.—Although it is about two years since I left your family, after a short experience, I have never changed my Shaker faith. I feel assured if you had understood my motives you would never have written me such a severe letter to Oneida. I had known nothing of Oneida or her community until informed by one of your family. He told me he did not know the principles, but heard they were a good people. As I had felt that your separating me from my wife was more than was actually necessary, I determined, while settling my affairs, to investigate Oneida. I did so, and found principles to which I would never desire to be reconciled. Before I could see you and endeavor to pray you to allow me some concessions, you wrote me to take away my wife. I have conversed with many Shakers since, who all gave me words of consolation and wisdom. They tell me, with my belief and convictions, there is no reason why my wife Frances and myself should not become * members of a Shaker community. I understood from them, that a family, man and wife, professing Shakerism, could be taken by a community without separating them— allowing them to live in the same house together, providing they abstain from carnal pleasures, or sexual gratification. Dear Elder Frederick, Frances and myself view each other with a pure unsullied love. We are willing to abstain from sexual and other indulgences. We think we have the energy and ability to make ourselves good Shakers. Frances staid with you long enough to prove her willingness to work. We believe in Shakerism. We respect you as a father. Why will you not save us from the temptations and vileness of this world ? Two years ago I was disgusted with the wickedness of the world's people, and my disgust increases as I live. Frances and myself have now been united for some years. We agree that we are a happy couple, and do not feel justified at present in separating. We want to live a pure, good life together, and the only place to do so, that I know of, is a Shaker community. Dear Elder, I never felt in my life as I did when you placed your hand on my head, and said : ' George, we will endeavor to live a just and good life together.' Frances and myself want to do what is right. In our opinion, that means to be Shakers, but we fail to interpret the bible requiring us to separate ourselves from each other. I cannot write just what I mean, but would be happy to come to Mt. Lebanon and see you, providing you might give me some encouragement that we might become members of community without separating. Knowing your boundless virtue, I hope you will write me a favorable letter of advice and consolation. Yours, respectfully,