EFFECTS GOVERNED BY LAW Abraham Perkins Probably there was never an age when the light of truth was greater, clearer, and more extensively diffused in the earth, when genuine religious conviction was more freely acknowledged, and yet, when compunctions of conscience for willful transgression were less severe, and greater ease and apathy existed than at the present time. A universal spiritual dearth pervades the earth, and mind seems paralyzed. Inhuman conditions there is a general want of humility ; an absence of the element of love and desire for the principles of true righteousness. Worldlineas in all its forms, independence and self-exaltation are the popular sense. What then is to save us ? Are the judgments of Heaven the only alternative to bring the quickening and force the realization that our situation is fearful ? that we stand on the brink of a precipice, liable at any moment to be hurled into an abyss of misery and woe ? The acts of our lives shape our destiny ; otherwise, we have no control of the laws and principles that govern our being. There is no other destiny than that which we create. Every condition is the result of fixed law. Every effect has a legitimate cause and every cause produces an effect. This is a fixed eternal law. Reasoning from this fact, if our conditions are to be changed, to produce the change, the character and tenor of our lives must undergo a variation. This creates power. God has so ordained it. It is his law. If upon earth we would have paradise, we must lay the foundation ; do the work that will produce the elements of harmony. Heaven and hell are conditions self-made, the results of our doings. God has so willed it. Here is where the free agency of man comes in j and without this berth, he would not be man. Reason was given as a guide, being in its exercise subordinate to the revealed will of God ; every part of creation, wheel within wheel, will work harmoniously and the great desire of the human soul will be satisfied, its aspirations met and its object attained in all that concerns us in every department in life. Then there will exist no cause to cry the burden of the Lord ; no reason for the poverty of ministration of strength ; for such condition can have no being. God helps all who help themselves. Hence, as our better judgment dictates the use of every faculty of our being as creative power to secure the riches, the benefits of higher life, we have every inducement, every encouragement and every facility to work together for the heaven we so much desire to attain. Enfield, N. H