GOD IN THE CONSTITUTION CHAS. G. BARCLAY The history of the Christian church from the day of its ascendancy is replete with persecutions, atrocities and barbarities committed and resorted to for its propagation. The gloomy past shows clearly that the church cannot be trusted with civil powers. Among the many instances we might cite, we select from the blood-stained record of the church the following examples of Christian love, mercy and tolerance : ' The famous image controversy' cost 50,000 lives during the persecutions instigated in the ninth century against the Manichsens. There fell in Greece 100,000 persons. The loss of life by the ' crusades,' was not less than 4,500,000 including all the expeditions, seven in number. The extermination of the Moorish nation from Spain; the persecution of the Jews in the middle ages, and the final expulsion from Spain and Portugal. The famous schism which preceded the burning of Huss and Jerome of Sprague, and the war on the Hussites that followed (costing 200,000 lives); the destruction of 12,000,000 unoffending aborigines, by Cortez and Pizarro, and their priestly abettors. The massacre of St. Bartholomew costing 40,000 lives. The killing of 50,003 persons in the Netherlands, in the reign of Charles V, and thousands more under the reign of his heartless son. The burning of 81.000 and the killing or torturing of 290,000 more by the Inquisition of Spain ; the burning, hanging and otherwise destroying of hundreds of thousands beside these. The persecution in England, Scotland and Ireland, and the murders in this free country, are as we have said comparatively few of the enormities that can be appealed to, in illustration of the intolerance which has followed the ascendancy of Christianity wherever it has gained a foothold, and has prevailed unchecked by opposing influences. Here we have at a very low estimate the loss of 18,100,000 human lives caused by the church in disseminating the doctrines of love and peace ; and in the face of this record of their own making, they ask us to allow them to amend the Constitution of the United States by inserting the word God in it. Thus at once making the government sectarian in its character and opening the road to future, further and still more grievous encroachments upon the already too limited religious liberty of the country. The past, so full of useful lessons, should be our guide for the future. The past teaches us that the clergy cannot be trusted; and with this salutary fact fully impressed upon us by the lives and blood of over eighteen millions of beings, why should we say, Let bygones be bygones, and let us hope for the best. No, no, my friends ; be not deceived by these hypocritical canting parsons. Truly are they wolves in sheep's clothing. The movement (the Amendment) was proposed by a few fanatical and a good many designing leaders of the sect—principally U. P. at the outset. Those who inaugurated it have quietly withdrawn from the public gaze, that they may prepare the racks and torture for us when they succeed in their undertaking, which they hope to do by (without giving time for reflection) forcing it upon the people, and carry it from the very fact that the masses do not see its tendncy. ' Put not off until to-morrow what you can do to-day.' To-morrow they may launch their amendment upon us, and with long 'aces they will go among the people and cry, ' The country that recognizes not God cannot stand ; ' :' It is an insult to God that our Constitution does not recognize him,' etc. Therefore go to work at once and show the real object of the incarnate fiends; for t is only that in a few years they may have the satisfaction of putting upon the rack the THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 177 Spiritualists, the Unitarians, the Deists, the Materialists, and all other liberalists. Now is the time to fight the battle, by showing them to the world in their true light. But should they succeed by fraud in securing the amendment, through the ballotbox, then let the liberalists of the world unite and meet them with their own weapon—the sword ; and may we die rather than lose what little religious liberty they have seen fit to give us. And if it must come to the rifle and the sword, let the battle be waged so that they may beware of us. The object' of omitting the word God from the Constitution was clearly to guard against the despotism of the clergy. So, in addition to the fact that 'No religious test should ever be required as a qualification to office,' and that ' Congress should make no law respecting the establishment of religion or the free exercise thereof,' the framers, as a special guard against the encroachments of the church, omitted the word, so that neither the spirit nor the letter of the law could be infringed upon or evaded. Moreover, God is omnipotent and omnipresent, and being so, cannot be, either by legislation put in the Constitution, or by lack of it kept out. What is most wanted is more of the love of God in the hearts of men, and less hypocrisy in the hearts of the clergy. But this say to your congregation, beloved clergy: The liberalists will never be slaves of a bigoted or intolerant church, but will rather die in defense of their natural liberty and rights, given by God himself.