The other day I came upon a new store in the city... The other day I came upon a new store in the city. The windows were fairly dazzling with color. A stray sunbeam falling v upon them, the shop front flashed back a rainbow of blue and green and red and yellow, indigo and vermilion, amber and black and white. I paused to gaze. It was a store devoted to the modern fashion of adorning ladies' hats, bonnets, and dresses with birds and butterflies. All the corners of the earth had been ransacked to satisfy this new craze. Whole birds' wings, tails, breasts, were here by the thousand. Butterflies and humming-birds vied with each other in wealth of color and beauty of arrangement. It is true there are lots of stores in London devoted to specimens of ' natural history,' where these things may be purchased ; but here is a shop full of them, not as studies or specimens, but as articles of adornment. Travelers and others tell me that bird slaughter as a trade has now reached proportions which threaten the very extinguishment of some of the rarest, as well as gayest, species. One can understand this when stated on authority that a German dealer in this city recently received a consignment of 32,000 dead humming birds, 80,000 aquatic birds of several varieties, and 800,000 pairs of wings. This to one dealer alone ; while at the same time all the other traders are increasing their orders to foreign shippers. There is something very sad in these figures. Surely our women cannot think about the subject, or they would never promote this sacrifice of bird life for a mere freak of fashion. The rage for feather trimmings has almost annihilated the ribbon trade jai Coventry. Men, women, and children in that once busy city are starving because fashion has produced a new style of ornament. So that to please the whim birds must die and children must starve. You may stand ' on the bridge at Coventry' now and see scores of people loitering there who, but for the supersedure of ribbons by feathers, would be busily at work in the locked up mills.