GROWTH MARTHA ANN BURGUR While the natural creation is so beautifully and gloriously constructed as to flood the home and heart of humanity with light, peace and happiness, should not the height and goal of 'Christian perfection be earnestly sought ? that each life may speak of attainment in spirituality ? All things in nature are evolving, changing ; every plant and shrub touched and in. vigorated by the power of creative forces, and the breath of the universe, make their impress—write their history. The rock in its home of earth, the pebble resting beneath the crested wave, until the beating tide bears it to the sunlight, each tells of growth and change, beauty and glory ; all are in harmony and join in one universal song of progress and fill the earth with joy and praise. As each, act of life stamps its record upon the character, serious thought should be given in this direction, particularly with the young, that life's enfoldment and advancement be for honor and not for shame. In ages past when truths were brought forth, persecution marked their course ; the prophets and saints were stoned to death ; burnt at the stake with many other horrible devices inflicted by enemies of the truth; but, rather than abandon their principles they were sacrificed upon the altar of tyranny. History reveals volumes of persecution, filling the soul with compassion toward the one, and indignation toward the ignorance and cruelty practiced by the other. Time and growth have effected changes, and we enjoy, void of the persecution, what martyrs in past ages labored to unfold and uphold. As years revolve and new truths open, greater changes will mark the course of the pilgrim traveler ; but, if the mind is exercised aright, upon a growth of goodness, that will develop the spiritual being, we may meet the era which will soon dawn with joy and not with grief. As the natural creation stamps its record upon each leaf and blade of grass, so may we be employed in writing the record of virgin purity upon the thoughts and deeds which combine to form the true, the higher life of Divine Revelation. Mt. Lebanon.