The Effects of Love When Rev. Dr. Alexander Clark s death was announced, the Albany Express stated that he was the only known orthodox minister who ever took a friendly interest in the skeptic and spoke good words for him. And that Col. Ingersoll appreciated the man and his great-heartedness read these feeling extracts from his tribute to the late Pittsburg editor ¦ Upon the grave of the Rev. Alexander Clark I wish to place one flower. Utterly destitute of cold dogmatic pride that often passes for the love Of God, without the arrogance of the ' elect' — simple, free and kind — this earnest man made me his friend by being mine. I forgot that he was a Christian, and he seemed to forget that I was not, while each remembered that the other was a man. He believed in the power of kindness, and spanned with divine sympathy the hideous gulf that separated the fallen from the pure. Giving freely to others the rights that he claimed for himself, it never occurred to him that his God hated a brave and honest unbeliever. With the generosity of an honest man, he accorded to all the fullest liberty of thought, knowing, as he did, that in the realm of thought, a chain is but a curse. For this man I entertained the profoundest respect. In spite of the taunts and jeers of his brethren, he publicly proclaimed that he would treat infidels with fairness and respect; that he would endeavor to convince them by argument and win them with love. He insisted that the God he worshipped loved the wellbeing of even an atheist. In this grand position he stood almost alone. Tender, just and loving where others were harsh, vindictive and cruel, he challenged the respect and admiration of every honest man. He admitted that I had not lost and could not lose a single right by the expression of my honest thought. Neither did he believe that a servant could win the respect of a generous master by persecuting and maligning those whom the master would willingly forgive. His sympathies were not confined within the prison of a creed, but ran out and over the walls like vines, hiding the cruel rocks and rusted bars with leaf and flower. He could not echo with his heart the fiendish sentence of eternal fire. In spite of book and creed, he ' read between the lines ' the words of tenderness and love, with promises for all the world. Above, beyond the dogmas of the church — humane even to the verge of heresy — causing some to doubt his love of God because he failed to hate his unbelieving fellowmen, he labored for the welfare of mankind, and to his work give up his life with all his heart.