Society Record We clip from The Public Spirit the following interesting items of Harvard and Shirley... We clip from The Public Spirit the following interesting items of Harvard and Shirley : — There is an aged man with the Church family of Harvard Shakers who is worthy of particular mention. Grove Blanchard, who is in his eighty-second year, is still enjoying tolerably good health for one so far advanced in life. He is a native of Petersham, in this State, and commenced the goodly life of a Shaker when fourteen years of age. When he first joined this community the first minister was Eleazer Ran, and after him came John Warner, who was released, and then followed the subject of this sketch, Grove Blanchard, who filled the arduous duties of his office with the greatest satisfac tion. For fifty years he has ministered to his people, and well do they know what a useful life he has spent among them. He was the perfect type of all that was good and lovable, and his stately mien was the cause of many a kindly and deserving re mark from not a few outside of the fold. Even now with tottering limbs, he carries the marks that have so distinguished him in earlier life. May he still have a longer lease of life is the earnest wish of the writer. He was released from the ministry nearly eight years ago, and John Whiteley of the north family of Shirley Shakers, hag taken his place. Thomas Hammond, another Harvard Shaker, if he lives till next August, will be eighty-eight years of age. He was born in Newton, in this State. He too has been a very useful member of the society and wa nineteen when he made his home with the Shakers. Though some years the elder o1 Brother Blanchard, he enjoys very gooc liealth, and is likely to live to a very advanced age. Abraham Whitney, a [member of the Shirley Shakers, was ninety-three last April, and is in the enjoyment of good health. He works a little every day, and his mind is as clear as it ever was. He was born in Bolton, and has been a member of the Shaker family of this town for sixty-three years and over. Mary Rose Morse Death. — died of consumption, at the Shirley Village, Thursday, July 3, and will be buried Saturday at two o'clock in the afternoon. She was thirty years of age the 28th of May last. Reared from a child in the community at Shirley, she became a prominent member, and for several years had taught the Shaker district school very efficiently and acceptably to the town's committees, as well as the officers and members of the society. She was much beloved by her associates and highly esteemed by a wide circle of friends.