PENTECOST (Tribune.) Our clergymen need not be in any doubt of a subject to-morrow. It has been the day on which for eighteen centuries many Christians have celebrated the anniversary of one of the most incredible events told us in the bible; and even those church-going people who do not keep these Christian fasts and feasts would do well to look into the matter a little. We, practical New Yorkers, are asked to believe that once, centuries ago, on a spring day, a body of ordinary men, just such as we meet in our daily business—tax gatherers, fishermen and inn-keepers — being assembled in an upper room, the little house was suddenly shaken as by a mighty, rushing wind, and these men,who, until then had been uncultured and common place, with no genius or special gift of mind or body, were instantly filled with the Divine Spirit and became to a degree as gods, inspired to speak the highest truths to every man in his nativetongue. Now the question which comes into every man's mind when he hears this story is, why is not this thing done now? The world surely needs the truth just as much as then. There is as much drunkenness, and fraud, and unchastity in New York this morning as in Jerusalem under Pilate. The men and women in Broadway are no whit different in nature from those who crowded up to the great Oriental mart. Their God was really our God. Why does not the rushing wind come to us, and the tongues of fire ? Our clergymen could make good use of to-morrow in considering this question. We suggest this in all earnestness, and it is entirely within our province to suggest it. A secular newspaper is not the index to the popular mind ; it is simply a mass of facts— a record of the stock market, of the hunting down of the Nihilists, of police reports and party policy. But under all these flow the great currents of right and wrong, up to civilization or down to brutality—that is the meaning of it all. Every small item of daily (ttaxmsponftzntt. 180 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. news hints at the progress of a man or a nation toward God or away from Him. That is the gist of the whole thing, and we all know it, though only the preachers talk of it. We venture, therefore, to urge our readers to look at the questions to-morrow which this story of the Pentecost suggests, in a plain practical way, and in the light of these daily happenings. Is there no power at work now, influencing men and nations, which is neither intellect, nor reason, nor emotional passion ? Is there no such thing to-day as a supernatural force, like a mighty, rushing wind blowing through great masses of people, or the mind, perhaps, of our common place neighbors, changing instantly and without rational cause their motives, lifting them suddenly to new planes of thought and action ? Did we never know anybody on whom, this tongue of ,fire had rested ; who spoke the absolute truth to us—truth that had nothing to do with expediency or moneymaking, or getting on in the world '! It might be a great orator, or a black laborer, or a patient, obscure woman ; it spoke in their lives and actions much oftener than in words; we called it as it happened, honesty or charity or religion. But we knew in our hearts that it was the .immortal fire, and that God himself gave it to them ; and we knew just as certainly that it was something which would outlast money and business, and every thing else in the world, and was worth them all. If our readers carefully think over these things to-morrow, they will, we are sure, be able to give to the old story of the Pentecost a modern meaning, and will read, too, the daily record which we shall bring to them on Monday morning from a clearer and higher point of view.