THOUGHTS OF LIFE MARIA WHEELER 'I would not give my free thoughts for a throne.' I have thought sometimes that those feel, ings which enter the chambers of the imagination, and in the face of all obstacles clothe themselves in language pure and beautiful must certainly emanate from a source higher than the purely physical plane. Come they from dust? and must they to dust return ? What good is attained by their birth, if they pass in and out of the imagination and leave no record upon the register of immortality. Beautiful flowers refresh and renew the pulse of earth life; the soft sunbeams which pass like a dream of peace warm and revivify with strength and beauty the varied forms of mortality. The silent dew that steals out of the soft night-skies, leaves its sweetened breath upon fair nature. Every thing in the universe works its message in living, glowing lights and shades. Yet the spirit of man that weds the earth, leaves its higher destiny to grovel with the things beneath it. Matter should be subservient to mind, not mind to matter. Does the angel of intelligence and divine beauty bring thee messages of peace and love ? Visions of the grand possibilities of the inner consciousness ? Does he walk with thee by the briery pathway and pluck for thee the fragrant flowers ? Cast them not aside. Trifle not with these whispers of poetry! Pay thy tithes to earth, but save thy immortality for heaven. When memories of the flowery springtime of life steal over thee, before thy faith and trust in human truth had been fully tested, shut these not entirely from thy mind for when the clouds are dense and dark, and shadows lurk along the hidden way&gt; sweet memory tells thee what the sunshine is, and gives thee hope to feed the heart. The sunshine of thy faith and trust will yet illumine the most intricate windings of life's pathway, and if we walk with wisdom we will never walk alone. Earth to earth, but not soul to earth. When thoughts of beauty, truth and brightness steal in like sunbeams upon thy silent hours give them room and form. A few moments to transfer them to paper will not be missed at the dropping of the curtain. They may be to some one a light in darkness. Imprison the sunlight of heaven if ye may. Give not the pearls of wisdom to the swine because they are not diamonds. The golden gates are not reached by walking a silent, solemn unresponsive line, but by exchanging sympathies and affections with humanity, by giving and receiving the golden grains of wisdom and truth. Isolation leads away from the city of love to the bleak hills of desolation. It is said that no soul is desolate as long as there is a human being for whom it can feel trust and reverence. So should we wear the beauty of the soul as an every day garb, that the face may be bright with human love and confidence. The world should never grow dark to a sorrowing sister ; the sunshine of pleasantness should inspire trust and reverence which steals away the shadows ' ere we are aware.' When we walk by faith and not by sight, if by the exercise of all our energies we can keep alive the flame of unselfish emotions, we may still make them hours of active love which will write a glory over our name in the immortal world. Union Village, Ohio.