THE EXODUS CECELIA DEVYR When slavery laid an old man in the ground, The chorus rose, ' His soul is marching on.' Has lie a refuge for the captive found, And to his olden home before them gone ? They silent start, a dusky, tattered host, Without a warning, herald, word or sign ; Their boon of freedom was Columbia's boast! Her deep disgrace, their solemn moving line. A cloud of witnesses, they need not speak Of want and suffering, their dark eyes tell ; Their wretched flight has proved the nation weak Her laws to vindicate, her foes to quell! Her laws ! what are they in view of need ? What are they by the simple rule of right ? They stand as walls around the realms of greed— They are as armor to the men of might. A land of millionaires, a land of tramps ; A house divided that can never stand ; A flashing gleam from far centennial camps, Reveals a structure built upon the sand. Would Pharaoh let the toiling people go— Concede to slaves whate'er for them was asked ? Their stern oppressors mitigate their woe Save by command, that they might more be tasked ? Ah, well! we read his folly and his fate; That folly looming in the far away Must not attract from hardness just as great, From mad perversity that reigns to-day. How blind we are to God's intended work ! How names, and claims, suffice for substance true; What giant wrongs, all unmolested lurk Beneath the little good the statesmen do ! They signed off slavery, and our hopes were high, While truth bent low, these humbling words to carve: ' It is not freedom! 'tis a burnished lie ! 'Emancipation— liberty to starve! ' A liberation, that absolves the care ' That selfish hands around their chattels threw ; ' A legacy of tortures hard to bear, ' A broader tyranny than bondage knew,' This verdict graven round the altar stone, Whereon the nation's sacrifice was laid ; That great burnt offering which could not atone For half the wrongs that slavery had made. And years pass on, dark years of pain and blight ; The North and South, despair and anguish know ! Yet, hear they not upon the mountain's height— A voice proclaiming ' Let my people go I' Yea, let them go from poverty and fraud ; From malice, hatred and from burning scorn! Let them go free to share the gifts of God, For to His bounty all are equal born. Who owns the earth, the air, the sea ? They are the Lord's, and to His children willed ; And never, never will the land be free, Till His behests are honestly fulfilled ! Then, wherefore hold with subtle chain, and strong. Or strive to crush with fierce barbaric hand! Awake to duty, overthrow the wrong, And give to freedom foothold on the land. O ! North and South, ye partners in one sin Monopoly and slavery are one. Turn ye to justice, life anew begin, And let this mottled servitude be gone ! Are not the toilers white, as well as black ? These flying fugitives but swell the band Of wealth producers, who are doomed to lack The fruits they heap profusely o'er the land. 170 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. O ! give them place upon the broad domain, And help them to secure abiding home ! Then crowded industries no life will strain, And weary tramps no more will hopeless roam. Nor will the freedman quit his quiet fields To seek for safety, or in quest of food ; But all that freedom promises, and yields, Will fill the nation with undreamed of And plotting monarchies — the curse of time— Will helpless sink into their waiting graves; When God's Republic rises tjp sublime, to fell the system that produces SLAVES! Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.