The Children's Grotto WOODEN SWEARING The Sabbath School in Rockville was assembled for their monthly concert. The lesson was about swearing, and when the children had repeated their verses, the minister rose to talk to them. ' I hope, dear children,' he said, that you will never let your lips speak profane words. But now I want to tell you about a kind of swearing which I heard a good woman speak about not long ago. She called it wooden swearing. It's a kind of swearing that many people beside children are given to, when they are angry. Instead of giving vent to their feelings in oaths, they slam the doors, kick the chairs, stamp on the floor* throw the furniture about, and make all the noiso they possibly can. 'Isn't this just the same as swearing T said she. ' It's just the same kind of feeling, exactly, only they do not like to say those awful words ; but they force the furniture to make the noise, and so I call it wooden swearing,' I hope, dear children, that you will not do any of this kind of swearing either.' It is better to let alone wooden swearing, and all other kinds of swearing.—The Little Christian. THE GRUMBLER Dora Goodale My dear children : — Bless your dear young hearts! While making characters for yourselves be determined not to be grumblers. Look just as much as you can on the bright side of life ; of course you do not know of any who are like the following, if so, may you know of less, should there be any among your acquaintances who are in any way related to The Grumbler : His Youth. His coat was too thick and his cap was too thin, He couldn't be quiet, he hated a din ; He hated to write, and he hated to read, He was certainly very much injured indeed ; He must study and work over books he detested, His parents were strict, and he never was rested; He knew he was wretched as wretched could be, There was no one so wretchedly wretched as he. His Maturity. His farm was too small and his taxes too big, He was selfish and lazy, and cross as a pig; His wife was too silly, his children too rude ; And just because he was uncommonly good, He never had money, enough or to spare, He had nothing at all fit to eat or to wear ; He knew he was wretched as wretched could be, There was no one so wretchedly wretched as he. His Old Age. He finds he has sorrows more deep than his fears, He grumbles to think he has grumbled for years; He grumbles to think he has grumbled away His home and his fortune, his life's little day. But, alas ! 'tis too late — it is no use to say That his eyes are too dim. and his hair is too gray. He knows he is wretched as wretched can be, There is no one more wretchedly wretched than he., —[ (ten years old), St. Nicholas.