THE CROSS NO. 3 WM. H. BUSSELL When a person undertakes to perform any task, the supposition is that he is competent to its performance. The architect is familiar with the rules of architecture, and hence is capable of giving directions in constructing an edifice. So with every kind of secular business ; it is no less true in spiritual things. There is this difference, however, in constructing the 'house eternal in the heavens,' the Christian may begin to build at the same time that he begins to learn the principles of divine architecture. In the school of Christ it is said : ' If any one lack wisdom, let him ask of God, who gives to all liberally.' This doctrine is fundamental, essential not only when the disciple first takes the cross, but through his whole course of selfdenial, until the merely sensual or carnal life is outgrown and only the heavenly life bears sway in the entire being. This is prominent in all the teachings of Jesus and the apostles. ' The spirit of truth dwells with you an'd shall be in you.' ' It is God that works in you,' this makes bearing the cross effectual; in fact, self-denial without this is not the cross of Christ who taught the necessity of growth into the life of God, which is effected only by the inspiration and indwelling of the Divine Spirit, ' I am in the Father and the Father in me,' ' if a man love me my Father will love him,and we will come to him and make our abode with him.' These words of Jesus declare the ability to bear his cross of those who purpose to become his disciples as well as the essential character of all such. ' God is love,' ' Gtod so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son.' Divine love, then, must dwell in all those who bear the cross of Christ. This is the sole and all-sufficient test of discipleship. Divine love is essen- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 175 tially the same in God and in man. ' Love thinks or devises no evil,' it can never, then, exercise itself in vengeance ; ' love works no ill to one's neighbor.' This must determine the character not only of the individual, but of all bodies of people who claim to bear the cross of Christ. The essential nature of divine love is to unite those in whom it dwells ; ' I and my Father are one,' is the declaration of Jesus, this is His prayer for His disciples, ' that they all may be one as thou, Father, art in me and I in Thee.' The terms of discipleship, and the only terms in the words of the great teacher, are taking the cross and following Him, and the results of this are the in-dwelling of divine love in the hearts of the disciples transforming them into the very life of love, so that in their aspirations, their hopes and their efforts, they become one. Has any other cross, any other faith than this proclaimed by Jesus to the few who were in daily communion with Him, ever effected this ? Let historv decide.