GOVERNMENTAL INQUISITION F. W. Evans From the N. Y. Tribune. Is not the conviction and imprisonment of D. M. Bennett a church and State persecution ? If not, will the Tribune please enlighten the country cousins ? In the circle of my acquaintances, I have never known the people, male and female, more thoroughly aroused than at the present time. What will the end of ecclesiastical governmental interference be ? The approaches of military siege works to capture a citadel were never more systematic and to the point than are the successive moves of the clergy toward theologizing the American government—a union of church and State. Indeed, is it not already virtually accomplished? The world's exposition for every people, creed and theology, was closed by clerical influence upon one of the seven sabbath days of the week, except to a few favorite sinners of whom several thousands were always admitted. The clergy have possessed themselves of the American government. Its mails, the most sacred of all trusts by the people, are broken open, overhauled, and inspected by the Y. M. C. association agents, in the name of the United States. Its courts are turned into inquisitorial engines of physical and mental torture and affliction. Honest American citizens are incarcerated and their business broken up by these merciless God-in-the-Constitution advocates. What an outrage upon the rights of man and the liberty of American citizens to be sanctioned by a government founded by infidels, like Thomas Paine and Thomas Jefferson, and fought for by Washington, father of the Republic, who, when making a treaty with Tripoli, declared before all church and State governments, that the United States did not constitute a Christian nation, and that, constitutionally, it was a purely secular government, under which the Atheist, Deist, Mormon, or the clergy of any theology upon earth, possessed equal civil rights and nothing more. Is not the stealthy passage of Comstock laws and the appointment of an irresponsible individual, publicly charged with grossly immoral and obscene practices, clad in Russian arbitrary power to rob the mails of 30,000,000 inhabitants, an unparalleled inconsistency to common-sense people, who flattered themselves that they were the sovereigns and that the American government was their agent to execute their legally ex _ 182 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. pressed will'? Not a few, honest, modest people regard the whole Comstock concern as an unmitigated American obscenity. The possibility that such may be true should insure the repeal of all Comstock laws. Can President Hayes, or the editorial corps, fail to see that placing in the hands of any one man or woman, such unlimited and terrible power over the confidential correspondence of a nation, as Comstock is intrusted with, is un-American ? Would the English people endure for a week, the operation of such church and State espionage over their private communications with each other ? I do not believe it. Nor will the American people, when they come to a knowledge of the facts and the issues involved. I would a thousand times prefer leaving the morals of the nation in the hands of parents, school teachers, pastors and logical infidels, than to demoralize American citizens by first tempting them to do evil, then instituting unconstitutional legal proceedings, that rogues may pocket the informer's wages of iniquity after having thus put the cup to their neighbor's lips. Hoping thatD. M, Bennett, and all convicted under Comstock laws, may be at once pardoned, or the agent placed with them in the penitentiary, I, in the name of the liberty loving, law abiding Shaker Order, remain your sincere friend and well wisher. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.