ONE CHARACTER ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE A modern writer says: ' Each individual has two characters or reputations ; one which the world recognizes, and another, veiled, that they do not know. We are all living —more or less—under a mask. The bubble reputations that we are seeking are too often a cloak for hypocrisy ! ' If this is true which few will gainsay—why is it thus ? What the cause, and what the remedy ? We do not suppose that God, the arch-angels, nor the redeemed saints who surround his throne, are masked in a false garb. God is Light, Love, Wisdom, all that is true and good. If we dwell in him, and walk in loving obedience to his commands, and have no fellowship with the ' unfruitful works of darkness,' then we have nothing to conceal; have no use for false drapery to cover and hide deformities ; but shall wear garments of innocence and diffuse love, and radiate light wherever we are, at home or abroad, whether on this or that side the river, which is called the dividing stream between life and death—the mortal, and immortal. Humanity at the present time finds itself in a marked degree far below the medium round of the ladder of truth, that leads from the earthly, animal condition, up to the heavenly state, where the Christ angels dwell, and the victorious songs of overcomers resound through the arches of the glorious ' house not made with hands ;' yet the sounds reverberate and fall sweetly upon the ears of those in mortal form who have listening ears, and who stand upon the watch towers of Zion, earnestly looking for the appearance of message-bearers who scale the ladder that is accessible to mortals and angels, and connects the spheres—the human and divine. It would seem scarcely necessary to ask the cause of the false colors under which men and women sail, and the great dissembling to conceal the real character formed and maintained in private life in contrast with the one, painted, polished, and fashionable to meet the public eye. Those who have eyes to see, know that the cause lies in a departure from the just laws of nature and grace decreed by the universal lawgiver, for the well-being and happiness of all creatures and things which he has formed and caused to exist. Inordinate desires and uncontrolled passions have for centuries borne the masses down into a vortex where they toss widely upon its up-heaving billows, without power to extricate themselves. Priests and people have fallen into the ditch of sin together ; and while they strive to maintain their popular standing in society, fearfulness takes hold of their consciences when they remember that they are under the power of sensuality, intemperance and monopoly, and are in reality the servants of sin while professing to hold the truth that makes souls free. Sin, in any form, is a scourge ; it creates malaria, corrodes the heart, destroys the moral sensibilities, and despoils the beauties of the soul-temple, which should ever be in readiness for the reception of pure and exalted spirits to enter and hold communion, as divine teachers, indicating present duty, and pointing to the high lands of progression in spirit spheres, which are rendered more beautiful and lovely as souls ascend and unfold, and become more and more refined and God-like, reflecting the 174 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. dual likeness of the Eternal Parents— Father and Mother God. Multitudes of human beings are willing slaves to evil passions. Others sin ignorantly, and carelessly plod their way along life's toilsome journey, and reason that if they follow in the footsteps of their sires and grandsires, they will come out all right in the end. There is another class to whom sin is repugnant; and they deplore their captivity and long to be free from the oppressor's yoke; but the bonds are strong and they are held by them ; yet they struggle and pray for deliverance. They remember that one of the ancient prophets said : ' The Lord will suddenly come to his temple;' and they are looking for relief to come in some miraculous way : when, by super-human agency, they will be uplifted from low earthly conditions, be disenthralled and triumph in victory. The same prophet asked the question : ' Who may abide his coming '? and who shall stand when he appeareth ? for he is like refiner's fire and like fuller's soap ? ' Let us suggest to our pilgrim brother and sister, that we strive to hasten the coming of the Lord, by making a willing sacrifice of all our idols; mnd use all means within our reach to break down barriers that sin has formed between our souls and God. Let the inebriate hurl the intoxicating cup from his lips, and the warrior lay by his life-destroying weapons, and turn his energies to battle internal foes, those of his own heart. Let those who have stolen, steal no more. Let the sensualist renounce all iniquitous practices, and learn to be pure in thought, desire and action. Form our character— that of an honest man or woman—and then see if God is not already near ; and that he is coming nearer all the time, ready to dispense grace and truth as far and as fast as we are willing to receive it. God, through his mediators, will come to us, if we will make room for them by renouncing sinful deeds which we have power to do, if we so will it; and thus be practically saved. Other than this, salvation is a meaningless term. If we would rea,p well, we must soic well; be strictly honest; no longer be heard to say : ' Monopoly is wrong; but if others over-reach, T must do the same, else I cannot live.' But let us prove whether the ear that hears the ravens' cry, and the hand that feeds them, will not also hear our petitions and supply our needs.