EDITORIAL NOTES THE GRAND EVOLUTION The poetical allusion that 'his creed cannot be wrong whose life is in the right,' obtains a more general acquiescence than ever; and with such liberal admission, creed-bondage grows beautifully less, while the religion of reason assumes its G-od-giyen position of being right director of the soul. Once, ' Tell us what you believe, and we will know if your religion is the right one.' Now, 'We judge the tree by what it bears,' is the pretty general criterion of which theology is the true one. ' The good time coming ' — come — does away with religious controversies—'the gates of hell' and what manner of life is lived, decides the right or the wrong, the efficiency or deficiency of an adopted faith. The old-time tenacity for the maintenance of dead and dying creeds is scarcely anywhere to be seen or heard, excepting among those whose minds have been abused and strained by erroneous educations, and in whom evidences of lunacy are clearly apparent. The change — the evolvement — the rolling out of a more liberal and progressive religion, has been marvelously rapid, and the grand, most remarkable feature of our day is that it found such a general desire for it—such a universal acceptance of the religion of reason. Millions to-day look back one score years in wonder, and are unable to account for their great change of views; nor when the transformation took place that gave them broader and more loving humanity, that in opening the gates of heaven to all whose lives are right, whose fruits are good, whose works are best, dispels the narrow selfishness of their old theological spheres. The new Earth and Heavens have labored, and the children are born, almost unconsciously forced into superior life. The theologies of a century since are being washed by the intelligence of this age, and the gold remains, while the dross and dust are being carried by the stream of time into oblivion. Let none fear the loss of any good thing. Errors must die, and let us let them go to burial. Truths will supplant them, and let us hail their advent. Amid the tests of theologies,, their washings by reason, and their crucial tests by the fires of truth, there looms up more brightly than ever to the visions of the universal brotherhood the beautiful image of the Christ, undisturbedby vanishing errors. To all the excellencies of his right character, pure aims in life, advanced love for all humanity and exceeding admiration of resurrected humanity are clearly apparent. To this conclusion we are all hastening—that as yet no better model than Jesus, the Christ, has made its appearance on earth. Never has there been a more brilliant consecration of self for humanity's good; no greater renunciation of both the good and bad of the worldly to obtain possession of the more superior and heavenly. His radical positions upon and in favor of purity of life, while admired by the churches more than ever, are yet too radical for the majority. The admiration is on the road to acceptance. Even the correction of the perversions of worldly life to its purest and proper action, is a progress gtfiimriat. toward Christ's life. The multiplied testimonies from the people toward the correction of unnatural, fleshly lusts is very cheering. War, personal and national strifes, were never so unpopular, and a tendency is distinctly seen toward universal peace and good will. The large-hearted works of philanthropists speak many and stirring testimonies against personal accumulations and in favor of the universal interests of brotherly equality. 'Advance,' then, all along the line, is our captain's command. To the end that our lives will yet reflect the Master's, and, forsaking the love of the worldly, experiencing a complete renunciation as He did, a union of churches will consequently be established upon the incomparable basis of Christ's life, from which the most beautiful fruits will spring, indicatingits radical features best. QUERIES-ANSWERS ' Do tlie Shakers believe Jesus was divine from birth ? ' The Shakers are a body of people made up largely from adhesions by those previously belonging to other denominations, whose early educations were from the more popular creeds; hence some Shakers do believe so, but the majority of our people believe Jesus was pretty perfectly ' made under the law,' ' not of the nature of angels, but the seed of humanity;'1 'learned obedience by sufferings,' was tempted in all points, as are other men and women. The belief. pro or con, possessses no essential to salvation. We make all welcome to believe on such matters as they please, but require of members a purely celibate, peaceable, unworldly life. We, personally, believe Jesus to have been a good Jew, who was converted or progressed to the higher laws and life of Christianity. ' Do you believe Joseph was the father of Jesus ?' It is quite immaterial who was the father of Jesus, so that Jesus is a good and more excellent example for humanity, who would be genuine Christians, and not merely nominal Christians, to follow after. If God made Jesus other and better than the rest of humanity, He broke His own laws, and was thus unjust in giving superior advantages to one sent as a pattern for us to follow. If God broke His laws then, we are confident He never will again; and we are just as confident that those who believe He did break His own laws then would not believe the repetition of the circumstance if occurring to-day. ' Do you believe Jesus Christ and the God of heaven are one person ? ' We do not so believe. Christ is an honorary appendage, indicating that Jesus was anointed for the work He was called to do. To any exact follower of Jesus the. appellation is equally applicable, whether to Daniel, Frederick, Polly or Antoinette. We believe Jesus conformed His mind and life to God's will, and thus He and His Father were (of) one mind. Let us do likewise.