CONSUMPTION DANIEL FRAZER I. All diseases are traceable to violations of hygienic laws. II. Personal violations give rise to hereditary diseases; violations of them by society as a body, also originate diseases transmissible in the form of epidemics. III. Scrofula is the mother of consumption ; both have their origin in false dietetic and other bad habits, and especially in breathing re-breathed air. IV. When good air is constantly inhaled and all other habits are correct, scrofula cannot exist, hence consumption cannot be induced. V. All diseases originated by society or by individuals can be controlled, and their causes abolished. Consumption quietly carries off its vie- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 171 tims year after year. Has any public effort concentrating the hygienic light of our day been applied to arrest, and finally abolish consumption so destructive of life and of cherished hopes ? It has been thought that consumption causes a greater destruction of life in Boston in ten years, than yellow fever does in the same time in New Orleans. In the crescent city the enemy comes down in a moment, exciting the notice and sympathy of the whole land. In the space of a few weeks it fulfills its awful mission, mysteriously disappears and remains absent sometimes for years. Yellow fever is one of the protests against the existence of large cities; they are necessarily unclean. Suppose in countries visited by this scourge, that every dwelling shall have at least one acre of land attached to it, and every unclean thing of the city burnt up or buried, and hygienic law, lovingly, and of course faithfully obeyed, dietetically and procreatively by every [one, would any epidemic be able successfully to assail the people? Plenty of fresh air is the best disinfectant, and plenty of good earth the best deodorizer. Suppose we at the north should go as energetically to arrest consumption, as no doubt the people of the south will this summer, to prevent the approach of yellow fever; is not the road to success clearer to us than it is to those of the south to effect their object ? They can only act on general principles and hope for good results. We can understanding^ apply them, to effect a specific purpose. If breathing re-breathed air induces consumption, let us begin with the fact, that man, as with other animals, was created in reference to having free access to an ocean of air, forty or fifty miles deep ; and that it is a contravention of the order of things, for several persons to shut themselves up during the night, or at any time, without securing ample ventilation. That doing so, shows not only a want of culture, but also some ignorance of the nature of air and of the uses of breathing. Air is changed chemically at a most astonishing rate by being breathed only once ; the oxygen or vital air is greatly diminished, and the carbonic acid gas greatly increased, and if breathed twice or thrice, the gas of death becomes still more abundant, while the oxygen as rapidly disappears. We have in our close sleeping and sitting rooms a powerfully exciting cause of con sumption. Bring about a change in the matter of air, so as to accord with the nature of things, and correct other habits, and in two generations the possibilities are that a case of consumption would be rare. Ventilation can be secured to every apartment by having flues built in the walls, extending from the floors to the top of the house. The halls, and especially the cellars, should be so ventilated, keeping the whole house supplied with fresh air. Chimneys that have not a good draught should be rebuilt ; much better to have a tall chimney than a long doctor's bill. Trees should not be allowed to overtop a building, nor in any way to obstruct the air nor sunshine, more especially the morning rays. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.