Agricultural THE BIRDS AND AGRICULTURE F. W. EVANS It is true, the Sparrows have done us only good. It is pleasant in winter to see and hear them about, when every other bird has disappeared. From earliest childhood, in England, I was cotemporary with Sparrows. That they drive off singing birds is not true. I more think they attract them. In Worcestershire, they were to be seen in flocks, and singing birds of every kind, from the Linnet to the Skylark — from the Robin to the Nightingale — were in full force. We have more of other birds than the Sparrows. I am glad to see the United States government waking up to the necessity of protecting the birds. In the Report upon Foresting — 1878 — there is much valuable information, and many invaluable suggestions relative to birds in Europe and America. The Grasshopper plague of the West is clearly attributable to the wanton, selfish destruction of Wild Pigeons, Turkeys, Prairie hens, Grouse, Quails, and many birds that multiplied according to the food nature so bountifully provided for them in the form of insects, such as Grasshoppers, Beetles, etc., etc. The Birds being destroyed, as amateur huntsmen are destroying the Deer and Buffalo of the West, the balance of force in nature is destroyed, and human beings are punished by the food they would not let the birds eat — a righteous infliction. France, legislating in favor of its Agricultural friends, says: 'Birds are the natural guardians of our harvests, and the most precious aids to the farmer, yet are they, almost everywhere, treated as enemies. The husbandman, overlooking the constant services they render him, sees only the damage they may do. Children pursue them to their extermination, taking them with snares, and destroying their nests. Teachers should make children understand that they thus injure themselves.' 'The truth is,' says the Journal de Agriculture, ' small birds are disappearing more and more, and ^QXitUltUXKl. 214 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. races are becoming extinct. A dozen Blackbirds could not be killed in the Gironde. It is truly alarming to see sack full of little birds, which afford but a trifling amount of food for man, brought into our cities. Birds of passage are taken by thousands as they come weary with their flight over the sea. In Lanquedoc, 20,000 Quails are taken in April and May.' I expect Sparrows, if encouraged, to exterminate the Potato Beetle. Poultry do it effectually. Keep Poultry in Gardens and Orchards. Painting, where limbs are cut off, with Coal Tar, is a French practice. Woodman, Spare that Tree. Gunners Spare the Sparrows. A Connecticut farmer mixes a teaspoon of cayenne... A Connecticut farmer mixes a teaspoonf ul of cayenne or red pepper with the food of his hens, which causes them to lay more eggs. In six months a flock of twenty-six hens laid 2,025 eggs, or an average of 111-6 per day. On two occasions when by the omission of pepper the daily product was 9, the use of that spice brought up the number to 13 or more a day. The fowls were fed on corn-meal in the morning and oats at night. Care of Calves and Sheep Lard and kerosene are good to keep lice from calves ; sulphur mixed with salt is good to drive ticks from sheep. Calves, like all animals, should be kept growing from youth to maturity. Here is one place where the profits come in. There is always a loss of time and feed, and more, by allowing young animals to 'stand still' for six months or more of the year. Sheep are well clothed, and need shelter from snow or rain, and perhaps from the very strongest winds, but cold agrees with them. Feed them well ; give them plenty of water, in small flocks ; keep them dry, and they may stay out in the cold and thrive. A close, dark pen is a poor place for sheep. Straw for Horses A small quantity of straw might be fed to working horses without injury. Straw fed only once a day to a working horse is an entirely different thing from straw morning, noon and night. And it is the same with fattening animals. I have known straw to be fed to those in small quantities with some advantage. With milch cows it is different, and they may be fed considerable quantity of straw and not affect the flow of milk. The most important thing, and something that is usually neglected, is to keep the appetite of the stock always good. This is easily accomplished by judiciously feeding straw and hay together. I think a greater quantity of hay and straw can be fed together than of either alone. It is a serious mistake to give cattle a surfeit of straw, and, indeed, of any thing else. Country Gentleman Poultry versus Swine An enthusiastic breeder of poultry says : ' Farmers will feed a bushel of corn to produce six pounds of pork, while the same amount of corn will keep a good laying hen one year, and she will produce at least twelve dozen eggs, averaging 18 cents per dozen, which would equal $2.16; in adddition she would rear a brood of chickens worth as much more, making a total of nearly $5, against six pounds of pork at 10 cents, equaling 60 cents, or, in other words, the hen will yield seven times as much as the pig on the same quantity of food.'