THOUGHTS FOR TO-DAY Christ is coming Christ is Coming. — Frances E. Willard exclaims: 'Truly, Christ is coming, coming all the time, like sunrise from the east, or summer from the south, or heaven to hearts that love and look for His appearing. Happy are they who help to hasten, by a little, even, the day when He shall reign King of nations as He now reigns King of saints!' Some kindly deeds done Some Kindly Deeds Done. — Let every dawn of morning be to you as the beginning of life, and every setting sun be to you its close ; then let every one of these short lives leave its record of some kindly thing done for others, some godly strength or knowledge gained for yourself. Immortality Immortality. — The door between the two worlds has been constantly opening since the advent of man upon the earth, and the hour is at hand when it will be possible for the sons of men to view distinctly what is beyond. The only obstacle now in the way is the dull materiality by which man fetters himself to the earth, his painstaking devotion to stupidity, his self-stultification, his persistent wallowing in the slough of permanent errors, and the resolute sealing of his spiritual capacities to the light which is constantly beaming down upon him. Oh! when will 5man open his eyes to the divine capacities of his being? When will he take the same pains to know and to do the will of our Father in heaven, that he now takes to know and do foolishness? and when will he arise and take possession of that heritage which is placed at his disposal through the countless ages of the everlasting? Golden thoughts Golden Thoughts. — Buddha said: 'A man who foolishly does me wrong (or regards me as being or doing wrong), I will return to him the protection of my ungrudging love. The more evil goes from him, the more good shall go from me; the fragrance of these good actions always redounding to me, the harm of the slanderous words returning to him.' Be a good man, papa 'Be a Good Man, Papa.' — Leaving home this morning for the office, we kissed our little four-year-old good-bye, saying to him, ' Be a good boy to-day.' He somewhat surprised us by replying, ' I will. Be a good man, papa.' Sure enough, we thought. We need the exhortation more than he. And who could give it more effectually than this guileless prattler? The words of the little preacher have been ringing in our ears all day, and whether we wrote letters or editorials, pacified an irate correspondent whose effusion we could not publish, or pruned down a too lengthy report, we seemed to hear the sweet childvoice, saying, ' Be a good man, papa.' If the exhortation had been by Paul or Peter, would it have had more force than coming from this little apostle of innocence ? We think not, at least to our heart. Oh, how many little children if not in words, yet by the helplessness of their lives and the trustfulness of their little hearts, are pleading most eloquently, ' Papa, be a good man!' May their tender admonition be blessed of God to the rescuing of many precious souls from the wreck and ruin of sinful lives !— Christian.