THE BIRDS AND AGRICULTURE F. W. EVANS It is true, the Sparrows have done us only good. It is pleasant in winter to see and hear them about, when every other bird has disappeared. From earliest childhood, in England, I was cotemporary with Sparrows. That they drive off singing birds is not true. I more think they attract them. In Worcestershire, they were to be seen in flocks, and singing birds of every kind, from the Linnet to the Skylark — from the Robin to the Nightingale — were in full force. We have more of other birds than the Sparrows. I am glad to see the United States government waking up to the necessity of protecting the birds. In the Report upon Foresting — 1878 — there is much valuable information, and many invaluable suggestions relative to birds in Europe and America. The Grasshopper plague of the West is clearly attributable to the wanton, selfish destruction of Wild Pigeons, Turkeys, Prairie hens, Grouse, Quails, and many birds that multiplied according to the food nature so bountifully provided for them in the form of insects, such as Grasshoppers, Beetles, etc., etc. The Birds being destroyed, as amateur huntsmen are destroying the Deer and Buffalo of the West, the balance of force in nature is destroyed, and human beings are punished by the food they would not let the birds eat — a righteous infliction. France, legislating in favor of its Agricultural friends, says: 'Birds are the natural guardians of our harvests, and the most precious aids to the farmer, yet are they, almost everywhere, treated as enemies. The husbandman, overlooking the constant services they render him, sees only the damage they may do. Children pursue them to their extermination, taking them with snares, and destroying their nests. Teachers should make children understand that they thus injure themselves.' 'The truth is,' says the Journal de Agriculture, ' small birds are disappearing more and more, and ^QXitUltUXKl. 214 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. races are becoming extinct. A dozen Blackbirds could not be killed in the Gironde. It is truly alarming to see sack full of little birds, which afford but a trifling amount of food for man, brought into our cities. Birds of passage are taken by thousands as they come weary with their flight over the sea. In Lanquedoc, 20,000 Quails are taken in April and May.' I expect Sparrows, if encouraged, to exterminate the Potato Beetle. Poultry do it effectually. Keep Poultry in Gardens and Orchards. Painting, where limbs are cut off, with Coal Tar, is a French practice. Woodman, Spare that Tree. Gunners Spare the Sparrows.