THE SAVIOUR ON THE MOUNT MARTHA J. ANDERSON Pressed by the multitudes that thronged his way, And clamored for a miracle or test, Who sought the things that lasted but a day, Nor cared for truth his inner life had blessed. The lowty Jesus went his way apart, And his disciples followed him apace ; They knew the springs that welled within his heart Would flow to them in streams of living grace. His steps were bent unto the favored spot, Where he was wont to seek a calm retreat, While cares and trials all, his soul forgot; Where heaven and earth in close communion meet. The sunny beams upon the mountain broke; The Olive-trees with glistening dews were sweet; Among their branches gentle murmurs woke, And snowy blossoms fell before his feet. Fair emblems of the precious words that came Unsullied from the lips of him who spake To those who loved to hear, and name the name, That bore the power the slumbering soul to wake. Beneath the Olive's shade, whose glossy leaves 196 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Droop peacefully above his Christ like brow — The golden threads of life divine he weaves, In which beatitudes refulgent glow. The shimmering gleams that 'lumed the shady bower Were faint, compared with truth's bright piercing darts, That God had placed within the archer's power, To slay the foes that lurk in human hearts. He sat not there, with pharisaic mien, Propounding logic of a mystic creed ; But, with a spirit self-subdued, and clean, He ministered according to their needs. A flood of inspiration thrilled his soul, And thought expanding found expression free; The Christ-anointing held supreme control, And gave his spirit heavenly liberty. Before all men, O let your light shine forth ' That they may see your works are just and true, And glorify the Father, who hath wrought, A work which will create all things anew. He came, not to destroy the written law. But one more perfect to impress within ; When good for evil wrong would overawe, And righteousness would take the place of sin. He gave to them the simple, golden rule ; More potent than the conquering Roman state, The fires of passion to assuage and cool, And love its motor, to subdue all hate. They bowed their hearts in sacred reverence, While he in simple faith taught them to pray ; A prayer so full of trust, yet so intense, 'Twas like the glory of a new-born day. Fair lilies of the valley robed in white, Knew not the cankering care of mortal needs ; Yet he who trusting, dwells within His light, Our heavenly Father blesses, clothes and feeds. And thus he crystallized the gems of worth, In illustrative parable outwrought; While mighty principles which move the earth, Were to the understanding clearly taught. Some marvelled at the doctrine, strange and new, That Jesus taught the people day by day ; His wondrous system rose before their view, And all their old traditions swept away. The Messianic kingdom they had planned Came not in regal pomp, nor glittering show ; The Prince of Peace went forth through Judea's land, The seeds of everlasting life to sow. He healed the sick, the lame and blind made whole ; Demoniac spirits from his presence fled ; Superior forces acting through his soul, Restored to living consciousness, the dead. How beautiful upon the mountain's hight The Master in his earnestness appears ! All crowned with haloes of prophetic light, That circle 'round the centuries of years. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.