THE NEW WAYS IN RELIGION BY I. K. LOMBARD To-day I've been to meeting, John, To hear the parson preach, But how they've changed since we were young In all they do and teach. They say that we're old fashioned, John, And don't care what we say ; But my old heart can see and feel Whene'er they change God's way. When we were young the world was gay, And loved to make a show ; But Christians walked the narrow way, We could not with them go ; But oh, how things have changed since then, The two ways are but one ; They all go in together now, And say they've ' lots of fun.' When we were young and used to meet In our old kitchen room, And sometimes in the school-house near, If many chanced to come ; And Elder B-----, that good old man,— I'll ne'er forget his voice,— How faithfully he dealt with sin, And how the saints rejoiced. But now they meet in palaces, So gorgeous, rich and nice ; And every thing that draws the crowd, They'll have at any price ; With cushioned seats and carpetings, And everything so gay, The poor can hardly gather there,— They've not the scrip to pay, The minister, like some vain fop, Stands up and reads his prayers ; And how it pained my heart to-day To see him ' put on airs.' He did not preach, he only read An essay in Christ's voice ; No heart was touched, no tears were shed, And not a soul rejoiced. 200 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. He thought Christ's voice was musical, Melodious, rich and clear. And thus it sounded pleasantly Upon the listening ear. I heard some say as they passed out, ' Wasn't that a splendid thing ? ' And another said, ' That can't be beat By even Dr. Tyng.' 0 can it be that such vain fops Are called to speak for God, Who feed the Church on worldly slops, But never preach his Word ? 1 thought if Christ himself were there, We'd see some sighs and tears ; 'Ye Pharisees and hypocrites,' Would thunder in their ears, I thought of our old kitchen times, When servants sent by God Would warn us all so faithfully To love and keep his Word. They did not wink at worldliness, As ministers now do ; O give me back the olden ways, I do not like the new. A hoarse machine now grinds their tunes, A godless choir joins in, But neither one can tell of joys That come from pardoned sin. They sang God's praise when we were young Because their hearts were blest ; A well-paid choir now chants their songs, And so the Church has rest. My heart was pained to see the show They tried to make in dress, All nnified from top to toe, And some look like distress. With frills and flounces, tucks and crimps, They seemed almost deformed; And many had the Grecian bend, With camel's hump all formed. They noticed my plain calico, And thought my bonnet '• odd ; ' And frequently they smiled, I know, But I had peace with God. I thought of times when we were young, When all the proud and gay Would make the Christian's dress their song, And jest them every way. 'Tis sad, when all the world runs mad In foolish, vain display, To see the Church so fast and glad To ape them every way. The Church has changed since former days In all they say and do ; But give me back the olden ways, I do not like the new. They're strangely bent on pleasure now ; They meet most every week To have some sort of lively spree, That worldlings love and seek. But whether 'tis a festival, Or sociable, or fair. Or Christmas tree, or other scrape, The Church will all be there. With lotteries and grab-bags, And other tricks and games, They make God's house a den of thieves, Without a blush of shame ! Lord of the temple, come with zeal, As thou didst come of yore, With scourge in hand to make them feel, Before their day is o'er. They all attend such gatherings, But when they meet to pray, There are but few who venture out, And they've not much to say. They lightly speak of former days, When Christian men were true ; But give me back the olden ways, I do not like the new. What means this strange departure, John, And when will they amend ? God's day of wrath is hastening on, When all earth's shams will end. That awful hour is drawing near ; Its signs are gathering fast ; The judge of all will soon be here, To scrutinize the past. Our record then will be made known, Our habits, thoughts and aims ; And some must hear from God's own throne ' You've brought my cause to shame.' Ah! then what grief and sore regret Will reach them in that day, Because they've chosen worldliness, And scoffed at God's old way. Yates County Chronicle.