Editorial EXACTIONS OF TRUE CHRISTIANITY Eadical Christianity, while granting to every individual the rights of free agency—to choose to be Christians or to refuse so to be—is yet full of aggressions upon the worldly affections of those who accept of and obey its radical commands. True, it teaches non-resistance to those who profess it; yet it demands of them resistance, even to violence, against temptations toward worldly inclinations. It sets its adherents at variance with worldly institutions and relations ; and is a sword, to the severing from true Christian lives, the dearest relations that a worldly mind can imagine. It requires a constant warfare with inclinations, that are however good after a worldly estimation, or however affectionate to the heart unchastened by Christian law; and bids a denial to the most sacred and honored of worldly associations. Its demands are significant of an entire relinquishment of personal property or individual gains, and of a complete self-consecration to the most unselfish employments. To those .just starting in life, full of hopes, aspirations, and determinations to have and enjoy a surfeit of this world's pleasure, even after the most approved dictation of the moral laws, radical Christianity says, if they would be its disciples, they must forsake all these, and follow the Master. To every young man and woman who hears its voice, and makes it a practical profession, it speaks today, as plainly and significantly, as did Jesus to the young Jew of old : ' Gro sell all that thou hast, then come and follow me /' To them it sends out invitations to deny themselves of the relations of marriage—of being husbands and wives, fathers and mothers, having children, and private property to sustain these—and to choose rather, the virgin estate of Jesus, the Christ! To them it says: 'Deny yourselves of an entrance upon the arena of worldly indulgences, and choose rather a life of superior spirituality, as far apart from all selfish loves and lusts as was the Christ's.' To those who have been and are entangled in the maelstrom and snares of generative, fleshly, selfpleasing and self-seeking associations, radical Christianity demands as credentials of fellowship, a dissolution of even the appearance of these, and offers as a substitute the angelic relations of the superior world, where they 'neither marry nor are given in marriage,' where heavenly, and the purest of virgin loves and lives are engaged in. It offers as a superior inducement to selfish loves, and1 exertions for earthly emoluments and property for self, an opportunity to die unto selfishness by working from a love of nobler principles and pure philanthropy, and from an affection for the fruits of selfdenial, for the best interests and most exalted conditions of all humanity. However radical Christianity is and has ever been, and it is very radical if it is the religion of Jesus—no excuses in it for selfish loves nor relations —no pandering in it to the fleshly indulgences to which humanity is prone —yet it forces itself upon no one. It gives license to any and all to sow just what they please, and then makes them welcome to reap the rewards of the %ftitoxinl. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 207 sowing. But it' disowns and denies the commonly implied hope, that souls may sow to the flesh and to selfish loves and lusts, and that Jesus or any other will or can relieve or excuse them from the consequences. It does however contain exactions that are peremptory upon those who would be really and truly followers after the life of the Master, Jesus, the Christ. It does say: ' You may marry, be husbands and wives, fathers and mothers, have property, go to war, and otherwise be children of the world; but in none of these are you Christians, nor followers after Christ. And if you would be Christians deny yourselves of all these, then come and follow Christ.' Radical Christianity admits that the order of life lived by the children of the world may be, and properly lived, is good. Yet it presents the letter and the best as superior substitutes for all it asks any to forsake. It does ask for many denials to selfishness—it does not propose suppressions—but it invariably supplants this with something superior every time. The vast majority have determined for themselves that it is asking too much of them, when invited to be followers of Christ—Christians—-by living his life, and a mere profession of faith covers all their obligations, while their worldly associations, lives, and aspirations for the future, find no similarity nor sympathy with Christ's life. And they are not Christians. ' Unless men and women deny themselves as I have denied myself' said the Christian Leader, Christ Jesus, ' they are not Christians—they cannot be my disciples ! ' Such is the kindness of Christianity that it says: ' Whosoever will be my disciple, let him ; ' and such is its decisive conclusion, that whosoever wills not to be a disciple, nor live the self-denying life of Jesus, they are welcome to their choice, their reward; but they are not Christians, and can have no part with them. Christianity is aggressive ; but only to the worldly loves and lives of those who, having named the name of Christ, should therefore depart from all iniquity. NOTES THE SENSATION ABOUT HEBREWS ' Grod is no respecter of persons; ' but He is of characters, and in His dealings with humanity will make this thoroughly understood. For any human being in this intelligent age to attempt to stir up a spirit of caste, merely and solely upon the grounds of nationalities or religious persuasions, is worse than foolish, and very reasonably merits the censure, odium, and disgust, of all fair-minded humanity who have the least milk of human kindness yet remaining in their souls. Such was the opinion of the grand majority, when, last year, the very inferior, puerile Hilton refused human civilities to a noble Jew ; and now another miserable, rich man named Oorbin, is making a very disgusting historical record, by a similar persecution of those who, as a class, are very much better than he is. He will be severely punished by the good sense of a right-thinking humanity. Jesus, who became the Christ of His day, was a Jew; and yet we scarcely ever think of His Hebrew lineage in our extreme admiration of His beauti- ful character. Had he been an Irishman, or even an American, it certainly would make no difference to us, so that He was such an unequaled model of chastity and heavenly nobility.