THE VALLEY OF SILENCE I walk down the Valley of Silence, Down the dim, voiceless valley alone, And I hear not the sound of a footstep Around me, but God's and my own ; And the hush of my heart is as holy As hovers where angels have flown. Long ago was I weary of voices Whose music my soul could not win ; Long ago was I weary of noises That fretted my soul with their din ; Long ago was I weary of places Where I met but the human and sin. I walked in the world with the worldly, Yet I craved what the world never gave ; And I said, in the world each ideal That shines like a star on life's wave, Is toned on the shores of the real, And sleeps like a dream in the grave. And still did I pine for the perfect, And still found the false with the true ; I sought 'mid the human of Heaven, And caught a mere glimpse of its blue ; And I sighed when the clouds of the mortal Veiled even that glimpse from my view. And I toiled on, heart-tired of the human, And groaned 'mid the masses of men ; Till I knelt long ago at an altar, And heard a voice call me. Since then I walked down the Valley of Silence That lies far beyond human ken. Do you ask what I found in the Valley ? 'Tis my trysting-place with the Divine ; And I fell at the feet of the Holy, And around me a voice said, '' Be Mine ! ' Then arose from the depths of my soul An echo, ' My heart shall be Thine.' Do you ask how I live in the Valley ? I weep and I dream and I pray; But my tears are as sweet as the dew-drops That fall on the roses in May; And my prayers like a perfume from censer, Ascend eth to God night and day. In the hush of the Valley of Silence I hear all the songs that I sing ; And the music floats down the dim Valley Till each finds a word for a wing ; That to men like the doves of the deluge The message of peace they may bring. But far on the deep there are billows That never shall break on the beach, And I have heard songs in the silence That never shall float into speech, And I have had dreams in the Valley Too lofty for language to reach. And I have seen thoughts in the Valley— Ah, me ! how my spirit was stirred ! They wear holy veils on their faces; Their footsteps can scarcely be heard; They pass down the Valley like virgins, Too pure for the touch of a word. Do you ask me the place of this Valley, To hearts that are harrowed by care ? It lieth afar between mountains, And God and his angels are there; And one is the dark mount of sorrow, And one bright mountain of prayer. Father Ryan, of Mobile