HOW SHALL SUNDAY BE USED? Simply as a day of rest it meets a most imperative want. Our American life is at the best too hurried and feverish. We waste our strength in over-exertion. We burn the candle at both ends and in the middle, and reap our reward in such a harvest of nervous disorders as was never known elsewhere. From the too eager strain and stress of the week Sunday offers a blessed relief. Its rest is incomplete unless the wanted current of ideas, as well as occupations, is interrupted. A. first and obvious principle therefore to get away from the habitual activities of the other six days, however good they may be in themselves. A teacher, for example, should as a general thing not teach on Sunday, but let the mind relax wholly from the attitude of instruction. So, a man who works his brain all the week can rarely afford to listen on Sunday to a sermon which keenly stimulates thought, though a service of beautiful and hearty worship may rest and refresh him. To say that no general rules can be laid down in such matters is obvious ; the harder and more important thing is for each one to recognize that for him there is a good rule attainable, dependent on his character and circumstances, and that it is his business first to find it out and then to be faithful to it. Most people are very willing to take Sunday as a day of rest, and resent any encroachment on their own rest. But the day has a higher function. It ought to give moral guidance and impulse to the week. It is the time to take a large and calm view of one's life ; to see what its real objects are ; what are its temper and spirit. Much of the time we are so absorbed in the details of living that we forget to ask whether it is all tending. The fault of most lives is not that they are consciously directed to bad or low ends, but that they have no distinct end in view ; they are merely drifting. We do a thing to-day because we did it yesterday. We earn our bread because otherwise we should go hungry or starve. We live from hand to mouth. Now, it is good that we should often stop a little while — once in seven days is seldom enough — and ask ourselves, ' What real gain am I making ? Am I growing in true worth, in manhood, in sincerity, in sweetness of temper ? Am I getting the better of sensuality, of indolence, of surliness, of whatever is the worse part of me ? What am I adding to the community ; what other lives are brighter because of mine ? ' It is good to look at our own life in its serious and noble aspect; to be humble before its deficiencies ; to set our firmest will toward better living ; to take a deep and thankful and trustful sense of a higher power helping us in our infirmities. Such hours as this, if they are habitual, will shape the course of our lives. True, we constantly fall short of our own aspiration and purpose. But to have the aspiration and purpose to hold to it, to constantly recur to it — this is every thing. What we really want to be, what we seek to be, that we shall be. Jesus said, not only ' Blessed are the pure in heart, the merciful, the peace-makers,' but ' Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst after righteousness '— Tightness of life — ' for they shall be filled.' Paul wrote : ' Whatsoever things are true, honest, just, pure, lovely, of good report — think on these things.' To think on them, to long for them, will bring us to seek and find them. Springfield Republican.