BIBLE READING REV. WILLIAM LAMSON, D. D. One of the most interesting and hopeful features of the present revival work is the attention that is given to the Bible. Public Bible-readings are a new and blessed means employed. God honors those who put honor on His Word. But let us for a little turn attention to private, personal reading of the Scriptures. How, where the Scriptures are not wholly neglected, are they used ? It is the practice with some to take the Bible at some time every day and read one or more chapters wherever it chances to open. Sup- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 199 pose the student of any other text-book thus to treat it. One wishes to become acquaint ed with the history of the United States' and having furnished himself with Ban' croft's History, he takes an hour every day to devote to it, and having taken up one of its volumes he lets it open where it will, and then reads so many pages as a task, pursuing this course from the first to the last day of the year. How much will he have learned of the history of his country in that way ? Others make a practice of reading the entire Bible through every year, beginning with the first chapter of Genesis on the first day of January, and closing the book of Revela. tion on the last day of December. I read recently of one who for years readjust thirty chapters every day in his Bible. For all the purposes of biblical knowledge he might probably just as well have read thirty pages in Webster's Dictionary. But how shall we use the Bible ? That is, how shall the ordinary Christian, merchant or mechanic use his Bible, so as to be profited by it ? Mr. Moody has preached a sermon on this topic, and it lias been published as a tract. It contains some useful hints and lessons, and we wish it might be extensively read. One important suggestion is that the Bible be studied topically. Take, for instance, the topic of prayer. With a good Concordance or with only a reference Bible, let one sit down to learn the Bible teaching on prayer. He would not exhaust the sub ject at one sitting. But when he had completed the search, what a f and of most precious knowledge he will have acquired. More valuable information he would get by this one study than by reading the Bible through yearly for three-score years. Or take heaven as a topic, and go through the Bible gather, ing all its teaching on that topic. And so of forgiveness, love, faith, the topics are numerous and every one precious. A good reference Bible is invaluable to one who would ' search the Scriptures.' A number of years since an intelligent lad among my people thought he had become a Christian. In talking with him on his evidences, I said, ' Do you love prayer ? ' ' O yes,' was the prompt reply. ' Do you love the Bible ? ' He hesitated, and then said, ' I do not think I do.' I loved his frankness. ' But,' said I, ' how do you read the Bible?' It was near the beginning of the year, and with the new year he began to read the Bible in course, and he had then reached Leviticus, and was conscientiously reading so many chapters every day, and vexing his soul because he found no enjoyment in it. Because he found more pleasure in reading Harper's MontMy than in reading the record of Jewish statutes, he doubted his piety.— The Watchman.