GOSPEL WIT, BUT TRUTHS, NEVERTHELESS Shop girls recognize a lady by her manners and not by her dress. It has been remarked that, however hard the times, ' the wages of sin' have never been cut down. Bob Ingersoll ^hinks that if there should happen to be such a place, the tormentors of the poor Southern negroes will have the hottest corner of it. ' Don't show my letters,' wrote a young man to a young lady. ' Don't be afraid,' was the reply ; ' I am just as much ashamed of them as you are.' An agricultural paper advises the farmer to count his sheep every day. If it comes to that we should advise the farmer to move into a better neighborhood. ' Bub, did you ever stop to think,' said a grocer recently, as he measured out half a peck of potatoes, 'that these potatoes contain sugar, water and starch?' ' Noa, I didn't,' replied the boy, ' but I heard mother say you put peas and beans in your coffee and about a pint of water in every quart of milk you sold.' The subject of natural philosophy was dropped right there. We have no confidence in cross Christianity. It is not the Christianity of the cross ; and it denies the Master as openly and effectually as did Peter when he said, ' I know not the man.' Paupers suffer less than mizers do — the man who don't kno whar he iz going to get hiz next dinner, suffers less than the one who iz anxious to kno how much it iz going to kost him. — Billings. Some robbers, having broken into a gentleman's house, went to the bed of the servant, and told him if he moved he was a dead man. ' That's a falsehood,' said he, '* for if I move, I'm sure that I'm alive.' A touching story is told of a little New Haven child, who, having received a ' reward of merit card ' from her teacher, held it up toward the sky all the way home that her dead father might see how good she had been. A young candidate for admission to one of our colleges was severely taken to task by his father for failing in the previous examination, to whom he replied that he gave a correct answer to every question. It turned out that his answer to every question was, 'i don't know.' Rev. Mr. Hubbell was riding on the New Haven road with a brother clergyman. On the train passing through Milford, the brother clergyman observed: 'I used to preach in that place. That was sometime ago. I learn that the church is now used for an onion depot.' ' In which case it probably sheds more tears than it did then,' solemnly suggested the Danbury pastor. The brother clergyman sank into a profound reverie.