A CRUEL LIBEL BY CECELIA DEVYR Perhaps the newspapers we should forgive— They need much charity on slander's score— And we're persuaded that subscribers live On just such product as their columns store; But there's one slander that disturbs and harrows — It came to us on bitter wintry air — It was a libel on our friendly sparrows, 'Twas unprovoked, uncivil and unfair. It was a bold and merciless assertion, That sparrows killed or banished birds of song ; It filled the land with ignorant aversion, And who will trace the workings of that wrong! Of honest character such defamation Put forth in malice, or but done in sport, Should rouse the justice of a liberal nation, And have a hearing in the Highest Court. But we recall that once was judgment given, That made us all that Court's decree suspect ; It was about a race that prayed to heaven, That had no rights that Christians need respect ! Well, then there was a wondrous change of benches, Although the people did not go to Court, But took themselves to gunboats and to trenches, And then to capturing citadel and fort. It always seemed like madness to the Shakers, That they so many thousand men must kill. To teach officials they were not law-makers, Nor had they rights above the people's will, And now it seems to us a wondrous pity. Its heights and depths cannot be drawn in words, That goose-quills nurtured only in a city, With sharpened points should scrawl about the birds. What can they know ? The ancient hissing gander In whose tough pinions they were far from loose, Was hatched out in a town whose air was slander, And by a mother, known to be a goose. But in our home the libel soon was ended, And from experience praise could fill the theme, The twittering tribe that we mid storm befriended, Most worthy of our kindly love we deem. They came to us as shivering, hungry strangers, Of bad report, and yet we took them in. And from that day these outlawed little rangers, Have never ceased our confidence to win. The spring and summer had their old-time singing. The door-yard trees their quaint and quiet nests; While brilliant birds their joyous flight were winging. All unmolested by our russet guests. They took a birds-eye view with this conclusion; ' Earth's the Lord's, and so to us is free, We'll own our houses — that will save confusion, And for our living all work faithfully,' So we refute the charge of goose Quill's making And do espouse the humble sparrows' cause, We would be sure millennial day was breaking If men were governed by such righteous laws. Mt. Lebanon, N. F.