AHMO; OR, 'THERE'S NO SUCH WORD AS FAIL' A Chinese Story. Grenville T. Sproat The following story was communicated to the writer by Ah Sing, an intelligent Chinaman of San Francisco, in reply to the request : ' Will you give me a specimen of child-lore among the Chinese ? ' Little Ahmo lived in Hong Kong, in China. His home was a little hut in the suburbs of the city, overlooking the beautiful bay covered with junks, with dark mountains frowning in the distance. He was a watercarrier, and might be seen every day trudging through the dusty streets of the city, with a pole across his shoulders, from the ends of which dangled two buckets filled with water to sell. Sometimes he would go all day, calling at every house; but nobody wanted to buy, and little Ahmo would not earn a penny to buy his supper that night, and would have to go to bed tired and hungry. One evening, after walking all day through the streets of Hong Kong, and not selling a single penny's worth of water, he came to his hut sad and weary, and sat with his head resting on his knees — when his fosterfather came to the door and looked in upon him. ' Why art thou so sad, my son ? ' said his foster-father. ' Are the birds all flown from the celestial kingdom, and are there no flowers for thee to gather ? Up with thee, and be no longer a loiterer and sluggard! Thou must climb the mountain if thou wouldst reach paradise !' ' Father,' said little Ahmo, ' I am sick and weary of this way of life. All day long have I trod the burning streets of the city, trying to sell a little water. But no one would buy of poor Ahmo! Is there no country on the globe, out of the celestial empire, where one will not have to labor so hard, and fare so ill ? Oh! I would go many miles to reach such a country ! ' 'Wouldst thou?' said his foster-father. I can tell thee of such a country ; but thou will have to travel far, and climb high to reach it. ¦ It is far distant — far beyond the tallest mountains that skirt the celestial kingdom.' ¦' Tell me not of its distance! ' said Ahmo; ' or of the weary miles I must travel to reach it. Show me where it is — direct me on the way, and I will climb rocks and precipices, and scale huge cliffs where the goats never climb, and where the eagle scarcely dares build her nest! Tell me where it is, and I will reach it, though mountains lie between ! ' 'Come to my hut,' said his foster-father; ' Come early to-morrow morning, aad I will show thee the way to that beautiful country.' Little Ahmo hardly slept a wink that night, thinking of his journey, and the way he should travel on it. 'I have never failed yet,' he said, ' in all I have undertaken, save in this water business of mine ; and that was no fault of mine, seeing that others would not buy. I never failed yet, nor will I. ' There's no such word as fail! ' ' So, early the next morning, he was up by the first streak of dawn, and off to his foster-father's house. The old man was ready, and waiting for him, and had prepared a nice basket of rice, and some fruit, for the journey. 'Follow me,' he said; 'thou hast far to go, and thy legs will be weary. Follow me, and I will show thee the country better than this, which is thine by birthright.' So away he hastened, and little Ahmo followed him, and he had to walk very fast, for his legs were short, and his foster-father was a great traveler. Away over hills and plains, and through valleys and villages, and across rivers, till they came to the foot of a very tall mountain. ' This mountain is high,' said his fosterfather ; ' the top reaches above the clouds ; wilt thou essay to ascend it ? ' ' I will do any thing,' said Ahmo, ' any thing that one like myself has done.' ' Bravo ! ' said his foster-father ; ' come on! ' Up the mountain they went — up over rocks, and cliffs, and steep precipices, that 'gixt ©Mttotx's Cgr0tt0. 210 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. seemed walled to heaven —- up, beyond where the goats were feeding, and where they seemed to look upon them with amaze ment—- up, beyond where the eagle built her nest. Sometimes Ahmo's brain grew dizzy, and he thought he must fall; but he clung to the vines on the rocks, and clambered still higher, all the time saying: ' There's no such word as fail! ' At last they reached the summit of the great mountain, and Ahmo sat down to rest, and his foster-father was seated beside him. ' Thou hast done bravely,' said his foster-father ; ' one trial more and the work is done. Seest thou that cloud resting on the summit of the mountain ? ' ' I see it,' said Ahmo. 'Just above that cloud is a beautiful plain ; thou must break the way through it and ascend, and thou wilt come to the country that I told thee of — a country far better and richer than this. But see that thy foot stands firm; for if it slips thou losest thy labor, and thou wilt have to toil still farther.' Ahmo ascended the summit, and had his hand on the cloud. He sprang forward to break his way through it; but his foot slipped, and he rolled very far down the mountain. 'Certes,' said he, getting up and rubbing Ms bruised limbs, ' Ahmo, thy name should be called ' Luckless !' Here I am, bruised and sadly lamed, and the worst of it is I must climb all those rugged rocks again. But 'tis no use to fret;' and he started again up the mountain, whistling and singing as he went, ' There's no such word as fail! ' ' Bravo ! ' said his foster-father, as he saw him ascending to the top. ' Bravo ! ' By slip and fall We're wiser all. ' Thou wilt reach the beautiful country, I do believe, at last, Bravo ! ' Ahmo rested a while, and then the second time he ascended the summit. This time his foot did not slip; but his hand lost its hold, and away he went, toppling over, and down against the rugged sides of the mountain. He was more bruised and lamed than before, and he said, with a wry face, ' 'Tis a sorry task ! I did not mean to get discouraged, though I broke every bone in my shin ! Yea, it is a very sorry task ! But, cheer up, Ahmo! better luck next time. Only they who strive can win — Winners only wear the crown ; Brave hearts never are cast down.' ' Ha! not dead yet!' said his fosterfather, as he saw him ascending the mountain the third time. ' Thou hast a brave heart, and thou well deservest a rest in the beautiful kingdom. Come with me. Thou needest to make but one more trial, and thou wilt succeed.' Ahmo ascended to the summit, the third time ; but now the sky gave way before his hand, and he ascended to a beautiful place the other side of the cloud, where were vineyards, and orange groves, and palaces, and rivers of water, and abundance of fruit. None were poor, tired, nor hungry, neither bending with heavy burdens, as in the dusty Hong Kong streets. And Ahmo became a prince, and was much loved by the lord of the country, and he gave him a kingly robe, and on the robe was written this motto — 'There's no such word as fail.' Canaan, N. Y.