JUSTICE IS GOD'S THRONE ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE When wo see the inequality of the rich and poor, of individuals who by inheritance or stealth hold within their grasp hundreds of millions of dollars, and who spend their unearned wealth in profligate habits, luxuriating on costly wines and extravagant dinners—which stimulate animal passions and lead to gross sensuality—the language of our heart is ' God is not there; ' neither will ' wisdom, whose dwelling place is with prudence,' consort with gluttons and wine bibbers. We turn to the poverty stricken and oppressed, who perhaps through want are driven into crime, and the haunts of vice and woe, there to drag out a brief but miserable existence. Again we say, ' God is not there,' except as a reprover—for He does not dwell in unclean temples filled with idols, and idol worshipers. If 'wisdom is justified of her children,' who are her children, and where is she to be found ? Will it be considered an untenable position or sacrilegious if we affirm that God never made man a millionaire nor a pauper; neither a murderer nor a sensualist ? Can man, or any number of men, by an enactment of law, under any pretext whatever, make right what in principle is wrong? One man cannot accumulate millions of dollars in a life-time, even in a century of years, and be a truly just and honest man ; for by the toil of his own hands, if ever so industrious, and the wl sweat of his own brow ' he cannot earn that amount. By brain work, he may heap up gold and silver in large sums, taking by might not right, from his weaker brother his just dues for labor performed, which rightly named, is 'legalized theft;' and he is honored and sustained by public opinion and the spirit of the times. The poor man, who has been robbed of the fruits of hard-earned toil, if he steals five dollars, is condemned at what is termed the ' bar of justice ' as having committed a criminal act and is tried, fined and placed for a limited time, longer or shorter, within the walls of a cold, cheerless prison to atone for the penal offense. Again, rulers and law givers justify bloodshed and slaughter, when it is done in a prescribed manner. If there be what is termed a national insult, or violation of international law unredressed, then if thousands under their ' National Banner,' uprise in a war spirit to avenge the wrong by slaying multitudes of innocent but helpless human beings, it is sanctioned by public eclat, honored by political prefer- 194 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. merit, and rewarded by large drafts upon the public treasury ; when, if for an individual wrong or insult, a murder is perpetrated, then it becomes a heinous crime, and the law passes the rigorous sentence: ' An eye for an eye, life for life.' So in regard to sensuality, if legalized and hid under a cloak of marriage, it is sanctioned by public consent, and not a dissenting voice is heard from pulpit nor press. But they who sell their chastity for profit or pleasure, not having taken shelter behind the matrimonial screen, must bear the odium of public scorn, and become outcasts, not worthy a place in respectable society. ' The Lord seeth not as man seeth ; ' He looks at the heart, and judges justly. Heaven is not formed of nor for millionaires, military chieftains, nor legalized adulterers ; and we do not go beyond the bounds of prudence when we assert, that there are neither millionaires nor paupers, warriors nor adulterers in heaven. Christ, the redeeming spirit, must work to uplift, purge and purify them from the spirit of monopoly—of war and sensual appetites and desires, regardless of names or professions, before they can be at peace with God, and enjoy the full communion of saints, without which there can be no heaven. God's ministers may plead, angels may weep and pity, but without co-operation with the redeeming spirit, and suffering upon the cross, and dying to all that is selfish, unjust and unholy, there can be no heaven formed in this nor any other sphere of existence. Justice is God's law, where he sits enthroned.