Shaker Sermons.— Scripto- Rationale ; Containing the Substance of Shaker Theology together with replies and criticisms logically and clearly set forth. By Elder H. L. Eads, Bishop of South Union, Ky. Such is the title of one of the most valuable collections of Shaker Theology that it has been our good fortune to review and enjoy perusal of. Its author is well known in the west as one of the most indefatigable individuals ever born there. Like his cousin, of Mississippi jetty fame, whatever he has put his hands to do, he has done with all his might, and in his projects has been philosophically ] successful. The Am. Socialist lately paid him this tribute. ' Capt. Eads, of jetty fame, is a cousin of the Minister of the South Union (Ky.) Society of Shakers, who is trying to do his part in removing obstructions of quite another kind than those found at the mouth of the Father of Waters.' Now let us give our side of his history, for it is worth giving, and he being past three-score and ten years will not be vain in our expose. Elder H. L. Eads was born in a log cabin near So. Union, Ky., April 28, 1807. Joined the Society in his mother's arms (!) at its first gathering on the 17th day of the November following. Was ' given up to the Lord,' and placed in the children's order before he was one year old, poor little fellow ! All he is, or has, the Shakers made and gave him, after obtaining his existence. He continued to live in a little log cabin until he was 15 years old. After four years of age, attended school three months each year, learned to read, spell, write, 'and'tis said, could cipher too ' as far as rule of three and vulgar fractions. All else (and he is the best read scholar, writer and logician ever reared among the Shakers) he has ' picked up ' at spare moments. After he was 6 or 8 years of age he worked sedulously at some manual labor for nine months each year. Learned the shoemaker's trade by four years' active service ; was a teamster two years ; a seed grower for eight years. Was next elevated to the ministry (1836) with Elder B. S. Youngs (the first missionary sent from the mother society to the west) and now ' paid his way' by learning and working at the tailor and book-binding trades. In 1844 was suddenly called to Ohio ! Was then informed of his releaseinent from the capacity of a bishop, and requested to make his home at U. Village Society. This he did without ever inquiring the reasons for his displacement, and to this day he is ignorant of the cause ! In Ohio he learned and worked two years at wool-carding and spinning, also at the tin and sheet-iron works. Was appointed the Novitiate Elder at U. Village, O., in 1846, remaining at the same twelve years, there learning the Dentistry, Printing, Painting, and the Hat trades. Was relieved from the eldership in 1858, and worked as a common laborer for two full years, when he was again appointed the elder of a senior family. At this, as well as at the Novitiate family, he was very successful in his undertakings. At the opening of the (un)civil war, was sent back to Kentucky to assume the position he so suddenly vacated in 1844—the junior Bishop in the Society, having been absent more than eighteen years. Next became one of the Bishops in the consolidated Ministry of the two Kentucky Societies. In 1872 this consolidation was dissolved, and he became and has remained acting head of South Union Society. After reading such a biographical sketch, nearly every one will want to know the outgrowths of philosophy, experience and religion from such a genial and good man. If on reading his book he appears bigoted, charge this to his enthusiasm and deep sincerity. We promise the reader a rich treat and a logical consistency all through the book. His criticisms of Beecher, Tyndall, Talmadge, Dr. McCosh and others, are exceedingly good. His logic in ' Types of Christ' has nowhere been equaled in printer's types. His arraignment of false theologians may appear severe ; but it is the severity of the scalpel—a demanded severity. To those wishing the steel-plate engraving of the old man, pretty and eloquent, in conjunction with book, send One Dollar for the book to The Shaker gatfk gaftlje*