TRUE RELIGION! WHAT IS IT? No. 1 G. B. AVERY James, the Apostle of Jesus, said,'pure religion, and undefiled before God the Father is this, to visit the widow and fatherless, and keep one's self unspotted from the world.' To do something, not merely to believe something, not simply to believe that Jesus did all the work of salvation for sinners ! Thus, salvation from sin, by living as Jesus lived, is made to mean expiation for sin, by believing that Jesus did good things ! How is such salvation possibly compatible with the kind of salvation Jesus came to institute, if souls continue to sin while professedly believing in Jesus? for, it is written, ' His name shall be called Jesus, i. e., Saviour, for he shall save his people from their sins.' ' If any man be in Christ, he is a newcreature ; old things are done away and all things are become new, and all things of God.' Here is the fruit of spiritual toil, something done ! 'No man having drunken old wine straightway desireth new, for he saith the old is better,' said Jesus, but, in religion, or religious belief, men would keep THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 203 on drinking the old wine ; that is, in the present time, taking precepts for a guide of life which belonged to dispensations done away, when Jesus introduced the Kingdom of Heaven on earth. ' When that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part (only) shall he done away.' But, mankind substitute conventional institutions — the creeds and dogmas made by councils—for religion, and call things by wrong names,— Salvation from sin, is made to mean expiation or apology for sin. Religion, is made to mean belief in what Jesus did, instead of doing the works he did ! Love is made to mean a mere heat of the blood — a passional, animal attraction to an individual of opposite sex. True loie is a holy soul flame pure as sunlight, and reaches out to all humanity. Affection is made to mean the mere operations of the nerves,—the elimination of attachment which passion institutes ; but, true affection is that soul-felt interest in the well-being of another, which is ready to sacrifice self-interest, ease, pleasure and gain, for another's happiness, and unwilling to mar that happiness by any means. 'If within the sophisticated man there is not an unsophisticated one he is simply one of Satan's emissaries.'