Agricultural THE BIRDS AND AGRICULTURE F. W. EVANS It is true, the Sparrows have done us only good. It is pleasant in winter to see and hear them about, when every other bird has disappeared. From earliest childhood, in England, I was cotemporary with Sparrows. That they drive off singing birds is not true. I more think they attract them. In Worcestershire, they were to be seen in flocks, and singing birds of every kind, from the Linnet to the Skylark — from the Robin to the Nightingale — were in full force. We have more of other birds than the Sparrows. I am glad to see the United States government waking up to the necessity of protecting the birds. In the Report upon Foresting — 1878 — there is much valuable information, and many invaluable suggestions relative to birds in Europe and America. The Grasshopper plague of the West is clearly attributable to the wanton, selfish destruction of Wild Pigeons, Turkeys, Prairie hens, Grouse, Quails, and many birds that multiplied according to the food nature so bountifully provided for them in the form of insects, such as Grasshoppers, Beetles, etc., etc. The Birds being destroyed, as amateur huntsmen are destroying the Deer and Buffalo of the West, the balance of force in nature is destroyed, and human beings are punished by the food they would not let the birds eat — a righteous infliction. France, legislating in favor of its Agricultural friends, says: 'Birds are the natural guardians of our harvests, and the most precious aids to the farmer, yet are they, almost everywhere, treated as enemies. The husbandman, overlooking the constant services they render him, sees only the damage they may do. Children pursue them to their extermination, taking them with snares, and destroying their nests. Teachers should make children understand that they thus injure themselves.' 'The truth is,' says the Journal de Agriculture, ' small birds are disappearing more and more, and ^QXitUltUXKl. 214 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. races are becoming extinct. A dozen Blackbirds could not be killed in the Gironde. It is truly alarming to see sack full of little birds, which afford but a trifling amount of food for man, brought into our cities. Birds of passage are taken by thousands as they come weary with their flight over the sea. In Lanquedoc, 20,000 Quails are taken in April and May.' I expect Sparrows, if encouraged, to exterminate the Potato Beetle. Poultry do it effectually. Keep Poultry in Gardens and Orchards. Painting, where limbs are cut off, with Coal Tar, is a French practice. Woodman, Spare that Tree. Gunners Spare the Sparrows. A Connecticut farmer mixes a teaspoon of cayenne... A Connecticut farmer mixes a teaspoonf ul of cayenne or red pepper with the food of his hens, which causes them to lay more eggs. In six months a flock of twenty-six hens laid 2,025 eggs, or an average of 111-6 per day. On two occasions when by the omission of pepper the daily product was 9, the use of that spice brought up the number to 13 or more a day. The fowls were fed on corn-meal in the morning and oats at night. Care of Calves and Sheep Lard and kerosene are good to keep lice from calves ; sulphur mixed with salt is good to drive ticks from sheep. Calves, like all animals, should be kept growing from youth to maturity. Here is one place where the profits come in. There is always a loss of time and feed, and more, by allowing young animals to 'stand still' for six months or more of the year. Sheep are well clothed, and need shelter from snow or rain, and perhaps from the very strongest winds, but cold agrees with them. Feed them well ; give them plenty of water, in small flocks ; keep them dry, and they may stay out in the cold and thrive. A close, dark pen is a poor place for sheep. Straw for Horses A small quantity of straw might be fed to working horses without injury. Straw fed only once a day to a working horse is an entirely different thing from straw morning, noon and night. And it is the same with fattening animals. I have known straw to be fed to those in small quantities with some advantage. With milch cows it is different, and they may be fed considerable quantity of straw and not affect the flow of milk. The most important thing, and something that is usually neglected, is to keep the appetite of the stock always good. This is easily accomplished by judiciously feeding straw and hay together. I think a greater quantity of hay and straw can be fed together than of either alone. It is a serious mistake to give cattle a surfeit of straw, and, indeed, of any thing else. Country Gentleman Poultry versus Swine An enthusiastic breeder of poultry says : ' Farmers will feed a bushel of corn to produce six pounds of pork, while the same amount of corn will keep a good laying hen one year, and she will produce at least twelve dozen eggs, averaging 18 cents per dozen, which would equal $2.16; in adddition she would rear a brood of chickens worth as much more, making a total of nearly $5, against six pounds of pork at 10 cents, equaling 60 cents, or, in other words, the hen will yield seven times as much as the pig on the same quantity of food.' The Check Rein Whipping and overworking do not torture like the check rein. When you compel a horse to contract the muscles just under the top of the collar, in order to sustain the head a foot, more or less, above its natural place, and then hold them thus contracted, the strain on those muscles soon produces great harm. If you don't believe it, watch the animal, look at his eyes and ears ! I am sure you can't misunderstand that face. See him carry his head around on one side, and then away round on the other side. Now in a moment you will see him throw his nose up in front as high as he can, three or four times. That struggle for relief he continues all the day long. When you take off the check, he will hang down his head low, and show in his face a sense of relief which I am sure you cannot misunderstand. The long strain wastes his muscles, and produces that ugly hollow which is now so common just under the ollar. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 215 The London Horse Book says : ''The check rein is a useless and painful incumbrance, introduced by vanity and retained by thoughtlessness amounting to cruelty.' Prof. Pritchard of the Royal Veterinary College (London) says : 'To sum up in a word, the check rein lessens the horse's strength, brings on disease, keeps him in pain, frets and injures his mouth, and spoils his temper.' Dr. Flemming, Veterinary Surgeon of the Royal Engineers (London) says : 'Nothing can be more absurd than the check rein. It is extremely cruel. It is not only the head and neck that suffer, but from his head to his tail, from his shoulder to his hoof, he suffers more or less.' The eminent John Adam McBride, Professor of Veterinary Medicine and Surgery in the Royal Agricultural College, exclaims : 'Could these speechless sufferers answer the inquiries : Why do you continually toss your heads while standing in the harness ? Why do you stretch open your mouths, shake your heads and gnash your teeth ? Why do you turn your heads back toward your sides ? They would answer : All this is done to get relief from the agony we are enduring by having our heads kept erect and our necks bent by tight bridles and galling bits.' The author of that excellent and able work The Horse in Health and Disease, after discussing at length the mischief done by the check rein closes with these words; ' To sum up the consequences of the gag bearing rein — it inflicts intense agony on the horse, impedes the action of his muscles, and by making him fractious and miserable spoils his temper.' White Pine for Barren Fields White Pine for Barren Fields. [We enjoy a personal pleasure in noticing that the Boston Post, Philadelphia Ledger, and other papers are giving demonstrations of approval to the enterprise and good judgment of our Bro. Pease. We have the greater pleasure in reproducing the following types, because Bro. 0. Pease has been foremost and liberal in sustaining The Manifesto.—Ed.] We call the Shakers a peculiar people, and perhaps we do them no injustice, but like many other classes and societies, with all of whose ways we do not sympathize, they are capable of giving us profitable ideas if we will only accept them. The Shakers do not bestow much thought upon art, but they work in admirable harmony with nature. Their splendid avenues of trees, their farms under almost perfect cultivation, show that they do not slight the gifts with which they have been intrusted. A writer in a New Haven paper says that ' probably no man in all New England has done more in a certain line for the benefit of posterity than Elder Omar Pease, of the North Family at the Shaker settlement at Enfield. He has sown in the last thirty years over 200 acres of white pines, and to-day from the hill east of his residence can overlook their dark, dense growths, their various heights, indicating their different ages. He says that only once in about three years do the white pine seeds ripen. Four quarts of seeds well distributed will stock an acre. His best success has been after buckwheat and without harrowing. Pines grow where the land is poor^ and a man who has 200 acres of comely growing trees rising annually to his memory in this world leaves a monument better than marble.' All of this is true, and we wish it might not be simply abstract truth. There are thousands of acres in New England now bearing nothing better than mullein and sorrel that might be treated to the white pine remedy and become richly paying territory. Boston Post The Honey In Flowers The wonderful magnitude of the least operations in nature is illustrated by the quantity of honey that can be gathered from flowers. Two hundred thousand pounds have been taken from bees kept within an area of ten miles, and on this basis it is plain that our continent might be made to produce thousands of tons yearly, and the honey crop outdo the sugar crop.