WILLIAM PENN'S WORDS OF TRUTH AND SOBERNESS Sin is of one nature all the world over ; for though a liar is not a drunkard, nor swearer a thief, nor either properly a murderer; yet they are all of a church; all branches of the one wicked root; all of kin. They have but one father, the devil, as Christ said to the professing Jews, the visible church of that age. He slighted their pretensions to Abraham and Moses, and plainly told them, he that committed sin, was the servant of sin. They did the devil's work, and therefore were the devil's children. The argument will always hold upon the same reasons, and therefore is good still. ' His servants you are,' saith Paul, 'whom you obey;' and, saith John to the church of old : ' Let no man deceive you; he that committeth sin, is of the devil.' Was Judas a better Christian for crying, Hail, Master ! and kissing Christ ? By no means. These words were the signal of his treachery ; the token given by which the bloody Jews should know and take Him. He called Him Master, but betrayed Him. He kissed, but sold Him to be killed. This is the upshot of the false Christians' religion. If a man ask them, Is Christ your Lord? they will cry: 'God forbid else. Yes, He is our Lord.' ' Very well; but do you keep His commandments?' ' No, how should we ? ' ' How then are you His disciples ?' ' It is impossible,' say they. 'What! would you have us to keep His commandments ? No man can.' Indeed ! is it impossible to do that, without which Christ hath made it impossible to be a Christian ? Is Christ unreasonable ? Does He reap where He has not bowd ; require where He has not enabled t Let no man deceive his own soul ; ' grapes are not gathered of thorns, nor figs of thistles : ' a wolf is not a sheep, nor is a vulture a dove. Whatever form, people, or church thou art of, it is the truth of God to mankind, that they who have the form of godliness, but by their unmortified lives deny the power thereof, make not the true, hut the false church : which, though she entitle herself the Lamb's bride, or Church of Christ, is in very deed that mystery of Babylon, fitly called by the Holy Ghost, ' the mother of harlots, and all abominations.' True it is, they that are born of the flesh, hate and persecute them that are born of the Spirit, who are the circumcision in heart. They cannot own nor worship God after Babylon's inventions, methods and prescriptions, nor receive for doctrine her vain traditions, any more than they can comply with her corrupt fashions and customs in their conversation. The case being thus, the false church becomes a persecutor of the true church. It is not enough that Babylon, or the false church, declines from ancient purity ; others must do so too. She will give those no rest, who will not partake with her in that degeneracy, or receive her mark. * * * * So that though the unrighteous latitude of their lives be matter of lamentation, as it is of destruction to themselves, yet the false notion, that they are the children of God, while in a state of disobedience to His holy commandments, and disciples of Jesus, though they revolt from His cross, and members of His true church, which is without spot or wrinkle, notwithstanding their lives are full of spots and wrinkles—this sad notion I say is, of all deceptions upon themselves, the most pernicious to their eternal condition. For they are at peace in sin, and under a security in their transgression. Their vain hope silences their convictions, and overlays 202 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. all tender motions to repentance: so that their mistake about their duty to God is as mischievous as their rebellion against Him.