The Check Rein Whipping and overworking do not torture like the check rein. When you compel a horse to contract the muscles just under the top of the collar, in order to sustain the head a foot, more or less, above its natural place, and then hold them thus contracted, the strain on those muscles soon produces great harm. If you don't believe it, watch the animal, look at his eyes and ears ! I am sure you can't misunderstand that face. See him carry his head around on one side, and then away round on the other side. Now in a moment you will see him throw his nose up in front as high as he can, three or four times. That struggle for relief he continues all the day long. When you take off the check, he will hang down his head low, and show in his face a sense of relief which I am sure you cannot misunderstand. The long strain wastes his muscles, and produces that ugly hollow which is now so common just under the ollar. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 215 The London Horse Book says : ''The check rein is a useless and painful incumbrance, introduced by vanity and retained by thoughtlessness amounting to cruelty.' Prof. Pritchard of the Royal Veterinary College (London) says : 'To sum up in a word, the check rein lessens the horse's strength, brings on disease, keeps him in pain, frets and injures his mouth, and spoils his temper.' Dr. Flemming, Veterinary Surgeon of the Royal Engineers (London) says : 'Nothing can be more absurd than the check rein. It is extremely cruel. It is not only the head and neck that suffer, but from his head to his tail, from his shoulder to his hoof, he suffers more or less.' The eminent John Adam McBride, Professor of Veterinary Medicine and Surgery in the Royal Agricultural College, exclaims : 'Could these speechless sufferers answer the inquiries : Why do you continually toss your heads while standing in the harness ? Why do you stretch open your mouths, shake your heads and gnash your teeth ? Why do you turn your heads back toward your sides ? They would answer : All this is done to get relief from the agony we are enduring by having our heads kept erect and our necks bent by tight bridles and galling bits.' The author of that excellent and able work The Horse in Health and Disease, after discussing at length the mischief done by the check rein closes with these words; ' To sum up the consequences of the gag bearing rein — it inflicts intense agony on the horse, impedes the action of his muscles, and by making him fractious and miserable spoils his temper.'