EDEN F. W. EVANS The writer possesses a microscopic copy of the _ZV. Y. Tribune a few inches square. In size it bears about the same relation to the common Tribune that the Eden of our theological childhood bears to the true Eden, as it once existed upon earth, and to the millennium, as it will hereafter exist. In Eden there were no diseases. In the coming millennium there will be no one who can say I am sick. If the first act of sin in Eden was erroneous eating, will not the first act of salvation in the millennial order be that of eating righteously ? Will not revelation and science determine to exactitude, what food and drink shall be taken, and in what quantities, to maintain in perfect health, the physical bodies of human beings, with the most perfect mentality ? Obedience to such knowledge will be justification—salvation— even as disobedience thereto, either through willfulness or ignorance, was the original sin of Eden. Was the lust of eating the first, or the second sin ? I incline to put it first, in point of time— second in point of importance, even as the continuance of the race is of more importance than that of any one individual. The perverted uses of the reproductive powers — the corruptions that are in the world through lust—have wrought the ills that now afflict humanity. All the diseases of the Egyptians are upon Christians. They also inherit the War God of the Jews, with his bloody sacrifices, filling the earth with slaughter, turning all church and State governments into engines of blood, having even a theology as bloody as Mars, the Heathen God of War, could devise or desire. By the lust of eating evils are multiplied in the individual. And by the lust of generation, they are perpetuated and increased in the whole race—priest and people. The government of Hayti has set apart an Island in the Pacific for the exclusive use of Lepers, of which there are some 35,000. Should these Lepers be cut off from Hayti and the rest of the world, so entirely and so THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 195 long as to lose knowledge of it, any physical regeneration must originate among themselves and their leprous posterity. May not such have been the case with the primal pair of Eden? Are we, their descendants, any thing but the outcasts of some former millennial race of people ? Was not Eden a State, rather than a location? a state of innocence and bliss that countless millions of beings had attained unto by travail of soul, and who had an existence as real as do the inhabitants of Hayti ? Adam and Eve were thrown out from amongst them, as lepers, for their own transgressions—the lusts of the flesh and mind. Having lost knowledge of the community from which their sins had expelled them, they have lived in their posterity down to the present time, with a childish recollection of Eden, and a child hope of the millennium. The original faithful Eden people, having passed into the Spirit World, are a heaven to the generation of sinners left upon earth. Spiritualism is bringing them into intercommunication with each other, and religion excites them to blend, by love, into one people. Condescension on one side, and aspiration and inspiration on the other, effect the mutually desired union.