CONSECRATED DISCIPLINE JOSEPHINE MC LAUGHLIN I feel impressed with the necessity of maintaining a cheerful spirit at all times — a spirit of thankfulness. Outward circumstances of disquiet unquestionably have the power to mar the peace of the best; but we should school ourselves to look on the bright side, and having faith in God, labor to be able to find some good in everybody and in every thing. Of course it requires strong faith in God to live this life in cheerful acquiescence to the duties allotted us. But every Shaker or Christian (they are synonyms) must have a faith to be as clay in the potter's hands. This is the faith which the Bible everywhere enjoins ; the faith which was so emphatically taught and exemplified by Christ himself. Some might ask : Is it possible in this age of doubt and unbelief to live such a life of faith ? the answer is, many true disciples have lived it in the past, many are living it to-day, and sufficient unto our day will be our strength. The blessings of God will descend on those who are obedient to His will through his order, and such will become the possessors of that peace that passeth all understanding. Yea, a peace that broad acres and elegant mansions with exclusive ownership can never give—but comes alone from a conscience j ustified by the daily crucifixion of all the evils that belong to a fallen nature. If we are in this labor we will be able to do great good to others, and honor the religion we THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 197 profess. Let us carry the sunshine of a cheerful face and a glad heart wherever we go. Let us have an encouraging word for every one we meet. Let us make our home an Eden to the extent of our ability, by shedding over it the atmosphere of contentment, the fragrance of love, the sweet influences of all kind and gentle attentions. We should avoid even the appearance of evil. Conquer and subdue ourselves, so that we will not be slaves to appetite, neither to passion nor ambition. Sever every partial, selfish tie, and. cultivate a broad, universal love instead. We as Christ's followers are invited to do this. Do not let us deceive ourselves with the thought that we can retrace our steps at any time; but rather let us keep in the narrow way, and the power to restrain the evil, and to cultivate the good then lies within ourselves. Let us ever listen to the quiet mentor who will not lead astray and obey each better impulse until we gain complete supremacy over evil. Bouih Union, Ky.