Home Topics Unleavened Loaf Bread The Shakers claim to make the best unleavened loaf bread from pure Graham flour. Here is another recipe which makes a very nice composition bread: Mix the best of rye and Indian meal in equal proportions into a soft dough, with cold water in hot weather, but warm water in cold weather. Mix and knead it with the hands until light, and lay it softly, so as not to press out the air confined in it, in deep tin pans. Now smooth over the top with the moistened hand so as to give it a neat appearance. Let it stand over night, then bake it in an oven, hot at first, but gradually cooling. If it could be made late enough in the evening to be allowed to remain in the oven over night, it would make a very nice breakfast bread. — Laws of Life. Mixture for Cleaning Paint Dissolve two ounces of soda in a quart of hot water, which will make a ready and useful solution for cleaning old painted work preparatory to repainting. The mixture, in the above proportions, should be used when warm, and the woodwork afterward washed with water to remove the remains of the soda. A hint for the laundry : Linen may be glazed by adding a teaspoonful of salt and one of finely-scraped soap to a pint of starch. Tomato Butter To seven pounds of very ripe tomatoes, take three pounds light brown sugar, half a pint of vinegar, and half an ounce of cinnamon; boil slowly for five or six hours. It may then be put into jars. A spoonful of this added to almost any soup or sauce gives it a most delicious flavor. Scrambled Eggs Six eggs, one coffeecup of milk, one teaspoonful of butter, one teaspoonful of flour, and salt. Beat the eggs very light, rub the butter and flour together, add this to the milk after it has been placed on the stove, and becomes a little warm. Salt to taste. Add the eggs, and cook until the whites are cooked, and serve while hot, or with toast. For Burns Strong, fresh, clear lime water, mixed with as much linseed oil as it will cut; shake the bottle before applying; wrap the burn in cotton wadding saturated with the lotion ; wet as often as it appears dry, without removing cotton from burn for nine days, when new skin will probably have formed. Corn Griddle-Cakes To one quart of sour milk add one teaspoonful of soda, the same of salt, and one egg, one-half cup of wheat flour; add corn-meal sufficient to make a batter thick enough to bake on hot griddles. Scalloped Tomatoes Pare and slice fine ripe tomatoes ; put into a bake-dish with alternate layers of buttered breadcrumbs ; season each stratum of tomato with pepper and salt. Bake covered until very hot, then brown. The upper layer should be of crumbs. Whitewashing Good whitewash, well applied to fences, rough siding, and the walls and ceilings of buildings, has a highly sanitary influence, as well as being in the highest degree preservative in its effects. To be durable, whitewash should be prepared in the following manner: Take the very best stone-lime, and slack it in a close tub, covered with a cloth to preserve the steam. Salt — as much as can be dissolved in water used for slacking and reducing the lime — should be applied, and the whole mass carefully strained and thickened with a small quantity of sand, the purer and finer, the better. A few pounds of wheat flour mixed as paste may be added, and will give greater durability to the mass, especially when applied to the exterior surface of buildings. With pure lime, properly slacked and mixed with twice its weight of fine sand and sifted wood-ashes, in equal proportions, almost any color may be made by the addition of pigments. Granite, slate, freestone and other shades may be imitated, and without any detriment to the durability of the wash. The covering is very often applied and with good effect, to underpinning, stone fences, roof, and the walls of barns and other out-buildings. Germantown Telegraph