Editorial THE SUBSTANTIABILITY OF CHRIST It is worthy of notice that the majority of texts used by the ministerial profession, for subjects of religious addresses, are found and taken from without the sayings of Christ. By far, Paul is the authority in the selection of texts, in excess of Jesus. Why is this ? Was Paul a model teacher of Christ's life and testimony? We demur ; we deny. Paul was, with ¦ out exception, an unequaled character, inasmuch as his life was far more Christian than his teachings; and especially were his permissions unchristian. It is not well known, but may be so, that Peter contended long and late in life for the maintenance intact of the essential principles of Jesus, the Christ. He was confronted by Paul, in that the people would not, could not accept the fullness of Christ's testimony, and that permissions, to ease the crucifixion of selfish, worldly lusts were felt to be needed, demanded, or all would turn away from the church. It is the most lamentable truth we ever penned, that Peter was over-persuaded, and permitted the radical purity and unselfishness of Christ's testimony to trail in and become besmirched by human lusts, to an extent that not only brings the radical truths of Christ into complete disregard, but the very opposite of the testimony and life of Christ is contended for, and substance for the arguments, in plenty, is found in the permissions, not in the life of Paul. If Paul had maintained Christianity intact, by issuing the unbending counsel: Follow me, as I follow Jesus Christ f and left the permissions to marry and to otherwise live unlike Jesus, there would have been no need of any falling away of the Primitive Church of Christ. But ' becoming all tilings to all men's' lustful entreaties; and soothing their fleshly crucifixions by a permission to do and live unlike Christ, he gained none to Christ, but encouraged, and still encourages more than all else to-day, departures from the life of Christ! Not so with Jesus: This is the testimony: 'I am- the (pattern of) the way,' you should walk; ' of the truth' you should learn, 'and of the life ' you should live. ' No one can come to the Father but by this life.' ' If ye love me keep my words ' and live like me. 'Why call ye me Lord, and do not things' of which my life and testimony are a sample ? Jesus was unyielding and substantial; founded upon the progressive truths of a newer dispensation than the gospel of Moses, he taught by example, and no permissions ever passed his lips to live differently, and still retain a discipleship ! Not so; but there was a positive, substantial, immovable truth in the solemn declaration: 'lie cannot be my disciple' without the same renunciations I have made, and adhesions to the same principles which my life illustrates— Virgin Purity ; Peace; Universal, brotherly love; Unspottedness from the tuorld. What do we see to-day ? Mareiage made a sacrament by churches professing Christ! War encouraged under the most trivial excuses, and ministers, professing Christ, enlisting themselves as chaplains to encourage SAitori*!. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 235 carnage, and appeal for help from Him who loves peace only, not war! Every unchristian 'practice named in the Christian catalogue as such, is clung to with the tenacity of life, and while receiving from Christ only the holiest denunciations for Christians to practice, are yet sustained by the permissions of Paul to those who will not deny themselves, Christ's life is our Christianity. Any thing not found in his life-practices is unchristian, and who practices it is such. In Christ's Church there is no outer court. There can be no commingling of the flesh and spirit therein. The married, the child-bearing, the lovers and owners of houses, lands, selfish property or selfish life are simply, yet truthfully in these things unchristian. The communists of Oneida have made a departure—a grand departure —and we beg all the world to witness the progressive feature therein. ' Complex marriage'—which when practiced in 'polite society' has commonly borne another and very disgusting name — is discarded; and monogamy will succeed to those who want permissions to engage in what Jesus, nor Paul could as Christians engage in—sexual loves and lusts. But here is the grand testimony, the great progress, the prodigal's return, the Christian announcement: 'Virgin Celibacy is to be greatly preferred!' We may be mistaken in our estimates of human virtue; but we anticipate that a majority of that Community will embrace, and live Virgin Celibacy as well as they are able. We are pleased, more than pleased, with the announcement. With all, and toward all, who, having only one great obstacle between them and the love and life of Christ, and that removed, there must be a growing sympathy and delightful union. But the gennine, radical Church of Christ will accept of no permissions as an easement to human fleshly lusts ; its congregations must 'crucify the flesh with its affections and lusts,' saving none, and can feel no oneness of fellowship with those who divide between Christ and their affections for at least a measure of the flesh. Christ is not divided; neither the people in His church. As Christ was in principles and in life, so will these in His followers be.