COMMUNISM EMILY OFFORD The subject of Communism is claiming the thoughts and attention of the thinking and suffering classes of people at the present time, and great efforts are being put forth to solve the problem of Co-operation, Socialism, and Communistic principles ; but, generally speaking, it is more from a financial point of view, than from a religious basis. Those who inherit wealth, and can live without labor, and are satiated with the things o.f this world, give but little thought to the underlying causes of the great evils of society at large, and become indolent in mind, as well as in body, and heed not the sufferings of the less fortunate—the downtrodden and oppressed. It is a trite old maxim that ' necessity is the mother of invention,' for we often see that deprivation, suffering, want and pain, serve to awaken latent powers and energies of the human mind, and lead it to search out the true causes which produce such baleful effects. Many who have lived under monarchical forms of government, and have suffered under the iron rule of caste and class, have sought wiays and means to ameliorate their condition, by combined effort in forming social and co-operative communities. They are Indicators and give signs of progress in the right direction, and point to a revival of the true pentecostal spirit which will lead those who possess temporal wealtli to share with those who are needy, and to create one common fund—thus to form Christian Communities based upon true principles and from higher motives, than of merely supplying temporal needs—that of love to God and love to humanity, which would cause all to toil together unselfishly, for the mutual wealth and happiness of each other, in spiritual, as well as in temporal things. But so long as selfishness is the underlying principle that prompts to action merely for the sake of aggrandizement and accumulating greater individual wealth and power in the narrow domestic family relation, Communities will not be enduring. They may prosper for a time—after having started with good and honest motives— but as experience has shown, they soon pass away; the foundations are not right ; self predominates, and some whirlwind of passion scatters and divides, and they fall back into old conditions, each ' seeking gain from his own quarter.' Selfishness, the great leader and controller of the human family, rules so completely, 220 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. that virtue bends beneath her iron rod, and relinquishes reluctantly footholds in her domains. This evil, so regnant in the human heart, has not only brought misery on individuals, families and communities, but it has been the means of destroying cities, and laying empires in ruins. It is inherent iii the king as well as the beggar. In order then for people to live in harmonious social relation, this propensity must be subdued and the higher law of love take control. This seems to be the solution of the question, that it is not possible for those who merely live a natural, generative life, to attain to that condition of unselfishness necessary for true communal relationship. Many have tried it, and are still stri ving to have it prove successful; but failure seems to be stamped on the very basis ef every attempt. That it is attainable by those who have progressed beyond the prescribed limits of me and mine, and have a broader view of life than that which pertains to the external; has already been satisfactorily proved by the founding and continuance of Shaker societies during the past century. Through the revelation of heavenly principles, the force of conviction, and patient perseverance in well doing, a simple, honesthearted people have been gathered, supported and held together in a collective body; without a spiritual basis they must have failed long ago. Human nature is weak and ' prone to evil as the sparks that fly upward;' then how futile on our part is every effort toward advancement in spiritual light and truth, unless guided and supported by that overruling power which marks our future destiny, and aids us in the work of subduing selfishness, and every evil propensity. It is written that ' where there is no vision the people perish.' Then how important that the interior soul senses should be quickened to a perception and acceptance of those heavenly revelations from the inner spheres which God in love and mercy through His faithful messengers may send. Frequent revivals of the religious element in the soul are absolutely requisite to keep it alive in the gospel work, and to this end are the meetings of Believers, Shakers, especially adapted. Their mode of worship is expressive of full consecration of body, soul and spirit; and affords precious seasons for spiritual communion with visible and invisible beings, holding the lower sensual elements in subjection, and enlivening the higher and better part. Were it not for such seasons and revivals of baptismal and pentecostal power Shaker societies would leaven back into worldly customs and practices ; for these are the secret life-giving springs of our communal existence. Then, how sacredly should they be held, how zealously improved, that we may draw strength from the higher spheres, and gather a substance of good* that we may have something to impart to hungry, truth-seeking souls, who will yet turn to Zion to partake with us of the heavenly communion. Canaan, N. Y.