A VISION CHARLOTTE BYRDSALL I looked upon the wide, wide world, - Its anguish, and its woe, I saw the flood of human wrath, With mighty current flow. I trembled, lest its strength might break, And flood the earth once more, With fearful doom of olden plagues, With judgments as of yore. I asked in faith — as if to glean One ray of living hope, How long ! how long ! will darkness rule And souls within it grope ? O, Father ! lift the cloud of night, And let the day begin, Let Freedom have her perfect work, And heroes to her win, Methinks I hear the throbbing ones, That yet in bondage lie, My heart's pulsating knows a pause, Beneath the sufferer's cry. Are not the nations ripe in death ? When will the sickle gleam ? Where the deliverance long foretold ? Or is it but a dream? Where is the inspiration lyre, That sung of happier climes ? Where are the prophets and the seers, That read the future times ? All silent are the harps of old, And hushed the tuneful song ! But hark ! my spirit waiting, hears, A whisper, low but strong. It tells me good is not afar, And truth is mighty still, The inner forces gather strength, The darkened world to fill. The earth seems brightened to my gaze Her children glad and free, I see the streams that frozen were, Gush forth in liberty. I hear the sounds from other shores, Of happy heart and soul, Life's tide toward an equality, Unbroken seems to roll. I see a wave of tender love, Sweep over land and sea, The white robed angels cover all, With Christian purity. The altars that were dimmed by strife, With varied offerings shine, Again the harps of holy joy Are tuned to peace divine. I see the mystic power that turns, The river to its course, That stems the flood of human wrath, And quells the breaking force. It is a brotherhood of love, Void of all creed and cant, It is a sisterhood of peace, That might cannot supplant. It is not thraldom rule nor fear, That brings this change of life. But lowliness to see and learn, The errors causing strife. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.