TRUE SOURCE OF HAPPINESS ANNA WHITE It is almost universally admitted that there never was a period in the world's history, when the desire to travel somewhere — to see something new, was so great as at the present time. It seems to be the ruling spirit, almost amounting to a mania. Homes are broken up thereby, and parents and children, old and young, wander the wide world o'er in quest of happiness. No matter to what inconvenience they may be subjected, go they must. It is the fashion to travel, as much as it is to compress the waist and lungs — so as to resemble a wasp as much as possible — and nonconformity thereto is simply out of the question. The rising generation, in a particular manner, are not satisfied to remain at the old homestead (if fortune has favored them with one) after the rigid Puritanic system, and learn of their parents the practical lessons of life. They chafe under restraint, and shirk duties and responsibilities, that would otherwise serve to develop them into man and womanhood. Manual labor, among aristocratic people, is counted undignified — menial — unless it be some light, genteel employment. Such have an eye to (so-called) refinement in a degree that is painfully distressing; and this idea culminates in uninterestedness and idleness, that create unrest and dissatisfaction ; hence the desire to roam over land and sea, from continent to continent, ever seeking but never finding happiness. There is 'no effect without a cause.' The foundations of society are out of course, and as it now exists is full of festering sores, that breais out in family broils, that often terminate in THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 229 murder, suicide and unnumbered evils, that gnaw like a canker worm at the very vitals of society. True, there are noble-hearted, pure-minded men and women, who are striving by reformatory efforts to avert those evils ere they deluge the land from pole to pole. Shakers are called to stand upon an eminence, overlooking all those unrestful, unholy and dissatisfied conditions ; but they are so nearly allied to the outside world, that whatever spirit rules there, always affects them more or less. Hence, many at the present time urge the necessity of traveling for health. We all admit that change occasionally is conducive to health; but traveling over dusty highways, and in illventilated cars, and sleeping in beds, and rooms, devoid of home comforts and cleanliness, perhaps is not the surest way to attain it. According to recent sanitary reports, the popular hotels in many country places should be subject to inspection, as well as densely packed tenement houses in cities. Report says : ' People leave the cities for country resorts in blissful unconsciousness that undrained soil, polluted water, and festering cesspools, will in all probability be found the sure adjuncts of rural life and delights. When they return to the city, bearing the seeds of malaria, their eyes will doubtless be opened and the reflection may occur, that going into the country is an expensive and dangerous luxury.' Many places even on the sea-shore, once favorite resorts, are now deserted ; for they had become hot-beds of disease. Visiting among Believers is profitable, if ordered aright ; because it enhances the happiness of both parties, and cements the cords of love and gospel affection, lasting long after the spirit has fled from its earthly tabernacle. The security that one feels, too, in treading on consecrated soil, and partaking of the fruits of consecrated labor, gives rest, recuperates the body, and yields real soul-happiness and pleasure. The pure union existing between gospel brethren and sisters of the spiritual household of faith, is precious and heavenly; and is unequaled by any of the relationships of earth, that have been, or can be produced; but an unregenerate human heart is always in danger; and, if not wholly 'crucified to the world,' will be more or less subject to its pressure. We sometimes hear the expression (from the lips of a few), ' We want to have a good social time, unrestricted ! ' Unrestricted from what?' Why, the very thing that holds together the walls of our spiritual edifice. Union that amounts to undue familiarity, bears the sting of a serpent and the poison of an adder. Therefore, the union of Believers — sweet and sacred as it is— is only safe when under the restriction and guidance of gospel order and religious discipline ; for this cause I rejoice to meet with gospel kindred, and to greet them always with blessing and love.