THE PROGRESS OF EVOLUTION Read at the Grand Annual Social Gathering at Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. BY ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE I would salute all my brethren and sisters here assembled this morning with love, fervently wishing that peace and fraternal feelings, such as belong to the family of Christ, may flow from heart to heart on. the present occasion. We have been blest many times in coming to this pleasant little spot, secluded from the gaze of those who revel in worldly pleasure and worship at the shrine of fashion. Hither we come in simple, plain attire, bringing our little gifts with us as love tokens to offer to our dear Gospe] companions—diamonds—though small, yet not without luster and merit. Looking beyond the exterior, we find a soul in the contributions here made, a substance of much that has been looked forward to in the fulfillment of prophetic vision. We have planted and sowed in tribulation, in hope and in faith, and in a spirit of thank 218 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. fulness we acknowledge that the angels have watered, and God has blessed us with an increase. Centuries have come and gone since the historic Jewish groves and altars, dedicated to idol worship, and by decree of some inspired kings were cut down, broken in pieces and made as dust, while the worshipers were humiliated in judgment. Days of mourning for such like idols, if they ever existed with us, are ended. We are indebted to the law of evolution, which has wrought industriously through all the ages to bring about changes, and progress the race from barbarism to civilization, from idolatry to true Christian worship. Step by s»ep men and women with true desires and holy aspirations have ascended the ladder which leads from low to higher conditions of morals, science and religion. The pilgrim's path has been fraught with danger, been steep and rugged, and not traveled without pain and difficulty. Persecution's keen-edged sword impending over their heads caused them to seek shelter in uninhabited deserts, in dens and caves and subterranean vaults, where myriads have finished their course in time, and left the earth-caskets within those walled sepulchers to return to dust, whence they came ; while their freed spirits arose, and on wings of the morning of a new day sought home and friends in a better and purer clime than this sin-polluted sphere. While in solitude, secluded alike from the world's persecution and its friendship, voices of invisible beings whispered to listening souls that spirits were immortal and would one day awake in a, celestial home, where sorrow and sighing would flee away and oppression cease. Those voices are still heard; wheresoever we are, whispers come to us from the veiled and unseen infinite, and our faith in the presence and perpetual active agency of spirits is distinct and positive. If we do not exactly comprehend how they come, we feel their power, and we know they visit us. Do we realize how much vye are indebted to those suffering witnesses who have preceded us in the work of human emancipation from the thraldom of ignorance and base passions ? They who were evidently chosen agents to co-operate with the law of evolution, which is ever at work to roll onward the wheels of progress? Are we not liable at times to look upon the law of evolution and its operations as an enemy rather than a friend, when it causes great upheavals in society, in the physical, political, moral and religious world ? Did we better understand the creative laws of the universe of mind and matter, and the forces which give effect to those laws to hasten the world's growth and prepare it for the harvest period, we might view it in a different light from what we now do. Even the hand that bore the torchlight to kindle the persecutor's flame may have been permitted under the same law in the dark ages to stimulate to action. Let us hope that the perpetrators of those diabolical deeds, however bitter and relentless the spirit that instigated them to torture heretics, may meet the same consideration in the final judgment that the Jews received in the prayer of Jesus, when they led Him to the crucifix: ' Father forgive them, they know not what they do.' Those words, as they fell from his lips, were precious as 'apples of gold.' Can we too highly appreciate the auspices under which we have met in this beautiful grove to-day ? Whence came this holy bond of union which holds us in one brother and sisterhood, and enables us to gather around a communion table and enjoy such a feast of good things at this time ? We are enabled not only to preserve our integrity, but to increase the strength of pure gospel love and affection, purged from selfish alloy with which worldly love is so interblended. Not alone by our own toils, self-denials, exertions and prayers has it been attained; it is the product of the ages, the fruition of prophecy. It is stated that the Essenes of olden time aspired to a life of holiness, to be pure and unselfish, but were unable to resist the temptations presented to them by a marrying, warring, pleasure-seeking world, and they sought seclusion in the mountain ranges, and formed communities in large numbers, and there maintained the princi THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 219 pies of peace and celibacy. The world was then comparatively young, and there was not strength to face its cold frowns, nor its alluring and deceptive smiles. I am reminded on this occasion of one of the visions of St. John, who in spirit saw '' an innumerable company that no man could number, of all nations and peoples ; they were clad in white robes, bearing palms in their hands; and they bowed and worshiped God.' In answer to the query, ' whence they came,' it was said they 'came out of great tribulation, having washed their robes and made them white.' I am impressed that could our interior vision open upon the company of invisibles who have met with us to-day, we should behold many ancient prophets and martyred saints of past centuries, as well as the disciples of Jesus who lived in the first Christian dispensation, who saw in part and prophesied of the good time coming, when the dual Christ in the order of male and female should stand upon Mount Zion with a virgin band, singing a new song, which none others save the virgin followers of the Lamb could learn. Will not those bright spirits rejoice with us and strike their golden harps anew, and bear witness that ' Now has come salvation and strength ? ' The suffering witnesses of God who have passed on to their reward, and who helped to cast up the highway of truth, and gather out the stones that would impede the travel of those who should come after them,would impress upon our minds today that it was their lot to ' sow in tears, ours to reap in joy.' They make us welcome to our inheritance, and would enhance our joy. This is not a myth—a phantom of the mind, it is real substance.