Home Topics Firm butter without ice Firm Butter Without Ice.—In families where the dairy is small, a good plan to have the butter cool and firm without ice is by the process of evaporation, as practiced in India and other warm countries. A cheap plan is to get a very large-sized, porous, earthen flower-pot, with a large saucer. Half till the saucer with water, set it in a trivet or light stand—such as is used for holding hot irons will do ; upon this set your butter; over the whole invert the fiower-pot, letting the top' rim of it rest in and be covered by the water, then close the hole in the bottom of the flower-pot with a cork; then dash water over the flower-pot, and repeat the process several times a day, or whenever it looks dry. If set in a cool place or where the wind can blow on it, it will readily evaporate the water from the pot, and the butter will be as firm and cool as if from an icehouse. Cold slaw Cold Slaw.—Slice one quart of cabbage fine, take one teacup of vinegar, one tableapoonful of butter, one of sugar, one teaspoon of salt, a little pepper; put in cup and cook; it is done when it commences to thicken; pour over cabbage. My husband likes lettuce prepared in same way. Cooking potatoes Cooking Potatoes.—The potato is more nutritious and more generally used than any other vegetable, and when properly boiled so as to be dry and mealy, it is a real luxury; but when sodden and water-soaked, as frequently we see them, they are indigestible and one of the worst things that are put into the human stomach ; and yet a well-boiled potato is seldom seen at a hotel or restaurant, and the man who would introduce them into the latter would do a public favor and help his own purse. This is the way I would recommend: Let them be put into cold water in a covered vessel, and boiled rapidly until nearly done; then pour off the water and sprinkle a small quantity of salt over the potatoes; put on the cover so as to leave a small open space for the steam to escape and leave the vessel over the fire for a few minutes, and the potatoes will be done.— Germantown Telegraph. Cocoanut drink Cocoanut Drink.—To two grated cocoanuts, with their milk, add two quarts of pure water; place over the fire and boil for five or six minutes, stirring constantly with a wooden spatula ; then strain. Add to the liquid twelve ounces of pulverized sugar; mix well, and ice. This is delightfully cooling. Turkish beverage Turkish Beverage. — Put ripe grapes, picked from their stems, into an ear-then pan or dish, and cover them with boiling water. Set the pan in a warm situation for four or five hours; then strain off the liquid; sweeten to taste, and place in a freezer and half freeze. Grated pine apple, treated in the same way, forms also a delicious beverage.