THE JUDGMENT OF SIN. NO TUTELARY DEITIES ELDER H. L. EADS Text-—For the Son of Man shall come in the glory of the Father, with His angels, and then He shall reward every man according to his works.—Matt. xvi. 21. Before entering on the main subject of my discourse, I will offer, by way of prelude, a few remarks concerning tutelary deities. It would seem that some minds of ordinary intelligence have imbibed the idea that there are grades of deities in the spirit world who are sent to this planet as occasion requires, to occupy God's place in certain emergencies, while the Almighty absents Himself; that is to say, when God finds His people too rebellious to be guided by Him He retires after appointing a tutelary deity to occupy His place for the time being! Such ones cannot see how imperfect counsels can come from Deity, and think in this way to exculpate Him Hence we hear it said that the God of Israel was not the God of the universe, because we now see that some of those counsels were not up with our present standard of perfection, by which rule of judgment, if carried out, we should have a different God for all denominations of people and exclude Deity from our planet ! Each denomination, however, would claim theirs to be the true God and consider all others substituted, while it is the same God for each and all, operating on their present unfolded conditions. It is even so in the smallest animalcule, the lowest savage up to the highest archangel. There are some things which are impossible to the Infinite, and one is, He cannot absent Himself from any point in space without losing His infinity. Even Mahomet spoke truly when he said : ' There is no God but God. Will they give to God companion deities ? ' The idea is heathenish and came from heathen land. There can exist no such beings as tutelary deities in an independent sense. A tutelary is a guardian, and it is unwarrantable to apply the term Deity to such, as Deity signifies the attributes that constitute the Supreme Being. It is wholly unnecessary, as some have contended, to have recourse to what they term tutelary deities, or God-appointed Gods, to account for erroneous commands, passional display or defective counsels to God's people. These can be accounted for in a much more reasonable way. It should be remembered that the Infinite God of the universe does not operate retroactively upon any object, spiritual nor material. He does not, as Professor Bush says, ' roll up planets like ball. [I quote from memory] and toss them from Himself as the child does his football.' God is not dependent on any thing to make known His will ; He has but one mode of operation. He evolves, unfolds, within — peaks within the soul of man. The proof of this rests on the fact that any other mode would involve retroaction and make him a dependent being. It discovers NO INCONSISTENCY IN DEITY ; that what is given with the unfoldment of 222 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. to-day may be superseded to-morrow ; or that what is sinless with the light of to-day may be sinful with the light of to-morrow. If we are faithful to listen to and obey the monitions within, ours will be a perpetual increase in the light and knowledge of God, because He operates on the unfolding of every day, every hour, every minute and every second of our existence, so that in the passing of one moment it may be sinful to repeat what was sinless a moment before. In this consists spiritual progression. Today, if your highest light directs you to engage in generation, it were sinless to obey. If at this instant your light increases, by the unfoldment of God's evoluting power, or by the teaching of His agents, enabling you to see the beauties of the Christ-life of regeneration, that it is a higher, more angelic and more godly condition, your duty then calls you out of the world and former life into the new and superior condition, because now to practice the old would be sinful, bring compunction and God's displeasure. If not, why should the higher light ba given ? It is then clear that what may be sinless and right for one person, or a body of persons, to-day, may at the same time be sinful to another person or body of persons, without involving change, vacillation, or any inconsistency in Deity. Finite beings only operate externally to, on and with each other. All words or sounds that are, have been, or ever will be conveyed externally on waves of the vibrating atmosphere to human ear, come, came, and will come from finite agencies or matter in motion. Who ever hears spirit voices or sees spirit forms must first be spiritually conditioned to enable them to do so. But spirits do speak by the organs of conditioned mediums and give us news from beyond the vail. Normally the minds most unfolded in the body speak the more perfect word to the less unfolded, while God is within them both. Hence by God's unfolding the normal mind, and by inspirations from angels above, He has established His order, by obedience to which ALL ARE BROUGHT INTO HARMONY with Him exactly in proportion as they conform to it. Thus we see He has law and order in all things — order in the universe, order in creation, order in the human race ¦— which order is His judgment seat, and by which tribunal all have to be tried, judged and condemned, or acquitted. This 'has been the case in all past history, from Adam to Noah, to Abraham, to Moses, to John the Baptist, to Jesus, to Ann Lee, in His second appearing. So that all the teachings of God's appointed agents, which have been and are uninfluenced by the selfish animal or passional nature, have been and are from God, and adapted to the state and unfolded condition of the race, which to obey in the day and time given is to obey God and insure present harmony with Him, consequently present peace and happiness. In the advanced stage of humanity many things would be defects now that were not defects then, and many things, that now seem perfect and are best for the present conditions may, in the future, be quite imperfect and even sinful. I repeat that God cannot withdraw from any point in space at any moment. To say that a man or woman, or a people, is or are God-forsaken, does not mean that Deity is absent, but God, for the time being, ceases to strive with those who persist in disobedience— disregarding the monitions of conscience. It may be said of such that God has withdrawn or left such ones to reap the reward of their disobedience. Still ' God is present everywhere, beholding the evil and the good.' ' He warms in the sun, refreshes in the breeze, Glows in the stars and blossoms in the trees, Lives thro' all life, extends thro' all extent, Spreads undivided and operates unspent.' Should we deny, as some do, that the God of the universe was the God of typical Israel, we in the same breath and for the same reason, deny that He is the God of the Shakers, or that He has been at work in man from Adam to our day, or is at work in His Zion now. On the same grounds He is denied of one He is denied of all. If our God is the God of the universe, and Israel's God was not, there could be no agreement between law and gospel — type and antitype, and we should thus limit Him, who is unconditioned as to space, and therefrom omnipresent, and unconditioned as to time, and therefore eternal and unchangeable. THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. 223 THAT GOD IS OMNIPRESENT and unchangeable, all philosophers of note affirm. Locke says : ' Motion cannot be attributed to God, because He is infinite spirit.' But all nations and all peoples, by their greatest minds, unite on one invisible, omnipotent, omnipresent and unchangeable Deity, and, how much soever atheistic infidels strive to doubt, there is a force and power that make them realize the fact that there is a cause of their being and of their intelligence and for the existence of the harmonious universe ; and the power within that forces this confession must be the operation of that inexplicable something that the world calls God. If then we predicate, as we are forced to do, unchangeability of this ever present Deity operating within it becomes impossible for Him to operate directly on objects from without. Without and within are contradictory. This, then, being impossible, it follows that He cannot focalize Himself external to man, ascend a great white throne and occupy a judgment seat, hear evidence for and against and acquit or condemn the human race. Hence the great day of judgment so much spoken of by pulpit orators, at which time the infinite God is to sit as Judge, becomes an impossibility. But ' the Son of Man shall come with His angels ' for this purpose. Christ Himself gave us the key to unlock the mystery of the judgment when He said to His disciples : ' Whosoever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them ; and whosoever sins ye retain, they are retained.' —John xx, 23. This, then, was God's judgment seat, and verifies God's order before spoken of. It is now His judgment seat, for God will not have two j udgment seats, and the great judgment day will come to each one ' in the twinkling of an eye.' It follows from this that Deity alone cannot forgive sin. Why ? Don't be startled. Because He has established an order among finite beings for that purpose, and being changeless, He will not disestablish it. Hence no souls can be fully and finally forgiven nntil they have found God's order and come to His judgment there. It becomes a matter of importance, then, to each and all to seek until they find this order, if such order has an existence. But this does not deny THE PRESENCE OF THE SAME GOD in all sects and denominations to whom invocations are made and worship is given. But their name is legion who '' ask and receive not, because they ask amiss that they may consume it upon their lusts.' — James iv, 3. If sin can be forgiven as well and as fully by God witliout His order as with it, the order would then be useless; but all history shows that God has ever had His order for the time being among men. His final order for full restoration is in Christ, both in His first and second appearing. To this order and seat of judgment all must bow, of angels or men. Here at this throne of judgment, all mountains sink and valleys rise (the high and low are brought on a level), forming ' as it were a sea of glass mingled with fire, and them that had gotten the victory over the beast and over his image, and over his mark, and over the number of his name stand on the sea of glass (all on a perfect level), having the harps of God.' — Rev. xv, 2. This order of God was the sign seen in Heaven by the revelator, when all the high and lofty, the Kings, Queens, lords, ladies and gentlemen, stand on a level with the lowest peasant. All such as come to this seat of judgment in time ' their sins go beforehand into judgment' and ' their sins and iniquities, saith God, will I remember no more.' — Heb. x, 17. How merciful is God! But I hear it said: If I cease from disobevinar God and of committing sins which I have been guilty of, what good can it do for me to make them known to another? Answer. It is impossible for them to be forgiven until the forgiving power knows what they are. God has established the seat of judgment and appointed the Judge, who is the light of the world, to whom the deeds must be brought, and your disturbed harmony can never be restored without doing so. Still if you so elect, you may cease committing certain sins and carry them concealed in your bosom for years, employ your talents in God's service, be respected and loved, yet to this light they must finally be exposed, or complete salvation will be unattainable. God has settled this question. 224 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Tlie truth of this is based not duly on the Scriptures, but on the predicate acknowledged by all of the stability and unchangeability of God, and there is NO WAY OF EVADING IT any more than there is of dodging the tomb. Black as are your sins, to this light they must finally be exposed, and, though we cease to commit them, those that remain unconfessed will be leaden weights on the soul; besides, ' He that covereth his sins shall not prosper, but whoso confesseth and forsaketh them shall find mercy.' (Prov. xxviii, 13.) If covered sin in one individual prevents his prosperity, what will it be to a family or body where there are ten, twenty, fifty or one hundred and fifty out of two hundred that have sins of any kind willfully covered ? They may mingle together and come and go and walk and talk and sing and pray and work and play and eat and sleep, but spiritual prosperity for such family is impossible. To prosper such body spiritually is an impossibility with God. But if they confess and forsake they shall find mercy, they shall find prosperity. Now, I defy the whole world of religion, philosophy, reason or logic to disprove the conclusion arrived at on the judgment seat of God, while admitting Deity to be omnipresent and changeless. I do not say it boastingly, but to fasten it as with steel rivets on the mind. Let me still make it plainer. Any sin committed by an individual, secret or otherwise, destroys the harmony between him and God, his maker. Heaven is lost; but a merciful God has established the plan by which this harmony can be restored. If, through weakness or want of watchfulness, a sin should be committed, compunction follows. If God without, in the visible order, be ignorant of the transgression, God within knoweth and reproacheth, and the soul finds no abiding peace until repentance is found and confession is made in God's appointed order — restoration made and satisfaction given to an injured party, if any. When this is done, forgiveness and acceptance are obtained, and the broken harmony is again restored, both in the visible and invisible relation, because they are blended — ' their wings touch each other.' When the soul has done this, God Himself, and heaven, and angels can require no more. The sin is forgiven. THESE VISIBLE AGENTS OF GOD, perfect in one sense, imperfect in another, always teaching as they are taught of God, according to their unfoldment and powers of receptivity, do administer to those below them; thus, what the finite does the infinite does — simply because it is His operation on their highest unfoldment. So it has been, so it is now, and so it ever will be through all time and eternity — men and angels always approximating, but never reaching, the entirety of the infinite; ever having the great God to worship and adore; themselves changing from bad to good, to better, while God remains changeless. Thus agent after agent, in all the cycles of time, with greater unfoldment of additional light, will teach as they are taught of God ; and thus, instead of having God absent, we do away with independent tutelaries and foreign Christs, and so preserve reason, consistency and truth. It is improper to say God permeates all things as light permeates glass. This would imply change and retroaction, which are denied ; but He is in all things, ' as perfect in a hair as heart.' But should it be insisted that God operates from without externally on objects, like men and angels do, by sound or otherwise, this would place Him under necessity. He would then have need of atmospheric air or other medium to convey His word and will, and His infinity would thus be destroyed. Again, if He has the external action and is omnipotent, this would obviate the necessity of any agent or order either with men or angels on earth or in heaven. He would be all-sufficient. But that such external order and agents do exist and have existed — are and have been appointed and commissioned from the earliest history of the world —is proof positive that God does not operate externally ; and since He does not, herein lies the absolute necessity of a visible order and seat of judgment, and confirms the declaration that all ex- THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 225 ternal operations are those of finite agencies, either spirit or mortal. This point, then, I think, is proved. I am still asked, how are we to know that such and such agents are God-appointed? That is just what cavilers said to Christ — 'Is not this Jesus, whose father and mother we know ? ' — John vi, 42; and ' Master, we would have a sign from Thee.' But He answered and said: ' An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign, and there shall no sign be given it.' I would say, let their life and testimony be the sign. If they ask you to vary from the. life of Christ, you need not obey ; but if they ask you to live the Christ life, and you will do it, you will not want a sign. Persons finding the visible order of God, and seeing His attributes externally manifested by finite agents to them and to the world in a higher degree than they have attained to, who, through pride or any of the lower impulses, refuse to acknowledge, yield to and be led by it, are foolish indeed. This would be trifling away their day, call and opportunity. But still more foolish are those who, having seen, blended with and 'tasted of the good things of God and the powers of the world to come' [Heb. vi, 4] revealed to them in and through the visible order, turu their backs upon it because their ideal of perfection is not found in it, constitute themselves judges, and say: ' Who is Moses ? Are not all God's people holy?' The same that existed in the type appears in the substance, as some even of authority say of the anointed Lead: ' Who are they more than others ? Are not others as good as they? Does not the Christ-spirit dwell in and administer to all the good ? I do not believe in one worm of the dust bowing before another worm of the dust ' — forgetting the gracious words of Mother Ann Lee, who, when some would do her reverence, said: ' It is not me you love, but God in me.' The mere persons of the anointed first Lead neither want nor deserve more reverence than other persons equally good. But God, in His order visible, must be reverenced or the invisible God will not accept your reverence. So it will be wasted adoration. The Apostle Paul says it is impossible to renew such to repentance, because they have crucified to themselves the Son of God afresh and put Him to open shame. Heb. vi, 6. Such ones, at least, prepare themselves for the earth (earthly nature) to open her mouth and swallow them up, though in tears and mourning, as was done in the type. They seem not to realize the fact that to reject the visible is also to reject the invisible and leave them without hope in this or any other world! They may look up and strive to see the great God in whom they trust, but this sight is only RESERVED FOR THE PURE IK HEART, few as they are, and these can only see Him in the spirit faces and life of His order of appointed agents and people. So, let the ' exalted imagination ' come down and look for God where He may be seen — where He is pleased to manifest Himself. I repeat again, here is His judgment seat before which all must bow, of angels or men —. for it is impossible that a changeless God should establish an order of judgment with exceptions to it. So, then, it follows that obedience to this order when found is man's only chance for full redemption. I cannot too often repeat that it is impossible for a changeless Infinite Being to focalize and show Himself external to man, only as He is pleased to reveal Himself through the finite. ' They that have seen Me,' said Christ, 'have seen the Father ' — seen the attributes of the Father manifested to them. By seeing Christ they did not see the Infinite wholeness. This, Christ Himself, never saw, nor ever will see. ' No man hath seen God at any time, the only begotten Son, who is in the bosom of the Father, He hath declared Him.' — John i, 18. But Christ was His judgment seat; after Him His disciples were — 'All that my Father hath given me have I given them;' next, ' The saints shall judge the world ' — 1 Cor. i, 2; ' For behold the Lord cometh in myriads of His saints to execute judgment upon all, and to convince all that are ungodly amongthemof all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly committed, and of all their hard speeches which ungodly sinners have spoken' —¦ 226 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Jude 14 and 15 ; ' and the kingdom and dominion and the greatness of the Kingdom under the whole heaven shall be given to the people of the saints of the Most High;' 'and the judgment was set and the books were opened.'—Dan. vii, 10 and 27. Do not now, with Pope, begin to doubt saying: ------'I know The saints must merit God's peculiar care, But whom but God can tell us who they are!'' 'Seek and ye shall find; knock and it shall be opened unto you.' — Matt, vii, 7. 'For the time is come that judgment must begin at the. house of God, and if it first begin at us, what shall be the end of them that obey not the Gospel of God ? ' — 1 Peter iv, 17. Thus have I shown you from sacred writ what the judgment is, and what its purposes are. I have also shown you that it accords with philosophy, reason, logic and sound sense—have made it plain to the common and uncommon understanding. I have shown that God cannot forgive your sins without confession, and that to His visible order. Then, as you value your soul, hesitate not, but come at once to the judgment that your 'sins may be blotted out,' and the angel life attained to in this world. Lo, then, let all who hear—let all who read this in any part of the world, of any nation, kindred or tongue—consider themselves invited to come, with a life insurance in God's kingdom on earth. All that are sick of the world and world of sin, all who desire a higher and better life than the world affords, all who feel that they have a soul to be saved or lost, all, all may consider themselves invited. Are you a King, or are you a Queen? Consider yourselves invited. Are you Emperor or Empress, or President, statesman or lawyer, doctor or religionist of any denomination? You are invited. Are you rich, or are you poor ? Are you male or female, white, black or yellow ? You are invited to come. The gates stand ajar waiting your arrival. Come to a merciful judgment, and it will soon be known whether you are a fit subject for a seat in the kingdom. ' Come now, let us reason together,' saith the Lord. ' Though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be white as snow • though they be red like crimson, they shall be white as wool. If ye be willing and obedient, ye shall eat the good of the land.'—Isa. i, 18,19. Come now, ' consult not with flesh and blood.' Are you married ? ' Come, let your eyes be made single that your bodies may be full of light, for while it is evil (double), the body is full of darkness.' — Luke xii, 34. Are you single ? Come, that you may be married to Christ. Are you athirst? Come, partake of the waters of life, freely and live. Come, I say again, to God's merciful judgment, for know ye of a certainty that at some time every one of you must be judged for the ''deeds done in the body, whether they be good or whether they be evil.' 'For the Son of Man shall come in the glory of the Father with His angels, and then He will reward every man according: to his works.' Amen !