RELIGIOUS FREEDOM SARAH JANE BERGER In ancient Persia, the people were held under the rule of a despotic and tyrannical government, whose laws were unalterable. Having control of the religious element, its power was strong. Mere difference of opinion often created holy wars, wherein thousands were slain, and many, falling victims to the caprice of the monarch, were put to some horrible death, because they would not bow down to the national objects of worship. Thus it was with Daniel and the three Hebrew children, who, by the interposition of divine power, escaped, unharmed, from great dangers, though they would have suffered martyrdom, rather than disobey their highest ideal of right. But Daniel's integrity and uprightness favorably impressed the king-—and through his influence, the religion of the government was modified. And thus we see it has been with Catholicism. It has assumed the control of church and state, wherever it has obtained a foothold. Rome is its great central power, and in the Papal head is vested supreme authority Its wonderful spread, in days of its early history, was mainly due to physical force and barbaric cruelty, as its wars and inquisitions fully attest. England was formerly under its rule. Protestantism, too, has had its phase of tyranny and injustice, especially when it combined church and state. The Quakers were martyrs under the cruel treatment of the exponents of its credal faith. The Shakers, also, suffered under its persecuting spirit, till they were obliged to seek refuge under the prospective flag of American freedom, which was not fully unfurled until after the Eevolution and the Declaration of Independence. And not until they had felt the persecuting power Of its religious organizations, were they permitted to live in peace and enjoy the rights of conscience. So we pee, through all history, that might, and not right, has ruled the nations of the earth. The struggle of the Israelites, to get free from Egyptian bondage, is an experience that has been repeated, in many forms, since that ancient day. Governments usurp power that does not rightly belong to them — power to control the minds, or souls, of the people. Waves recede to dash with greater force against the rocks. And so with this our Government, founded upon the grand principles of human rights and equality, the tide of religious bigotry, had it the power, would again sweep away all its battlements of strength and submerge it into a church and state institution. But, will not those who love their consecrated liberties, given them by Infidel founders, rise in indignation against such evil machinations ? What we want is freedom of speech, of the press, and liberty of conscience continued to all. So long as America exists, let her be ' the land of the free and the home of the brave ' — a refuge and asylum for the oppressed of all nations — and may the state be governed by noble men and women, in whose hearts reign justice and peace, regardless of any religious tenet or creed. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.