Speak the Best of Neighbors One of our neighbors has had the name of being stingy and avaricious ; but these terms are born of prejudice and are not wellfounded. A poor neighbor of his wanted to borrow a horse to take some things to market; the so-called stingy neighbor not only lent the horse, but refused to accept of any compensation. Another poorer neighbor of this so-called avaricious man lately said: ' W. is the first to respond to the calls of the sick or those in want or distress.' Another of our neighbors sent some hams to another neighbor to be smoked, and when done offered payment; but the one who did 236 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. the good deed declined any pay, saying : ' The same smoke that cured my hams, cured yours ; the curing of your hams cost me nothing, therefore you owe me nothing but thanks.' Such good deeds among neighbors might be multiplied ; and then let such good news circulate, as deeds to be emulated by all other neighbors, poor and rich alike. The Grand Social Gatherings Some of the pretty and thoughtful contributions to this number were previously used at Mt. Lebanon, where once a year the three Novitiate Families meet in a grand reunion ; and where, with invited guests, both inner, outer, and the most spiritual of man are thoroughly feasted with good things. We speak from the experience of an unworthy guest; and we but do justice to our readers to let them into a partial insight of what goes on til ere. A Needed Suggestion We are in constant reception of communications from 'the household of our faith,' in which, speaking of ourselves—Shakers — the term ' Believers' is used. Once we claimed the equal of a copyright upon this term ; but there are several minor sects who are now wearing this cognomen ; and besides the term bears upon it no distinct explanation nor information. Should we add to it ' in Christ's Second Appearing' we would be better understood. But people pretty well understand what the Shakers believe, who they are and how they live, and why not cling to the honorable name of ' Shakers ' which no man has ever counterfeited yet for a denomination, neither desires to do so, while it may all remain ours for another hundred years without the least molestation ? We are aware that some, very high in authority among us, do not'like this appellation. That they avoid its use and evade its address. With all due respect for such, we have no apology to make to them for this timely suggestion. For the term ' Shaker ' means so much — those who shake errors from themselves first, and then go all over the world with their shaking testimony, to the great disturbance and eradication of worldly errors and fleshly wrongs. The term is a righteous one and applies grandly to our profession and testimony. We could not, if we should all try, get rid of it for one hundred years, and we, for many, protest against the evasion OR ATTEMPTED DISUSE. To the Generous Of course, reader, you are the generous one meant, whoever you as reader may be. We will not bore you with uninteresting words. We want to state, frankly to you, that in this enterprise of issuing thousands of copies of The Manifesto, monthly, we are at large expense, and must rely on every generous heart with whom we come in contact to help us ' bear our burdens.' ' Let tlie strong (help) bear the burdens of the weak.' At the end of the year we want to be one with our printers. We now owe them between two and three hundreds of dollars, which we want to pay them as soon as possible. Will you help us what you are able ? It costs nearly or quite one hundred dollars to run our mailing expenses on The Manifesto for a year. We neither charge nor get pay for our services, and although our paper is small, these are not a few; but of this we will say nothing more. But will those who have generous hearts think of us to help us ? Shakers should be most generous ; and the generosity comes in after just debts due are paid. But let every one be generous—kind friends all, help us keep the good work moving — the sowing of good seed, the reaping of good souls.