'THE UNITED STATES CHURCH.' C. M. OVERTON When you have a vehement desire to convert some creature, you must remember that may be God has reserved his right of illuminating the poor fellow's mind. We learn that there is an organization with the above name at Joliet, 111., a woman ¦—'Rev. Buffam' being pastor or godmother — having felt for a long time that there was need of an inner organization whose function should be to assist the Republic to a realization of her own ideal (and that the Shaker Church would in some way supply that need), I sent a note to Rev. Buffum. Getting in reply no hint of Creed, Catechism, nor Constitution, I am left to gather what I may from surface indications as to the ' true inwardness ' of the institution. And I find myself wondering how any one who has brains enough to conceive the idea of an American Church, should not also see that such a church could have no use for a ' Reverend,' as a prefix. The penchant of girls (and savages) for gewgaws is understood; but why should a woman essay such indulgences ! The editor of the Index once said : ' My name is Francis E.Abbott.' And he warned the knights of the paste-pot : ' Paste no bills on my premises or person.' Not even for a shilling an hour would he advertise his own piety by walking the streets labeled ' Reverend.' Beecher, when the dignitaries appended to his name a ' D. D.,' cried out: ' Hang none of your pinchback on my nose. Some of the brethren might value it. But you don't' Mister ' a Washington. And please remember that a Beecher's name ' when unadorned is adorned the most.' ' Whether as aristocrats or democrats, from pride or principle, contempt for mediocrity, sham and shoddy, or reverence for manhood, men of sense and character choose to stand on their own merits. While women — I beg pardon of the whole sex — a woman bows her head to receive the cast-off honors, placards her own pretensions, and bears them aloft with her own hands. I hardly know what emotion befits this case. As to the army of male Reverends, I know them as the enemies of my country and my race, I know them as the enemies of all reforms, the foes of progress and en- 228 THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. lightenment. I know them as the supporters of slavery, physical, mental, spiritual ; the natural allies of despotism, the defenders of aristocracy, caste, and privilege. The men who always stone the prophets and crucify the christs. I know them as traitors who are now plotting to rob this government of its chief virtues — men whom the Republic will have to crush, or die. But this feminine pretender, with no following to awaken a fear for human liberty, one cannot be indignant and dare not be amused ; for this were uncourteous. Being philosophical he cannot despise any thing. We could be pardoned a contempt of court, if we knew that the court was contemptible. But how can we know but that that title, reverend, was assumed on purpose to bring the whole thing into ridicule! Assumed in a vein of exquisite irony, a monkey or a king's fool might take the cap or the crown of his master and clapping it on his head cry out: ' Now take a look at your, self, old fellow ! ' Till we know the motive to this coronation, we cannot know whether this ' Reverend ' woman is a friend or a foe — whether the world has gained a savior, or Illinois has lost a lunatic. Poised thus on the sharp edge of suspense, torn by conflicting emotions, I am at a loss to know how I ought to be exercised in this case. Will not 'Reverend' Buffum rise and explain that ornamental frontispiece of hers, and oblige. North Union, 0.