WHAT IS TRUE RELIGION, NO. 2 GILES B. AVERY True religion is love to God through love to man below. It is a baptism of soul life, a sensitiveness to, and perception of righteousness so keen, bringing conviction for sin so piercing as to turn the sinner short about into the heavenly road. It is a mirror, showing to its possessor such a vision of his deformities as to take the self-conceit all out of him. It is the law of truth graven by the finger of God on the tablet of the soul so indelibly that the copy is ever revealed by the tongue. It is a light which peers into the deep recesses of memory, and reveals, by the tongue of confession, deeds which have been smothered for years or ages in the dust of deception and hypocrisy, and, perhaps, long forgotten. It is an altar for sacrifice that answers by fire—the fire of truth—and blesses the soul in its crucible by its refining process. It is a plough-share that breaks up the fallow ground of the heart, and prepares the soil for the reception of the seeds of all the THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 221 plants of grace and loveliness which germinate in the garden of God. It is the sword of God that takes the carnal life of man, and guards the entrance to the tree of life that stands in the Paradise of God. It is a new birth, out of the worldly sphere into the Kingdom of Heaven. It is the fruit of the spirit, food for hungering souls in every situation of need. It is garments of righteousness, a clothing to the naked, a vesture of untarnished purity. It is the language of love, refreshing as the evening dew, and gentle as the soft fall of a snow-flake, and charity that never offends, nor wounds but to heal. It is sympathy so deep that it lays down one's life for the good of humanity. It is affection so tender that it would cheerfully help to lift the load of sorrow off the heart of a suffering pilgrim. It is benevolence that seeks out the hungry and bestows food ; the naked, and clothes them ; the thirsty, and gives them to drink of the wells of salvation. It is the power of God that turns the world upside down, makes man a new creature—the compeer of the angels of God. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.