Agricultural Potatoes for stock Potatoes for stock. — A writer in an exchange says : I have fed all kinds of roots and considerable quantities of tliem to cattle, and among them all I consider the potato, fed raw to cows, the best for quantity of milk or quality of beef. The best beef I ever tasted was fattened on potatoes and meal. My experience is that they should never be cooked for cattle, but always for hogs, and at half the price of corn they are profitable to feed in connection with meal. Treatment of poultry Treatment OP Poultry.—A correspondent writes to the Germantown Telegraph to say that his observation and experience are that thousands of fowls die annually of cholera from neglect. He thus gives his prevention: I never overstock my poultry house. I always keep their quarters clean and sweet. I use plenty of lime and I keep them well supplied with pure fresh water. I feed them morning, noon and evening at regular hours with a variety of wholesome food. A little fresh lime in their water is very good during the summer months, but you must not forget to clean the poultry house every week. Sour milk is one of the best feeds... Sour Milk is one of the best feeds for poultry, especially for young chickens, that can be given them; and we fear its value is not fully realized by those generally who keep poultry in the country, as we are satisfied much refuse milk goes to waste that might be given the hens as well as not. Young chicks thrive wonderfully upon a diet of sour milk, and it may be given them in place of water to great advantage. Soaked corn for workers Soaked Corn tor Workers. — The American Express Company is noted for the extra quality and appearance of their horses. It is understood that all of their horses are fed on corn, unshelled from the cob; but the corn is allowed to stand in water for twentyfour hours before it is given to the horses. As much may then be fed to a feeding, with. out harm, as the horses will eat, having fully swelled before going to the horses. We recommend farmers to try this, and report to us. Parched corn for fowls Parched Corn for Fowls. — Indian corn charred into charcoal is said to be a most valuable condiment for poultry. It will put the hens in good health, and cause a general toning up of the system, that will be shown in more and better eggs. To agricultural journals To Agricutural Journals. — The very plausible recommendation to plant a few kernels of flaxseed with potatoes to repel the potato bugs is proved to be a cruel hoax. We tested it thoroughly, and the bugs seemed to thrive on it—lay their eggs upon its 'leaves and stalks—and our land is too fully seeded with 'plants out of place' — weeds—flax by name. We hope all Journals will correct the erroneous advice.