THE CURSEDNESS OF WAR And The Good Time Coming MARTHA J. ANDERSON I looked across the desert wastes of life, The world's great field of carnage, blood and strife, And thought of all the treasure turned to dross; The dire affliction brought through human loss ; The homes made desolate, the brokenheart, The bitter woe where ties were rent apart ; The mental wealth that all the world should bless, Spent on the worst of crime and wickedness ; The springs of love turned back unto their source, And streams of hate pursuing in their course; O tide of life ! how dark thy currents flow, Black as the stygian waves that roll below; When nobler impulse yield her sweet control, And war's stern passion overcomes the soul; Fair history's page through all the years of time, Was stained with darkened deeds of heinous crime ; The lusts of men engendered low desire. And filled their hearts with war's insatiate fire ; Thus love of power in vain ambition's van, Ne'er heeds the sacred rights of fellowman ; But in her conquest overrules all right, THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. 227 By force of strength, supremacy of might; Thus kingdoms rise and hold the reins of power, Thus empires glory but for one short hour ; Their prestige gone, they crumble into dust; Because not based on laws exact and just. Oheroes vain! the laurels that ye wear — The boasted name and honors that ye bear— Came through the orphans' tears, the widows' pain, The moans and cries of those in battle slain , The time will come when only he who stands, With courage fortified, and outstretched hands; To fight all giant wrongs, and meet man's needs, With honest words, and love's heroic deeds; W'ill be the hero of immortal fame, And in the nation's heart hold dear his name. The right! the right! I see it grandly rise, Triumphant o'er the world's great sacrifice ; Sustained by justice, linked to truth's great cause; It teaches men to frame diviner laws, Than those which now appeal to instincts base, The laws that elevate and bless the race ; And peace angelic spreads her snowy wings €rlad tidings to this blighted earth she brings ; Proclaiming in her heaven-commissioned flight, ' Forever fled is error's ebon night.' The day has dawned whose brightness has no bound, Whose golden circle shall the earth surround ; 'Till every nation, kindred, tribe and clan, Shall learn to love in truth, their brother man ; Then navies with their whitened sails unfurled, Shall bear the commerce of a busy world ; And forts and arsenals be turned to marts, Where industry her peaceful life imparts; For peace and labor clasp fraternal hands, And justice in their counsel chamber stands; No war to scourge, no poverty to blight, Love rules by the eternal lawof right. Not dreams Utopian bring this vision grand ! Upon the mount of prospect now I stand ; And see the world progressing to that end, Where all in unity and peace shall blend ; When governments shall seek each nation's good, Thus form a universal brotherhood. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.