THE STARS LUCY BOWERS What and where are the stars ? Who can tell ? A child is reported as saying: ' They are gimlet-holes to let the glory through,' Another as saying : ' If the wrong side of heaven is so beautiful, what must the right side be?' More orthodoxy here than philosophy. Astronomy — sun, moon and stars — has been the study and admiration of many minds for ages. Long before the Christian era, there were wise men, who, by their pro- 232 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. found learning1 and lofty virtues, gathered many disciples and founded schools in which astronomy was taught, discoveries and in' yentions made — some true, and some false — yet all, in degree, adding to the wealth of human knowledge. Thales, a philosopher, more than 500 years before Jesus, by his study of astronomy, calculated accurately a solar eclipse. Pythagoras traced the true solar system, and, in later days, Copernicus, based upon the simple ideas of the latter, removed, after twenty years' investigation, from the machine of the universe, the cycles and epicycles of former astronomers, and placed the sun in the center to illumine and control the whole. And many others, known to us through history, have made pleasant and instructive observations. By the Gree ks the stars were named, and worshiped as Gods. But mythology wraps them in obscurity and seeming lack of truth. To the poetic, inquiring mind, the overhanging vault is filled with myriads of richly-invested forms and hidden wisdom, which penetrate, with viewless track, the limitless space beyond. And eye hath not ceased to see, ear to catch the thought conceived in silence, nor mind to comprehend the glowing life shown in its changeful twilight panorama. What glimmering, a speck though it be, that has not received, from earth-bound visionists, some name, pronounced course of action, mode of revolution and almost destination, and which, taken in geometrical connection with curves and positions, has failed to represent the outlines of some living object with which we are more satisfactorily acquainted. Who can say that some other worlds have not developed intellects like, or unlike our own, that have fashioned, named and formed, according to their comprehension, every dark and glowing object which sight can reveal to them ? Thoughts wrought in argument and mere conjecture, that flit through the brain, are as the threadless shuttle across the web — work aimed at, but unaccomplished. Science has taught much, and blessed be investigation through which facts are revealed. Much is yet unknown of latent growth and secret forces, even to superior minds — and enough for minor capacities to seek and grasp the simpler truths which surround us in God's boundless creation. The heavens please us with undiminishjng attraction, even though heavy masses of vapor float beneath its canopy. The great solar lamp, that illumines for millions of miles around, dims only in alternate seasons, the lesser lights which cluster within its ray ; and there are stars which never sink below the horizon — supposed suns, which brighten the still deeper recesses of the upper regions where our view fails to extend, and make visible the existence of things at almost unappreciated distances. What a phenomenon is nature, controlled by laws of attraction and repulsion, with forces of unabating strength and regularity ! The earth we inhabit revolves daily and annually among these heavenly scenes, and if all with which it comes in contact are equally as grand and beautiful as our own, be their density and composition what they may, what a wonderful performance of the Infinite Mind the whole must be !