The Children's Grotto A LESSON FOR BOYS One day a fine Newfoundland dog and a mastiff had a sharp discussion over a bone or some other trifling matter, and warred away as angrily as two boys. They were fighting on a bridge; and being blind with rage, as is often the case, the first thing they knew over they went into the water. The banks were so high that they were forced to swim some distance before they came to a landing place. It was very easy for the Newfoundlander; he was as much at home in the water as a seal. But not so poor Bruce ; he struggled and tried his best to swim, but made little headway. Old Bravo (the Newfoundlander) had reached the land, and then turned to look at his old enemy. He saw plainly that his strength was fast failing, and that he was likely to drown. So what should that noble fellow do but plunge in, seize him gently by the collar, and, keeping his nose above water, tow him safely into port! It was funny to see these dogs look at each other as they shook their wet coats. Their glance said as plainly as words. ' We'll never quarrel any more !' A Good Prayer A little boy, the son of a 'Friend,' about six years old, after sitting like the rest of the congregation in silence, all being afraid to speak first, as he thought, got up on the seat, and, folding his arms over his breast, murmured in a clear, sweet voice, j ust loud enough to be distinctly heard on the fore seat: 'I do wish the Lord would make us all gooder, and gooder, and gooder, till there is no bad left.' Would a longer prayer have been more to the purpose ? What will People Say.—This question makes the mind homeless. Do right and fear no one ; thou mayest be sure that with all thy consideration for the world thou wilt never satisfy the world. But if thou goest straight forward on thy way not concerning thyself with the friendly or unfriendly glances of men, then thou hast conquered the world, and it is subject to thee. By heeding the question ' What will people say ?' thou becomest subject to the world.