SHAKER BLESSINGS ELVAH COLLINS Full of the sweets of heaven are the hours of enjoyment spent in this first Temple of God, where blessings fall at our feet like a shower of dew-drops, filled with nectar; the soul of which steals into the chambers of our hearts, and frames pictures upon its walls for the eye of the inner being, and of thought to revert to, in the ever-existing future. Much has been written, sung and spoken of the beauties that surround us- but I have never before taken such deep sense of our Heavenly Father's and Mother's care, and interest in the happiness of their children, as are here manifest. The pillars of the grove, with their shading foliage, the welcome zephyrs that play upon the leaves and branches, fanning our brows and kissing our cheeks with a fairy touch, the emerald carpet that bends to the silent tread of foot-steps, have all been brought to mind and expatiated upon through a countless round of years; and yet they have never lost their beauty, nor failed to throw a charm over the mind; as in the past, so will be the future, and so is the ever present: for with every revolution of time, cometh an inspiration—-an adaptation of feelings and senses—to enjoy every season as it rolls to us in the unending circle of life. But best and sweetest of all, that which 230 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. makes our gathering together pleasant, is the union and relation that we hold; angelic in nature, because founded and perpetuated in principles unchanging, notwithstanding the cup of human life is ever giving and ever receiving time's rollingHow striking the contrast between our associations together, and social life sustained the world over, where self-interests are the subject predicate; the object of each one striving to build his own house with the timbers of another's. ' If we have not love for each other when in daily communion, how can we love God whom we have not seen ' Deep affection, spontaneous in our hearts, is the stimulus to our efforts for the happiness of each other. As every thing outward must correspond to the inward, it affords real pleasure, on occasions like-the present, to witness the grand outgrowth of the truths that have come to us through true and dear friends (martyrs to the cause), and have taken so many forms that meet the approval of conscience, and of our highest reason. The simplicity of our costume modestly rebukes the extravagance heaped upon diseased human deformities, that flutter like butterflies from flower to flower (promised pleasure), for sweets that prove bitter and unsatisfactory; while the plainness of speech that should and does flow from the lips of a Believer, has more weight of power, more keenness of penetration—a few heart-felt words, than many more elaborate productions on paper, or uttered by occupants of velvet-cushioned pulpits, whose smooth and honeyed words (many times the antipodes of words used in private), can ever have. Often words thus uttered are a mockery of God and truth. So, also, with the customs and habits of Zion's children, when compared to the confusion, disorder and filthiness of worldly habits ; the order and cleanliness throughout our borders, when contrasted, appear as the light of heaven on one side, and the darkness of hades on the other, formirg a chasm too wide to bridge over by compromise, and retain intact the principles of virtue that create the difference. Purity of life, the rock upon which our feet are planted with decision, sends its magnetic power through soul and body ; and from thence its emanations go forth to all around, a blessing to lovers of purity, or a reproof to the sin-loving. How can a tree, receiving its vitality from so divine a source, fail to yield the abundance of golden fruit which we are daily gathering from its branches? No wars at large, nor petty feuds find place within the precincts of our hallowed homes. No reeling drunkard disgraces the paths we are wont to walk, nor evil-doer allowed to devise dark deeds, nor to shoot the poisoned arrow that would wound a brother. Should not these reflections unseal new fountains of gratitude in our souls, that there are some spots on earth that God has retained in His own keeping, to represent His Order, and the revelation of His goodness to lost humanity ? It is ours to increase the ' little stone cut out of the mountain without hands,' till it shall become a mountain of itself, so vast, that it may be a central home for all nations, peoples and kindred, when God shall gather His own. It is ours to stand upon the towers, and wait, and watch the advance of truth in its onward march; to scan the old heavens and trace the many meteors and shooting stars, that give light—for a season, then to fall from their orbit to rise no more. We see and feel the struggles of suffering souls, who toil single-handed to put down wrong, and establish reforms in the many by-paths where sin is the 'golden calf' set up, unto which thousands bow in menial servitude. It is ours to bless every worker in a good cause even though we see that the evil cannot be banished till the root is reached, and the cause put away. Dear young friends, let us so live that nothing shall dim the lights we hold in our hands ; but let them so shine that they may gleam across dark waters, and guide some poor brother or sister struggling with the billows on time's troubled ocean, seeking a haven of peace and happiness, where there is rest for the weary. In this labor I would devote my little all in the spirit of true love which comes from THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 231 above ; knowing that if I sow a few grains, God will increase, even to a hundred fold ; and the fruits of my harvest will more than repay for a few years of patient waiting.