THE ROAD TO RUIN DANIEL ORCUTT The history of many a wreck of body and soul, if written, would read something like this: ' I was my father's son, tender and only beloved in the sight of my mother. They indulged my appetite and pampered my whims, instead of teaching me to control them. My career of indulgence began with sweetmeats and confections. At the age of ten or twelve, I put away these dainties for the more manly indulgencies of the cigar, the social glass. From these, the way was short to the theater, the billiard room and the card table. My conduct separated me from the society of the pure in heart; my vices made me the companion of the fallen and depraved; my licentiousness ruined my health; my necessities forced me into falsehood, dishonesty and robbery. And now I am without character, without friends without hope for this world, or for that which is to come. Henceforth I have nothing to expect but a fearful doom from the justice of God ! There is no hope. I will cast my lot with those who wait for blood, and lurk privily for the innocent that they may fill their houses with spoil! ' This is the sad history of many a young man, who began 'the downward way,' with the seemingly innocent mistake of making the aleasure of his appetite his guiding star, and with a deviation from the straight path THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 243 so slight, that even parental fondness unconsciously leads him into sin. He goes on, from one wrong step to another, till ' the beacon lights of virtue' fade from view, and at last, he finds himself among the workers of every abomination ! Thousands of beings go down to destruction and death, by vicious habits, who began with no idea of reaching such an end, and realize, when too late, ' that the way of the transgressor is hard ' as well as foolish. Would you escape dangers that beset you ? then heed the warning, take the alarm before you fatally strike those ' hidden rocks ' upon which thousands have been dashed to pieces. Beware of the wiles of the ' adversary 1' Close your mind against his first suggestions to evil, as you would bolt and lock your doors against robbers ! You cannot be overcome without your consent. The key of your citadel is in your hands, and the enemy cannot enter but by the gate, and that opened from within. ' Who cares for consequences ? not I,' has been the destruction of thousands ! Ah ! those consequences are fearful reckoners ! If you do not think of them they will draw you to ruin 1 ' What I say unto you, I say unto all, Watch.' ' If sinners entice thee, consent thou not; walk not thou in the way with them, refrain thy feet from their path.' Enfield, Conn.