Home Topics EGGS, EGGS Boiled eggs Boiled Eggs.—The best way to boil eggs is not to boil them at all. Put them in a tin dish and pour on boiling water ; cover the dish tight and set back where the water will merely keep hot; let it stand there from ten to fifteen minutes, according to the size of the eggs or the preference of the eaters of ' hard ' or ' softs.' Readers of newspapers often meet with the term 'car load'... Readers of newspapers often meet with the term ' car load,' but few of them know just what or how much it is. The Saint I Louis Times has taken the trouble to learn and says, as a general rule, 20,000 pounds, or 70 barrels of salt, 70 of lime, 90 of flour, 60 of whisky, 200 sacks of flour, 6 cords of soft wood, 18 to 20 head of cattle, 50 to 60 head of hogs, 80 to a hundred head of sheep, 9,000 feet of soUd boards, 17,000 feet of siding, 13,000 feet of flooring, 40,000 shingles, one-half less of hard lumber, one fourth less of green lumber, one-tenth of joists, scantling and all other large timber, 340 bushels of wheat, 300 of corn, 680 of oats, 400 of barley, 360 of flax seed, 350 of ap. pies, 430 of Irish potatoes, 360 of sweet potatoes, 1,000 bushels of bran. Corn Cakes, for Breakfast Beat together one egg, two tablespoons of sugar, two of melted butter, one-half teaspoon salt, two teacups cornmeal, one tablespoon flour, one teaspoon of cream tartar, mixed with the dry meal and flour, half a teaspoon soda, and two teacups of sweet milk. Dissolve the soda in the milk, and add last. Bake in a shallow tin pan, about fifteen minutes, in a well heated oven. The People Rice Waffles for Tea One quart of thin sour milk, poured over one teacupf ul of cold boiled rice. Do this two or three hours before the waffles are wanted. When ready to bake add a pint and a half of flour, two or three beaten eggs and soda. Oil the waffleirons each time they are used, with lard that is perfectly sweet. The rice used for rice griddle cakes and waffles should be salted when boiling. A grain of blue vitriol, or carmine, will tinge a gallon of water, so that... A grain of blue vitriol, or carmine, will tinge a gallon of water, so that in every drop the color can be perceived ; and a grain of musk will scent a room for twenty years. White pine shingles on the Shaker Meeting-house in Canterbury... White pine shingles on the Shaker Meeting-house in Canterbury, put on with wooden pins eighty-six years ago, are still in a good state of preservation, and if left alone, will last a half century longer. Liquid Shoe Polish The following is a german recipe : Dissolve 3| ozs. of shellac in half a pint of alcohol. Rub smooth 25 grains of lampblack with 6 drachms of cod liver oil, and mix. A few drops are to be applied to the leather with a sponge. HOW TO MAKE GOOD APPLE DUMPLINGS First procure good, sour, juicy apples, pare and core, leaving them in halves. Get all your ingredients ready before beginning to mix your dough, sugar, soda, milk, lard, salt flour and apples. Now make a dough as for soda biscuits, only adding a little more lard to make it shorter. Take a bit of dough out on the kneading board, and after kneading, roll this as for pie crust. Then cut in pieces long enough to cover an apple, allowing for lapping the edges. Put in two of your apple halves, sweeten according to taste, and cover apple and sugar with dough. Lay your dumplings in your bread-pan, the smooth side up, first having your pan well buttered. Proceed in this manner until you get your pan well filled (be sure it is a large-sized pan, for they will go off like hot cakes) then place a small bit of butter on the top of each dumpling, sprinkle a handful of sugar over all ; then place in a moderate oven and allow them to bake one hour. Serve (not^too hot) with pudding sauce or with cream and sugar. Dumplings made in this way are really delicious. Remedy for Warts Warts are very troublesome and disfiguring. The following is a perfect cure, even of the largest, without leaving any scar. It is a Frenchman's prescription, and has been tested by the writer: Take a small piece of raw beef, steep it all night in vinegar, cut as much from it as will cover the wart, and tie on it, if the excrescence is on the forehead, fasten it on with strips of sticking plaster. It may be removed in the day and put on every night in one fortnight the wart will die and peel off. The same prescription will cure corn. Turnipetts The true way to cook a beet is to bake, not boil it. Thus treated and sliced either in vinegar or in butter, it is much sweeter than when boiled, and said to be more nutritious. I saved the vinegar in which my beets were pickled for dinner, and the next day boiled a few small, young turnips, and sliced them up in the same vinegar. I added a little fresh vinegar, pepper and salt, and no one at the table knew that they were not eating white beets, until I called their attention to the fact.