Correspondence My Dear Albert: May heaven bless your unselfish labors... Ayer, Mass., October 3, 1879 My Dear Albert: May heaven bless your unselfish labors, and may the love of the good angels be most divinely yours, for the interest you have in keeping up to the true standard of our little organ. Who will now reaffirm that we ' cannot run a paper six months,' when the verdict is that 'it has steadily improved from the first.' Its ever white sail is being recognized by the great crafts that sail the great ocean of humanity, freighted with politics, science, physiology, morals and religion. The Shaker Manifesto, Long may it live, To the new earth and heaven A pure impulse give. So hopes and prays your constant friend and brother, Elijah. Since penning the above I have re-read ' The Grand Evolution,' in August number, and place it at the head of your very best productions ; and I may say the same of other contributions. ' There's a kingdom forever increasing.' E. Myrick Ed. Manifesto :—In response to your appeal to the generous... Mount Lebanon, Oct. 6, 1879 Ed. Manifesto :—In response to your appeal to the generous, inclosed please find Five Dollars as a mite toward helping ' bear the burdens of the weak.' I feel a deep interest in the prosperity and continuation of The Shaker Manifesto, I believe it ia doing a great deal of good, preparing the way for the coming of Christ to many, honest, truth-seeking souls. After reading the notice in the September Number of The Shaker Manifesto of the Shaker Sermons, I sat down and wrote for one of the books, and I am very desirous of its early issue. Yours truly, Avery Allen My Dear Brother—It is not in our hearts to flatter you nor The Shaker Manifesto, but... Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., Oct. 11, 1879 My Dear Brother—It is not in our hearts to flatter you nor The Shaker Manifesto, but we think it steadily grows better, and must increase its sphere of usefulness, and 256 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. be accepted as an encouragement by all seekers after the truth. Believe me, Yours, D. C. Brainard G. A. Lomas: Find inclosed five dollars, which... Shakers, N. Y., Oct. 17, 1879 G. A. Lomas: Find inclosed five dollars, which accept as my humble contribution to the valuable Manifesto. [Our noble Bro. Dye would not give consent to the use of his name, and the mention of his deed ; but we insisted upon ' letting his light shine ' for benefit of others.—Ed.] Jno. W. Dye Beloved Editor. — The following caution appears so very timely... The Ministry Shakers, N. Y., Oct. 17, 1879 Beloved Editor. — The following caution appears so very timely and important that we desire its reproduction in our ' Manifesto: ' The Ministry Poisons in farmers' hands Poisons in Farmers' Hands. The great increase during the past thirty years in the variety and number of insects which destroy the farmers' crops has made it necessary, for purposes of defense, to purchase and have upon the premises some very active poisonous agents, mineral and vegetable. Among these may be named Paris green, for destroying the potato beetle; hellebore powder, for the currant worms, rose bugs, etc.; and strychnine, for crows, blackbirds, etc., in corn-fields. These comprise some of the most potent and deadly poisons known to science. By far the most dangerous is Paris green, because it has come into such general use it is found in almost every farm house in the country. Now, it is a well-known principle in human conduct that familiarity with danger engenders indifference, carelessness and negligence, and consequently, however timid and cautious one may be in the first handling of dangerous implements or agents, in the course of time extraordinary safeguards are not thought of, and great recklessness succeeds to extreme caution. We were impressed with this fact by fortunately happening to observe a farmer, in the hurry of hay time in J uly, seize a wooden stirrer which had been used to mix Paris green with flour, and thrust it into a stone pitcher containing oat meal and water designed for the men in the field. Of course the peril was instantly pointed out, the beverage was thrown away, and perhaps life was saved. It was an incident well calculated to create a feeling of apprehension in regard to the employment of this poison by farmers. It was kept in a tool house, where also was the package of oat rneal, and here the mixing of the poison and the beverage took place. The stirrer, covered with the green powder, was the implement nearest at hand, and it was thoughtlessly seized in the hurry of the moment. All these conditions and circumstances show great carelessness, but is it greater than that shown by others in different ways ? We fear not! In the first place, no poisonous substances should be stored on farm premises, unless it be in an unused cellar or outbuilding. It is better to make a tight box, large enough to hold all the poisons needed to be kept on hand, together with dredging boxes, stirrers, etc., and place this in a secure place, away from tools, foods, etc., also from animals. Again, in using Paris green in gardens, care must be observed that no peas, beans nor other vegetables are in close proximity to the potatoes, as the powder might fall or be blown upon them, and thus reach the dining table and cause mischief. These poisons are of immense benefit to farmers, but, like gunpowder and other useful but dangerous agents, they should be used with intelligent and constant care. Boston Journal of Chemistry