SHAKER SERMONS An open letter. Book and Portrait. Dear Editor Manifesto.—I am well aware that we have given cause of trial to some by the publication of a book containing the portrait of the author, especially when it was known to be a departure from the common usage and sense of society, therefore, as the book goes out, some apology or explanation is now in order. It would be but natural to suppose that the author was moved by a spirit of vanity for suggesting such procedure. The desire of notoriety or fame, if any, had but little force in producing it. The book was written at short intervals in the midst of other heavy burdens and labors, and was thought to be of some importance, and it was suggested that double the number of copies could be got into circulation by introducing the portrait of the author, than could be without it. The desire for this greater circulation was the lever that moved this little world. The motive was therefore good, if the deed was wrong, which should give some action to the attribute of charity in those who may have felt aggrieved on the occasion. The union of good souls, or those who are laboring to be good, is worth more than any book. And as ' charity covereth a multitude of sins,' we can but hope this will not be found too large for her mantle. It was thought by some in the western part of Zion, that I had borrowed from or copied from Br. Jno. Dunlavy, which it would have been no dishonor to have done, for, as a logical reasoner, he had no superior. If I have given reason for this belief, I must say it is entirely accidental. I cannot now remember of referring to Dunlavy in any case, but I did consult the Millennial Church on one occasion. Eld. B. S. Youngs was the Gamaliel at whose feet I sat, and not Dunlavy ; but I claim a more strict adherence to the canons of logic than Benjamin could, because this formed no part of his education. I claim for the sermons logical accuracy. Still they may not be entirely flawless—none can call them sophistical or illogical without proving them to be so. I am very sure I will thank any person of any cloth or color who will be kind enough to point out any clause violative of any canon under the 'law of parsimony' as set forth by Hamilton and concurred in by Mill. Of course none but those who have made logic a part of their education can be able to do me this kindness. It cannot be expected that all of any profession will be able to see eye to eye in speculative theology, and it should be our labor (as a sainted sister of Mt. Lebanon has lately written me) ' To bless all in their calling and gift, and to me it is an easy matter so long as sincerity marks the course of each with good common sense actuating.' The writer and author of the ' sermons ' being one whose first word was uttered in Shakertown, and has grown up in it and taken lessons from the most learned and knowing of the order, has some cause to suppose himself to be in possession of the faith by and upon which the institution was founded, and upon which it is built up, and on which it must stand. This he has conscientiously endeavored to set forth in the book now launched upon the world ; and to show that the leaven has already began to work, from what has already gone forth, I will make a short quotation from one of the letters lately received from one not of our fold as 246 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. yet, residing more than three hundred miles distant, as follows: 'Dear Elder Bads, I re ceived the Manifesto for which I thank you kindly . I was so much pleased with the discourse on the 'Judgment of Sin,' '. read it over and over again. I like its sen . timents, on the confession of sin. * * I; ever it may be my good fortune to see you I will make a clean breast of it, God being my helper, as I am now fully convinced it is the only way in which sin can be forgiven, etc.' The writer of the quotation is a man of wealth and respectability, but bo and by a family in his present position. This perhaps is enough, as I wish not to claim too much of your valuable space. In purest love to all, H. L. Eads South Union, Ky.