EXTRACTS FROM THE REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE OF FRIENDS ON INDIAN AFFAIRS, 1878 Ten days were spent in the Great Narnaha (Nebraska) agency. The Indians were peaceable, white men (called Christians) had stolen some of their horses and cattle, and trespassed on their reservation. Schools on the reservation had been well attended. Of the [owa Children, only one had not attended school. Of the Sac and Fox, but three had failed to attend school. A home Juvenile Lyceum was conducted by the older children during winter months with interest and profit. Three Iowa Indian families have carpeted floors in their dwellings. Five Iowa Indian families own and use sewing machines. Every family able to do so, has fenced farms and fields. Five Iowa Indiana have farms containing from fifty to one hundred and sixty acres each ; Iowa Indians have fenced in 200 acres of land during the year; planted eleven mndred and sixty fruit trees, two hundred and sixty grape vines, during the year previous they had planted four hundred and 'orty trees and forty grape vines. * * * (phe jowaS; although self supporting in favorable years for agriculture, are not yet advanced to such a status of inancial ability to be capable, as citizens, to afely take upon themselves the control of heir reservation and trust funds. Some in lividuals, in both tribes, are idle, and no madic, in their habits and character. * * * THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 247 IOWA INDUSTRIAL HOUSE. Eighty acres of cultivated land are attached to this, producing, principally by home labor, all the wheat, corn, vegetables, pork, and much of the quantity of other meats required for the subsistence of the Iowa Indian scholars, who board there. The boys assist in farming, gardening, cutting and carrying wood, sweeping their rooms and feeding the domestic animals. The girls daily assist in cooking and household duties ; have completed, with assistance, many of the washings, bakings, brewings necessary for the family ; they knit stockings, cut and make wearing apparel, and mend the clothes of the boys and girls, * * . Number of full blood Indians who wear citizens dress, male and female : Io was............................ 138 Sac and Fox...................... 69 Total......................... 207 Mixed bloods (Iowas)............. 73 Mixed bloods (Sac and Pox)........ 1 Total.......................... 74 No Indians killed during the year, nor were any white persons killed by the Indians, neither were there any Indians needing punishment during the year. During the year Iowa Indians cultivated 750 acres, and the Sac and Fox 453 acres. As a rule, there has been success in the farming operations, the crops, with few exceptions, having been well cultivated, and harvested in good condition. Corn raised, 30,000 bushels ; wheat, 880 bushels ; barley, 338 bushels ; potatoes, 500 bushels ; besides large quantities of other vegetables. Eight hundred tons of hay were grown. The Iowas have 1,600 acres fenced; Sac and Fox, 500. The former made, during the year, 1,005 rods of fence, and the latter, 2,000. Seventy-five acres of prairie have also been broken. -------¦ In the ninth month last, a fair was held for, and by the Iowas which, though not very pretentious, was sufficient to show an interest would be taken in such matters if properly managed. * * * Only six Sac and Fox Indian familes live ill frame or long Indian houses ;—the balance of the tribe are satisfied to dwell in tents, tepees, or wick-i-ups. Two thousand lbs. of barbed fence will have been used during the year by the Sac and Fox Indians. After repeated efforts an Indian apprentice has been secured to the blacksmith and wheelwright, who makes good promise. OTOE AGENCY. The reservation now remaining to this tribe contains 44,093 acres. Agency buildings centrally located. Of the costume of this tribe the agent does not speak favorably. There are divisions and contentions in the tribe. It numbers 474; of these 100 are in the Cheyenne village, two miles from the agency office ; these have declined to receive rations from their agent. The Otoes are now more interested in agricultural pursuits than ever before. The chiefs and head men have generally left their villages of mud lodges, have selected farms and are breaking prairie. Fifteen families had fields of wheat aggregating 70 acres; the yield was good. They had corn fields covering 150 acres ; potatoes, 25 acres ; beans, melons, etc., 25 acres. The owners are proud of the results of their labors ; it must incite others to follow their example. The Agency crops were 100 acres of corn ; 180 acres of wheat; 20 acres of oats ; 6 acres of potatoes, and 7 acres of vegetables. The school building is ample to accommodate the tribe ; but quite a number of the children did not attend any session during the fiscal year. The school buildings are connected with a farm capable of furnishing all the supplies needed. During the spring and summer of 1877, 119,849 acres of the Otoe and Missouri lands, the western portion of their reserve, were, under the provisions of an act of Congress, appraised by Commissioners, at a valuation of $427,091 32-100, and soon after offered for sale, since which time nearly all the allotments have been taken possession of by white persons, claiming to be actual settlers. The Chiefs and the Interpreter have voluntarily taken steps to form themselves into a temperance society in the tribe. The policy previously pursued, of conducting a tribal farm for the benefit of the tribe, and paying Indians for their labor 248 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. thereon, lias been continued. By the purchase of ten additional pairs of oxen, the Indians were furnished with means for breaking new ground. Twenty different parties availed themselves of the opportunity, and an aggregate of 150 acres are broken. This is sown with wheat and looks well. The interest taken in farming is more encouraging. About one-third of the tribe continue in opposition to all improvements in civilized pursuits. The industrial school has continued in operation through the year. After leaving school the children incline more to citizens dress, are able to understand and speak English, acting as interpreters for their parents, keep their accounts and manage their transactions at the store. The scholars are fully up to the average of white children. The government has released the Quakers from the burden of the ' Pawnees.' The Winnebago and Omaha agencies are consolidated ; the Flandreau tribe added to the Santee Sioux agency. Philadelphia continues the care and oversight of the Great Nemaha and Otoe Agencies, and their tribes; New York of the Winnebago Indians ; Indiana of the Omaha Indians ; Baltimore, Genesee, Ohio and Illinois, joint action and care of the Santee, Sioux and Flandreau Indians aud their agencies. The cost to the Friends Yearly Meeting of the labors of its Committee during the past year has been $894.51. During the same period contributions have been made by individual members to the amount of $767.80, for fruit trees and seed grain for the benefit of Indian Agriculturists, and the construction of wells at Indian homes. Jacob M. Ellis, Clerk