THE FOOD QUESTION The question of food presents itself in such a manner in England that statesmen and every-day people recognize the necessity of meeting it fairly. In the severe competition upon which manufacturing nations have entered, the land system of England becomes a heavy weight upon the industry of that country. Parks and flower-gardens and lawns and spacious grounds around aristocratic mansions are pleasant things to look upon; but they produce no food. Large estates, yielding princely incomes from the rents paid by those who work the land, may suit wealthy land-owners, but they augment the cost of agricultural products and cause much embarrassment to the people who must work for small wages or abandon the hope of retaining foreign markets for their manufactures. In former years England received a very large part of the American cotton crop, and, with the superior machinery in use there, the spinners converted much of it into thread, which was sold on the Continent. The nations now most largely engaged in producing cotton fabrics will spin most of their own yarn. England manufactures large quantities of cotton goods which are sold in the West Indies, Mexico, Central and South America, and to a great extent are paid for with coffee, sugar and tropical fruits, which she sells to the United States. But efforts are now being made by American manufacturers to secure a part of this lucrative trade. In some other articles of manufacture this country is likely to become a successful competitor with England, and the statesmen of the latter country do not clearly see in what articles their manufacturers and producers can pay, directly and indirectly, for the vast amount of food and materials which they must get from this country. The manufacturing nations of the Continent, under ordinary circumstances, do not have to buy so much of the food of the people, and the latter are accustomed to the most economical manner of living. Capitalists and employers are satisfied with small interest and earnings, and consequently they become formidable competitors with those of England. It becomes evident* therefore, that England must reduce the cost of food, or suffer in the great contest for trade with her energetic and persevering rivals. How can she do this? Very rarely are suggestions which are designed to reduce the cost of living received with favor. In a time of business stringency the late Horace Greeley undertook to show that more wholesome, nutritious and palatable food could be procured by families at much less cost than the articles to which they were accustomed ; but most persons resented the well-intentioned advice, regarding it as an attempt to degrade them in their social condition. If an English philanthropist at this time would demonstrate that the proper selection and preparation of articles of less cost than the roast beef, plum pudding and wheaten bread of the English people would improve their health and increase their comfort, he would receive more rebukes than thanks for his pains. In this country one of the most popular articles of food in its season is green corn, and the variety of delicacies which are made from corn starch is such as to place it among our chief luxuries. In the Southern States the wealthier people prefer some of the simple forms of corn bread to that made from the finest wheat flour. But if Indian corn were suggested to an Englishman as a superior article of food, he would most probably reply, with an expression of disgust, that it is 'horse food.' Powerful prejudices have to be encountered in any effort to introduce innovations. It is possible that England's prosperity may yet be influenced by the judicious use of American corn.