SPECULATIVE THEOLOGIES THE ESSENTIAL FEATURE. It is with some alarm that some of our good people sorrow because several of the good and prominent brethren differ materially in their speculative theories ; thinking that it savors of and advertises differences among us as brethren. We have long made public declaration, that we had gathered into the fold of Shakerism many of various inclinations as to the colors of their theologies. Among the Shakers to-day, there are many whose previous educations, theologically, were from nearly every one of the prominent churches; and from these earlier teachings they have, as yet, neither seen nor felt any good reason to wholly depart. Among us there are some with the 'Atonement' theory still active in them ; others with Baptist and Presbyterian proclivities; some who frequently quote the Trinity favorably, and others who believe Jesus was very God, and Mary the mother of God! Thus are we comprised. And where is the harm ? If one brother really believes there is an identity in the Mosaic and the Christian Gods, and still other brothers and sisters who are confident there were and are Tutelary Deities, who needs to object ? Count us among the last. Amid merely speculative theologies, we know of but few who can see ' eye to eye;' and we opine that the less agreements upon such speculations, the better. Even we have some theological speculations — such as perhaps we could rarely make a convert with, and never save a soul—but we have endeavored to keep these outside of the office of The Shaker Manifesto, and even out of our lowly pulpit, before our large audiences. Just how successful we have been in these omissions we leave our readers and brethren to judge. As we state elsewhere, the days of theological wrangling should be numbered among the things of the past; they should, if counted at all, be recorded among the very non-essentials of our religious lives. We, with others, have an idea of God. Our imagination—which means the act of making an image—pictures to our mind the best God of which we can possibly conceive; just so with others; and if we differ, who is to blame, and where is the mischief ? Brethren, Sisters,Friends: The essential features of our theologies do not exist in, nor with, these speculative imaginings and differences. Once and for all time, let the life of the individual resemble Christ's life, and what can it matter about mooted points of scripture, Gods many or one God ? God's mother or a motherless 254 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. God ? Christ man, Christ woman or Christ child ? Away with all alarms about any mischief being done, so long as brethren advocate and live the purity, peacedbleness, philanthropy and unworldly life of Jesus, the Christ. This is the essential theology ; and just as welcome as we make all of our brethren and friends to dwell upon speculations in theology, we would just as kindly ask for their absence in their contributions to the Manifesto, and make them just as earnest a welcome to the elucidation and practical illustration of the grand, eternal, Christian essentials, depicted so clearly in the life of Christ. And' brethren, are we not correct ?