LIFE ARGUMENT One of the strongest arguments favoring Christianity has been that no one has regretted its practice on the death-bed. We present a stronger and strongest: No one having lived it, and enjoyed the purity and excellence of its radical features, ever wished to live or die by any other life doctrine. The half-way, hybrid, hypocritical and Pharisaical profession of Christianity which bears the name but evades the requirements, is sufficiently odious to make a respectable lower animal sick of it, and to long for a creed that teaches annihilation as a substitute. The death-bed is no place to create a criterion, but the active, healthy, good-sensed man or woman can tell the truth more effectually. CETYWAYO AND ENGLISH CONVERSIONS ' The English shot us to make us Christians, and I ash pardon for shooting bach at them! ' We ask any of the professionally Christian world, who in the least fa^or war, or a resort to physical, violent resistance, to be ashamed of their Christianity in this conversion of the Zulu King. REPRESENTATIVE STANDARDS We have many among our numbers who pretty nearly represent the true Christian example. If there remain any of the dregs of self, or bigotry, or uncbarity, these grow more and more of an affliction to such who are sensible of the defects. It is a truth, not to be spoken lightly of, that the grandest of liberality has taken effect in the bosoms of many staunch Shakers, and they will depart this world deprived of much ill-gotten bigotry and uncharity. Many only needed these losses to be emblems of what gospel work and crosses will do for a man or woman. It is one of the brilliant signs of the times among us, that indicates the more perfect Shaker, when THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. 255 each and all can admit that when a man and woman come within sixteen and one-half feet of being a Christian, they are within a rod of being a Shaker! HOW MUCH CHRISTIAN ARE YOU ? In our public service, recently, Eldress Polly Eeed delivered, among many good expressions to us all, the following advice and Christian Charity : ' Some may think they cannot live the true, Christian life, and perhaps this may be so ; it only remains for such to come as near to it as they can, and let their lives resemble Christ's as completely as they are able, etc.' This brings up plainly and pointedly to view, and to the test, both the duty and ability of those who have made and do make the Christian profession. ' Let him or her who is able to receive it do so.'