Correspondence My Dear Albert: May heaven bless your unselfish labors... Ayer, Mass., October 3, 1879 My Dear Albert: May heaven bless your unselfish labors, and may the love of the good angels be most divinely yours, for the interest you have in keeping up to the true standard of our little organ. Who will now reaffirm that we ' cannot run a paper six months,' when the verdict is that 'it has steadily improved from the first.' Its ever white sail is being recognized by the great crafts that sail the great ocean of humanity, freighted with politics, science, physiology, morals and religion. The Shaker Manifesto, Long may it live, To the new earth and heaven A pure impulse give. So hopes and prays your constant friend and brother, Elijah. Since penning the above I have re-read ' The Grand Evolution,' in August number, and place it at the head of your very best productions ; and I may say the same of other contributions. ' There's a kingdom forever increasing.' E. Myrick Ed. Manifesto :—In response to your appeal to the generous... Mount Lebanon, Oct. 6, 1879 Ed. Manifesto :—In response to your appeal to the generous, inclosed please find Five Dollars as a mite toward helping ' bear the burdens of the weak.' I feel a deep interest in the prosperity and continuation of The Shaker Manifesto, I believe it ia doing a great deal of good, preparing the way for the coming of Christ to many, honest, truth-seeking souls. After reading the notice in the September Number of The Shaker Manifesto of the Shaker Sermons, I sat down and wrote for one of the books, and I am very desirous of its early issue. Yours truly, Avery Allen My Dear Brother—It is not in our hearts to flatter you nor The Shaker Manifesto, but... Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., Oct. 11, 1879 My Dear Brother—It is not in our hearts to flatter you nor The Shaker Manifesto, but we think it steadily grows better, and must increase its sphere of usefulness, and 256 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. be accepted as an encouragement by all seekers after the truth. Believe me, Yours, D. C. Brainard