A HEATHEN MISSIONARY It is some years since the Chinese philosopher, through Mr. Oliver Goldsmith, expressed his opinion that, considering the superior morality of the people of China over those of England, it was little else than impudence to send missionaries there to teach a religion that had so little influence in a country where it had been taught for centuries. The disciple of Confucius also suggested that it would be much more to the purpose if China should send her missionaries to the benighted western world. What Goldsmith's Celestial friend imagined has well come to pass in these latter days ; the religions of the East are pushing their pickets into the West, and there are Buddhists and Confucians in London and New York, who are not Asiatics. And now comes the Chinese itinerant, Wong Chin Foo, to reveal to the American people the fact,—which only Parson Murray, Index Abbot, Col. Olcott and a few other theosophists have heretofore suspected—that there are other religions than the Christian, good enough to live by. Wong Chin Foo begins his mission in rather unpropitious associations with a 260 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. number of queer people who train in the theosophist set, but it is unfortunately true that only very queer people are willing, in this country or any other, to give fair play and opportunity to a downright heathen. He is something of a character, and has quite a history for one so young. Though only 26, he has visited this country twice, has been an officer of the imperial government at Shanghai, and a rebel against the present Tartar emperor. For this last a price was set on his head, and he was hunted for months, never getting into such serious danger as when he put himself into the hands of English missionaries, who, finding out who he was, decided to give him up to the emperor. He remonstrated against their betrayal of him to torture and final execution by cutting into 18 pieces ; but they promised to obtain him the favor of simply having his head cut off, and thereupon locked him in a room, and told him to put his trust in Jesus. Disregarding this very practical advice, he broke out and got to the coast, where an irreligious seaman gave him passage to Japan. Thence he came to San Francisco on a steamer which carried in the steerage 200 Chinese young women of the lower class, imported for infamous purposes ; and on arriving he went into the courts and secured their freedom and return to their country. He has spent a year or two in study, and during the past winter has lectured in several western cities. The addresses of Wong Chin Foo are not, so far as we find them reported, nearly so remarkable as the fact of his giving them. He does not make so strong a case for the Buddhist and Confucian faiths as W. H. H. Murray did in his lecture on the heathenism of modern Christianity, which made such a stir some years ago. Yet he puts sharply enough several contrasts not to our credit. He challenges any man in America, any missionary in Asia, to say that he ever heard one of the 450,000,000 of Chinese take the name of God in vain. How would we face such a challenge ? The Chinese put millions of money in wooden boxes less than an inch thick, though, says Wong Chin Foo, if the missionaries should ever thoroughly convert China, iron safes would have to be introduced to keep out burglars. The Christians have a commandment to honor parents, but a Chinaman would think the average Christian's love for his father and mother horrible neglect. After various such contrasts as these, the ' Heathen ' naturally objects to the arrogant conceit that all adult heathens are destined to hell-fire,—which it is true, scarcely any Christian believes, but which a.certain body of clergy in New York city recently declared in a formal resolution. Wong Chin Foo's self-imposed mission may be too heavy for him, but it cannot be called wholly gratuitous. N. Y. Times.