INTOLERANCE ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE It is very interesting as well as painful, to trace the historic events of the past, and note the action of the human mind in its growth and development from age to age, and mark the changes that have been wrought. But we perceive through all, while Science and Reason have forced their way and established a throne among men, higher and stronger than ignorance and prejudice, still, human passion is the same to-day as in the ages long ago; and unrestrained by law, and the progressive spirit which holds in check the tyrant's sceptre, whether professedly swayed by politicians or theologians, would rekindle the fires of persecution, and cause the strong to oppress the weak, the same now as in the days of the apostacy from the first Christian Church. Then, great diversity of opinions arose, and confused ideas concerning Deity; whether there was one God, two Gods, or a trinity of Gods; while Church and State combined their powerful influence to repress thought, and bind the tongues and con sciences of the people, and force them to bow to the decisions of the ecclesiastic synods. And for trifling differences of opinions entertained, or expressed, such as whether Christ was of two natures, or from two natures, which no one could intelligently define, and entirely non-essentially, would serve to arouse prejudice, and cause a tempest of passion to sweep as a wild wind through a dark forest. Again, when one claimed that Mary was mother of one of the Gods, and another dissented therefrom, as did one Nestorius, who thought the idea inconsistent and irreverent toward Deity ; for the candid expression of that thought, although just in his dealings and upright in life, a council of ecclesiastics condemned and banished him, and heaped anathemas upon him; and hoped that 'his tongue might be gnawed away with worms, and his soul gnawed eternally ;' and he died in exile on some lone island, or in a barren desert. Agitators and heretics were numerous in those days, and it was said ' that every new heresy gave birth to some other new heresy ; ' and thus the fires of persecution were never suffered to die down. Thousands and tens of thousands of the pious clergy, draped in the livery of the hierarchy of their time, and who Paul-like, verily thought they were doing God service, were constantly on the alert to search out and punish heretics in the most direful manner that human imagination, fired by brutal passion, could invent. In God's name, and professedly for His honor and glory it was done ! Now, we shudder.at the thought of such crimes as are recorded. Is not human nature the same in all ages ? Who can say that the spirit of persecution is dead or ' sleeps the sleep that knows no waking ? ' Religious intolerance has ever been most ruthless, and is far more to be dreaded than civil rule, however rigid, when left independent to act in its own sphere, and move in its own orbit. But when ecclesiastic leaders reach out their gloved hands to grasp the civil powers, and seek to form an alliance, to wed and bind the two in one, then may the lovers of true liberty tremble ! Under Church and State denomination, prison doors stand ajar ready to receive heretics and infidels. That point gained, and every ism in the present, as in the past, 242 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. would be tried and adjudged by the most popular creed-bound standard of the time while the high priests would sit as judges and the younger Christian (?) Associations just ripening into clerical manhood, would act as jurors. If we would preserve religious liberty in its fullest, broadest sense, and give to all races a home on American soil with freedom to think, and act, irrespective of the opinions of others, subject to civil law only, we need to watch the juntos, the subtle, secret, so-called religious conclaves, at the present time. And those who are clear-sighted and able to see how cause and effect are related, should lift up their voices in defense of true freedom. Let every man and woman be guided by their own reason, and be amenable to their own consciences, and while they are law-abiding, and strictly regard the rights of others, be free from persecution and oppression. May the testimony, like unto a ' sharp sword proceed out of the mouths ' of God's witnesses, and ply between Church and State governments. And while conceding the right of all religious denominations to combine their efforts to evangelize the whole world, if they can, we urge the necessity of keeping the civil and religious separate and distinct, as far as enacting and executing the civil law of our common country is concerned. If the constitution of the United States government, was framed by infidels (so-called) so let it remain. Let the clergy keep so far distant that their flocks may not partake of the spirit of infidelity through our civil code and let the law-makers, whatever their own religious views may be, know neither Greek, Jew, Gentile nor Christian, as such to approve or condemn. Let each and all stand upon the basic foundation of universal liberty, whether Infidel or Christian, within the pale of constitutional law. Virtue and moral integrity are a staff upon which we may lean with safety, while wending our way to the broad fields of endless progression, which are continually opening to view, as we journey up the towering hills that rise above the plains where the sun of God's truth shines brighter and clearer, and where myriads of purified spirits drink freely of those living waters that flow from the eternal Fountain. Unselfishly do they give to others who follow them, and extend a helping hand to aid their pilgrim brother and sister on their homeward journey, in those spheres where human passions cease their ragings, and love refined from dross bears rule. Truth alone will enable us to see eye to eye, and bring into harmonious relation and action whatever is useful, good and true. The more we conserve Truth, the more liberal we shall be, and the less disposed to oppose and persecute others for opinion's sake. But let us beware of the hydraheaded monster, Religious Intolerance I