Home Topics EGGS, EGGS Boiled eggs Boiled Eggs.—The best way to boil eggs is not to boil them at all. Put them in a tin dish and pour on boiling water ; cover the dish tight and set back where the water will merely keep hot; let it stand there from ten to fifteen minutes, according to the size of the eggs or the preference of the eaters of ' hard ' or ' softs.' Readers of newspapers often meet with the term 'car load'... Readers of newspapers often meet with the term ' car load,' but few of them know just what or how much it is. The Saint I Louis Times has taken the trouble to learn and says, as a general rule, 20,000 pounds, or 70 barrels of salt, 70 of lime, 90 of flour, 60 of whisky, 200 sacks of flour, 6 cords of soft wood, 18 to 20 head of cattle, 50 to 60 head of hogs, 80 to a hundred head of sheep, 9,000 feet of soUd boards, 17,000 feet of siding, 13,000 feet of flooring, 40,000 shingles, one-half less of hard lumber, one fourth less of green lumber, one-tenth of joists, scantling and all other large timber, 340 bushels of wheat, 300 of corn, 680 of oats, 400 of barley, 360 of flax seed, 350 of ap. pies, 430 of Irish potatoes, 360 of sweet potatoes, 1,000 bushels of bran. Corn Cakes, for Breakfast Beat together one egg, two tablespoons of sugar, two of melted butter, one-half teaspoon salt, two teacups cornmeal, one tablespoon flour, one teaspoon of cream tartar, mixed with the dry meal and flour, half a teaspoon soda, and two teacups of sweet milk. Dissolve the soda in the milk, and add last. Bake in a shallow tin pan, about fifteen minutes, in a well heated oven. The People Rice Waffles for Tea One quart of thin sour milk, poured over one teacupf ul of cold boiled rice. Do this two or three hours before the waffles are wanted. When ready to bake add a pint and a half of flour, two or three beaten eggs and soda. Oil the waffleirons each time they are used, with lard that is perfectly sweet. The rice used for rice griddle cakes and waffles should be salted when boiling. A grain of blue vitriol, or carmine, will tinge a gallon of water, so that... A grain of blue vitriol, or carmine, will tinge a gallon of water, so that in every drop the color can be perceived ; and a grain of musk will scent a room for twenty years. White pine shingles on the Shaker Meeting-house in Canterbury... White pine shingles on the Shaker Meeting-house in Canterbury, put on with wooden pins eighty-six years ago, are still in a good state of preservation, and if left alone, will last a half century longer.