ME vs. US OLIVER PRENTISS Long time ago, I had an Aunt 'Rusha— Jerusha, some called her. She was my sainted father's only sister, born in Shrewsbury, Mass., in the early part of the last century. At a certain or uncertain age, she married Luke Hitchcock. Luke was one of the Massachusetters that went to Lexington to pitch into the naughty Britishers who went there to raise hob with a few old muskets, called military stores. They pursued the Britishers to Cambridge where they formed a camp and commenced organizing in military style. When the war was ended, Luke went home penniless. For his family of small children he wanted bread. The King's liberal offer of 100 acres of land, farming utensils, a cow and one year's provisions, to men with families who would settle in his Canada domain, was accepted by Luke. His lot was in Sanbridge, east of Missisco Bay, second town north of Canada line. Luke built a house, log-house of course, one room with a ladder for the boys to go up stairs to sleep. Here, for a long time, Uncle Luke, Aunt Rusha, three sons and tbree daughters were a cozy community. The children increasing in bulk, another room was added to the end of the house— and still they were a cozy community. But when one of the children perpetrated matrimony, the meum sprouted out—' Father's end ' as it is now called, must be given up to the married couple, till some other home could be found—matrimony spoiled them for community. Is that the way it works generally ? will it always be so ? Will matrimony and meum forever be indissoluble? Is co-operation the nearest approach matrimony can ever make to community ? If so, we must have new earth, as well as new heavens. The old earth—the prostitution of the reproductive powers, to purposes not nominated in the bond, begins to have an offensive odor, repulsive to refined sensibility of the better class of minds. Who will break up the fallow ground and plant the new earth ? He—she—They, who has, or*have the moral stamina so to achieve, will leave the heroes of the past back in the shade. Their names shall be PMlagathus and Philanthropos—lovers of goodness and of mankind.