Editorial LET US BE HOiNEST WITH OURSELVES It behooves us, in giving the key-note to Shaker theology, that we give no uncertain sound ; but surely to indicate to those who read that they may run in channels of Christian life, unmistakable evidences that our theology and Christianity are so nearly one, and that this latter so entirely absorbs our theology, that radical Christianity is all that is left us to practice, teach, or to boast of. While very unwilling to demand acquiescence with our views by those who would think otherwise; and while mindful that compulsion is no part of our gospel polity, we would not permit the lowering of our gospel standard through any worldly sympathy nor inimical controversy. We believe, and we know that there are honest seekers after the truth of Christ in all professedly Christian denominations ; and as Christian professors we should accord to every other honest seeker the sympathy we ourselves would like. It only remains for us all — all who, leaving self and selfishness out of consideration—will accept Christ as the standard life, and as fast as our religious convictions will permit us, and teach us, and urge us, pattern our lives after that beautiful standard; and being honest with our-, selves, acknowledge ourselves just so far from the perfect and desirable Christianity as there exists a disparity between our motives, lives and professions, and these same features in the life of Jesus, our Lord. The days of theological wranglings and moonshine* professions should now be considered antique, useless and dead; while the living elements which made Jesus Christ so lovely and adorable may be ours to love and to live by, to the same loveliness'and adoration ultimately. By such parity of reasoning, we have a living faith, with ivories like unto Christ's life, as our credentials of genuine discipleship. We will not quarrel with our sincere Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Episcopalian nor Roman Catholic brethren. So long as they honestly see genuine Christianity therein, it would be wrong to disturb or offend them. Indeed we know of much good in all religious persuasions; but we cannot help bringing to bear upon all of these the radical, fundamental principles of Christ's life, and wherein there appears a contrast, we ask each and everyone, why this is so? With Beecher, we asseverate: ' The servant has no right to follow, and cannot follow, where the Master did not go !' Realizing, as we all may, what were the ruling characteristics of Jesus, the pattern of our Christianity; and realizing, as we cannot help doing, that the lives of the great majority of those who profess a following after Christ, bear little or no resemblance to his; we would sound the clarion of alarm to arrest further progress from Christ, and blow the horn of Gabriel to waken the thoughtless and the sleeping to a just realization of the situation, and raise the dead in sins to view and copy the resurrected life of the Christ. This is duty on our part; and however unpleasant to distrust the imaginary prepossessions wrought out by earlier, but erroneous educations, 'yet being placed in charge of the gospel, must we speak, not as pleasing men, but THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 251 God.' Let us all be honest with ourselves, and demand for ourselves an honest religion, a genuine Christianity. Let us again lift up to our views the beautiful Christ anew. Bring the square and the plummet to bear upon him. Catechise him. Ask for ourselves ' what shall we do to inherit eternal life ?' And after viewing the beauty of his character; after testing the quality of his purity of life ; after the rendition of our questions to our fullest satisfaction, hear him: I' If thou wouldst be perfect, forsake all worldly ambitions, affections,loves and lusts, and come and follow me !' Then are we truly led to remember that his life on earth was one of that virgin purity stamp, which so beautifies the heavens; that his life was so unselfish, that with kingdoms at the command of his ambitions, he yet fared and shared with the humblest of his disciples, possessing naught that he called his own ! So peaceable was he that he blessed those who cursed him, and prayed blessings for those who despitefully used him and crucified him; and so unspotted from the good and bad of the world, as to make us to feel at this late day that he was almost an angel of God from heaven, clothed with flesh! Let us be honest with ourselves, and demand for ourselves an honest, Christian theology. Let us, sincere Baptists, Methodists, Episcopalians, Romans, Presbyterians and all other denominations bearing the affix or suffix of Christian, compare our Christianity and our lives with these in Christ; and wherein there are differences, let us be honest, and acknowledge ourselves so far from being true Christians. Then let us be determined to be Christians, at any and every cost, wherein these discrepancies have proved us not. It will pay to be honest with ourselves. Let our theologies be secondary to the life of Christ, patterned by our lives. Let our theologies go into oblivion wherein these differ from the radical features of Christ's life; for this is better than all other theologies; and being thus honest in our endeavors to know and to live the truth, we will only be satisfied in living as Jesus lived, and thus living, will simply be followers of Christ, radical but genuine Christians. MUST WE FORSAKE THE GOOD? In the initiative, let us particularly make declaration: We love Jesus, the Christ, so well, that we think no life better than his, and as his love of life was and is, so would our love be expressed in imitating his excellent example. It is commonly admitted that the testimony of Jesus was denunciatory of evil, and that this testimony was peculiarly sustained by his unsinful life. We do not, on this account, render to Jesus any especial credit beyond what we gladly bestow upon many companions of to-day. Ninetynine one-hundredths of the people condemn deeds that bear on their faces the marks and intents of actual sin. Jesus was no exception in this. The world at large are ready to accept and to unite with us in condemnation of the sinful; and we must very occasionally give large and an increase of credit to some who are severer in their terms upon sin itself than we the Shakers are. While we have so much sympathy or testimony against evil, we find the largest, strongest op- 252 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. position toward taking one step farther —the relinquishment, the entire renunciation as a duty, of any good thing or practice. The great majority are against us in this ; will not hear us, nor harbor the thought for a moment. And yet here is where Jesus became and remains pre-eminent—by the denial unto himself, and unto his followers, of every feature of worldly good, upon which we all so naturally incline to place our affections ! Do not the Shakers admit the good of marriage and reproduction by the children of the world ? And did Jesus ever condemn it there ? And yet, Jesus being 'the Resurrection'—the life raised up above even the good of marriage and reproductions—did he not forsake these worldly-good things for the attainment of the very much better things of the spirit ? Why did Jesus deny himself of being a good husband and father ? deny himself of wife, children, houses, land, and did crucify his very worldly-good life, with all its affections, loves and lusts ? And why did he imperatively enjoin upon his disciples, these same renunciations of worldly-good things—the nearest, dearest and most intensely satisfactory possessions to a worldly mind? Were his instructions of denial to these based upon their wickedness ? Not so, emphatically, Nay ! The gospel of Jesus meant progress; up from, out of and away from even the good and best of worldly relations and practices, to the formation of unworldly, regenerative, angelic followers called Christians. In his day his immediate disciples were implicitly obedient to his instructions ; and they left off the practices of husbands, wives, fathers, mothers, holders of personal possessions, children, houses, lands, etc., and forsaking the good and bad of the carnal, worldly life, accepted the life of Jesus as a most glorious substitute—a tetter and the test life. Among the myriads professing Christianity since the days of Jesus, there have been extensive, retrograde movements. Those very features which Jesus and his little company actually forsook, regardless of their most endearing fascinations to their worldly inclinations, are too commonly made sacraments of by the churches and people professing his name! Belief is now extensively taught that Jesus did not mean 'forsake ' when he said so, when he lived so, and which others who followed him, forsook to live like him ! The profession of Christianity remains abundantly to-day ; but ask a man to hate the wife, yet love the woman as his sister in Christ; ask the woman to hate the husband life of the man and yet love him as her brother in Christ; only ask men and women to forsake the good and bad which Jesus forsook, and which they must forsake to be genuine disciples, and there rises an opposition which vents itself in derision, contempt or in open, violent persecution! Yet here stands the testimony, unmoved as the heavens; here will stand through all eternity the radical truths of Christianity, which to learn, demand the actual relinquishment of worldly good, and the acceptance of new relations by humanity, better and best, and all in the progress of godliness. Let those deride who please; but for us, Jesus the Christ, has lived as a heavenly example. Our following, even imperfect- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 253 ly, gives us by the world-loving the opprobrious epithet 'fanatical Shakers;' while we, in ' despising such shame ' as coming only from those more unlike Christ than we are, will be happily content to continue in the life of Jesus, in Virgin' Purity, in a United Brotherhood, as Peacemakers, and as nearly Unworldly as was Jesus, as we can. Must we forsake any good thing ? To be like Jesus Christ, to be his followers, we must forsake many good things, as well as all bad ones; and we shall be enabled to count all such forsakings, as decided gains unto a Christian heaven.