STOP CROAKING; LET DOWN THE BUCKETS F. W. EVANS A ship was sailing in the southern waters on the Atlantic, and those on board saw another vessel making signals of distress. They bore down toward the distressed ship and hailed it: 'What is the matter? ' 'We are dying for water,' was the response. 'Dip it up, then!' was answered, 'you are in the month bi the Amazon river.' There those sailors were thirsting and suffering, and fearing, and longing for water and supposed there was nothing but the ocean's brine around them, when in fact they had sailed unconsciously into the broad mouth of the mightiest river on the globe and did not know it. So the people even now, as they have been for years, are cry. ing 'hard times,' and are ready to despair 244 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. when they have fortunately reached where the sources of wealth are opening all around them, and all that is necessary is to go to work and stop croaking. Is it not even so with Zion ? Have we not come to the good time coming, come to the 'fullness of times?' Is not the spirit world big with the treasured human hopes of the past centuries ? Are we not waiting, watching, thirsting, praying, putting out signals of distress to attract the notice of those not half so favored as ourselves ? Let down the buckets into the broadest 'ocean of good into which mortals ever sailed, and draw therefrom the waters of immortal life. Friends on the other shore are literally weighted down with the precious treasures of long, fruitful soul travail, that they desire to communicate to the dwellers on earth. Let down the buckets into the spirit world. Spiritualism has done its work with the first class of advanced minds. Now let it return home, whence it proceeded years ago to water the then thirsty earth; and as water or oil follows the withdrawal of the successful drill, so will souls follow the return to Zion of the angel of spiritualism. Spiritualism has been leavening the first class of its recipients. It has been disintegrating. It has proceeded far enough with them. Let them be put into the hot oven of Shakerism, to arrest the further process of decomposition.