WHAT IS LIFE ? RHODA R. HOLLISTER O ! what is life upon the earth, A ceaseless toil mid' pain and dearth ? For which no recompense is given, Though every kindred tie is riven? May we not ever hope to find Something to satisfy the mind? Through all the struggles that are rife, To win the goal, eternal life ? Have all the battles bravely fought, With no sure victory been fraught ? But doubt and fear, with ebbing tide, The surging waters still divide? And shall the spectre of despair, With Upas poison fill the air ? Destroying buds of faith and hope, That would in beauty gently ope ? Shall we then trust to shadows vague, Our time and talents to engage ? When high and noble aims invite, Our aspirations for the right ? RESPONSE. Ah, nay, it is not all a blank, Our being here below ; But rays of light from sunny climes, Their brightness o'er us throw. And freshened hopes that in our hearts Are rising new each day— Point ever to the glorious time, When love shall bear the sway. And superstition, caste, and creed, No more can bind the soul ; But freedom's disenthralling power, O'er error will control. New earth and heavens, clear and bright, Like clouds that upward rise, Unveils the sun aglow with light, To flood the earth and skies. And sorrowing spirits that have trod The martyr's rugged way May in this light be lifted up, And view the gladsome day ; When Zion's Temple rises, grand, Above the plane of earth, While many there have entered in, And found the heavenly birth. There no discordant spirits dwell, Her sacred courts to mar, But quietude and order reign, With love the guiding star. And on her banner is inscribed, In lines of purest gold, Peace, and good-will,to all mankind; Its blessed power behold. For this the hundred-fold is given, The Saviour's promised boon ; That all, who kindred ties forsake, May share this heavenly home. Can come, and with them be baptized, In Jordan's cleansing wave, And find in Achor's valley low, A balsam that will save. 'Tis thus a pure relation's formed, Strong in the love of truth ; Working together in the Lord, For its increasing growth. Building upon this basis, A structure that will stand, Should threatening storms and tempests, Sweep over sea and land. And while to heaven is lifted, A prayer to haste the time, When souls that good are seeking, The harvest work will find ; We'll gather to the standard, So beautiful and true, Borne by our faithful leaders, To guide us safely through. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.