CONSECRATION TO A GODLY USE Covenanta] and real members of the Shaker Church consecrate themselves, services and all they have possessed or may possess to the cause of Christ, as stated in the following language: •'By this covenant we do solemnly and conscientiously dedicate, devote, consecrate and give^up ourselves and services, together with all our temporal interest, to the service of God, and the support and benefit of the Church of this Community, and to such other pious and charitable purposes as the Gospel may require.' * * * And we do hereby solemnly agree to support and maintain the true primitive faith and Christian princip * * * pertaining to the said Gospel, as ministered by the founders of the society * * * . And consider and acknowledge ourselves as members of one general community, possessing one faith, and subject to one united parental and ministerial administration.' It is quite plainly manifested that there are two prominent worldly interests in which personal individual photographs play an important part, first, conspicuous popularity, worldly ambition, pride and vanity ; secondly, use in the police department for the detection of criminals. But, it is not so manifest in what way the use of individual e personal photographs can be consecrated to th service of God, the support and benefit of this community, and such other pious and charitable purposes as the Gospel may require,' according to the covenantal consecration before mentioned. It is consequently to be anticipated that a personal vanity and ambition for distinction and individual exaltation shall be swallowed up by that noble purpose, which by consecrating all the powers, faculties and labors of the indiv idu covenant member to swell the united capacity of the Chur Christ's Second Appearing, to set fore the world a sacrifice of self-pride, ambition and interest for the manifestation of a character of devotion to God's work so full and complete as to make of one brotherhood and sisterhood the whole household of f aith, toiling together on the beautiful level of love, not each one striving to be the greatest after the fashion of the children of this world. The procurement and display of individual personal photographs which have been obtained by members of the Shaker Community are, we believe, justly deemed to be' in contravention of the foregoing covenantal principles, and of course, disapproved by the leading authorities of the Church and religious Covenantal Association aforesaid. It is therefore desired and will be anticipated by the aforesaid authorities, that the use and further procurement of personal individual photographs will be entirely abandoned by every professed member of the aforesaid society andcovenantal constitution. The Ministry and Elders of Mt. Lebanon Shaker Society, N. Y.