'GIVE US THIS DAY OUR DAILY BREAD.' MARTHA J. ANDEIRSON 0, trustful prayer! by earnest heart expressed, The simple utterance of a common need ; A want, awakened in each human breast, That seeks for some sustaining power to feed. Christ taught his true disciples thus to pray— While by his gentle hand their souls were led To trace the shining paths of wisdom's way— ' Lord, give to us this day our daily bread.' Along the centuries' broadening aisles, Whence come the precious truths of long ago. We see the sunbeams of those golden smiles, That flood the earth with an eternal glow. The bud and blossom of the passing 3Tears, Their harvest fruitage in our pathway spread, To this blest prayer the answer now appears. ' Lord, give to us this day our daily bread.' While millions in the fated Orient Have yielded to starvation stern and gaunt; While plague and scourge, on direful mission bent, Have filled the sunny South with woe and want, Our home'—-among the hills that God hath reared, Where timely showers and gentle dews are shed —¦ Has not by scorching heat and drought been seared, For we have shared each day our daily bread. Thus while we ask, 0 ! let us not forget That constant blessing, like a silvery stream In peaceful flow, our hearts' desires have met, Till all life's toil and duties pleasant seem. Ah ! in the consciousness of doing right, The crystal sea of perfect truth we tread, And, dwelling in the glory of its light, Receive from angel hands our daily bread. And now within this sacred, calm retreat, Once more our gifts on Nature's shrine we lay; 0 ! may their perfume rise like incense sweet, And mingle with our orisons to-day. While we commune from all the world apart THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 275 As did that Judean band, with Christ their head, Likewise we pray with fervency of heart, ' Lord, give to us this day our daily bread.' The fruits of union and the sweets of love, The harvest-yield of friendship's precious seed, The ripened sheaves that peace hath stored above, These shall supply our spiritual need. And for the mortal we would seek for wealth That springeth from earth's rich and fruitful bed, The food that giveth lengthened life and health. Give us this day, O, Lord! for daily bread.