WHO IS CHRIST? BY BABOO KESHUB CHUNDER SEN I am not a Christian ; none of the numerous sects into which the Church of Christ is divided would allow my creed to be identified with its own. I have not been nursed on a Christian lap, nor have I been brought up under Christian teachers. The country in which I dwell is not a Christian country, nor is my home a Christian home. I am deficient in biblical knowledge, nor am THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 269 I skilled in exegesis. Yet must I speak of Christ. My love of Christ constrains me to speak of Him. My loyalty to Jesus is my apology. If any other apology were needed, I would invite your attention to India's earnest and impassioned solicitation. Most eagerly and most earnestly she asks : Who is Christ ? On all sides there are indications and signs which clearly and unmistakably prove that this question emanates from the very heart of the nation. It is no wonder that India should ask this question. For is not a new and aggressive civilization winning its way day after day, and year after year, into the very heart and soul of the people ? Are not Christian ideas and institutions taking their root on all sides in the soil of India ? Has not a Christian government taken possession of its cities, its provinces, its villages ; with its hills and plains, its rivers and seas, its homes and hearths, its teeming millions of men and women and children ? Yes, the advancing surges of a mighty revolution are encompassing the land, and in the name of Christ strange innovations are penetrating the very core of India's heart. Well may our fatherland sincerely and earnestly ask : Who is this Christ ? Perhaps you will tell me that this question has been answered already. Look at the flood of Christian literature that has swept over the length and breadth of the country. There are heaps of books and numberless preachers and teachers around you, all endeavoring to give a complete answer to the question before us. Doubtless, from these sources, India has had some knowledge of Christ of Nazareth. Bat such knowledge has not given her complete satisfaction. It is true, the people of India have been satisfied in some measure, but they have been disappointed in a much greater measure. For England has sent unto us, after all, a Western Christ. This is indeed to be regretted. Our countrymen find that in this Christ, sent by England, there is something that is not quite congenial to the native mind, not quite acceptable to the genius of the nation. It seems that the Christ that has come to us is an Englishman, with English manners and customs about him, and with the temper and spirit of an Englishman in him. Hence is it that the Hindoo people shrink back and say, ' Who is this revolutionary reformer who is trying to sap the very foundations of native society, and bring about an outlandish faith and civilization quite incompatible with Oriental instincts and ideas? Why must we submit to one who is of a different nationality ? Why must we bow before a foreign prophet?' It is a fact which cannot be gainsaid that hundreds upon hundreds, thousands upon thousands, even among the most intelligent in the land, stand back in moral recoil from this picture of a foreign Christianity trying to invade and subvert Hindoo society ; and this repugnance unquestionably hinders the progress of the true spirit of Christianity in this country. But why should you Hindoos go to England to learn Jesus Christ ? Is not Christ's native land nearer to India than England ? Are not Jesus and his apostles and immediate followers more akin to Indian nationality than Englishmen ? Are not the scenes enacted in the drama of the Christian dispensation altogether homely to us Indians ? When we hear of the lily, and the sparrow, and the well, and a hundred other things of Eastern countries, do we not feel we are quite at home in the Holy Land ? Why should we then travel to a distant country like England in order to gather truths which are to be found much nearer our homes ? Go to the rising sun in the East, not to the setting sun in the West, if you wish to see Christ in the plentitude of his glory and the fulness and freshness of the primitive dispensation. Why do I speak of Christ in England and Europe as the setting sun ? Because there we find Apostolical Christianity almost gone; there we find the life of Christ formulated into lifeless forms and antiquated symbols. But if you go to the true Christ in the East, and his apostles, you are seized with inspiration. You find the truths of Christianity all fresh and resplendent. Recall to your minds the true Asiatic 270 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Christ, divested of all Western appendages, carrying on the work of redemption among his own people. Behold, he cometh to us in his loose-flowing garments, his dress and features altogether Oriental, a perfect Asiatic in every thing. Watch his movements, and you will find genuine Orientalism in all his habits and manners, his uprising and downsitting, his going forth and his coming in, his preaching and ministry—aye, in his very language, and style and tone. Indeed, while reading the Gospel, we cannot but feel that we are quite at home when we are with Jesus, and that Jesus is altogether one of us. He is our Christ. The outward Christ is certainly an Asiatic, and, as such he comes to us, and rivets our national sympathies. But can we say the same thing of the invisible Chriot, the spiritual Christ, the soul of Christ? Is that Oriental ? Can you, as Asiatics, appreciate and accept the spirit of Christ? In the very outset of the inquiry, we find the ethics of Christ asking us to accept it, and give it a place in our hearts. And we readily acquiesce in it. The sublime and marvelous ethics of Christ, who can condemn—who will not honor ? The rules of forgiveness and love, meekness, humility, charity, justice, sincerity, and simplicity,the rules of propriety, self-restraint, asceticism, constitute the highest standard of true ethics, which must find acceptance in all parts of the world. Though we are Hindoos, we cannot help admiring the superior and exalted ethics which Christ brings to us. You cannot deny it; you cannot set it aside. It is from God. Your consciences attest it. Ancient philosophy bows before it. A greater than Socrates has taught us this lofty ethical code; and we are bound for truth's sake to accept this legacy from Christ. We are all agreed, irrespective of differences of creed and caste, as to the supremacy of the ethical law embodied in Christ's teachings and character. If you Indians hesitate or refuse to accept Christ, it is not because you dislike Christ's ethics. It is not Christ's humanity that is a stumbling-block in your way, but his socalled divinity. His heavenly spirituality, not his human morality, stands in the way of your accepting him. It appears to me that Christ believed earnestly and consistently in what 'I should, in the absence of a better expression, call the doctrine of divine humanity. Christ not only believed this, but he carried it, theoretically and practically, to the uttermost logical sequence. But what was this doctrine? Christ struck the key-note of it when he announced his divinity before an astonished and amazed world in these words: 'land my Father are one.' He lived, moved, and had his being in God. Not a breath he drew, but it was from the Lord. Not a drop of life-blood was there in him, but it came from the very fountain of life and vitality in heaven. He said, he heard, he touched, as we see, hear and touch. but he always felt that the root of his being was God himself—a fact of which we are not always conscious. He had his life rooted in divinity. He felt always that the Lord was underlying his whole existence. And, therefore, without equivocation, and with all the boldness and candor of conscious'simplicity, he proclaimed unto the world that he was one with God. But he asserted the doctrine of spiritual oneness, not only with reference to the Godhead, but also with regard to those around him. He was present, not only in God, but also in the hearts of his disciples. What was his prayer to his Father regarding his people before he allowed himself to be crucified ? Some time before that event occurred, Christ went to his Father and said, ' As thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us.' Thus, in comprehensive unity, he sought to include God, himself, and all mankind. On the occasion of his last supper, he. commended himself to his disciples and the world at large as mere bread and wine, to be assimilated to the soul, as mere leaven, that in time leaveneth the whole mass. Addressing those around him, Christ said : ' He that eateth my flesh and drinketh my blood dwelleth in me and I in him.' The language is strange, indeed ! Christ's body should enter into his disciples; his very THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 271 flesh and his very blood should be tasted by his chosen and beloved disciples ! Those who loved him were called upon to partake of his flesh and blood ! The thing seems absurd. How could man eat Christ and drink his blood ? That was possible in one sense only. In the sense already indicated of spiritual identification. All those who accept Jesus with thorough fidelity are identified with him in truth, in love, in wisdom, and in purity of character. As Christ was one with God, he wanted others also to be one with him and one with God, so that all men might dwell together in the glory# of heaven, enjoying everlastingly a life of purity and holiness and joy in God himself. That, indeed, was Christ's mission, that was the great object of his life. He did not seek to place himself before his hearers as a dogma or a doctrine or a theoretical truth. He wanted to live in them with all his ideas and feelings and principles, his piety and godliness, his life of mystic absorption into the Deity. For two thousand years men have been trying to find out the dead Christ under the stone. But the Spirit of God has marveL ously rolled away the stone, and Christ is not there. Even for three days Christ would not consent to live on earth as a dead Christ buried under the stone. So the Lord took his Christ unto himself and has in all ages discomfited and disappointed those that have searched for a dead Christ on earth. Where, then, is Christ now? He is living in all Christian lives, and in all Christian influences at work around us. Of the dead Christ I speak not. Of what use is a dead Christ to us or to our nation ? Put the living spirit of Christ into your hearts and affections, your daily life and character. Do you not see Christ existing throughout Christendom, like an all-pervading leaven, mysteriously and imperceptibly leavening the bias of millions of men and women ? You cannot resist his influence, you may deny his doctrine, you may even hate and repudiate his name, but he goes straight into your hearts and leavens your lives. He does not care to inquire what doctrine you believe, or what dogma you accept, nor even what sort of a life you lead. You may be the basest of sinners. You may be intellectually opposed to many of his doctrines. The truth that is in Christ will, perforce, overcome and penetrate your souls in spite of your perverseness, and secretly influence your character. In all Christian literature, laws and institutions, we see Christ's living influence as a reality. The Christ that is advancing in all directions has touched India, and hence the question she asks—-Who is Christ? The genius of the nation has asked this question, and you are bound to answer it. In the interests of the country, in the interests of truth, the question must be answered one way or another, now or hereafter. To India's solemn and thrilling cry you must some day return a response. Meanwhile I must beg your acceptance of the truly national solution of the problem I have presented to you. You will find on reflection that the doctrine of divine humanity is essentially a Hindoo doctrine, and the picture of Christ's life and character I have drawn is altogether a picture of ideal Hindoo life. Surely, the idea of absorption and immersion in the Deity is one of those ideas of Vedantic Hindooism which prevail extensively in India. From the highest sage to the humblest peasant, millions of men in this land believe in the Pantheistic doctrine of man's identity with the Godhead. The most illiterate man is heard to say he and the Lord are one. The doctrine of absorption in the Deity is India's creed, and, through this idea, I believe, India will reach Christ. Will he not fulfill the Indian Scripture ? I am reminded of the passage in the Gospel in which he says: 'I am not come to destroy, but to fulfill.' The Mosaic dispensation only? Perhaps the Hindoo dispensation also. In India, he will fulfill the Hindoo dispensation. The religion of our ancestors was Pantheism from beginning to the end, and what is Hindoo Pantheism? Essentially, it is nothing but the identity of all things with God. I do not mean that you should retain Pantheism as it exists in Indian books. Oh ! there are mischievous errors and horrid ideas mixed up with it, which you must eschew. Christ's Pantheism is a Pantheism of a lof- 272 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. tier and more perfect type. It is the conscious union of the human with the Divine Spirit in truth, love and joy. The Hindoo sage realizes this union only during meditation, and he seeks unconscious absorption in his God, with all his faults and shortcomings about him. But Christ's communion is active and righteous ; it combines purity of character with devotion. Hindoo Pantheism in its worst form is proud, being based upon the belief that man is God ; it is quietism and trance ; Christ's Pantheism is the active self-surrender of the humble servant and the loving son. In the midst of activity, Christ was absorbed in God. Eating or drinking, preaching or going about doing good, his spirit was enjoying serene communion. There is no pride in him, for he is dead to self. There is no dreamy mysticism in him, for he is ever doing the will of his Father. In Christ you see true Pantheism. And, as the basis of early Hindooism is Pantheism, you, my countrymen, cannot help accepting Christ in the spirit of your national scriptures. You have already seen how, in his outward form and appearance, with his flowing garments, he is acceptable to you. Now, you find that even the spirit of Christ draws you through your national instincts. You have a national affinity to the invisible as well as to the visible Christ. Can you deny it? Behold, Christ cometh as an Asiatic in race, as a Hindoo in faith, as a kinsman and a brother, and he demands your heart's affection. Will you deny it ? He comes to fulfill and perfect that religion of communion for which India has been panting as the hart panteth after the water-brooks. Let all people in this country who bear the Christian name remember that it is not by presenting a Western Christ to our countrymen that they will be able to regenerate India. If you like, present the English side of Cbrist's many-sided character to the English nation. If you wish, present a German Christ to the Germans, an American Christ to the American people. But if you wish to regenerate us Hindoos, present Christ to us in his Hindoo character. When you bring Christ to us, do not bring him to us as a civilized European, but as an Asiatic ascetic, whose wealth is devotion, and whose riches are prayers. That horrid form of asceticism which prevails in this country in the form of mere self-mortification is, indeed, most harmful and pernicious. True asceticism, as indicated by Christ, means simply this : ' Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all things shall be added unto you.' One word more and I have done. The time is coming, and now is, when India shall worship the Father in spirit and in .truth. Say unto Christ as unto your best friends — Welcome ! I say, emphatically, and I say before you all, that Christ is already present in you. lie is in you, even when you are unconscious of his presence ; even if your lips deny Christ, your hearts secretly accept him. For Christ is 'the light that lighteth every man that cometh into the world.' If you have in you the spirit of truth and filial devotion, self-sacrifice, that is Christ. Though often defiled and persecuted by the world, I have found sweetness and joy unutterable in my Master Jesus. Jesus is to me not a hard doctrine. He never was to me a doctrine. I am thankful to say I never read any anti-Christian books with delight, and never had to wage war with my Christ. The mighty artillery of his love he leveled against me, and I was vanquished and fell at his feet, saying, Blessed Child of God, when shall others see the light that is in thee ? Therefore, I say, countrymen, be not as the unbelievers are ; do not throw yourselves into the vortex of materialism and scepticism. Christ, your friend, is walking through the streets of this country, carrying the banner of God, the Most High. He exhorts you to renounce self. My countrymen, throw off the scabbard then, unsheath the sword and cut down this abominable self, and establish this kingdom of heaven in your lives. Achieve the triumph and rejoice, for the Bridegroom cometh.