Henry Kiddle, A. M. Dear Friend: We have just returned from our morning meeting... Mt. Lebanon, Nov. 14, 1879 Henry Kiddle, A. M. Dear Friend: We have just returned from our morning meeting, where we read to our family of sixty people, your lecture in Brooklyn. I have never had the pleasure of your acquaintance, personally, but know you by .my friend, and your friend, Wickham, ex-mayor of New York. 1 have received, through him, a copy of your ' Future Life.' Am much interested in it — still more interested in its author. We live in stirring times. A Judgment day is upon Christendom. It began at the House of God, the fountain of modern Spiritualism, the Shaker Order. I, too, once lived in New York. I was a young man, but a confirmed materialist; also a communist. Humanity was all the God I acknowledged. In 1830, visiting the Shakers, I found, in practical operation, principles of equality and justice that we, as Infidels, had failed to actualize,—a Brotherhood and Sisterhood, claiming to be the result of Spiritualism. By instruction from Spirits, a woman, who could neither write nor read, established justice, where the wise and prudent had failed. Ann Lee said she communed with five souls out of the body, where she did with one in the earth-life. Two extremes—credulity and incredulity, faith and unbelief, Spiritualism and Materialism, met together. After being here a few days, I began to receive Spiritual ministrations in evidence of Immortality, and of intercommunication of souls in and out of the body. These continued until I became satisfied. Prom that time I have been a Spiritualist. I have seen the old Babel system of Christendom gradually and rapidly breaking up. The old heavens are passing away, and New Heavens are creating. Old Church and State Government must come to an end. Zulu wars, Irish and English domestic troubles, Indian wars and Russian barbarities are products of false theologies. ' Behold I create all things new, ' good and true. Spiritualism is the disintegrating element that will bring the old world to an end. Out of the material of the past, the future will be organized. Religion will be the cementing bond of union, gathering all things in heaven and earth into one. God is Male and Female, Wisdom and Love, combined. Love worketh no ill to her neighbor. Live and let live; enjoy and let others enjoy life and its blessings. Why not? Why should I seek happiness at the expense of others, who desire happiness as I desire it ? Dear Friend, I hail you as one of nature's noblemen. Heaven bless you in standing for the right. Come and visit Mt. Lebanon. Judge Edmunds and Bishop Hughes came to see us. We had good times and the sweet communion of saints. Farewell, F. W. Evans