CHRISTMAS G. B. AVERY 'What is it?' In the popular sense, a day appointed by the Civil Governments of earth. Hold! Civil? did we say? Civil? when by their laws, the poor, unable to obtain land wherefrom to extract the sustenance for life, and unable to obtain labor to win that sustenance from those who have land, and its hoarded harvests, are driven to crime and desperation! But (so called) Civil governments oppoint this day to celebrate the advent of the birth of Jesus, the poor man's Friend, by the institution of a ceremony of the Romish Church worship, nominally meaning, ' The office of prayers rendered at the Lord's Supper,'' called ' The Eucharist,' which Eomish theology teaches is consecrating the notable bread and wine, of the memorable ' last-supper' fame, so that it may become transubstantiated — changed into the real body and blood of Jesus! This is the Romish theory of ' Mass,' and the purpose of the appointed day of Christmas. But this institution is now, by nearly all sects of so-called Christians, converted into a holiday, just as the French nation has now converted the Sabbath into a gala day, substituting feasting and revelry for prayers and sacrifices, originally instituted in imitation and commemoration of Jesus' giving His life a ransom for sinners, as His death on the Jewish cross, by the hands of wicked men is interpreted to mean, by the theology of most professedly Christian sects. But, 0 ye bright angels from the heavenly spheres, tell us, while the poor by thousands are starving, does a feast of roast turkey, terrapinsoup, plum-pudding, cranberry-jelly, and visiting of wealthy friends, at whose convivial board the sparkling bowl is drained, by lips that utter not thanksgivings, and where are hearts that seldom or never bowed in gratitude, symbolically commemorate the self-sacrificing life of Jesus, which He lived in order to become the treasury of power wherewith to baptize a sinning world into repentance? Ah, who shares of the Christmas feasts ? Alas! not these unto whom Jesus said: ' Behold I come to bring unto you glad tidings.' 0, nay, not the poor, the needy, and destitute, but those unto whom Jesus said : ' Behold ye have received your consolations.' Ah, would to heaven we might have one universal Christmas, characterizing the life of Jesus, breaking bread to the hungry, and, with a life's sacrifice, pleading the cause of the poor and needy! A day in^which every heart 266 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. should be made glad and thoughtful, by being fed, warmed, clothed and comforted with the remembrance of care and human kindness; a day wherein all souls could be made to feel the hospitality of man to man, and that of brotherly and sisterly interest, love and friendship. Brother, Sister, Christian ! I know these names ; they speak to us of bliss; they ope the gates of heaven ; in their bosomed sweetness rests the ark of peace; upon their brows is poised the laurel wreath of union; charity and forgiveness reign supreme ; harmony is spoken from their eyes, and a crown of love pure as the virgin snoiv, rests upon their heads; love so tender, so deep and soul-thrilling that it will never permit hard feelings, hard words, nor unkind actions, to be thrust upon a brother, sister, nor friend, to mar the union, nor abraid the peace! Thus to live, is keeping Christmas; thus to live is celebrating the memory of the birth of Jesus into the resurrection order, the New Creation; and the self-sacrificing life of Christ, not only on the notable anniversary of Jesus' birth, one single day in three hundred and sixty-five, but three hundred and sixty-five days in every year; converting the epoch of a life-time into one vast Christmas, a feast day of rejoicing, bringing heaven to earth, and making one glorious Jubilee of the Lord! Brethren, Sisters, Christians, shall we not thus keep Christmas ; thus set out anew to make our home a Paradise; our house the Court of the Angels of the heavenly land, with ' none to hurt or destroy in all God's Holy Mountain,' the soul life-bond of union? Our meetings thus freed from the bitterness of hatred ; the wickedness of malice ; the ruthless barbs of jealousy ; the mockeries of hypocrisy; the deceitfulness of lies, and the painful bondage of the sins of private life, may then be the assemblies of blessedness, where fountains gushing full and free with soul-life and heavenly love are inviting and invigorating, and the river of eternal life rolls smoothly on, without a ripple from the discordant waves of unholy passion. This is a Christmas of the Lord ; this a monument to the blessed, consecrated life of Jesus Christ, firmer, purer than the diamond's crystal base; more trenchant than its angular point upon the institutions of a woe-stricken world! Gospel friends, be this our Christmas ; this harmonious relation our Christmas tree, bearing upon its boughs the luscious fruits of heaven, garnering 'neath its bending limbs of grace, all the gifts of a beneficent Father and a Heavenly Mother, bestowed upon the children of their consecrated Zion Home. 0, friends, grant me to be a guest at the feast of the Christian's Christmas !