Book Table Robt. Ingersoll The Ghosts, and other Lectures by Robt. Ingersoll, C. P. Farrell, Washington, D. C, Publisher. In this book we have the embodied ideas of the most prominent materialist in America—a noble man, a loving soul, nevertheless a man whom Alexander Clark loved because there was much to love there; and in this book we find no hate, no malice, much love and much good religion, Christian religion, but not such as is found in popular churches, but a better theology, ana one more reasonably accepted than can there be found. 'Bob' Ingersoll is a Shaker after a certain type, for he is shaking Babylon tremendously, and we gratefully acknowledge his tremendous work of iconoclasm, and would follow him up with a genuine Christianity, Shakerism, for which we think he leaves in The Ghosts, a fertile field. Remember November's offer of the Country Gentleman—the best farm and garden paper extant; and now read carefully our offer connected with the very valuable Scientific American. 288 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. We have received from A. M. Purdy, of Palmyra, N. Y., a very interesting 16 page pamphlet, telling how to grow small fruits successfully, describing sorts, etc., etc. He sends it free to all applicants, as also a specimen copy of his monthly paper of fruits and flowers. Those desirous of the newsiest paper at the Capital of the Empire State, and one filled with the ardent patriotism that both made and saved our beloved country, will send for The Morning Express, Albany, N. Y. To those desiring more extensive knowledge of Shaker Theology, Elder John Whiteley offers the ' Shaker Manifesto ' for 1880, and an Octavo tract of 20 or 24 pages, entitled ' Divine Afflatus ' to any and all persons who will send him 60 cents each. Address, John Whiteley, Ayer, Mass. Read on cover of The Manifesto the valuable ' Contents' of Elder H. L. Eads' new book entitled '' Shaker Theology.' Every one interested in the subject will gladly pay its cost of One Dollar to possess it, because 'it will pay' to do so.