BOGUS CHRISTIANITY [The N. Y. Graphic very pithily points to morals and religion in the two valuable chapters of ancient and modern history, and we will either be ashamed of our Christianity if it is represented truthfully in these, or we must disown such as being Christianity.—Ed.J CONDENSED HISTORY OF THE NORTH AMERICAN INDIANS White man landing on the American continent, remarks : Fine country this. B'long to anybody ? Conscientious White—Well, there's Indians on it. W. M.—Oh ! They're only on it. They can't own it. They've no possessory rights. Con. W. M.— Why? W. M,—Why? What a question. 'Cos they're not civilized. Don't know how to read or write. No school-houses nor churches. Con. W. M.—But don't you remember the admonition, ' Thou shalt not covet! Thou shalt not steal! ' W. M.—Nonsense! Doesn't apply in this case at all. The commandments only take effect on educated and Christian people who build churches. Gosh ! You'll talk next about skunks having possessory rights. However, to satisfy your scruples, we'll buy this country from the Indian. CHAPTER II. The bargain with the Indian for his lands. Time 1700. i Parties — Deuteronomy Sharp and the drunken chief. Rum-trim-to-tum. Deuteronomy Sharp reading—'And in consideration of one pint of New England rum and a jack-knife, I, Rum-tum-to-tum, Great Chief of all the Rum-tum-to-tums,do hereby convey,remise, release, sell,etc.,and cease all further claim on a certain strip of territory known as North America, extending from a certain point up the coast as far as the coast extends, to a certain point down the coast as far as the coast extends, and as far north as it extends north, and as far south as the land extends south, and ditto east and west, and as far back as the land may go.' Deut.—There, Rum-tum-to-tum, put your totem down there. Rum-tum, etc. — Gimme rum. Me lub rum. Deut.—No Rum-tum, etc. You must sign first. Business is business, you know. Rum-tum, etc., makes his mark. Deut. (fervently).---He hath delivered the land of the heathen unto us to possess with our wives and children forever. CETEWAYO'S SENTIMENTS. I like your guns, said Cetewayo. I think if we could make such good guns as yours we could also soon make as good a Bible. Missionary.—As good a Bible? Cetewayo.—Yes. You see your Bible is elastic. It stretches so as to cover almost any thing you want to do. For instance., you want my land. You look into your Bible. You find it commands you to go abroad and preach the Gospel to every creature. If the creatures won't hear you, you make them hear you with your guns. You take their lands. Then, of course, they must hear your Gospel. You have the pleasure of converting them and getting their'land besides. That is a good Bible. I wish I had such good guns. I would have such a Bible also. Missionary. — Would you like to visit England, King? Cetewayo.—Can you roast me a whole ox daily ? Missionary. — Well, King, the fact is we haven't got quite enough beef for our own people. Still— THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 277 Cetewayo. — Why do you keep so many more people than you can feed well? Why don't you kill the runts when they're first born ? Missionary.—King, that is murder. Cetewayo.—So is slow starvation. I have heard that many of your people don't get enough to eat. Missionary. — But, King, the commandment says— Cetewayo.—Yes, yes. It says, thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's ox, nor his ass, nor his lands. Thou shalt not steal. Thou art the man. Thou— Missionary.—Hold on, King. Cetewayo. — I see you don't like having your guns turned on you. Then you know how well they shoot, don't you ? Missionary.—But, King, you don't realize all the blessings of civilization. Why, it gives us— Cetewayo. — Taxes. Does your civilization give every man a house and lot ? Missionary.—Well, no. Cetewayo. — And three square meals a day ? Missionary. —Well— Cetewayo. —-And pure air like ours in your six-story tenement pigeon-holes ? Missionary.—Well— Cetewayo. — Does it teach you to stay at home, mind your business and not molest jour neighbors ? Missionary.—Well— But, King, civilization has done one thing for us. We never have but one wife. Cetewayo.—What ! Never ? Missionary.—Well, liar— But, King, we don't keep harems in— Cetewayo. —Public? Methinks it has come to my ears that the son of your queen — But he's a jolly good fellow. Were he but here I would make him a second Solomon in wives and wisdom. But I want my fourteen wives for company. Is your one wife always company for you ? Missionary.—Oh, certainly. Cetewayo.—Do you always stay at home evenings? Never go to the club, or the lodge or have sudden business just after supper, eh? Missionary.—Well— Cetewayo.—Well ? It seems to be all well with you. No, I don't like your civilization. Tt talks nicely on paper and in the pulpit. No. The only man of your blood I like is Dunn, John Dunn. You have done well in making him chief of that fine district. He has made a law that no missionaries shall go there. John has done well. Missionary. —Verily, the King's heart is hardened.