Home Topics How to kill insects How to kill Insects. — A Michigan lady writes, that to kill insects she uses one teaspoonful of kerosene to a gallon of water, and sprinkles it on the plants with a handbroom. It destroys green flies, currant worms and other pests, and was used without injury on Fuchsias, Geraniums, Callas, and other plants. But it must be used with care. Bed bugs Bed bugs.— I see frequent inquiry as to the readiest manner of getting quit of the presence of this pest. A safe, sure and proved way in our family is to get a cup full of fine table salt and fill every joint, opening, crack or crevice with the dry, fine salt, even under the extremities of the laths scattering very profusely, and keep it so, and your tormentors will very soon be finished without the use of any violent poison. — Com. To remove grease To remove Grease.— The collars of coats become soiled very quickly from contact with hair, but chloroform will clean them very well without 'any bad odor. Potato starch water, made by grating potatoes in a little water and letting it settle, then pouring it off and rubbing it with a sponge, will also take off the grease and spots. Ammonia in water rubbed on with a flannel or sponge will answer the purpose. In all cases brush thoroughly in the first place. To remove grease from carpets and restore colors, take a handful of crushed soap bark (quillaqa) to a pail of water. Scrub the spots and sponge the carpets all over. Celery for rheumatism Celery for Rheumatism. — Celery cooked is a very fine dish, both as nutriment and as a purifier of the blood. Rheumatism is impossible on such diet. Cold or damp never produces rheumatism, but simply develops it. The acid blood is the primary cause, and sustaining power of evil. While the blood is alkaline, there can be no rheumatism, and equally no gout. Cut the celery into inch dice ; boil in water until soft. No water must be poured away unless drunk by the invalid. Then take new milk, slightly thicken with flour, and flavor with nutmeg ; serve up with diamonds of toasted bread round dish, and eat with potatoes.