The Children's Grotto LEARN A LITTLE EVERY DAY Little rills make wider streamlets, Streamlets swell the river's flow ; Rivers join the ocean billows, Onward, onward as they go! Life is made of smallest fragments, Shade and sunshine, work and play, So may we, with greatest profit, Learn a little every day. Tiny seeds make boundless harvests, Drops of rain compose the showers, Seconds make the flying minutes, Minutes make the joyous hours ! Let us hasten then, and catch them, As they pass us on our way; And with honest true endeavor Learn a little every day. Let us read some striking passage, Cull a verse from every page, Here a line, and there a sentence, 'Gainst the lonely time of age ! At our work, or by the wayside, While the sun shines, making hay ; Thus we may, by help of Heaven, Learn a little every day. BE KIND TO THE SISTERS Boys, be kind to the sisters. You may live to be old, and never find such tender, loving friends as these sisters. Think how many things they do for you; how patient they are with you ; how they love you in spite of all your ill-temper or rudeness ; how thoughtful they are for your comfort, and be you thoughtful for theirs. Be ever ready to oblige them, to perform any little office for them that lies in your power Think what you can do for them, and if they express a wish, be ready to gratify it, if possible. You do not know how much happiness you will find in so doing. I never yet knew a happy and respected man who was not in youth kind to his sisters. There is a beautiful song which says : Be kind to your sister—not many may know The depth of true sisterly love ; The wealth of the ocean lies fathoms below The surface that sparkles above. Brethren's Advocate. Nobody has a right to put another under such a difficulty that... Nobody has a right to put another under such a difficulty that he must either hurt the person by telling the truth, or hurt himself by telling what is not true. YOUTHFUL SINS The late Dr. Spencer said that when he was a lad, his father gave him a little tree that had just been grafted. One day, in his father's absence, he let the colt into the garden, and the young animal broke off the graft. It was mended, however, on the following day, and continued to grow finely. Years passed, and young Spencer became a man and a minister. Some time after he became a pastor he made a visit to the old homestead, where he spent his boyhood. His little sapling had become a large tree, and was loaded with apples. During the night after his arrival at the homestead, there was a violent thunder-shower, and the wind blew fearfully. He rose early in the morning, and on going out found his tree lying prostrate upon the ground. The wind had twisted it off just where the colt broke it when it was a sapling. Probably the storm would not have broken it at all, if it had not been broken when it was small. WRITE TO US, CHILDREN We are certain that did our dear children know how much comfort we would derive from receiving some letters from them, they would want to send us a great many. In the coming new year, we hope to get many such. Even if they are short and imperfectly written, do not neglect to let us hear from you. In love from Ed. Manifesto