JEHOVAH LOUIS BASTING In a former article I advanced some arguments showing the fallacy of the claims in support of the Divine Inspiration of the Bible, spoken of as an entirety. While those arguments were based mainly upoxi such technical grounds as mistranslation and interpolation, I now propose to show from the unquestioned text itself that there exists further and still weightier reasons that should lead us to reject it as a book of THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 267 supernatural origin and authority, spoken of as a whole. There is not a more striking inconsistency exhibited in the whole system of orthodox theology than the identification of the Jehovah of the Old Testament with the God of the universe. The most enlightened men of all Christian denominations, men eminent for practical piety, and learned in all the wisdom of this world, have united in ascribing to the Supreme Being all the most exalted virtues the human mind is capable of conceiving; whose power is unlimited, in whom mercy and justice are blended in harmonious grace ; they declare his eternal selfexistence ; his omniscience ; his prescience ; his inconceivable mode of being ; his infinite wisdom that cannot err ; his infinite goodness that can do nothing but what'is eternally just and kind. Such are the attributes of the Deity, but how widely different is the character of the God of the Jews ! It is unreasonable that God should create a race of human beings, endowed with freedom of action, and, being enabled by prescience to foresee their career, that he should ' repent ' of having made them, and to destroy them almost literally. Yet such is the story of Genesis. It is absurd that a being of almighty power should not be able to overcome a small tribe of men, ' because they had chariots of iron,' as we are told in the Book of Judges. It is blasphemous to assert that the Eternal Fountain of Truth should ' put a tying spirit into the mouths of the prophets,' as is stated in Chronicles. The God of the Universe never gets angry at the children of his own creating ; he does not treat them as his enemies ; he does not thirst for revenge ; he never required ' eye for eye, tooth for tooth;' he does not delight in war and bloodshed; and he never surrounded himself with such a murderous class as Jehovah established. The conquest of Canaan, unjustifiable as it was, was accompanied by atrocities which were never excelled in barbarity by any military chief, ancient or modern ; yet they were all executed by the direct command of the Jewish war-god. The portrait of Jehovah, as presented to us in the Old Testament, would undoubtedly represent equally well the character of a sanguinary despot of Homeric times. But it has been said, apologetically for those deeds which stand condemned by the criminal as well as the moral code of our day, that they were done with a view of benefiting the Jewish people ; that, considering their barbaric condition, it was the best mode of dealing with them, then possible. Admitting that the argument appears plausible enough, it is in reality dangerous and misleading sophistry; a miserable casuistry. The horrors of the medieval inquisition were enacted with exactly the same end in view—to keep inviolate what was considered the purity of the faith, and to save the souls of the people. It was this doctrine that the means employed were justified by the end in view ; which justly or unjustly has been attributed to the ' Society of Jesus,' which has been condemned by the moral sentiment of all Christendom, and has made the name of ''Jesuit' odious throughout the world. There is but one rule of action laid down for the guidance of all men : to do right according to the light possessed ; and no possible contingency in human affairs can ever arise, which would justify a departure from that rule. How inconceivably absurd, if not wicked, does it appear then to attempt to explain away the barbarities and immoralities committed by the Jews at the command of their God, as having been countenanced by that God whom we worship as the embodiment of Truth and Love ! Murder is murder, lying is lying, sin is sin, whether committed by man, by angels, or even the hoary Jehovah. The ways of Providence may often appear mysterious and indefinable to human minds ; but we may rest assured that God accomplishes his purposes by means which harm not one of his creatures. The anthropopathic view of the Jewish Deity given in the Bible, is no doubt, in a large degree, the reflex of a savage condition of society and of brutal minds, who ascribed every emanation from the spirit world to God ; and spirituality and hope of immortality being almost unknown to them, they worshipped their ruler with fear and trem- 268 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. Wing, knowing that to provoke his wrath would be followed by punishment swift and terrible. Jehovah was to them indeed a terrible God! But are we who have learned to know God as a loving Father and Mother, of ineffable mercy and goodness, who is never vindictive; who never destroys; but who is ever ready to forgive and to bless every soul that turns Godward; are we to regard him as one with the gory divinity of Jewry ? Itather let us accept the revelation of our day and welcome the light of reason that rejects the traditions and authority of antiquity whenever they conflict, or seek to compromise with what always has been and always will be right and true Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.