TOBACCO OLIVER PRENTISS Our debut in mortal scenes is, or ought to be, in a state of innocence. That a large percentage of children come into the world laden with the iniquities of fathers, grandfathers, great-grandfathers, and great-great-grandfathers, is truly lamentable. Such unfortunates are justly entitled to much commiseration and tender sympathy. Any departure from native innocence is a Fall— requiring a corresponding Resurrection. Children and youth are more exposed to fall down hill, than up. 'Twas so with the first little Adam. When he came to that little tree, about half way down the garden— put there to be let alone — to try his integrity — when he dabbled and dandled at that tree — he fell I Too many other little Adams do so. To nominate all the falls, down and up, is not our vocation. Having passed lightly over one doion hill fall, as off-set, we modestly mention one up hill fall, to wit: Tobacco. To native innocence, tobacco is uniformly offensive. By indomitable effort, worthy of better achievements, the habit of using it is acquired. It is a crime against nature, a tremendous fall up hill. How many I have heard ejaculate thusly : ' I wish I could quit tobacco !' But stop right here. It has been said, ' There is no great loss without some small gain.' If, to be a man among men, a boy, of any age, has fallen up hill, acquired the tobacco disease, he has an opportunity now—a splendid opportunity — to give practical demonstration to himself and to others, that he has a hone in Ids back—-a forty-horse will-power— that he believes ' in the Resurrection of the body,' resurrection from all that does not accord with his divinest ideal of the true dignity of man in the likeness of God — practical demonstration that in this individual, there is a Soul, and that the Soul, not the body, rules the machine. [The writer of the above testimony has the right to speak that seventy-one (71) years' use of the vile weed can give, a right to say to the tempted : ' Don't! ' and to the poor, infatuated, enslaved human, who lias fallen into the snare of the Devil, in the shape of tobacco, ' Quit! '] F. W. Evans.