THE DYING YEAR S. A. NEALE Slowly, but surely, the passing moments are wending their way toward the grave of the dying year. Each day we are nearing the closing scene. ' Passing away' is written on Nature's already sad countenance, and the forests even now wave to a mournful requiem. It would almost seem to us that Mother Earth were mourning, so brown and sere has become her attire. The light of much variety has gone out of her life, and she appears like one asking for sympathy. Have we none to give ? Or shall we let this link in time's golden chain fall into obscurity alone, unrequited, without even a farewell tribute — this year that has been so much to us, contributing so largely to our comfort, hopes and happiness ? A year that has grown us a harvest of plenty, and showered us with blessings so bountifully? This precious year that has been all that time could be, that has given us opportunities, many and noble, for the performance of Christian virtues; shall we bury this precious season in the grave of forgetfulness ? Never ! This cannot be, for its feeble form still holds the germ of rejuvenated life which the future claims for development. So its seeming decline leadeth not unto death, but in reality unto a resurrection of life through all futurity. It ever remains the living present, over which the past and future clasp their loving hands. Ah, yea ; tender and true are the ties that hold us in the loving embrace of this season of seasons; and though we are aware time tarries not for any, we would gladly stay the flying moments for a brief period, even though we feel their progress is on to greater perfection. But such is the course of events in the great cycles of time ; and thus it will ever be that one year will follow another on through unnumbered ages in the unknown beyond. There will always be a passing away of old life and an unfolding of the new. Growth and decay are stamped upon the face of all existence. To-day we live in a material form; to-morrow our existence may be elsewhere, we know not; but we do know the present holds friendship's magnet, and we trust the future may retain the same, while the past holds the sunshine of happiness where hallowed memory still loves to linger and grow warm in the reality of its pleasantness. And if we are reminded that we have sometimes wandered where shadows have fallen and sorrows come, tis pitiful ; but these we would quietly shroud in mourning, and bury where the incoming tide of life cannot reach them. Thus we would preserve unto futurity only goodness and joys of the past. And now we return with grateful hearts to our failing friend, the dying year; or rather the old life that is passing away to make room for the new. We realize that during its short existence we have been blessed 274 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. with a rich increase; we have reaped a golden fruitage and garnered a bountiful harvest; heaven's blessings have fallen upon us in many and various ways ; and now the question arises, have these treasures invariably come to us for good? Have we so far appreciated them as to adapt them to our needs only ? If so, what have we given in return ? Is it willing hands and hearts to serve in a Christian cause? Is the world any better for our having lived during this closing precious season ? We can hope so ; and in the peace thereof will tenderly turn this golden leaf in life's historical book, and bidding it a loving adieu, look on the next page to hail with joy the face of the newborn year. Shakers, N. Y.