PETITION [The following Petition we copy from the Truth Seeker. It contains so much of the good gospel of humanity, human, kindness, and true, Godly theology, we are glad to make a copy of the same, as putting the Shakers anew in their theological teachings before the world. Ed.] A LETTER, TO THE PRESIDENT. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., Sept. 29, 1879 To the Hon. Kutherford B. Hayes, President of the United States of North America : Esteemed and Respected Friend—As the chief executive of one of the most powerful and progressive nations of the earth, we come before you in the capacity of one of the first leaders of the entire Shaker fraternity, to represent our people, as supplicants for the administration of justice to a fellow man, as a first request. Second. As a defender of the constitutional rights of the freedom of conscience. Third. The liberty of free .speech. Fourth. The protection of the freedom of the press. Fifth. The sanctity of our mails. Sixth. The honor of our nation in sustaining the rights of man, and liberty of just trial by jury, untrammeled by judicial field-fencing, as a bias, except the boundaries of law ; for all of which sig2?8 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. nal blessings our forefathers pledged and gave their lives, fortunes and sacred honor ! We submit if the judicial trial of D. M. Bennett, editor of The Truth Seeker, by which he was condemned to a felon's cell, was not one of the greatest farces, mockeries of justice, and exhibitions of spleen, personal revenge, rine: influence, judicial turpitude and cruelty that has been manifest in the Anglo-American nation during the whole history of her national jurisprudence, or on any civilized nation's record since the days of the nefarious Judge Jefferies, of the sixteenth century, under King James II, of England—not allowed the civilized privilege of the audience of the testimony of his witnesses ; not allowed the privilege of any common felon, even a murderer, when sentenced by the court—to speak for himself, as was allowed to Paul by King Agrippa, and to say why judgment should not be pronounced against him! Is not the whole transaction a miserable stain on our statute books, and on our country's escutcheon, which it becomes the imperative duty of our nation's chief executive to tender his protest to wipe out? The Shakers—a sect of virgin celibate non-resistants, and a law-abiding people, whom we now represent—desire the moral, social and physical protection of our nation by her laws, and have full fellowship with well-defined, appropriate laws, for that object. But we indignantly protest against the maladministration of law in the personal interest of individual revenge, and the resort of blackmailing, immoral and unchristian strategy, to entrap victims for legal vengeance and pecuniary gain ! We further submit if it is not too much power to put into the grasp of any one individual, in a nation whose Constitution is republican in principle, to make such individual censor of the mails, and virtual arbiter of the character of our nation's circulating literature ; aye, even more, of her conscientious rights ? If laws for the prevention of obscene literature should exist, which we approve, should not the censorship of their supposed infractions be delegated to a committee of at least five, or s6ven men, thus guarding against the unjust and unchristian exercise of power, as in the Bennett case, of personal revenge ; or, as in that of many other casesr manifest in the action of Comstock, as a means of obtaining money by rewards for prosecution ? D. M. Bennett was reared among the Shakers, was a goodly young man; left our ranks because he preferred a married life to virgin celibacy. We have kept track of him since his exit from our society, and never have learned of any wickedness or illegality in his conduct as judged by the moral law, since he quit our ranks. Some heavy charges are recently published against him, concerning which we know not the truth; but if true, they would not justly incarcerate him, unless accompanied by many thousands and hundreds of thousands of others equally guilty. He is, we believe, thoroughly infidel to the character of so-called Christianity, whose theology makes the innocent Jesus to cruelly suffer death as a ransom from suffering—the consequence of sin—for all of those who should but believe in his mission, and so are all the Shakers. If he is worthy of incarceration for this, so are all our people. We understand he is also infidel to God ! the God character represented by a large class of professed Christians who believe Jesus to be one of three Gods in one—the Father of whom, and of which trio, demanded the death of this son God, by the hands of wicked men, whom He proposes to punish for executing His will in killing Him ! If he is infidel to a belief in a Spirit Being, the Creative Power, and All-wise Planner and Director of the universe, in the attributes of male and female, as Father and Mother of heaven and earth, and all the innumerable spheres of immensity, we do not know it, and do not fellowship it. We do not approve of the spirit and sentiment of many of Dr. D. M. Bennett's writings and publications, we think him too caustic and unwise, and, in some instances, calculated to do harm by infidelity to Christ. But, that he has done great good, we also know; and to err is human ; no one is perfect. But enough ; if the judiciary of our country, through the influence of a clergy who279- 280 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. are influencing, by every plausible and secret art, our rulers, so as to obtain the authority to rule the State as well as church, are to establish the resume of the Inquisition against the exercise of the liberty of conscience, in this, our boasted land of freedom, to us, it seems the chief executive of our nation has a duty to do toward its repression. In the interests of our constitutional rights as American citizens, claiming liberty of conscience, and belief according to weight of evidence, both in religion and law, we solicit the executive to release from prison D. M. Bennett, not as a pardoned criminal, but as a subject of personal revenge, clerical chicanery and judicial ring influence! We also solicit a protest from the chief executive of the United States against the form of law, and the maladministration of legal authority by which D. M. Bennett was incarcerated ; for by similar reasons for which this act was done, infidelity to a large portion of so-called Christian theology, and the subject of personal revenge, the whole Shaker fraternity, or other theological sect differing from the popular strain, may be liable to arrest and incarceration, and the way be hedged against the manifestation of increasing light and truth, both in religion and science. And, as in duty bound, we will ever pray. Your friend for the truth, Giles B. Avery