Editorial VIRGIN CELIBACY—MARRIAGE We have often alluded to the first above subject, as the great 'rock of offense' to the vast majority who deign to give Shakerisrn a moiety of their reflections. That the Shakers are wonderfully blessed in basket and store, has drawn the envy of thousands who wished this blessing for themselves, but who were unwilling to bear the Shaker cross to possess it. To preserve for themselves the easements for the flesh which marriage induces, the vast majority leave no text of the New Testament unturned which encourages the thoughts that marriage may be classed as a Christian institution. To do this, observe how the grand array of Pauline instructions are culled from his numerous epistles to prove that marriage is Christian! AVe frankly admit, that were Paul the founder and head of Christianity and not Jesus Christ, we should sit on the fence of hesitancy, finding it difficult to decide which he approved most of—marriage or celibacy. But acknowledging Jesus as Lord and Head of Christianity, there can be no doubt about marriage being a worldly, not a Christian institution. 'I am the Resurrection and the Life,' said Jesus Christ; and so far from representing the Resurrection as being in a state of future existence, follows up the subject in that 'the children of the Resurrection'—my children, children of the Christ life—'neither marry nor are given in marriage.' To save marriage and its worldly affections to themselves, the children of the world, desirous of being called %ftitwci%X. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 281 Christians, put off the Resurrection until they drop their earthly means of fleshly qualification and unchristian indulgences. But 'Follow Me;' 'deny yourselves of what I have denied Myself !' are the ringing instructions of Jesus Christ. Of Paul, who claimed, and did in his life 'follow hard after Jesus,' we can only say that while many of his instructions were very favorable to a Christian life, still he was erratic, and often instructed in a very unchristian manner. How does Paul's assertions, ' marriage is honorable in all,' coincide with his own life, and 'I would that all men were like me ? ' And Avhat shall we do with his astounding assertions concerning those ' who marry, caring how they may please each other, and not how they may please the Lord; while a virgin life careth how it may please the Lord?' It is reasonably stated that Jesus never forbade to marry and we believe this, and any follower of Christ who forbids any who wish to marry from doing so acts differently from Christ. For the Shakers, we boldly state that they never 'forbade to marry,' to those who wished an honorable worldly life and not Christ's life. It must, however, be admitted that Jesus selected for his disciples those who would ' hate husband and wife' relations, and even their worldly 'lives' also. To hate these, did not, does not necessitate the hating of men and women as virgin brethren and sisters in Christ, as was Christ ; but to hate the husband and the wife while ive love the brother and the sister. We accept the life of Christ—the resurrected life he exhibited above the world, and wherein he was ' lifted up '—to be the life for Christians to live. We admire the success which Paul attained in so fully representing in his life the life of Jesus; and we honor him for his radical Christian testimony favoring the life resurrected above marriage to all, excepting 'foolish G-alatians' and 'carnal Corinthians,' to whom he gave instructions : ' To avoid fornication and adultery;' to prevent burning in their lusts. 'Let every such man have a wife and every such woman a husband,' for they are as yet very unready to adopt the Christ life! That earnest thinker, Henry C. Wright, said: ' I do not see how any believer in the New Testament can come to any other conclusion upon marriage than that to which the Shakers have arrived; nor do I see how any believer in the Old Testament can come to any other conclusion than that of the Mormons!' And then sums up the subject, and in which summing up he has a numerous sympathy, '' both are monstrosities to me!' We have written sufficiently to arouse renewed thought upon the subject, and will close with the valuable testimony of the Rev. Dr. Bolles, who in his book, 'Holy Matrimony, 'after extolling the beauties of marriage as few others could do or have ever done, sums up the subject thus admirably and acceptably; and in the face of all human inclinations, none would write thus were it not true: ' But is there not a higher life revealed in the Scriptures than even the holy state of matrimony—a life by which an individual may voluntarily forego all the blessings of the mystery of marriage, in order to become more and more absorbed in devotion to the duties of the Spiritual union of Christ THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. and the Church—a life in which the love of the antitype may be ever so great as to banish from the mind all thought of the type— concentrating all the affections of the soul vpon the reality of the substance—a life so entirely free from the temporal, with all its joys, cares and entanglements, as to see nothing, to think of nothing but the eternal— Christ Himself and the fruition of his glorious Godhead? How can it be denied that the scriptures do reveal to us the possibility of such a life ? and that it is the life of the celibate ' for the kingdom of heaven's sake, —not the life of the mere unmarried, which in itself considered is one of themost selfish of all lives, and which is not unfrequently chosen for the sake of selfish and criminal indulgence, but the. life of the celibate ' for the kingdom of heaven's sake.' Our blessed Lord said, indeed, ' all men cannot receive this saying, save they to whom it is given ; but he that is able to receive it, let him receive it.' ' OUR PECULIARITY That the Shakers started in the Avorld with any ambition to appear eccentric, we do not believe. That the converts imbibed principles that caused ' a change of heart.' to live differently, apart from worldly fashion, fleshly lusts, and away, even from the gratifications of much worldly good, we believe and know. At the beginning they dressed as was the custom, and declined from principle to engage in the changing fashions of following time. In this they were wise and truly religions. At several periods of fashion's market, the dress of the world has very closely returned to ' Shaker Styles.' We honor our forefathers and foremothers, not for any especially grotesque eccentricity nor purposed oddity of dress, but for their inclination and persistence, even to pertinacity to wear a, plain, comfortable, economical and comely divss. We hope all of these points will be held closely to in the future, and we believe they will be fully as operative in the years to come as in the past, even amid the many innovations now being introduced in the way of dress. Oddity and eccentricity may be and will be cast out; but the essentials, plainness and comeliness will be adhered to. But it must be seen that on mere matters of dress, we are dealing with the comparatively non-essential features of a peculiarly Christian life. Purity, extreme purity of life, with honesty of word and manufactures must claim precedence always, and these must exceed the righteousness of Methodist and Roman Catholics, or what, or wherein can there be a desired peculiarity ? Among our most valuable exchanges, Ave prize very highly The Primitive Christian, one of the advocates of the Tunker Church, and it has the following upon this 'peculiar ' subject. While you read, brethren, think whether we, as a peculiar people, cannot be reminded of a dutiful lesson : WE OUGHT TO BE A PECULIAR PEOPLE. It is said that the Brethren are losing many of the peculiarities that formerly distinguished them from other people, especially that of dress. Now while we believe that we should be distinguished in this respect from the vain fashion worshiper, we also believe that we should be a peculiar people in other things as well. We fear that we are losing our peculiarities in some other things as much as that of apparel. How is it about our honesty ? The time was when a brother's word was as goo4 as his note, but is not our reputation wanting ? Are we as peculiar in this respect as we were years ago ? We believe this matter is too much overlooked and that we have much cause to fear that we are losing the distinguishing characteristic of honesty. Our ministers preach 282 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 283 a great deal against pride and display in dress, indeed some hardly ever preach but what this subject comes in, and would it not be well to show up the evils of carelessness and recklessness in business a little more. Brethren, in their aspirations to become rich, rush headlong into debt and as a result, they have not, in some instances, been able to meet their Christian influence which they are exerting'.