Home Topics Stair carpets should always have a slip of paper... Stair carpets should always have a slip of paper put under them, at and over the edge of every stair, which is the part which they wear first in order to lessen the friction of the carpet, against the boards beneath. The strips should be within an inch or two as long as the carpet is wide, and about four or five inches in breadth. A piece of old carpet answers better than paper if you have it. Red flannel underwear Red Flannel Underwear.—Winter or summer, nothing better can be worn next the skin than a loose, red woolen, flannel shirt ; red, for white flannel fulls up, mats together,, and becomes tight, heavy, and impervious ; woolen, not cotton, because that merely absorbs the moisture from the surface, while (woolen) flannel conveys it from the skin, and deposits it in drops on the outside of the shirt, where it is soon dried without injury to the body. Dr. J. H. Hanaford says, in the Golden Rule... Dr. J. H. Hanaford says, in the Golden Rule, that in order to make the most of the little nutriment contained in potatoes they ought to be steamed or baked. The latter is best, and soaking in cold water for half an hour before putting in the oven is an advantage. In neither case should the skin be removed before cooking, or eating afterward. Bed-bugs Bed-bugs. —A sufferer from bed-bugs writes as follows : ' After fighting them eight years I learned, from a girl that had served as a chambermaid in a large boarding house, that bugs can be exterminated for all time. I immediately followed her direction, which was to take grease that had cooked out of salt pork, melt it and keep it melted (the vessel can be kept on a pan of coals), and put it with the feather end of a quill into every place where I could find a bug. It is necessary to see that the bedcords or slate are entirely free from the pests. It is more than thirty years since a bug has been seen in my house.' Modern imitations Modern Imitations.—Russia leather is made in Connecticut; Bordeaux wine is manufactured in California ; Italian marble is dug in Kentucky ; French lace is woven in New^York ; Marseilles linen is produced in Massachusetts ; English cassimere is made in New Hampshire ; Parian art-work comes from a shop in Boston; Spanish mackerel are caught on the New Jerse-v coast; and Havana cigars are rolled by the million in Chicago. Indian doughnuts Indian Doughnuts. — A correspondent says : I send you a recipe for making Indian meal doughnuts, which are much nicer than those not initiated are aware of. A teacupful and a half of boiling milk poured over two teacupsf ill Indian meal; when it cools add two cupsful wheat flour, one of butter, one and a half of sugar, three eggs, and a tablespoonf ul of nutmeg or cinnamon ; if not stiff enough, add equal portions of wheat and meal; let it rise till very light; roll it about half an inch thick ; cut it into diamond-shaped cakes, and boil them in hot suet. Home hints Home Hints.— That boiling water will remove tea-stains and many fruit-stains; pour the water through the stain and thus prevent it from spreading over the fabric. That ripe tomatoes will remove ink and other stains, from white cloth ; also from the hands. That a teaspoonful of turpentine boiled with white clothes will aid the whitening process. That boiled starch ismuch improved by the addition of a little spermacetti or a little salt, or both, or a little gum arabic dissolved. That beeswax and salt will make flat-irons as clean and smooth as glass ; tie a lump of wax in a rag and keep it for that purpose ; when irons are hot, rub them with the wax rag, then scour with a paper or rag sprinkled with salt. That kerosene will' soften boots or shoes which have been hardened by water, and render them as pliable as when new. That kerosene will make tin tea-kettles as bright as new; saturate a woolen rag and rub with it; it will also remove stains from clean varnished furniture.— [Montreal Star.