SELFISHNESS ON TRIAL If there is one thing more repulsive than another, to a mind purified by the love of God, it is the spirit of selfishness—the spirit which seeks its own private ends regai'dless of the rights and feelings of others. Nothing too bad can be said of it, for when entirely stripped of all disguises there is nothing left of it but ' pure cussedness,' as one might say. Not a redeeming quality can be found in it. In a word, selfishness is the spirit of the devil, whose greediness acknowledges no right but the right to devour. Although there are all shades of selfishness found in unregenerate man, from the subtle and refined to the gross and brutal, yet the root is identical wherever discovered. The pirit of selfishness is so entirely incompatible with God's generous purposes concerning humanity, that it is constantly seeking, by all manner of plausible subterfuges, to hide its hideous deformity from the light of advancing civilization. Yet no reflective mind can fail to see that this venomous foe to human redemption is coming to judgment as never before. It-would almost seem that the invisible powers of good are combining for its overthrow, by exposing it to the light of day in high places. Men are quite too apt to justify a little selfishness in themselves, on the ground that everybody else is selfish. But that won't do. Selfishness is a sin, and no amount of philosophy can change it into a virtue. When selfish deeds are seen in others they invariably look hateful and mean, so that no man vyith a grain of gene- rosity in his heart can approve of them, whether committed on a petty or on a gigantic scale. Selfishness may be tolerated, but it cannot be justified. Mean, selfish deeds are often pardoned on the ground of ignorance, moral weakness, or cowardice ; but the light of civilization is dispelling ignorance, just as the light of the gospel of Christ is dispelling all excuse for sin. We repeat, that selfishness is on trial; and for what ? For all the crimes and vices of which man has been guilty since his seduction by the old serpent whom God pronounced ' more subtle than any beast of the field.' The result of this trial, however, is not doubtful. Selfishness has the unanimous, unqualified condemnation of heaven and earth, and can have no defender excep^ in Satan and his angels. There is every indication that the principality of selfishness is fleeing before the evangels of Faith and Science, whose discoveries are revealing the fact that God has ' made of one blood all nations of men to dwell on all the face of the earth ; ' and equally certain is it, that these twin forces, which are doing the will of heaven, will yet prove that all men have a common interest in hating iniquity and in loving righteousness ; a common interest in supporting Christ as the rightful owner of all men, and as the sovereign of this world ; a common interest in helping each his neighbor to know God and to do His will on earth 14 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. as it is done in heaven ; a common interest in regarding selfishness as the bane of all true happiness and a barbarism not to be tolerated among civilized beings. Geo. Cragin, in Am. Socialist