SPREAD THE LIGHT CECELIA DEVYR Zion's watchmen are not sleeping, Eead the record that they write ; Of the vigils they are keeping As they watch the coming light. They are blessed with revelation, Standing in their robes of white ; God reveals to them salvation, As He gives the day its light. And He calls the high and lowly To come forward in their might ; Not with weapons, all unholy, But with banners of the light. In the anguish-freighted ages — When the race was wrapped in night— Prophets, Seers, Martyrs, Sages, Saw afar the dawning light. For its coming are you ready ? Can we all in strength unite ? And with purpose brave and steady, Hail the day and spread the light ? You, whose heart can feel an error, Or a wrong however slight, Let your brother be a sharer, Show it up, and spread the light. O, the wars, the desolations,— Famines, ignorance and blight, That have cursed and crushed the nations, Just because they lacked the light. You, whose soul hath comprehension, Of the wrongs of giant might, Let your knowledge have extension — Agitate — and spread the light. You, whose place is at the altar, God will keep you in His sight; Do your duty, do not falter, Draw from Heaven, and spread the light. Have the few benumbed the masses, With the fumes that blind and blight ? Let the sunlight on the gases, They will vanish in the light. Though the nightmare dream that bound them, Still may press the victim's sight, And the dawning light confound them, They will weaken, spread the light. Who hath hands so rough, so hardened, Or so tender, soft and white, That they think they will be pardoned, If they fail to spread the light ? Are there hidden in the mountain, Sparkling waters pure and bright ? Scoop a channel from the fountain, And the stream will carry light. Gleaming word, or publication, That will clear the mental sight, Push it into circulation — Send it forth to spread the light— And if strangers, friends, or neighbors, Toil in earnest for the right, Speak their names, proclaim their labors, Aid their efforts — spread the light. Let a cry against oppression, Rise from valley, plain, and hight ; Let the vanguard of progression Break the clouds, and spread the light. As a watchword of a nation — Struggling for the cause of Right, As the first hope of salvation, God commands it: Spread the Light. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y..