Friend G. A. Lomas: I have received... That it is agreeable to be the editor of The Shaker Manifesto, read the following from an appreciative, but not familiarly known friend :Oyster Creek, Brazonia Co., Texas, November 13, 1879 Friend G. A. Lomas : I have received ' Types of Christ,' 'Plain Talksy and sample Manifesto, and have just finished reading them. I find much good. You Shakers seem to understand pretty well what Jesus meant, when He said, ' Ye cannot serve God and Mammon.' How much sweeter to live the higher life ! Self abnegation is the price of spiritual joys. Swedenborg was very clear on spiritual truth, he had developed to a high plane. You argue for abstinence from the lower pleasures. I query whether abstinence is more self-denying, or better, than temperance, while in this state of existence, the soul is dependent on the body, and is not the temperate enjoyment of its pleasures conducive to our highest development ? If not, is it not better to afflict our bodily life, in all ways, that we may reap the spiritual compensation, as do the Gymnosophists and Brahminical devotees ? It seems to me that you are extremely zealous to follow the particular ways of Jesus. Of course, the heart life, the motives of Jesus, we cannot be too punctilious about, but the outward life seems of small importance. Again, if you would exactly follow His example, ought you not to be poor, homeless, wanderers as was He 1 The liberal views you take of all religions in ' Plain Talks,' strikes a kindred chord in my heart. Oh, that people would learn that all religions have a common ori THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 13 gin and spirit. I believe the sacred books of the East are of high merit. Let us learn to appreciate the value of such lives as Laotse, Confucius, Mencius, Zoroaster, SakyaMonni, as well as those of the Hebrew and Christian fathers. Yours in the sincere desire for truth, F. C. Patten Our friend Patten feels the burden... Our friend Patten feels the burden which the full cross of self-denial would impose. It is while seeking and finding ' the heart life of Jesus Christ,' that we are led by His example, and by the same of those who 'followed hard after Christ,' to total abstinence from sexual indulgences in the reproductive sphere; being resurrected above it, how can we afford to stoop and dabble in it f As literal followers of Jesus, we should do just as suggested by friend Patten ; but being believers in and enjoyers of the second appearing and dispensation of Christ, we are gathered into a Mother's Home—organized Christian societies, composed of virginal brethren and sisters, who have left the flesh and its relations to those who as yet are unable to become as was Christ—a eunuch for the Kingdom's sake. We believe in the whole sacrifice. ' The power of the devil ought to be curtailed ! ' cried an earnest ex- horter. '' Yes. yes, blessed Lord,' cried a woman who felt the power of the Spirit, ¦' cut it smack smooth off// '