AMONG THE SHAKERS i. Long before I had any idea of visiting or living in the same country with the Shakers I read of them, as most others do, as curious specimens of human fanaticism ; but Communism was with me a far-off subject with which I had no connection. My first acquaintance witli it was made at the house of a gentleman in England, who prided himself upon his progressive ideas, and who held meetings every week to consider the subject, which meetings I was induced, though against my wishes, to attend. The gentleman of whom I have spoken is a shorthand reporter, familiar with the newspapers, and a great reader, but it always seemed to me of very weak character. He was a believer in anti-vaccination, a vegetarian, and applied the most rigid rules to his diet, though his tastes and appetite were evidently in a contrary direction. But in spite of all his precautions, or perhaps on account of them, it would be hard to imagine a more dyspeptic looking man. Perhaps in this country he would have been a strong G-rahamite, for he had a mill to grind his own flour so as to get it of the desired quality ; the product of which was some of the hardest, stoniest, most indigestible looking biscuits that could be seen. He was, no doubt, a well-meaning man, but I can scarcely ever hear or think of Communism without thinking of him, and of all the stiffness, oddity, and ' unsociability' which he seemed to represent. He in no ways advanced my views upon that subject, and I was glad to get away from it. But though I would gladly have had this subject buried it seems to have thrust itself upon my notice strangely in after years. We had not been in America long before we got accidentally into a Shaker settlement, and had reason for hiring a house of them. We became well acquainted with them, and they seemed well pleased to have us visit them. But I soon found, to my surprise, that they looked upon us as possible converts. I tried to undeceive them, so far at least as I was concerned, by explaining my 5 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. own belief, and finding portions of Scripture contradictory to those which they brought forward. They evidently liked to talk with us, however, and would often send down their carriage for us to spend an evening with them in discussing the various points of their belief. These evening meetings were times of intense enjoyment, for the Elder of the Family which we visited was a man of rare social qualities, a man of good speaking ability, a fine story-teller, fond of argument, and well posted in all the grounds of his belief, and of such a hospitable, gen- ial nature as to make every one at home with him at once. These meetings imposed upon us the obligations of studying the subject of Shakerism, so that we might have some reasonable objections. It is easy to feel as if one knew better than to believe the principles of the Shakers to be true ; but it is not so easy as one thinks to find arguments to successfully oppose them, if we wish to do them jus. tice ; and so I found, when I began to consider their arguments, that they had far more truth upon their side than I had thought was possible, however some of these truths may have been perverted by ignorance and superstition. Although the Shakers may be looked upon as one of the best examples of successful Communism, it always seemed to me that Communism was with them an incidental rather than a fundamental doctrine. They did not begin by teaching Communism. There seems to be no evidence of any Communistic theories in the days of Ann Lee, their founder. They had a new religion, and Communism was found to be the best means of presenting it. Their religion struck at the roots of family life, and left them dependent upon one another. They acknowledged no husband or wife, no father or mother but God ; consequently, they were all brothers and sisters to one another—united, as the followers of a persecuted religion always are, with their union made still stronger by the dissolution of family ties. People, who had houses and lands gave them up for the good of the whole, and they all looked forward to the speedy coming of the Kingdom of Heaven on earth. The establishment of Communism amongst them seems to have been only the following out of the acts and wishes of the members themselves, rather than any doctrine which was forced upon them ; and although they advocate Communism now, and speak of it as a better way of living, they do not appear to insist upon that feature so much as they do upon certain others ; and it is a fact that will be noticed by all readers on this subject, that those communities never have succeeded which have started with Communistic theories for their basis. The successful Communities have always had something more potent than this to keep them together. It has been a bond of common faith and feeling, rather than the distribution of material benefits; and this speaks well for human nature, showing that people are not really so much actuated by a love of common property as by a love of common sympathies. {To be Continued.)