LET JESUS' RELIGION COME TO THE FRONT We have often presented the thought, that were the religion of Jesus Christ presented in our popular, professionally Christian churches to-day, as taught and lived by Jesus and the early primitive Christiana, people would stare at it as something new; and after their curiosity was satisfied, they would stone or crucify in some manner, those who should insist authoritatively upon their living like Jesus and His disciples. So long as nearly all denominations permit worldly practices and fleshly indulgences and relationships, there can be but little difference between them ; but no sooner are these dispensed with, as Jesus and His disciples did with them ; and souls asked, urged, demanded to observe the self-denial of Jesus, and to copy his exceedingly moral and spiritual life—to be 'lifted up' above the life of the world as He was—not till then do we observe ' a coming out from among them, to touch not, taste not, handle not, but to be separate from the world.' We copy some of the thoughtful remarks of our co-worker and admirer—The Harbinger of Light, Melbourne, Australia — and ask reflection upon that portion of the theme that demands a superior life—a life like unto Christ's—from those who profess that their peculiar denomination teaches a superior Christianity : * * * There is a widespread opinion among the Free-thinking community, that the divergence between the teachings of Paul and Jesus is due to the diversity of doctrine and consequent disunion and discord among the so-called Christian churches of the day. In this we join issue. Doctrine, dogma and forms of religion, have been the greatest impediments to true religious progress in times past, and it is only of late the religion of Jesus has had an opportunity to come to the fronfand be considered on its merits unobscured by the creedal curtains hung about it by those whose true office is to make it manifest to the world. One of the leading Presbyterian ministers in this city has set a noble example by his advocacy of the spirit of Christ's teachings, irrespective of the form, and in his recent lecture, ' Present Troubles in the Church,' indicates practical Christianity as the solution of them. It is still the ambition of not only the churches, but of individuals tobring others to the same form of belief as theirs and to congratulate themselves at any instance of success; but what ground have they for jubilation? Is there any thing gained to the individual or to humanity, by the transition from Episcopalianism to Wesleyanism, from Baptist to Independent, or from any of the orthodox churches to Spiritualism ? The simple alteration of belief is without virtue unless it brings with it an elevation of the moral or spiritual character of the individual, and this brings to us the thought that by the sensational and 'phenomenal, numbers are being urged into the ranks of Spiritualism who are unprepared to appreciate and act upon its principles. There is no gain to the cause, quality is of more importance than quantity. Better that our numbers should be few, and those few showing by their lives the influence of their faith, than many whose social, moral and religious natures exhibit no advancement from their change of faith. The mission of Spiritualism is to the ' Gentiles,' so to speak, that is to the world without its ranks, it works from within outwards, both in the individual and the body, and by presenting ethics analogous to those of Christ, it does more for real Christianity than its professed teachers. The diffusion of ' Spiritual Truths ' is not comprehended in the demonstration of phenomena, and the evidences of spirit intercourse with mortals, but in the dissemination of the broad gospel of Spiritualism, which comprehends all that tends to harmony and progress in the individnal or the mass. Its greatest work is the emancipation of men's minds from binding creeds and dogmas. Toleration and freedom of thought are two of its prominent standards, and although some of its workers are Iconoclastic in their work, the majority are builders, who erect their altars besides those now ex THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 15 isting and invite comparison. They do not fear the light of reason shining too brightly on their system, and will give space in their journals and place on their platforms for all honest opponents ; will the churches do this ? Had they the confidence in their tenets that Spiritualists have, they need not fear the combat. Truth cannot be destroyed, and if they have it the attrition with error will make it shine out all the brighter.