Who was the Bad Boy —Little Annie was prettily dressed, and standing in front of the house, waiting for her mother to go to ride. A tidy boy, dressed in coarse clothes, was passing, when the little girl said : ' Come here, boy, and shake hands with me. I dot a boy dus like you, named Bobby.' The boy laughed, shook hands with her, and said : ' I've got a little girl just like you, only she hasn't got any little cloak with. pussy fur on it.' 18 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. Here a lady came out of the door, and said : ' Annie you must not talk with bad boys on the street. I hope you haven't taken any thing from her ? Go away, and never stop here again, boy ! ' That evening the lady was called down to speak to a boy in the hall. He was very neatly dressed, and stood with his cap in his hand. It was the enemy of the morning. ' I came to tell you that I was not a bad boy,' he said: 'I go to Sunday-school, and help my mother all I can. I never tell lies, nor quarrel, nor say bad words, and I don't like a lady to call me names, and ask me if I've stolen her little girl's clothes from her.' ' I'm very glad you are so good,' said the lady, laughing at the boy's earnestness. ' Here is a quarter of a dollar for you.' ' I don't want that,' said the boy, holding his hand very high. ' My father works in a foundry, and has lots of money. You've got a bigger boy than me, haven't you ? ' ' Yes, why ? ' ' Does he know the Commandments ? ' ' I'm afraid not very well.' ' Can he say the Sermon on the Mount, and the twenty-third psalm, and the Golden Rule? ' ' I am very much afraid he cannot,' said the lady, laughing at-the boy's bravery. ' Does he not ride his pony on Sunday, instead of going to church ? ' ' I am afraid he does : but he ought not,' said the lady, blushing a little. ' Mother don't know I came here,' said the bright little rogue; 'but I thought I would just come around and see what kind of folks you were ; aud I guess mother would rather your boy would not come around our doors, because she don't want little Mamie to talk to bad boys in the street. Good evening !' and the boy was gone.