The Children's Grotto Couldn'n Stop —This is the way a great many get into difficulty—' they get a-going and they can't stop.' The boy who tells lies began at first to stretch the truth a little—to tell a large story—till he came out a full grown liar. Two boys began by battering each other, till they got a-going and couldn't stop. They separated with black eyes and bloody noses ! Did you hear about the young man stealing from his master's drawer ? He came from the country a promising boy. But the rest of the clerks went to the theater and smoked, and he thought he must do so too. He began thinking be would try it once or twice. He got a-going and could not resist the temptation when he knew there was money in the drawer. He got a-going—he will stop in prison. Some young men were, some years ago, in the habit of meeting together in a room at the public house, to ' enjoy themselves '— to drink and smoke. One of them, as he was going there one evening, began to think there might be danger in the way. He stopped and considered a moment, and then said to himself, ' Right about face !' He dropped his cigar, went back to his room and was never seen at the public house again. Six of the young men followed his example. The rest got a-going, and could not stop till they landed most of them in drunkard's graves. Beware, boys, of the first cigar or chew of tobacco. Be sure, before you start, that you are in the right way, for when you are going down hill it is hard to stop! A Lie Sticks —A little newsboy, to sell his paper, told a lie. The matter came up in Sabbath-school. ' Would you tell a lie for a penny ? ' asked a teacher of one of her boys. ' No, ma'am,' answered Dick, very decidedly. ' For sixpence ? ' ' No, ma'am.' ' For a shilling 1' ' No, ma'am.' ' For a thousand ? ' Dick was staggered. A thousand shillings looked big ! Oh, would it not buy lots of things ! While he was thinking, another boy called out, 'No, ma'am,' behind him. ' Why not? ' asked the teacher. ' Because, when the thousand shillings are all gone, and all the things they've got with them are gone, too, the lie is there all the same,' answered the boy. It is so. A lie sticks. Every thing else may be gone, but that is left; and you will have to carry it with you, whether you will or not. A hard, heavy load it is ! Selected. Who was the Bad Boy —Little Annie was prettily dressed, and standing in front of the house, waiting for her mother to go to ride. A tidy boy, dressed in coarse clothes, was passing, when the little girl said : ' Come here, boy, and shake hands with me. I dot a boy dus like you, named Bobby.' The boy laughed, shook hands with her, and said : ' I've got a little girl just like you, only she hasn't got any little cloak with. pussy fur on it.' 18 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. Here a lady came out of the door, and said : ' Annie you must not talk with bad boys on the street. I hope you haven't taken any thing from her ? Go away, and never stop here again, boy ! ' That evening the lady was called down to speak to a boy in the hall. He was very neatly dressed, and stood with his cap in his hand. It was the enemy of the morning. ' I came to tell you that I was not a bad boy,' he said: 'I go to Sunday-school, and help my mother all I can. I never tell lies, nor quarrel, nor say bad words, and I don't like a lady to call me names, and ask me if I've stolen her little girl's clothes from her.' ' I'm very glad you are so good,' said the lady, laughing at the boy's earnestness. ' Here is a quarter of a dollar for you.' ' I don't want that,' said the boy, holding his hand very high. ' My father works in a foundry, and has lots of money. You've got a bigger boy than me, haven't you ? ' ' Yes, why ? ' ' Does he know the Commandments ? ' ' I'm afraid not very well.' ' Can he say the Sermon on the Mount, and the twenty-third psalm, and the Golden Rule? ' ' I am very much afraid he cannot,' said the lady, laughing at-the boy's bravery. ' Does he not ride his pony on Sunday, instead of going to church ? ' ' I am afraid he does : but he ought not,' said the lady, blushing a little. ' Mother don't know I came here,' said the bright little rogue; 'but I thought I would just come around and see what kind of folks you were ; aud I guess mother would rather your boy would not come around our doors, because she don't want little Mamie to talk to bad boys in the street. Good evening !' and the boy was gone. The Early Start —A person converted in youth is like the sun rising on a summer's morning, to shine through the long bright day. But one converted late in life is but as the evening star, not appearing till the day is closing, and then but a little while. The most matured, and useful and happj* Christians are, for the most part, those who early come to the Saviour.—James. To-day To-day.—What is the happiest period of human life ? I am sure there is only one answer. It is now. If I am doing my duty, to-day is the best day I ever had. Yesterday had a happiness of its own, and up to this morning it was the best day of all. I would not, however, live it over again. I string it, as a new bead, on the chaplet of praise, and turn to the better work and the higher thoughts of the present time. Of all the many daysof life, give me to-day. This should be our feeling always, from the cra- dle to the hour when we are called to come up higher. Childhood is best for children, manhood is best for man, and old age for the silver-haired. We will all join in a chorus of commmon thanksgiving to God, and when asked ' Which is the happiest period ? ' will say , childhood, manhood, and old age alike, ' Oh, Father, it is now ! '—Brethren's A dvoeate. Don't Dawdle —The word ' dawdle ' means to ' waste time,' to ' trifle.' When a boy does a thing in a ' poky,' lazy way, he 'dawdles' over it. It is a bad thing to fall in a dawdling habit. It helps to make a boy unmanly and a girl unwomanly. The dawdler's life is apt to be a failure. He does little for himself or for others. ' In books, or work, or healthful play ' he doesn't amount to much. Don't dawdle. Do things with a will and do them well. You must not splutter or be ' fussy ' over your work. The fussy fellow can waste time in liis haste as well as' the dawdler in his slow trifling. Have a quick eye and a ready hand and patient heart, always. If you have an hour in which to do a half hour's task, do it in that half hour. Get through on time ; then play with briskness and sparkling enjoyment. Do your errands promptly. Brush your hair with a lively hand. Sweep your room with decision in every motion of the broom. Take one ' degree ' in a useful line of ' D. D.'s'—Don't Dawdle.—8. S. Advocate.