A HAPPY NEW YEAE ! Now, and all through the year, does this department wish and urge upon all A Happy New Year ! to the old and young, readers of The Manifesto and the many millions who do not read it, but may hear that it urges a happy, Happiest Year during 1880, by the endeavors of each and all to live better than ever before; do more good than heretofore ; take upon self more cross to the denial of the wrong, and for the encouragement of virtue and exceeding righteousness. We ask your company in walking the narrow, Christ path — the path of present justification and happiness, and the fruition of all future happiness, enduring without end. 'AMONG THE SHAKERS.' We begin in this number, the first of three papers, which originally appeared in the Am. Socialist — a paper for which we have had good reasons to have great respect —and which, with what minor faults or mistakes which may occur in statements, are written with the best, most friendly intentions. ' Among the Shakers ' will prove interesting within and without the pale of the societies; and there is contained, along the smooth running sentences, certain expressions which carry great force of truth with them. There are some who will need just this kind of narrative to attract them to a fuller investigation of the subjects which these papers are intended to embrace. Perhaps we Shakers can learn some news therein, or something by which we can profit— who knows ? APOLOGETIC Some of the 'Correspondence' of Elder Evans was crowded out of Dec. No. — correspondence to which we made reference. We have inserted in this number some more of the valuable information ever coming from his pen to honest inquirers. We also promised the ' Contents ' of Elder H. L. Eads' book — ' Shaker Theology ' — but which was carelessly omitted. We hope all interested in the book will give the subjects treated a careful perusal — then send for the great book — ' Shaker Theology.' 1880 Now, let us jnake the prophecies come true if we can — prophecies that culminate in this year to the unfoldment of all the people; that is in the THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 11 engagement of the most gigantic display of spiritual truth. Very many prophecies of the olden days, among us, culminate during this year. Exceeding spiritual influences were predicted before the year's close, either among the Shakers as a people; outside of our order, or both inside and outside. May the predictions prove true, even to the arousal of a universal revival of the most effective, religious fervor. We do not want the bubbling, trivial excitements of the churches, which only quicken the heart for the time to things above earthly vanities, and finally end by stirring the baser elements of humanity — the animal, reproductive, etc.— end in courtships, marriages or something worse. But we want something that will change the whole heart, so that ' a new creature ' will be the regeneration ; a soul convicted and converted from ' old ¦ heavens and earth' to new life, wherein old things will be done away and all life will be new, and all of God ; a new life that not only bears no resemblance to the old life, but that the latter is made by comparison, to appear beneath the exalted dignity of the converted soul. We have seen the power of God manifested in Methodist revivals, to the discarding then and there of artificial adornments and worldly paraphernalia ; and had there been a continuance of such revival, with an increase, the worldly, fleshly lives would have been cast out with the gew-gaws. But will the predictions be consummated? Are we ready ? Do we want the overturning of our little, vain worlds, upside down ? And yet if we pray : ' Thy kingdom come on earth,' we know that there must occur the most radical conversions, the most diametrically oppositeness of our inclinations if we do God's will — do, act, live as we think they do in heaven. Let the religious wave come; let us welcome it; lave in it, live in it, die in it unto all that is not of Christ, and that will be losing our carnal, selfish lives to find Christ life. ' Come Lord, come quickly.' BROTHER OPENHEART Thank God for Brother Openheart—we would not be personal—but The Shaker Manifesto would express, if possible, for such a brother, its inexpressible gratitude. Some of our religious exchanges are severely criticising the conduct of one, Brother Close- fist — he who loves the Church and the Church paper, only to the extent that he can make more money out of them than they cost him. Oh, how glad The Manifesto is that it has no Brother Closefist. We feel sorry for other papers. We would present to them the opinions and conduct of our Brother Openheart. Once he was a man of the world ; ambitious for wealth and worldly enjoyments. Once he loved what are too commonly considered the ' respectable vices ' of human life. Once upon a time of life he was first cousin, at least, to Brother Closefist. But he experienced a genuine conviction and conversion. He forsook the world, he changed the current of his ambitions ; lie discarded the vices — the nasty, unspiritual habits of the world's man He became a new creature—a Shaker—was intrusted, is intrusted with funds consecrated ' to charitable and religious purposes,' and is just as ambitious to help The Manifesto as Brother Closefist is to help himself. We rejoice in our relations to Brother Openheart, and hold him up as a model brother, for all who would love the Lord better than they do themselves. We have no closefist brethren—if any incline that way, they are just so far ' out of union ; ' ' off from gospel ground ;' worldlings, unworthy of trusts, and shames to their Christian, Shaker calling. May the good Lord 12 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. prevent such inclinations, and bless all Brothers Closefist with a gospel conversion to consecration — Brothers Openheart are sufficiently blest already. We are ready, now, Brothers Openheart for your subscriptions.