FARMING AND STOCK Care of farm wagons The Cake of Farm Wagons.— In the aggregate what an immense amount of money is annually lost by carelessness and inattention in regard to the ' rolling stock ' of the farm. There are the farm wagons and the cart, for instance, which look shabby enough, while the felloes on both are commencing to rot badly. They must go to the shop to be repaired, and then there is a bill of several dollars to be paid for out of the earnings on the farm ; perhaps j list at a time when cash is sorely needed to pay current expenses, when crops have not yet been harvested; while a couple of days lost with the wagon at the shop undergoing repairs may cause you to have a damaged hay or grain crop. By making it a regular duty to paint all your wagons, carts and implements, each fall, or every two years, according to the service they are required to perform, you will increase the years of their usefulness, besides always having nice looking 'rolling stock ' and implements. One of the most fruitful causes of decayed wagon felloes or rims, is keeping the wagons in a damp place, with the wheels on the damp ground, for two or three months during winter. If you cannot have a board or plank floor for them, let the wheels stand on short boards, which will answer the same purpose. To drive away hen lice To drive away Hen Lice.— A correspondent of a foreign exchange says that the only reliable means of ridding the hen-roost and pigeon-lofts of vermin is a preparation of sulphur and carbon, technically known as sulphuret of carbon. In France it has been thoroughly tested, and we are assured that it works like a charm. It kills the insects which prey upon pigeons and fowls without injuring the birds. A bottle containing the solution will last several days, and the cost of it is small. Put two ounces of the sulphuret of carbon in a bottle open at the mouth and hang it by a string in a henhouse. At the end of eight days the bottle should be refilled. The remedy is said to be infallible. If as good as claimed to be, it should be known to every farmer and poultry raiser in the land.— Poultry Yard. To tell a horse's age To Tell a Horse's Age.— After a horse is nine years old, a wrinkle comes in the eyelid, at the upper corner of the lower lid, and every year thereafter he has one well-defined wrinkle for each year of his age over nine. If, for instance, a horse has three wrinkles, he is twelve; if four, thirteen. Add the number of wrinkles to nine, and you will always get at it. Gardener's lesson The Gardener's Lesson.— Two gardeners had their early crops of peas killed by the frost. One of them was very impatient under the loss, and fretted about, it very much. The other went patiently to work at once to plant a new crop. After awhile the impatient, fretting man went to his neighbor. • To his surprise he found another crop of peas growing finely. He wondered how this could be. ' These are what I sowed while you were fretting,' said his neighbor. ' But don't you ever fret ? ' he asked. ' Yes, I do ; but I put it off till I have repaired the mischief that has been done.' ' Why then you have no need to fret at all.' ' True,' said his friend,' ' and that's the reason I put it off.'—Presbyterian. Valuable manifesto hints Valuable Manifesto Hints.— Shelter the stock from storms. Keep all in a growing condition ; not necessarily fat, but give sufficiently of fodder and grain to keep off the ' stunt.' It is easier and cheaper to keep stock thriving, than to start growth and good conditions after a decline. Feed regularly. Remember we keep cows mainly to give us milk. Let their feed and warmth all tend to this end — best for the cows — best for us. Early lambs must have the shepherd's extra care; and this ' extra' may be better spent in taking unusual care of the lamb's mothers than of the lambs. Let all the stock get to the sun's rays. Let fowls have dry dirt to wallow in; and dust horn cattle frequently on the backs with fine sand it will disperse vermin and prevent hide binding. Work the horses, blanket when not moving; feed enough, but be careful about overfeeding in the winter. Remember, on stormy days, to wash, mend and oil the harnesses.