WORLDLY MIGHT VS. CHRISTIAN RIGHT CHAUNCY DIBBLE Man as an unregenerate, selfish being, has a right to control the necessities of his fel- lows by the same law that the stronger and more cunning animals prey upon the weaker. When the stronger has captured the weaker, all seem to regard it as his justly earned prey. Custom acknowledges one's right to defraud his poor neighbor if he has the advantages to do so lawfully and fashionably, and but little thought is given how he came by those advantages. Law takes but little cognizance of real merit, but that which is most powerful holds the strongest grip, and gets the most money, and whether exercised by the professor of religion or the profane, he it is that rides luxuriously upon the backs of the weary poor, and prostitutes his brother as a menial slave. How many thousands are now suffering in tantalized conditions, and without means of redress, for want of that which has been cruelly wrung from them by those, who for years, had consumed upon their persons, appetites and lusts, immense sums of the earnings and the just dues of the poor and needy! Among those who make the loudest profession of Christian equality this spirit of selfishness and grasping prevails most disgracefully. Religious and speculative power combined is used to corrupt the ballot-box, thereby causing laws to be enacted to favor their own monopoly ; thus depriving the poor of their God-given rights. For what purpose is the Christian profession, if such can live on in the same element of selfish worldliness? What better than the heathen if the whole life is spent in selfish pursuits at the expense of others' toils 1 4 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Are such the appointed stewards of God's earthly blessings, unto whom the laboring classes should look with reverence 1 Are not such usurpers ? Drones whom society should cast out? Oh, for more Primitive Christianity! Such as Jesus and the Apostles taught and lived I Equality and love, peace and good-will. That bond of union, which unites soul to soul in one common brotherhood to feel the woes of the afflicted, and to share the blessings of all God's goodness to men.