Wisdom If any man will 'IF ANY MAN WILL. -Condemn no man for not thinking as you think. Let every one enjoy the full and free liberty of thinking for himself. Abhor every approach, in any kind or degree, to the spirit of persecution. If yon cannot reason or persuade a man into the truth, never attempt to force him into it.- John Wesley. Pray and watch PRAY AND WATCH. The body of our prayer is the sum of our duty; and as we must ask of God whatsoever we need, so we must watch and labor for all that we ask. Every petition to God is a rule for our life; a precept for our conduct; perpetual monition to duty. By what we require of God, we see what he requires of us.-Jeremy Taylor'. Quietness before god QUIETNESS BEFORE GOD ' I could write dowu twenty cases,' says a good man, 'when I wished God had done otherwise then He did, and which I now see, had I had my own will would have led to extensive mischief. The life of a Christian is a life of paradoxes. He must lay hold on God, he must follow hard after Him, he must determine not to let Him go. And yet you must learn to let God alone. Quietness before God is one of the most difficult of all Christian graces; to sit where He pleases, to be what He would have us be, and this as long as He pleases.' If I had 'IF I HAD.'-' If I had another life to live and two thousand letters to write agnin ; with God's good help, I would not hurt the feelings of the humblest of all God's creatures honestly trying to do good. He might be as big as Daniel Lambert, and I would not call him fat and unctuous;• Ire might be as lean as Calvin Edson, and I would not call him a bag of bones. I would count each day lost on which I had not made some hearts gladder than they were i~l the . morning j on which I had not plucked up some thorns, or planted some flowers on the path of human life. No man can so Iive without enjoying life. Dogs will snarl at him, but angels are around him. He may' never have riches or fame, but better than both are friends and God.'-S. Irenaenus Prime.