TEAR OFF THE MASK GILES B. A VERY One beautiful morning in October, when nature was dressed in her chameleon robes of enchantment, before the morning beams had opened upon us from the eastern horizon, or the sounds of busy feet were heard, a panorama of literature, or map of letters was spread before our vision ; words, names of persons, principles, habits, records of life's deeds, also mock professions were spread before us, and carved, into apparently oaken tables, a half inch deep. We looked at the beautiful carving, the delicate designs, the rich substantial tablets and admired. A voice we heard : ' Tear off the mask! for 'neath it lies the actual record of life, and these inscriptions, which appear so substantial, carved in oak, are a superficial cheat.' We then began to remove this splendid carving in this heavy oaken veneering, when there appeared a spiritual tablet of what seemed to be a table of light, and on its surface which was as smooth as a sea of glass, were engraven records in clean-cut letters, fine and delicate, as if engravings on steel; these recorded the true history of the 6 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. children of men, the inhabitants of this lower world. Here were to be read the motives that prompted life's deeds, which oft times betrayed a wicked intent, to an apparently good deed, as a heaped measure, in too shallow a dish ; at other times, a good motive to an apparently evil deed, as a truth told in simplicity against an apparent benefactor. Lives, to the memory of which costly monuments have been erected as honorary mementoes on the tablets of fame, are often by this, spiritual record of truth, on the beams of light, shown to have another side, not ' all glorious within ' like the prophetic ' king's daughter,' but sometimes foul with disease of gnawing condemnation, the fruit of broken laws of God, relative to the development and preservation of the life and loveliness of body, soul and spirit. According to this record there is a widespread effort in human transactions to deceive, to make a show of solidity, beauty and unreal utility, as it were a testimony or advertisement carved in oak, with elaborate and enchanting designs, where the clean cut history on the naked tablet of light and truth would reveal shaminess and worthlessness ! Deceit seeing honesty honorable and valuable, steals her livery. The artist puts upon his handicraft productions of clay, wood or iron, an enamel of bronze, silver or gold ; as deception, the cabinet maker dresses his furniture of pine or whitewood with a veneering of bay wood, mahogany or rosewood ; the manufacturer dresses his silks with size to give them weight and lustre ; his broadcloths in shoddy to give them bulk; his paper collars with stamps of thread, imitating cloth ; his India rubber is adulterated with glue and molasses; his turtle shell combs are clarified, mottled glue; his leather trunk covers are scotched papers ; his deer skins are sheep's pelts; and his goat skin moroccos, lamb skins. The grocer calls to his clerk on the eve of parting for prayer meeting, with ' John, have you sanded the sugar ? Certainly! Have you watered the raisins ? To be sure ! Have you wet the tobacco and sponges ? Even so ! Have you mixed peas with the coffee ? I have ! Have you put meal with the ginger? Truly. Have you mixed the teas ? Verily Well, then come to prayers.' Tne merchant ihen gives 11 for a dozen, 34 inches for a yard, and 23 quires for a ream ; he shrinks the bale at both ends. The farmer drives up the bottom of the measure and gives thus 30 quarts for a bushel, sells chalk and water for milk, puts a selection of best apples or potatoes on top of the barrel, and cobble stones in the hay bale, and in the beeswax cake. The chemist and druggist adulterate every thing by which gains can be made. And yet these pious so-called Christian professors read their bibles where God, through Moses, is made to say : ' Thou shalt not commit adultery ! ' Thus, children from earliest memory are associated with, and often trained to deception, and learn to look upon society as a cheat, and. religious pretensions as mockery. Yet these people put money into brick, stone or wooden sanctuaries as though it thus purchased their salvation! Men build churches Babel high, and upon their spires, towering to the misty zenith poise the symbol of the Christian's cross, as if to get it as far away from the walks of life as possible, and hide it so completely from the level gaze of life's visions and incidents, that its very existeenc might be forgotten. They build pulpits to elevate the preacher, as if to honor his word then leave the work of prayer, praise, benedictions, and the practical applications of truth, farther above their life's level practice than is the preacher's elevated stand above the church pews. They introduce powerful organs to tune the praises of God, whose springs of tone are ofttimes touched with fingers foul with deeds at which the face would blush to meet the record as graven on the clean-cut tablets of truth, while the heart is jilting in jollity of worldliness, and the audience is sprinkled with multitudes of the empty and defiled ' temples of God,' tune- less, soulless, and perchance as hardened to the touches and sensibilities of Christian sympathy, as the fire-hardened clay in the walls of their gaudy sanctuary. The records of evangelism number their converts by the count of their spired churches and the roll of pew holders, while e'mblazoned on the inscribed and deeply carved lists are the saved; on monuments of marble 7 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. and pillars of granite polished like unto glass, are the names of ' tabernacles ' that were denied with sin, as if the admonitions, 'Know ye not that your bodies are the temples of the living God? If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy,' had never been introduced to their ears, and much less been felt by their stupid souls, though their Bible guide lies upon their pew seats ! The Record of the Word of God filed and bound up with the filthy history of worldly sinners, canonized as saints, draped in Russian calf or morocco, and edges gilt with gold and glittering clasps, is displayed in pews and on the pulpit's velveted desk, as if its admonitions were revered and regarded as the rule of life ; while from its motley mixed record of Revealed truth of God, Egyptian Magic, hyperbolical, allegory and the history of sinful men's lives, falsely labeled : 'After God's own heart.' The acts of proud and ambitious Kings; of silly Sycophants ; False Prophets ; Revelers in sensuality and sin. Professed religionists yet claim Bible authority, in its entirety, as God's plenarily inspired word, to justify themselves by the commandments of Moses' God, in Wars; in retaliations, in living in the full indulgence of fleshly lusts by desires under the ' permissions ' not ' commandments ' of Paul ; in deceptions by the example of Jacob in his naughty trickery to obtain from his father Esau's blessings, in justification by faith without works because of Paul's denial of the necessity of the works of Jewish law—the ceremonies of a dispensation imperfect, and to be done away when that which is perfect is come in the Christian dispensation. In fine, while professing to confide in the utility of Jacob's Ladder, reaching from earth to Heaven, representing the different dispensations of God's work with men namely : the Noachian, the Mosaic, the first Christian and the second Christian, being the means by which humanity may climb in development from the gross, disorderly earthly condition, upward to the orders of the New Earth and New Heavens. Mankind disregard God's order of progress, which has testimony and laws adapted to each stage of progress, and mix up the testimonies and laws of the dispensations, and from this baby- lonish mixture, take rules of life to suit their carnal desires of the present era. Were men thus to misapply the laws of temperature governing the season, to agriculture, the laws governing affinity or dissolution of particles in chemical processes, the laws governing inertia and motion in mechanics ; the laws of therapeutics and hygiene in the healing art; the world would be in chaotic confusion of desolation. True religion with the mask torn off, consists not in the mere professions and adoptions of creeds of faith ; not in the attendance at churches ; not in the enrollment of names on the Church Record ; neither in the dead professions of faith in Jesus' mission ; nor yet upon the emblazoned epitaph of Christian on the marble tomb stone or polished granite monument, but in living a life free from transgression of the laws of God for the health and salvation of body and soul ; and in dealing honestly, justly, and in love to all mankind; in rising above the mere life and love of self, and living for the bliss of humanity and the glory of God.