Reply reply: Mt. Lebanon, Nov. 15, '79. Eliot McCormick : Esteemed Friend—Your letter of inquiry, of the 6th inst. is at hand. Thank you for the desire you express to come at the facts 16 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. in any statement you may make respecting the faith and principles of Shakerism. In most of the standard works in public libraries, the information to be obtained is unreliable. Not yet is the Shaker Order fairly represented in the great republic of letters, as are the Methodist, Baptist and other popular sects, 'In the just by and by,' Shakers will be known as they really are, whether for better or worse. Now to your questions: 1. ' Do the Shakers hold the doctrine of Christ's expiatory sacrifice as the basis of the atonement ? And if not, what are their views'? ' Questions well put. We do not so hold; do not think Jesus was born the Christ; do not attach any merit to the Jews for killing Jesus, nor believe any benefit accrued to mankind from their causing him to be murdered or sacrificed under Roman Laws. We hold that God is Spirit, Father and Mother, the primary Paternal and Maternal creative powers of this and all worlds that revolve in the immensity of space. The advent of a Christ Spirit, or Angel such as descended upon Jesus, after John had baptized him with water, begins to resurrect souls from the process of reproduction. It did so resurrect Jesus, enabling him to say and speak advisedly, ' I am the resurrection.' ' I am the way, the truth and the life.' ' He who seeketh to save his life shall lose it. But whoso will lose his life, shall find it unto life eternal.' Referring to the generative life and to the Christ life. This is the substance of the whole matter. Jesus, instead of being one of three Gods, was simply the first generative man who became a Shaker. All Christians are Shakers, ' Other sheep have I, who are not of this fold.' Other nations of the earth, beside the Jews, have had their Jesuses, or Saviours who were baptized by the Christ Spirit, causing them to die to physical propagation, and to live to God and Christ in the Spirit—Shaker lives. Hence, in India, Egypt, Ceylon, China, Peru and Mexico, Orders of people arose, who held goods in common, would neither marry, nor fight, nor swear, nor ' use the things of this world as abusing them.' They lived upon fruits cereals and vegetables; would not kill any thing. And for aught we know, the same principles apply to other globes than earth. These were a kind of first fruits of the final harvest of the world—local millennials, foreshadowing the Great millennial we are now approaching wherein ' the knowledge of the Lord shall cover the earth as the waters cover the sea.' The increasing intercommunication between nations in commerce, politics and education, is the prelude to a universal government, when ' the kingdoms of this world will become the kingdoms of our Lord and of His Christ.' 2. 'Do they observe Christmas as the birthday of 9m1 Lord?' (Meaning Jesus.) We have no more objection to observing his birthday* than to observing the birthday of Buddah, Zoroaster, Washington or George Fox. 3. ' What do they teach the children under their care as to the person and work of Jesus Christ? ' We teach them to preserve their native innocence, as Jesus did, who kept the Jewish law forbidding the sin of Onan, as a deadly, destructive, social vice, that was accounted so heinous as to deserve physical death. Then we teach them that having refrained from sinning against their own bodies, they should pray earnestly, agonize, ' to enter in at the straight gate' of a Christ's baptism. Having received this, they are to walk in newness of life on the earth, but not of the earth—to be not of the world as respects generation, property and war, even as Jesus and His apostles were not of the world. In short, we wish them to be as one said: '• As Jesus was, so are we in this world.' Thus, dear friend, have I endeavored to reply to your candid questions., according to the grace of God I have attained unto. Respectfully, F. W. Evans