Editorial THE STANDARD WE RAISE We hold, that with the baptism of Jesus by the Holt Spirit after his baptism by John with water, we had and have in this Jesus Christ the pattern of a life, superior in all features, to any life that preceded him; and a life that has at no time since been excelled. By this baptism of Jesus by the Holy Spirit He became The Christ—became a convert from Judaism to Christianity—the first Christian. We hold, that as Christians—followers after this Jesus Christ—we must copy, and embrace in our lives the essential features of the Christ. It is not the profession that makes us Christians; but the actual possession of those powerful principles, which having first worked so successfully to the salvation of Jesus Christ, and for his Resurrection' in His earthly life to a standard of life far beyond the Adamic or earthy, animal, reproductive plane, will save us as well, and elevate us as highly, if we will to he His true disciples. We hold, that as Christians, we profess to follow Christ in life ; and that as true followers we cannot walk nor act in life other than did Jesus Christ, our perfect exampler. Tried and tempted in all points that we know trials and temptations, He survived these with an experience that should be ours. He was a natural man ; tempted as natural men are, to good and to bad; and to all temptations, were they good or bad, he yet maintained and presented the higher, more spiritual, the better life. Just as other natural men aretempted,so was Jesus. Tempted by marriage, tempted by desired posterity; by wealth ; by the ambitions of the warrior and the applause of the world. Amid all temptations worldward, He maintained a sturdy self-denial; and by this denial to self, and consecration to the superior life, he has laid down for our admonition, the essential features of the Christian church, than which, can no other man lay: VIRGIN CELIBACY ; PEACE ; BROTHERLY EQUALITY, and UNWORLDLINESS OF LIFE. These are the prevailing features of Christianity which we rear upon our standard before a gazing world; and we ask the sober and thoughtful, Are not these Christian principles'? Did not the Master first raise this standard? Did not the Christ thus walk in life ? Then declare we to all professedly Christian people: The faithful servant CANNOT FOLLOW WHERE THE MASTER DID NOT, DOES NOT LEAD. NOTES our new volume — no. 10 Men and Brethren — Greeting: The leading, presiding bishopric of our faith, calls on us for the continuance of The Shaker Manifesto. For this reason, we greet our patrons kindly, hopefully, ardently, with this beginning of a new volume. It cer- tainly is from a labor of love — not for the expectation of any earthly rewards that we thus renew our exertions. When we started The Shaker ten years ago — of which the Manifesto is an honored successor — we hoped to 10 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. be able to publish five volumes, and so expressed ourselves. If the people, through the powers that may be, decide to discontinue issues after the present volume is completed, we will have no cause to complain, but to rejoice in the more than expected success of the past, and in the laying down of an honorable, but heavy burden. But brethren, if we have the gospel of Christ, and its good at heart, let us preach it to the ends of the earth; let us live it, and love to circulate it unselfishly for the good of other souls. It has paid; it still pays ; not in money, but in treasures that will not take wings and depart; and so long as the cost of The Manifesto is far less than the cost of the indulgences of unspiritual habits, let us make it a solemn question between ourselves and God which shall first be discontinued — the habits or The Manifesto ! Beloved Editor Manifesto: The interest we feel... Shaker Station, Conn., November 14, 1879 Beloved Editor Manifesto: The interest we feel in the publication of The Shaker Manifesto, and the pleasure we take in perusing its contents, induces us to freely contribute our 'f mite ' as a help to its support and continuance. Truly it brings food to our hungry souls. We would not be content to do without it, so richly are its pages stored with good gospel testimony and useful information. Inclosed you will find a check fob twenty dollars—a present from the sisterhood of the north family, accompanied by our love and blessing. M. P.[Words are poor things to use in giving expression to our gratitude in a case like this-! Ed.] OUR PITIABLE AND PLEASANT PLIGHT Ours is an interesting mail. Sometimes censorious, oftener filled with praise and congratulations. That it is not pleasant to be the editor of a radically truth-dispensing paper, first read the annexed, sent us on a postal card : Editor Shaker Manifesto: 'Peace be unto you'... Greensburg, Decatur County, Ind., November 13, 1879 Editor Shaker Manifesto : ' Peace be unto you.' Dear Brother—To those who love your teachings I must honestly confess I cannot understand how you dare at this Christian Age of the world, to assert that you do not worship Jesus. I noticed this in your pamphlet called ' Plain Talks,' and I am wonderfully surprised that a man calling himself a Christian, should place his sentiment in the public print. I suppose you think He had a natural father, and therefore a bastard ; and therefore unworthy of your worship. Do you know when you make this assertion, and, of course, deny His divinity, you deny the plain teachings of God's Holy Word, and plunge the soldier's spear to the heart of the Holy Blessed Jesus ? who suffered the death of the natural and spiritual cross, thereby subduing the hosts of hell, to make it possible for you and I to be saved. I do from my heart pity your state of soul. But the kind, loving Jesus still prays, ' Father forgive him, for he knows not what he is doing.' Oh, may the Lord open your eyes, and like Judas say, ' I have betrayed innocent blood.' Edward U. Blake SELFISHNESS ON TRIAL If there is one thing more repulsive than another, to a mind purified by the love of God, it is the spirit of selfishness—the spirit which seeks its own private ends regai'dless of the rights and feelings of others. Nothing too bad can be said of it, for when entirely stripped of all disguises there is nothing left of it but ' pure cussedness,' as one might say. Not a redeeming quality can be found in it. In a word, selfishness is the spirit of the devil, whose greediness acknowledges no right but the right to devour. Although there are all shades of selfishness found in unregenerate man, from the subtle and refined to the gross and brutal, yet the root is identical wherever discovered. The pirit of selfishness is so entirely incompatible with God's generous purposes concerning humanity, that it is constantly seeking, by all manner of plausible subterfuges, to hide its hideous deformity from the light of advancing civilization. Yet no reflective mind can fail to see that this venomous foe to human redemption is coming to judgment as never before. It-would almost seem that the invisible powers of good are combining for its overthrow, by exposing it to the light of day in high places. Men are quite too apt to justify a little selfishness in themselves, on the ground that everybody else is selfish. But that won't do. Selfishness is a sin, and no amount of philosophy can change it into a virtue. When selfish deeds are seen in others they invariably look hateful and mean, so that no man vyith a grain of gene- rosity in his heart can approve of them, whether committed on a petty or on a gigantic scale. Selfishness may be tolerated, but it cannot be justified. Mean, selfish deeds are often pardoned on the ground of ignorance, moral weakness, or cowardice ; but the light of civilization is dispelling ignorance, just as the light of the gospel of Christ is dispelling all excuse for sin. We repeat, that selfishness is on trial; and for what ? For all the crimes and vices of which man has been guilty since his seduction by the old serpent whom God pronounced ' more subtle than any beast of the field.' The result of this trial, however, is not doubtful. Selfishness has the unanimous, unqualified condemnation of heaven and earth, and can have no defender excep^ in Satan and his angels. There is every indication that the principality of selfishness is fleeing before the evangels of Faith and Science, whose discoveries are revealing the fact that God has ' made of one blood all nations of men to dwell on all the face of the earth ; ' and equally certain is it, that these twin forces, which are doing the will of heaven, will yet prove that all men have a common interest in hating iniquity and in loving righteousness ; a common interest in supporting Christ as the rightful owner of all men, and as the sovereign of this world ; a common interest in helping each his neighbor to know God and to do His will on earth 14 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. as it is done in heaven ; a common interest in regarding selfishness as the bane of all true happiness and a barbarism not to be tolerated among civilized beings. Geo. Cragin, in Am. Socialist LET JESUS' RELIGION COME TO THE FRONT We have often presented the thought, that were the religion of Jesus Christ presented in our popular, professionally Christian churches to-day, as taught and lived by Jesus and the early primitive Christiana, people would stare at it as something new; and after their curiosity was satisfied, they would stone or crucify in some manner, those who should insist authoritatively upon their living like Jesus and His disciples. So long as nearly all denominations permit worldly practices and fleshly indulgences and relationships, there can be but little difference between them ; but no sooner are these dispensed with, as Jesus and His disciples did with them ; and souls asked, urged, demanded to observe the self-denial of Jesus, and to copy his exceedingly moral and spiritual life—to be 'lifted up' above the life of the world as He was—not till then do we observe ' a coming out from among them, to touch not, taste not, handle not, but to be separate from the world.' We copy some of the thoughtful remarks of our co-worker and admirer—The Harbinger of Light, Melbourne, Australia — and ask reflection upon that portion of the theme that demands a superior life—a life like unto Christ's—from those who profess that their peculiar denomination teaches a superior Christianity : * * * There is a widespread opinion among the Free-thinking community, that the divergence between the teachings of Paul and Jesus is due to the diversity of doctrine and consequent disunion and discord among the so-called Christian churches of the day. In this we join issue. Doctrine, dogma and forms of religion, have been the greatest impediments to true religious progress in times past, and it is only of late the religion of Jesus has had an opportunity to come to the fronfand be considered on its merits unobscured by the creedal curtains hung about it by those whose true office is to make it manifest to the world. One of the leading Presbyterian ministers in this city has set a noble example by his advocacy of the spirit of Christ's teachings, irrespective of the form, and in his recent lecture, ' Present Troubles in the Church,' indicates practical Christianity as the solution of them. It is still the ambition of not only the churches, but of individuals tobring others to the same form of belief as theirs and to congratulate themselves at any instance of success; but what ground have they for jubilation? Is there any thing gained to the individual or to humanity, by the transition from Episcopalianism to Wesleyanism, from Baptist to Independent, or from any of the orthodox churches to Spiritualism ? The simple alteration of belief is without virtue unless it brings with it an elevation of the moral or spiritual character of the individual, and this brings to us the thought that by the sensational and 'phenomenal, numbers are being urged into the ranks of Spiritualism who are unprepared to appreciate and act upon its principles. There is no gain to the cause, quality is of more importance than quantity. Better that our numbers should be few, and those few showing by their lives the influence of their faith, than many whose social, moral and religious natures exhibit no advancement from their change of faith. The mission of Spiritualism is to the ' Gentiles,' so to speak, that is to the world without its ranks, it works from within outwards, both in the individual and the body, and by presenting ethics analogous to those of Christ, it does more for real Christianity than its professed teachers. The diffusion of ' Spiritual Truths ' is not comprehended in the demonstration of phenomena, and the evidences of spirit intercourse with mortals, but in the dissemination of the broad gospel of Spiritualism, which comprehends all that tends to harmony and progress in the individnal or the mass. Its greatest work is the emancipation of men's minds from binding creeds and dogmas. Toleration and freedom of thought are two of its prominent standards, and although some of its workers are Iconoclastic in their work, the majority are builders, who erect their altars besides those now ex THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 15 isting and invite comparison. They do not fear the light of reason shining too brightly on their system, and will give space in their journals and place on their platforms for all honest opponents ; will the churches do this ? Had they the confidence in their tenets that Spiritualists have, they need not fear the combat. Truth cannot be destroyed, and if they have it the attrition with error will make it shine out all the brighter. STARTLING TRUTHS Words of Faith, a lovely little paper, published monthly in Philadelphia, is doing a grand work by insisting that professors and followers of Christ ought to live sinless, as did Christ. As a specimen of its teachings, and which teaching ought to awaken the Christian professor to his or her proper senses, we quote the following : If man who is a sincere Christian, and who believes that God has washed away his sins, sings these lines : ' I am all unrighteousness, False and full of sin I am,' does he not thereby call in question the purifying work of the Spirit in his heart, and rank himself with the vilest of sinners? If the confessions which we hear from many Christians are true, if they are as great sinners as they say they are, if they are really guilty of the wickedness which they say they are guilty of, they ought neither to profess the Christian name nor make any pretensions to religion. Sin and holiness are directly contrary to each other. There is no blending of the two things, no agreement between the two states. If a man is sinning daily, he is not a holy man ; if a man is holy he is not daily sinning. The piety, devotion and usefulness of the church are injured by their untruthful confessions of sin. They are imperceptibly and unconsciously led to think less of the work of Christ than they ought to do ; they give encouragement to world-loving professors to think less of the evil of sin, by making the impression that religion consists in a great degree in daily confession of deprav. ity and vileness ; and they also encourage some of little or-no piety to join the church. ANOTHER STORY OF THE SHAKERS Elsewhere may be found letters passing between E. McCormick and Elder Evans. It now appears that the information, which Editor McCormick has variously been seeking concerning the Shakers, was for the purpose of weaving the same into a story to appear in the Christian Union. We hoped it would not be ridiculous in its features, but rather ' Speak of us as we are, nothing extenuating nor setting down aught in malice.' We find it too silly for such a noble paper as The Christian Union.