THE LIVING CHRIST G. B. AVERY The English word ' Christ' appears to have been derived from the Greek word ' Ohristos,'—anointed; and this is a derivation from the word ' chrio,'— to anoint. Whether Christians have properly or improperly applied this term to Jesus, it is thus used in their Scriptures. ' Jesus ' means Saviour, hence—Christ Jesus is made to mean 'Anointed Saviour.' Thus the Spirit of Christ would truly mean, the spirit of him who was anointed — Christ Jesus. This anointing, received of the Father, by Jesus, made him ' One with the Father ; ' and the same received by Christ's followers made them one with Jesus Christ, as he was one with the Father; thus constituting them Christs, with Jesus, who was the Living Christ. In reply then to the oft repeated question ' What is the Shaker Theology concerning Christ, and what do Shakers teach their children on this subject ? We answer: (1) Shaker theology teaches that Jesus, abstractly considered, aside from his baptism, and when born of Mary, was not the Christ, nor Christ Jesus. (2) He became Christ by a spiritual baptism of the Father, God, constituting him the heavenly 'Bridegroom.' This baptism caused Jesus to be born again, of the spirit of God ; by this baptism he became ' A creature'' of the resurrection order ; and in this order, ' The first born of every creature ;' ' The first born among many brethren ;' 'The Elder Brother.' In this capacity he was the Christ of his day, or Master. ' One is your Master^ even Christ, and all ye are brethren.' (3) We teach our children that Jesus, when born of Mary, was not possessed of the nature of angels ; that ' he took not on him the nature of angels, but the seed of Abraham, wherefore it became him—Jesus— to be tempted in all points like unto his brethren ' of the seed of Abraham, meaning children of this world. (4) That Jesus, in order to become Christ, had to be born again of the spirit of his Heavenly Father — into a spiritual Kesurrection Order — a ' New Creation '— thus making Jesus '' a New Creature,' ' a quickening Spirit,' ' The Lord from Heaven,' ' The Second Adam.' He was now constituted Christ Jesus (i. e.) the anointed Jesus. This anointing, Jesus being true to his mission, he has never lost ; hence he is still the ' Christ Jesus ' — the ' Anointed Saviour.' (5) That Jesus, and all his faithful followers who crucify and overcome the world — the generative worldly life in themselves, as Jesus set the example, and thus become harvested from the world, as Jesus was — become eunuchs, spiritually, for the ' Kingdom of Heaven's sake,' constitute the Christ Order now manifested on the earth, and to all the souls of men, both in this and in the spirit world ; and yet, that this Order was not completed in the dispensation of Christ's first appearing. (6) Christ Jesus, and his faithful followers, constituting the true Christ Order, were for ages lost from the earth ; but Jesus and his true disciples maintained it in the spirit world, and constituted still the one true body of the Christ. (7) The John Baptist unction, or forerunning spirit began to be manifested on earth the second time, in the latter part of the seventeenth century, in Vivarais, France, extended into England in the early part of the eighteenth century, and, about the middle of this century the revival of the manifestation of the Christ Spirit, an unction from the Motherhood of God, began to be poured out upon a little band of united souls in England, headed, for a time, by James and Jane Wardley. Of this unction, Ann Lee at length became baptised, and eventually received the acknowledged, leading gift, as the ' Elder Sister of many Sisters m the Christ Order,'—as Jesus became the ' Elder Brother ' of many brethren, thus she became the anointed Bride, for which Jesus, the anointed Bridegroom, waited. And spoken in its collective or united capacty, — Jesus Christ and his true church, and Ann Lee, and her true church — constitute the manifest Christ Body, being ' one ' in spirit as Bridegroom and Bride. Thus it is THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. that the Apostle John saw the church as the Bride of Christ, which should be manifested in the dispensation of Christ's Second Appearing ; the first Christian Church revealing the Fatherhood of God, the second, the Motherhood of God. This church is Christ now made manifest on earth ; the true followers of Christ Jesus are ' one ' with him as he is 'one' with the Father. In like oneness is the Bridal Christ Church, united with the Mother in God.