Editorial THE STANDARD WE RAISE We hold, that with the baptism of Jesus by the Holt Spirit after his baptism by John with water, we had and have in this Jesus Christ the pattern of a life, superior in all features, to any life that preceded him; and a life that has at no time since been excelled. By this baptism of Jesus by the Holy Spirit He became The Christ—became a convert from Judaism to Christianity—the first Christian. We hold, that as Christians—followers after this Jesus Christ—we must copy, and embrace in our lives the essential features of the Christ. It is not the profession that makes us Christians; but the actual possession of those powerful principles, which having first worked so successfully to the salvation of Jesus Christ, and for his Resurrection' in His earthly life to a standard of life far beyond the Adamic or earthy, animal, reproductive plane, will save us as well, and elevate us as highly, if we will to he His true disciples. We hold, that as Christians, we profess to follow Christ in life ; and that as true followers we cannot walk nor act in life other than did Jesus Christ, our perfect exampler. Tried and tempted in all points that we know trials and temptations, He survived these with an experience that should be ours. He was a natural man ; tempted as natural men are, to good and to bad; and to all temptations, were they good or bad, he yet maintained and presented the higher, more spiritual, the better life. Just as other natural men aretempted,so was Jesus. Tempted by marriage, tempted by desired posterity; by wealth ; by the ambitions of the warrior and the applause of the world. Amid all temptations worldward, He maintained a sturdy self-denial; and by this denial to self, and consecration to the superior life, he has laid down for our admonition, the essential features of the Christian church, than which, can no other man lay: VIRGIN CELIBACY ; PEACE ; BROTHERLY EQUALITY, and UNWORLDLINESS OF LIFE. These are the prevailing features of Christianity which we rear upon our standard before a gazing world; and we ask the sober and thoughtful, Are not these Christian principles'? Did not the Master first raise this standard? Did not the Christ thus walk in life ? Then declare we to all professedly Christian people: The faithful servant CANNOT FOLLOW WHERE THE MASTER DID NOT, DOES NOT LEAD.