PRE-EXISTENCE OF CHRIST F. W. EVANS Some object that this is a Gnostic idea. Taking Webster's definition of Gnostic, I do not see why it may not be a true idea. ' All natures, intellectual, intelligible, and material, are derived, by successive emanations, from the infinite fountain of Deity ; these successive emanations are termed eons.' Is it not so ? All agree that God is the Creator. This merely aims to explain the mode of creation. If Jesus was born a natural man — a Jew, and when between thirty and forty years of age, became a Christian, is it not quite as proper to say Jesus toas the Christ, as to say Jesus is the Christ. Was not Jesus the first Christian man, and Ann Lee the first Christian woman ? Were they not both baptized with pre-existing Christ Spirit? Does not that idea leave other nations beside the Jews as Christian, and other races as recipient of the Christ Spirit ? And further, could not a pre-existing Christ Spirit be a Saviour — a resurrection power — to the intelligent inhabitants of other globes ? If Christ be not pre-existent, whence came the spirit in the form of a dove that lit upon Jesus, and who, and what was that dove, if not 'a foreign spirit?' We say the President of the United States is over all the realm, and is omnipresent, in that the United States laws extend to the remotest boundaries, and go with each citizen to the ends of the earth — but the man, Hayes, lives and resides in the capital of the nation. By his agents, commissioned and clothed with his authority, all the functions of government are performed. And thus we say, God is Spirit, a Supreme Being, ex- isting in the God element, as Hayes exists in Washington. And yet we say God is omni- present, omniscient and all good; that all things are in God ; they are in the God element ; and God rules and governs, by His agents and officials, in all creation. The affairs of a race — a nation — a society — an individual—a sparrow—of this and all inhabited globes, are directed by the spirit of Deity, through rulers of his selection and appointment. One is Euler — a tutelary Deity —of a race. Another, of a globe, with their subordinates, powers and principalities — Gods many and Lords many. Jackson says: ' God is the great Father (and Mother) spirit of all spirits — the great type of whom all other spirits are but indications and corresponding organizations — the Creator, Sustainer — Father and Mother of all.' Kiddle snys : ' Man must, in spirit and from his heart, or the depths of his spiritual be. ing, go to God in prayer, or the holy angels, who do the will of God, cannot visit him and assist him. He prays to God because it is only by God's will he can be aided, and then the aid comes from God, through His ministering spirits who bring it — thus His attributes are described as personal — Love, Mercy, Wisdom, heedfulness to prayer.' All these imply personality, either of primary or secondary beings. If God be dual — Father and Mother — the first emanation, we will suppose to be a materialization of the spirit world, or sphere, by some termed the Christ sphere, or Heaven. Its inhabitants may be as Gods and Goddesses, who are sent as ministering 3 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. spirits. By them worlds are made —visible and invisible. We will then assume this sphere to be the fountain of inspiration to the Prophetic or Resurrection order of men and women, in all worlds, who speak as they are moved upon by holy, Christ Spirits. When we admit that there is a third heaven, reached unto by Paul and Swedenborg, we admit gradations from earth to Deity ; and if there be higher and lower orders of being, there must be one nearest to Deity, and that one could but be a Mediatorial Order to all others. Is there any sphere beneath the earth sphere, or above the Christ Heavens ? Are we necessarily limited to the precise degree of knowledge that those before us have attained unto in spiritual things ? ' The spirit searcheth all things, yea even the deep things of God.' If Paul had knowledge of these, why may not we have knowledge of seven heavens ? If Jesus not only teas, but is the Christ, except Jesus be in us, then are we reprobates, which is an awkward saying that we would avoid using.