AFTER CAMP-MEETIN' Wal, Sarah, we've been to camp-meetin', and seen all there was to see, And I think you'll agree that camp-meetin' ain't jest as it used to be. There was preachin' and prayin' an' singin', jest the same as when we were young ; But there all the likeness is ended, when you say that they preached, prayed, an' sung. And when we drdve up to the gateway, tears came till I hardly could see, To hear the old song so familiar, ' I'm glad that salvation is free.' But jest as we was a-startin', to partake of the heavenly grace, A man stepped up quickly, demandin' a fee ere we entered the place. And though they all said that the preachin' was the best that they ever had heard; And though they declared that the prayin' brought blessings with every word; Though the singin' they said was exquisite, the thought pierced me thro' like a sword, That the preacher got so many praises, there'd be none of them left for the Lord. Then I thought perhaps I was old-fashioned, and hadn't no right to find fault, And the command to judge not quickly warned me that complaints had best come to a halt. And jest as I was a gettin' my mind in a spiritual frame, A smilin' young preacher rose sayin', 'We'll proceed' to sell lots — in God's name.' I thought he must say it in figure, meanin' something concerning Lot's wife ; But no, to my utter amazement, he stood up as big as life, And there in God's holy altar, and then upon God's holy day, He proceeded to auction the lots off for whatever the people would pay. ' The first lot's the best on the camp grounds ; hurry up with your bids, for we wish '— Here a voice close at hand interrupted, with 'Ice cream, just ten cents a dish.' I declare my old blood boiled with anger, and I felt, as we rose to go, That the whip for the old money-changers might have found some more work here to do. So, since we have been to camp-meetin' and seen all there was to see, I think you'll agree that camp-meetin' ain't no longer for sich as we be. Though there's preachin' and prayin' and singin', as there was forty years ago, There's a powerful sight less religion and fewer conversions I know.