Correspondence Elder F. W. Evans: Dear Sir— As I had the pleasure of hearing you speak at Lake View on... Greenville, Mercer Co., Pa., Dec. 25, 1879&gt; Elder F. W. Evans: Dear Sir— As I had the pleasure of hearing you speak at Lake View on the Book of Revelations, I was pleased with the last part, it was so different from the interpretation generally given. I would like to see it in print for future reference. You say the Bible is nothing but history, and you believe only what agrees with your theory. But, if it is not an inspired book, why do you take it to prove that your opinion of Revelations is correct? And, if that book gives so much light on the future, why is not Daniel, with the books of the Apostles, equal in importance as a guide for the future ? As you seem to be well posted on the Scriptures, will you please give me and many others, some new light from the Prophet Esdras, second Book in Apocrypha ? Why is not this prophecy as important as that of Daniel ? It is later, and a continuance of his prophecy. I will call your attention to some points, beginning at chapter 6 — 7 to 10 verses — also chapter 7 —41 to 45 — chapter 8 — 1 to 4 —chapter 12 — 11 to 15 —chapter 14—9 to 14 and 44 to end. These I think very important to all liv. ing at this age. And also chapter 15 — 14 to 21. Is not this fulfilling at this time? And chapter 16 — 15 to 21------35 to 36 and 62 to end of chapter. Does not this take us down to the Second Appearing of Christ in person, as given by Peter, Acts 1 — 10 to 14 ? Now, as the Book of Esdras is not in the Bible, but set aside by man, it becomes to us only as history to three hundred and fifty years before Christ; and gives us more light than any other prophet from Daniel to the present time. Now, sir, will you please look over the whole Book of Second Esdras, and give us more light to help the mass of Church members into a higher life of truth and morality ? Will there be minutes printed of the meeting at Lake Chautauqua ? and will the speeches be printed in them, or separate ? I want a copy of all, when they can be had. I will now call your attention to a few verses in Matthew, chapter 24 —15 to 21 to 26, 30,32. Is this in the past, or yet to come ? Also, Mark, chapter 13 —14, 15, 19, 20, 26, 27 and 35 to end of chapter. I think this is all in the future, and it will be well with all who have part in the first resurrection. But I cannot see any life between death and the resurrection; but people are to wax worse and worse, until He comes and sets up his Kingdom here on earth. Then there will be only one faith, one Lord, one Baptism — and one people, of every nation, to worship the only true God. Yours, in the Light of Truth, S. R. Breed, M. D. S. R. Breed, M. D. : Dear Friend — Yours, of the 25th ult. at hand... Mt. Lebanon, Jan. 2,1880 S. R. Breed, M. D. : Dear Friend — Yours, of the 25th ult. at hand. Perhaps you remember, I separated the Book of Revelations from the rest of the Bible. God knoweth them that are His. When we have THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. a revelation in our own souls, we recognize revelation in other souls. Scriptures should be used to illustrate and confirm revelation. To substitute authority for truth is the unmistakable mark of the beast. Should the Almighty say to me, believe this, or that, with reverence and humility, I would say, please show me the why and wherefore — give me evidence. If, by investigation and research from below, and inspiration and revelation from above, I form opinions and come to settled principles of belief and action, and then upon referring to some book in the various collections called Bibles, Holy Bibles, etc., should find those opinions had been entertained by a writer hundreds or thousands of years ago, and those principles clearly set forth and illustrated, might I not come to the conclusion that such writer had been baptized with the same Christ Spirit that I have been baptized with? Daniel was a Christ Prophet, and so was Esdras. We are not entirely .unacquainted with them. I have looked over the Scriptures in Esdras you refer to, and am much interested in your selections. It is almost precisely what we should make of them. The New Testament selection and your interpretation thereof are of the Orthodoi class. Of course, I differ from you. Your basic idea of God — the Hebrew God — of Christ, Atonement, Resurrection, Kingdom of Heaven, etc. What I suppose you hold as sacred, we would call the old Heavens that are even now passing away with a great noise. See what Ingersoll and his fellows do with the Orthodox heavens, or theology ! A Shaker hears him and indorses most that he has to say, knowing that neither hit God, Christ, nor the Scriptures have suffered at his hands. Behold I create a New Earth and New Heavens, for the former earth and heavens have passed away, and there shall be no more sea nor world, because the city of Babylon and the sea, or world, out of which it arose, is dissolved and resolved into three parts — First, a new Civil Government, purely secular,with members representing both parts of the population — male and female —holding land for all, both present and prospective population of the country, as belonging to all. Poverty abolished. Disease and all sickness abolished, no one saying ' I am sick.' Wars no more, as there would be nothing to fight about. This will be the New Earth to generate human beings by strictly confining sexuality to propagation, as do the brute beasts. Second, The Celibate order of intellectual men and women to fill Civil Government offices, leaving the married to take care of their families at home. Under such conditions, population would increase at a rapid rate, doubling each twenty-five years, there being no Infant mortality before, nor after birth. In one century, what would the country do with 1,000,000,000 of people to begin doubling with ? The situation would be appalling. Here comes in part third, to regulate the whole — the Resurrection Order — the Shaker Spiritual System, to check population and hold the balance of power. It could be increased, or decreased, as occasion called for. Dear friend, I can only hint; time would not suffice to speak of all the things pertaining to the New Earth and New Heavens that are even now creating in the form of the United States Government and the United Society of Believers in Christ's Second Appearing, this having already commenced on this earth. I do not know what will be done about the speeches, but think no report will be made. I was not correctly reported. I should suppose you would be interested to visit our Society. You are not far from the Kingdom of Heaven. It exists on the earth ; and a revelation is necessary to find it. ' No man cometh to me, except the Father draw him,' said Jesus. Shall be pleased to hear from you again. Respectfully, F. W. Evans