AMONG THE SHAKERS: II The peculiar features of Shakerism are pretty well known, and are usually dismissed as extravagant and unnatural, without much consideration. It cannot be denied that on the first presentation of its general features it strikes one as being a cold, unnatural system. But it is personal character which usually makes any thing what it is; and though there are many objectionable things about Shakerism which are mainly traceable to ignorance, a calm and deep consideration would considerably modify the tone of public feeling toward it. In most of the stories which are published with Shakeresses for the heroines, the older Shakers are represented as cruel persecutors, who are continually trying to thwart the natural affections or love which the younger members show toward each other, or toward strangers who happen upon the scene. The writers do not understand that .the sacrifice of close relationships which Shakerism demands comes from personal conviction, and that people do not usually join the Shakers who feel or think differently about these things. It seems about as hard for strangers to believe that the Shakers live up to their professions as it was in the early part of the temperance 30 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. movement to believe that any one could live without drinking ; and it is still believed in England that temperance advocates or teetotalers drink on the sly. The Shakers allow a certain amount of affection among the members. One of the men used to speak in our presence of a woman who was his ' good sister,' meaning that she was the one who took more special care of his clothing, etc., but they have very strict rules for preventing any thing of this kind going beyond a definite point. Upon our first introduction to them I noticed the cold, stiff manner in which the Elder shook hands with me. I found afterward it was against the rules for men and women to shake hands. They have also different doors for the sexes to enter their buildings, and the brothers and sisters do not sit nor stand upon the same side of a room, and are not allowed to pass each other on the stairs. But they talk to each other without any hesitation or embarrassment upon all social topics, and express their opinions very freely upon subjects which are rarely mentioned in common society. A stranger is surprised at their bluntness, but their straightforwardness overcomes all difficulty of getting at the real points of their faith. The life of a Shaker is full of hard work and rigid discipline. Their founder was a woman of great physical strength and endurance, but very little education; and her standard seems to have been kept up among her followers, who are mostly people of robust health, and have not a very exalted opinion of ' book education.' They say they find that those who are specially fond of reading are often idle and unprofitable per sons. Still, they have a number of welleducated, intelligent people among them, and the ability to write and speak well, places these among the leaders. They are, in general, pretty well informed upon all progressive movements, and are especially careful upon matters pertaining to the health, diet, etc., although they cling to old-fashioned methods in their farming and other employments. Whatever they do they do well. They used to have a large trade for various articles of manufacture, for their goods were known to be reliable ; but their numbers having decreased, and a large proportion of the members who remain being old and infirm, not to mention the greater use of machinery among outsiders, a great part of their trade in garden seeds,, brooms, etc., has been taken away from them, and they are left largely dependent on farming, though some of their Societies derive a considerable income from outside investments. They rise in summer at half-past four, and in winter about five, and go about their various duties until the bell calls them to breakfast at six or half-past six o'clock, when they attend to their personal appearance, and proceed to the dining-room, where they kneel down for a short time in silent prayer. They then in perfect silence help themselves to whatever they want from an abundantly supplied table, for the women take great pride in their cooking, and always have whatever is in season cooked in the best possible manner. Every thing is clean and good and pure, and great care is taken to make every thing both palatable and digestible. Whatever other sacrifices the Shakers make, good eating and drinking are not among them. After the work of the day they usually have meetings in the evening ; but from what I saw of them I thought them pretty dull. The members would enter a large room each carrying a chair, and would sit— the men on one side, and the women on the other—in two long rows, five or six feet apart. They would strike up a hymn or enter into general conversation ; but it seemed.difficult for them to find topics—at least, whilst we were there—possibly, partly on that account. It was very different in a room up stairs where the leaders held their meetings. We were sent for one evening by the Elder, who wished to speak with us, and were met at the door by a blaze of light and warmth ; and as we entered we found a nice, warm, soft carpet and rugs upon the floor, a large handsome stove, large soft easy-chairs, with foot-cushions, tables covered with cloths, on which, stood different kinds of fruit, a fine German student-lamp in the center, and everything which spoke of warmth and comfort. Perhaps it might THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 31 have been different in the olden time ; but it seemed as if, notwithstanding their preach, ing of the doctrine of perfect equality, it was hard to keep it up in practice. It may be said in extenuation, that all the members have private rooms which are pretty comfortably furnished ; and that the leaders fare the same as the rest in food and other thing's, and like the humblest members are expected to labor with their hands. Saturday afternoon they leave off work early and prepare for the Sabbath. Their public worship on Sunday begins at ten o'clock, and consists mostly of singing and marching around the room ; singing the most lively tunes, and sometimes working themselves up to quite a pitch of excitement, when various members will give their testimony. They used formerly to dance, but the members are now mostly old, and they content themselves with marchiDg. I am speaking, of course, of a single Society; it is different in some of the Societies where there are more young and middle-aged people. Indeed, we ourselves once had the good fortune to be permitted to see the Shakers in a private meeting at the head Society of New Lebanon, where there are a large number of members. The meetings are far more vigorous and lively there, and every thing is done with the greatest precision. They would march around the room at a very lively pace ; then, at a certain point in the tune, would face about and skip or jump a number of times; then turn and proceed upon their march without the slightest pause. And to other tunes they had regular sets, and would go through their movements in the most graceful and picturesque manner possible, and with the greatest precision, and yet without any apparent leadership. I never saw any dancing that had a more pleasing effect. (To be continued.)