THOUGHTS RELATIVE TO A RELIGIOUS COMMUNISTIC LIFE ANN AFFORD While journeying in the pathway of life, participating with kindred friends the joys and sorrows incidental to a religious, communistic life, the question arises : Am I in truth and reality carrying out the principles of true Christianity in the practical duties of everyday life ? If not, what excuse have I for not doing so '? I am certainly privileged to dwell where the glorious sun-light of truth shines with greater intensity, to invigorate and give new impulses to the whole being, than can be found in the outer wheels of God's Providence, where the spirit of war and monopoly are in the ascendancy, and selfish interests bear rule ; where each and all seek gain from their own quarter to build up a natural relationship, which, however good it may be in its time and place, is designed to pass away and be superseded by a spiritual Order of Society on a higher plane. The natural is first; but believers in Christ's Gospel are called to a higher work ; to come under the Divine influence of Peace Purity, and that true love that is 'without partiality,' and belongs to the family of Christ, that love that expands, and flows to humanity through unselfish consecrated labor. I realize that I am privileged to dwell in this spiritual Order; and that here an altar of sacrifice is erected whereon glows the fire of truth, whose piercing rays of light, and fervid heat, — if permitted to enter the heart—will purify unto perfection. If, under such favorable auspices, I fail in duty, the fault is my own ; I can have no excuse. I rejoice that through the medium of our ' Manifesto,' I can assure my companions who have entered the gospel work, and have pledged themselves, as I Lave done, to bear the same cross that Jesus bore, that my courage is firm and undaunted ; and that my life shall be consecrated to the upbuilding of the cause of Christ on earth; for the deepest feelings of my heart are to become a true and perfect Christian; and to show THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 27 my faith by my works through adverse scenes, as truly as in the days of prosperity. A weak, frail bark may glide nicely over smooth waters; but fierce winds and rolling billows test the strength of a vessel. In a recent visit among my dear gospel kindred at Enfield, Conn., Harvard and Shirley, Mass., there was nothing that struck me more forcibly than the beautiful spirit of devotion to heavenly principles that I felt from my aged brethren and sisters ; these dear souls who have endured persecution, deprivation and sufferings for truth's sake through many years ; and who have fought the good fight of faith, and laid up treasures in heaven. Although their tottering limbs and whitened locks bespoke age and infirmity, and betoken that their earthly course was nearly finished, yet in spirit they were bright and lovely. The sweet influence of their spirits to me was like the aroma of flowers, and their words were full of wisdom. I will strive to be likewise, and to make my life a blessing to others, as theirs has been to me. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.