CONSECRATED LABOR MARTHA ANN BURGER When the powers and energies of the being are devoted to the support, and for the advancement of the communistic relation, where temporal and spiritual blessings are alike free to all, selfish interests must be set aside ; and the power of Love be the motor that moves to action. How much more noble and satisfactory is such labor, than where individual benefits are alone considered. True glory rests upon those who consecrate their hearts to God in early life to the upbuilding of His cause, and the welfare of their fellow beings. In a life of self-denial, spiritual powers are unfolded, moral sentiments are developed, the intellectual faculties quickened, and the whole being renovated ; blessing attends the labor of the hands ; and it becomes a pleasure to minister to the needs of others. There have always been those who devoted their lives to promulgate truth according to the day in which they lived, and their degree of conception as to what constituted truth. But as far as our knowledge extends, there has never been a people so favored and blest in this respect, as are Believers in Christ's second appearing at the present time. Intelligence has increased ; and the standard of righteousness to those who choose to bear it is raised higher. Jesus held forth the idea of a community relation, based upon virgin purity, to be out•vrought by Divine law. The organization that was started at the day of Pentecost failed ; the time had not come when it could be carried to its ultimate ; it was a ' kind of first fruits.' But the knowledge of the principles remained, and were left to work in the minds of the people, until they were prepared to sustain such an order. The same truths that were revealed to Jesus were presented to Ann Lee with in. creased power. She ministered them to others who accepted them with thankful hearts, and were willing to give their all to sustain them. Through their unreserved dedication, and consecrated labor, our beautiful Zion here was created ; and by the same spirit it has been and is sustained. How can we repay the debt of gratitude we owe, except by the same spirit of self-sacrifice and devotion ? Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.