Communion of saints THE COMMUNION OF SAINTS. Marianne Famingham. The family is large, we are scattered here and there, We do but come together for a time of praise and prayer: But the hours are aye the sweetest when we see in kindly eyes The knowledge of the Father and the faith that seeks the skies ; And our thanks are true and fervent when we bless the God above For communion with each other, and the joy of Christian love. We do not always speak of the Lord we love so well, Nor name the one dear home where we all have hope to dwell; But the glad unspoken thought fills our souls with tranquil peace, And we think of that fair city where the partings all shall cease ; And hope and joy and courage help us through the onward way, When our hearts have been united for one happy, restful day. One goes through shaded scenes where the harvest fields are white. And one to sunny southward where the days are calm and bright, And one to where the crowd is the thickest in the street, And one to the fierce battle, where the deadly foemen meet. But we nevermore are strangers, and whereever we may roarn. The paths shall meet together, for we all are going home. . We have a transient time of joy, and then for weary years We cannot walk together with blended smiles and tears; But we keep all warm within us the love and kindness past, We shall take up the scattered threads, and make them Whole at last ; And then complete the story commenced so long ago, When we dwell at home together, and the full communion know. Some have gone home before us, and yet it often seems That the only parting veil is the misty one of dreams. Are we not .sometimes conscious that they are by our side ? Do they not float about us oft in the eventide? Perhaps the dead are nearer than the living, for the love Has nought to make it colder when the dear ones are above. But let us thank our Father that even now and here, He gives us glad communion for our solace and our cheer, And the knowledge of that home far off from sin and woe, To which with eager footsteps His children ever go ; Oh let us hasten onward, at last we all shall meet, With the fellowship unbroken and the friendship all complete. in London Christian World.