THE CURSE REMOVED RUTH WEBSTER St. Paul said: ' Let your women keep silence in the church, for I suffer not a woman to teach or to usurp authority over the man.' He gave as his reason for this pro- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 33 hibition that Adam was first created, then Eve. Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression. It appears that man and woman were created equal, but in consequence of the woman's yielding to an inferior or animal nature, tempted Adam to disobedience (to which he so readily consented) she had to bear the penalty of her transgression. She was told that 'in sorrow she should bring forth children, that her desire should be to her husband, and he should rule over her.' But in this condition she was not left without hope, for she was told that ' the seed of the woman should bruise the serpent's head.' So mankind looked forward to the coming of the Messiah for the fulfilment of this promise. In process of time the Messiah came. His advent was the cause of great joy to those who looked for Him, and the angel choir sounded forth ' Glory to God in the highest, on Earth peace and good will to men.' Yet in Christ's first appearing woman was not released from bondage — the curse was not removed, for the apostle Paul in nearly all of his epistles insisted that the women be kept in subjection, yea subject in all things. He said ' the married woman cared for the things of the world that she may please her husband, but the unmarried cared for the things of the Lord that she might be pure in body and spirit.' By ruling herself she is saved from the sorrows of childbearing&gt; and from being ruled by a husband. The second Adam had come. In the first creation the order was not complete till Eve was brought forth; so was it not as necessary that the second Eve should stand in her lot in the new creation to make the order complete '? Christ had taught His disciples of His second coming, so at one time they inquired of Him what should be the sign of His coming and of the end of the world ? for they seemed to think that there was some connection in these events. After showing them the signs that should precede, He said: When the son of Man shall come in His glory and all the holy angels with Him, then shall He sit on the throne of His glory and before Him shall be gathered all nations and He shall separate them one from another as a shepherd divideth the sheep from the goats.' We are told that ' the woman is the glory of the man;' so if His second appearing should be in a woman where can be the objection? At one time He said to the people that unless they ate His flesh and drank His blood they had no life in them.' They reasoned among themselves how that could be. He said, 'the words that I speak unto you they are spirit and they are life; the flesh profits nothing.' So if it is the testimony, what is the difference whether it is given by male or female ? or as in the case of John the Baptist who came in the spirit and power of Elias ? The apostle said : ' Now we speak in part and we prophesy in part; when that which is perfect is come then that which is in part shall be done away.' So when the second Eve has come the order will be complete. About one hundred years ago God raised up a woman and endowed her with power to bring forth a testimony whereby all who will may be saved from sin and come into the resurrection of the just. 'As many as believe, to them there is power given to become the children of God.' Such are the seed of the woman who will bruise the serpent's head, and triumph over a carnal nature. Such know assuredly that Christ has come 'in His glory;' that 'the bride hath made herself ready and the marriage of the Lamb has come;' yea ' Christ has come the second time without sin unto salvation.' ' The man is not without the woman in the Lord, neither is the woman without the man.' The order is complete; the mystery is revealed ; and 'that which was in part is done away.' The sons and daughters of our Father and Mother of the new creation live the life of the Lamb, or life of innocence, having nothing to do with the works of the flesh ; hence on them the end of the world has come and they are harvested from the earth, and are subjects of that kingdom which the God of heaven was to set up — a kingdom that should never have an end. I having been 'a transgressor after the 34 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. similitude of Eve's transgression,' have suffered the penalty ; have obeyed the command : ' Wives obey your husbands,' as conscientiously as any other woman, feeling it to be God-given. The law of Christ has made me free frotn the law of the carnal commandment ; therefore, having crucified the flesh with its affection and lusts, I am free to say that no man shall rule over me&gt; for that curse is removed.