EDITORIAL NOTES: Queries and Answers G. W. T. — The story in the Christian Union- for Christmas we pronounced silly in our January number because it was untrue, as well as misleading. We have grown up from early childhood among the Shakers, and we know of none who keep Christmas more in keeping with the honor of Him who was the first simple, pure-minded, celibate, illustrious Shaker Jesus, born Christmas, beginning the so-called Christian era. Sometime we may give the details of how rigidly we were called upon in our early days to make peace with our brethren on that day, and the remembrance of the poor was just as rigidly and practically set forth. We will write Editor McCormick, and as you are a reader of that paper, we invite you and others to read that otherwise excellent Union, dropping the 'Christian.' C. Lawrence. — You ask: ' Do we separate husband and wife in our Shaker families?' We answer emphatically that we never did such an act. Married people, before uniting with our institution, settle that point between themselves — henceforth to renounce the civil compact of husband and wife, and to accept as a superior substitute the Christly relationship of brother and sister, after Christ-life pattern; our interference in behalf of the desired spiritual progress of the parties does not begin until that question is settled between them favorable to Shakerism. Jno. C. J. —Certainly. Any one having property when joining the Society can retain the principal of the same urftil they choose to consecrate the same ' to charitable and religious purposes,' after Shaker signification of what these purposes are. It will pay to make the trial—will you try it? 'Mrs. S. C. Gatling.'—Concerning literary opportunities among the Shakers we cannot give you any extensive encouragements. We purpose a soul preparation to meet Christ in His glory, and not for the mental illumination for any official capacity or ' kingdom of this world.' We fear you are on the wrong track. We are a Christian institution, and have no time nor opportunities for the superior literary attainments. If you or friends unite with us we will not ask nor concern ourselves of what denomination you have sailed under, but will simply ask you to 'put your hands to work,' as we do, and 'give your hearts to God ' as we ought to. Mary Evans. — Thanks for compliments upon Manifesto. Please consult pamphlet, 'Plain Talks!' for the balance of your THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 41 questions. As our bishops have pronounced the little work ' a valuable medium of our faith,' we feel partially paid for endeavor upon it, and would present it with our kindest hopes to many who would know more of us.