Misleading Dear Editor: In a commentary in the last Manifesto, upon one of my articles, some, if not many, are being '' misled ' as to the doctrines I teach. I do not hold Buddah, Zoroaster, Confucius, Melchizedeck, nor John Baptist, ' as mere Reformers ' on the generative plane, like Wesley, Geo. Fox, Graham, but as Avatars sent of God and inspired from the same Christ, or resurrection heavens that Jesus was inspired and baptized from. It was effected by intelligent missionary messengers, duly sent and commissioned. They did not run as uncertain, nor fight as beating the air. Having in view a definite object, they came in an influx of power sufficient to effect it. They established organizations similar to the Primitive Church, and raised up, in the East, thousands and. tens of thousands of people to the Christ life of Celibacy, Peace, Vegetarianism and Community of Goods. What more did Jesus do ? What more do we attain unto? Those messengers came from the sphere that Jesus ascended into when He went up ' far above all heavens ' on the plane of reproduction. He went to a heaven even David had not ascended unto — that Swedenborg had not visited. The Spiritualists know not of it, for it is a path that the vulture's eye of greed and lust hath not seen, neither hath the fierce Lion of War ever trodden it. That heaven is, to the whole Spirit World, what the Holy of Holies was to the Temple. God be praised for the Resurrection Heaven and Order. It is the great mediator between God and all souls in all worlds. He speaks peace to every sentient, intelligent being. God is in this Holy Temple. Let the whole earth and all earths keep silence before Him and her. Fleshly-minded earthly men and women understand not its language, neither can they tread the measure of its holy dance. If it be objected that although other Avatars than Jesus did live and work, in their day and among their people, yet retrogression invariably followed — I ask, if a falling away has not also followed in the wake of the day and work of Jesus 1 The Primitive Church has existed in the Spirit World only, for nearly two thousand years. The Celibate Monastic Institutions of the East compare favorably with those of the West, either past or present. Whence the Christian wars and fightings of the worshipers of Jesus, but from their unchristian lusts of generation? Is there any vital characteristic difference between Trinitarians and the Skeptical classes ? Is not our last forlorn Hope in Mother Ann Lee, and 'the followers to be wondered at' who are with her? Each one received a revelatioii from the Christ Heavens, constituting them God's witnesses for a New 44 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Dispensation, in which there is neither male nor female, rich, nor poor, bond nor free — all being one, in all things pertaining to the world that was, is, and is to come. Reformers are witnesses on the reproductive plane. They contend for its truths. Avatars are Saviors, to resurrect souls from the work of propagation. Please let us understand each other aright, before we assume a disagreement, having no existence, except in the minds of misleading spirits. I am yours, brotherly, F. W. Evans