PRIMARY MATERIALIZATIONS ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE Vague thoughts and theoretical ideas have their place, and serve to agitate the mind, leading to deeper thought and practical knowledge ; but these should not be allowed to so absorb the mind, as to cause neglect of real, present duty, which should claim the first attention. Much has been said, and written, concerning the origin of animals, races, and tribes of men and women of olden time. It is not of so much vital import to us, to know whence we came, and to understand the ancestral history of those who have preceded us, as to know where we are to-day, and whither we are tending. Yet it is pleasant, and often very instructive, to go back upon history, and study the records of our antecedents ; to note the noble thoughts, and unselfish deeds of those who have lived for humanity more than for worldly honor and fame, and who did their work and were gathered to their fathers in peace ; from them we can take important lessons. All agree that there was a time when man and woman were created ; but the mode by which they were created, and first brought into existence, still remains a knotty question to be solved. We think of God, as unchangeable in His nature and attributes ; that by prescience— seeing the end from the beginning—He prescribed laws which would be adequate to guide and govern the outward world of matter, also of races of intelligent beings, adapted to age and circumstances, subject to change of modes of application to meet conditions, but unalterable in their nature. The idea, that the world of matter changed from the liquid, or the gaseous to solids, which contained seeds of vegetable life, from which trees.and plants were evolved, then the lowest form of animal life up to man, the highest, upon whose brow God placed His signet—reasoning powers—as a distinguishing mark from all inferior creatures, to some minds, appears rational: but precisely how the first parents of our race were evolved, or made up, is difficult to comprehend. We can understand how certain kinds of animals may become extinct; but that they should change into other species of animals is less clear. A fish remains a fish from age to age ;—the lion continues a lion ; and the lamb is still a lamb. And it occurs to us that the Anakims of ancient history were not so much like the ape, in stature at least, as men and women of the present generation. The theory that God made man of the dust of earth, and formed him as the potter forms a jug, then breathed into him, and caused him to live—according to Bible history—requires a stretch of credulity. That God had His method of creation we do not doubt; nor that there may have been periods, when by the laws of expansion and development there were generic conceptions, and the great womb of nature brought forth species of animals, or tribes, and races of men and women, is possible, if not to our minds comprehensible. If under the law of materialization, as some persons now claim, one man and woman could be organized, and brought forth in a state of full manhood, by the operation of the same law, any number of men and women might be thus created. Then the queries would arise : ' Why did not the same law continue to operate? What caused the change ? ' If we accept Bible history, we must admit that the law of materialization, or transfiguration, has at times been in force, in some form, down through the ages, which has generally been accepted as a miracle working power—permission—rather than in accord with established law. That there is a law by which spirits appear with materialized bodies we cannot dispute. Whether that law extends only to those who have once inhabited mortal forms, and been dwellers on our earth, causing a re-union of spirit with matter, or whether it admits of new creations,is a question. If it be argued that the law is broad and strong enough to form new creations, then we might ask : ' Why is the race permitted to multiply as it now does, entailing misery upon added millions yearly, who are forced into existence without their own consent?' If the evils which curse humanity to-day THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 29 are obnoxious to and reprehensible in the sight of God, why does He not make an end of sin and sinners, and commence anew— start a new race upon the earth ? If ' He is able to raise up children unto Abraham from stones,' is He not able to bring forth the full grown tree, also men who will be able to do His will, without so many severe conflicts in life ? Projectors of ideas are at work, and many theories are advanced upon the subject, by scientists, philosophers and spiritual mediums. We listen to them all with interest, but await further proof before we decide who holds the key to unlock the mystery.