The Children's Grotto Dear Editor — We have read in our Manifesto that it would please you to hear from the children... Shaker Station, Conn, Jan. 10,1880 Dear Editor — We have read in our Manifesto that it would please you to hear from the children. We want to tell you we are trying to be good, obedient girls, for we know that is the way to make good Christians. We often read of our dear Mother Ann and her sufferings, and wonder if we would be as patient and forbearing with the wicked people who so cruelly persecuted her as she was ! or whether, if the mobs were to come now, would we or not leave our home, friends, and the life we live should they persecute us ever so much! We think too of the many poor children roaming through the streets without shelter or friends, and we cannot express our love and thankfulness to our good brethren and sisters for their kindness toward us ; and we know we can repay them in no better way than obeying the kindly advice they so often give us. We would like our love, and pledge to be faithful, given to all the little girls you see and know through the Manifesto who are trying with us to grow up in the way God would have us. With much love for yourself and The Shaker Manifesto, we remain your affectionate children, Maria Lafayette, aged 12. Cora Pranklyn, aged 11. Hattie Terryson, aged 10. Maria Lafayette, Cora Pranklyn, Hattie Terryson A little girl in Ithaca described an elephant as... A little girl in Ithaca described an elephant as 'the thing that kicks up with its nose.' Pay Day will Come He did not think, when sowing those wild oats in his youth, how uncomfortable the gritty oat-meal would prove for his aged teeth. Congregationalist A little girl passing the Washington statue lately... A little girl passing the Washington statue lately, asked a lady with her, if Washington was buried there, ' No,' said the lady. ' Where is he buried?' said the little girl. ' I don't know,' said the lady. ' Then 1 guess you don't read your Bible much,' said little innocence.