ONE JOURNEY CATHARINE ALLEN To what extent man is a predestined being and must act as a passive machine under the hand of fate, or to what degree the gift of free agency enables him to mark out the chart of his own destiny, there are a variety of opinions ; but that the soul is immortal and is granted but one privilege to pass through the school-days of earthly experience, is almost universally accepted, save by the hoary-locked nations of the Orient who still cling to the idea of transmigration. We, who are young, and just entering upon the pilgrimage of real life, should remember that we have only one journey,—once to live our time on earth, and once to cross the river, dark or shining, as our lives shall make it, which divides time from eternity. Considering this, how promptly and earnestly should we learn the lessons which are marked for us each day in the book of life; every one in its season,as its leaves successively turn, bearing in mind that the attainments of to-morrow are dependent on the efforts of to-day, and are related to them as the blossom is to the bud, and the fruit to the blossom. The hours wanted to-day will surely crowd their burdens on the morrow. How cheerfully we should fulfill with consecrated faithfulness each duty as presented ; for we shall never have another opportunity so favorable ; the same cannot recur; but however small in itself a duty may have been, a principle and motive, right or wrong, have been employed, and have left their impress on the character. Conscious of an eternal future existence, and that our relation together, as human beings, is such that no one can sorrow or joy entirely independently of others, and that happiness, in every sphere, is proportionate to the degree in which others participate with us, should, we not, as rational beings, through most benevolent motives, so to live as to benefit others, just as far as our influence may extend,-—thus make that future desirable to meet ? Along the journey of life are many hills of difficulty which all must climb. If we should meet a feeble one caught among thorns or impeded by rocks, and heedlessly pass by, without extending a helping hand or making any effort to clear the way, would not the thorns of a reproving conscience sting us deeper than those of a briery bush ? We might repent, and aid every other needy one we should meet; but the thought of the one left behind, perhaps to perish, would, follow with lingering remorse. Again, the darksome valleys of suffering PAGE. I PAGE. One Journey, - - • - - - -25 A Purported Communication' from a Shaker Spirit, 3i&gt; Thoughts Relative to a Religious Communistic Our Living Redeemer, 37 Life ------- 26 Debts, ... ... 37 Saintly Communion. - - - - . 27 Editorial: Memento Mori, ------ 27 The New Gospel of Christ, 38 Primary Materializations, - - - - 28 The Constitution of Zion, - - - - 39 Consecrated Labor, - - - - - 29 Editorial Notes, ----- 40-41 Among the Shakers — II, - - - - 29 Correspondence, ------ 41 ' Stand fob the Right,1' - - - - 31 Society Record, ----- 44 Begin the New Yeah right, - - - 31 The Children's Grotto, - - - - - 44 'Not AS I will,' - - - - - -32 Music: Dancing in Worship, ----- 32 Home of Liberty, ----- 45 The Curse Removed, - - - - - 32 Rook Table, - - - - - - 46 The Communion of Saints, ?A Homb Topics, ------ 40 The Good Work Going On, - - - - 34 Emersonian, ------- 47 Mouth Virtue, ------ 35 Bad. Ambition, ------ 48 Things Worth Forgetting, - - - - 35 Religion in the Life, - - - - - 48 On Belief, - - - - - - 38 26 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. and grief, which in turn each one must pass ; how often it is our privilege to place the staff of courage in the hand of a struggling brother or sister, and illume their path with the lamp of faith or beams of hope,— but if we coldly turn away, who shall measure the responsibility that will rest upon us if that sorrowing one should fall by the way 1 or to whom should we look for help in time of need ? It is not the benefit which we alone might bestow that is withheld, for angel guardians are ever hovering near ; with clearer vision than that of mortal eyes, they see the needs of all; it is they who often prompt the kindly word and deed, using us only as their instruments. Hence how careful we should ever be to do the right. We scatter seeds wherever we go along the winding paths of life; if the plants of envy, contention, and sorrow spring up, we may sow again of better seed, but can never cause those to yield the fruit of union, peace or joy. We all have one goal to attain. If we stray from the road that leads thereunto, we may retrace our steps, but it will hinder us just that much on our journey. Eternity is long, but time is not the less precious! No deed can be undone, no word recalled ; even silent thoughts bear an eternal impress upon the being. On the walls of the spirit's temple is photographed every feeling and motive of the heart. These pictures will retain exact form and hue long after the works of art performed by mortal hand have faded. It is a matter of individual choice with all, whether these walls are adorned with glory and beauty, or defaced with that which brings pain and disgrace. As children of one parentage, working together for one cause, it is our especial duty and privilege to sustain and bless each other ; to make duty's path one of pleasure ; to strew flowers along the way which others may gather ; to reap advantages from all the incidents of life, by making them opportunities for conquest of the spirit of love over that of selfishness ; then when our slumbering forms are laid beneath the arch of death and our spirits wake in eternity, as we look back to the shores of time we shall never regret that we had only one journey. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.