THE CONSTITUTION OF ZION To our mind, the signification of Zion is paramount to Excelsior, while all Scripture allusions to it fill the definition of its being highest, chief, superior over all, best. As Mt. Zion of old overtopped all surrounding hills geographically, so were those who should constitute the inhabitants of spiritual Mt. Zion to excel in the righteousness of life those living upon lower and inferior hills or planes. The call of Shakerism to all who would be constituents of it is to engage so deeply in the renunciation of self and selfishness as to be superior in all that constitutes true, radical Christianity. It is not simply a call upon individuals to put away fleshly lusts, while permitting these same individuals to revel in other lusts, which, if not so bad, are at least secondary, and just as unconstitutional for Zion's inhabitants to engage in ; but rather, 'sparing not one single idol,' it includes in its peremptory call, departures from all lusts—lower practices and loves—and to the engagements in every most excellent, Christian practice, excelled by no inhabitant living upon a lower plane than Mt. Zion. Thus, looking for the most excellent 40 THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. lives to form the constituency of the most spiritual Zion on earth, we shall see the relinquishment of all lusts — lusts for the flesh, lusts for farms and barns, lusts for pre-eminence in any thing over the brethren of Zion; lusts for power, for earthly pleasures, whether wrought out by the palate, the eye, ear, nose or feelings—discarding the lusts, share all blessings as a common brotherhood of Christ should, to the highest advancements of every spiritual, Zion characteristic. And what will be the result? ' Look upon Zion, the city of our solemnities! Thine eyes shall see Jerusalem a quiet habitation,' etc. Arise, brethren, and would-be brethren. Let none come to our Zion with a purer life testimony than we have and than we live. Let none present a more abiding, peaceful joy. Let ours be an unexcelled, united inheritance, where each rather seeks another's welfare than his or her own; and let 'unspottedness from the world' mean with us a resurrection above all envyings, jealousies, accusings, strivings for personal prides and exaltations above our fellows ; then this will be Zion, and Zion will be our home.