EDITORIAL THE NEW GOSPEL OF CHRIST: SHAKER TEACHINGS The faith and practices which Shakerism would present for the acceptance of all who feel able to engage in them are mainly founded upon the life and teachings of Jesus, the Christ of yore. Whatever additions Shakerism attaches to those taught and lived by the good Jesus, we claim have been introduced by a second advent of the same Christ Spirit, not through the man Jesus, but through the testimony and life of a woman — a simple, good woman — Ann Lee. In all presentations of Shakerism for the acceptance or rejection of those who read or hear, we want to be distinctly understood that there will be nothing presented that does not find its justification and proof in the life of Jesus, the Christ, and in His testimony to His disciples. Shakerism, in contradistinction to the popular theologies of this age, teaches a new gospel of Cheist—one founded upon the life of Christ Jesus, while discarding every semblance of the theory that there is any virtue in the death or blood of Jesus, enacted or shed upon Calvary, and only joying in His death, as He died unto a sinful or inferior life of the world. He died for us, in that He died unto sjn and worldly good, to be our exampler by our following after. He lived for us—and in this living Christ, living like Christ, living after Christ's life — is the grand announcement of Shakerism to the world, and its testimony, that there is no other effectual way of Christian salvation and redemption but by living as Christ lived. As Jesus relied not upon mere articles of a dead faith, but upon works of daily self-denial to all worldly indulgencies, good and bad alike, so does Shukerism warn against a faith in any death excepting a death unto sin and the world, which means every time a life like Christ's, as resurrected not only above sinfulness, but above the very best estate of a worldly-good life. Perversion of the good is sin; excessive indulgence in any lawful, worldly good is sin; the violation of any law of God, whether known or unknown, is sin ; and all these perversions, excesses and violations will be avoided as sins. But Shakerism, which is but another name for radical Christianity, would begin its work of resurrection with those who have ceased to sin, who are living the best of worldly lives; who, like the young Jew of old, have kept the laws of nature 'from their youth up,' yet agonize for a perfection of Christ not found anywhere in the best good of a worldly life. Shakerism would, of course, first save its adherents from sin by cutting them off from both the good and the bad of a worldly life; then it would present the superior claims of the actual Christ life, which the immediate disciples of Jesus adopted in following their Master, and which life Paul ' followed hard after,' and succeeded so well in living, while unwarrantably permitting those he taught to live in the flesh, and as neither THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 39 Jesus' disciples, nor himself did nor could live as Christians. Therefore, marriage may be counted, properly lived, as a worldlygood life — a life for 'the children of the world,' —but Christ could not live it, did not live it, but lived far superior to it, and as His followers Christians must discard it, however good, or they are so far from being Christians. Private Property : Christianity nowhere recognizes the right to any private property. To the upright Jew it taught a perfection superior to Judaism, by 'go and sell all that thou hast, then come and follow me! ' There is only equality in the household of Christ—all who are Christians will fare and share alike, which will dissipate the terms my and mine, rich and poor. ' Oh, that would be joyful! ' Where can there be any thing right in having rich members and poor members in any church or family of Christ? Such are not Christians. Peace : As above illustrated, Christianity does not bring peace to earthly practices, nor to those who indulge in them; but exterminating these as with a sword, there follows a peace that passeth all worldly understanding of that term, and ' the love and life of Christ constraineth us ' to live as brethren in harmony. Separation' from the world — Separate from its lusts, unspotted by its loves, 'freed from the civil law,' because living superior to it—'rendering unto Caesar the things that belong to him,' but having a citizenship and superior allegiance to a 'kingdom not of this world' — relinquishing the follies, fashions, policies and politics of a civil, worldly life. Shakerism teaches of the new gospel of Christ—that Christ's life was not of the worldly order, but heavenly, and as was the Master's, so must ours be if we are His servants. 'All cannot receive this saying ' — all cannot be Christians — 'but whosoever can receive it, let him,' for it is his or her bounden duty to do so. THE CONSTITUTION OF ZION To our mind, the signification of Zion is paramount to Excelsior, while all Scripture allusions to it fill the definition of its being highest, chief, superior over all, best. As Mt. Zion of old overtopped all surrounding hills geographically, so were those who should constitute the inhabitants of spiritual Mt. Zion to excel in the righteousness of life those living upon lower and inferior hills or planes. The call of Shakerism to all who would be constituents of it is to engage so deeply in the renunciation of self and selfishness as to be superior in all that constitutes true, radical Christianity. It is not simply a call upon individuals to put away fleshly lusts, while permitting these same individuals to revel in other lusts, which, if not so bad, are at least secondary, and just as unconstitutional for Zion's inhabitants to engage in ; but rather, 'sparing not one single idol,' it includes in its peremptory call, departures from all lusts—lower practices and loves—and to the engagements in every most excellent, Christian practice, excelled by no inhabitant living upon a lower plane than Mt. Zion. Thus, looking for the most excellent 40 THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. lives to form the constituency of the most spiritual Zion on earth, we shall see the relinquishment of all lusts — lusts for the flesh, lusts for farms and barns, lusts for pre-eminence in any thing over the brethren of Zion; lusts for power, for earthly pleasures, whether wrought out by the palate, the eye, ear, nose or feelings—discarding the lusts, share all blessings as a common brotherhood of Christ should, to the highest advancements of every spiritual, Zion characteristic. And what will be the result? ' Look upon Zion, the city of our solemnities! Thine eyes shall see Jerusalem a quiet habitation,' etc. Arise, brethren, and would-be brethren. Let none come to our Zion with a purer life testimony than we have and than we live. Let none present a more abiding, peaceful joy. Let ours be an unexcelled, united inheritance, where each rather seeks another's welfare than his or her own; and let 'unspottedness from the world' mean with us a resurrection above all envyings, jealousies, accusings, strivings for personal prides and exaltations above our fellows ; then this will be Zion, and Zion will be our home. EDITORIAL NOTES: Queries and Answers G. W. T. — The story in the Christian Union- for Christmas we pronounced silly in our January number because it was untrue, as well as misleading. We have grown up from early childhood among the Shakers, and we know of none who keep Christmas more in keeping with the honor of Him who was the first simple, pure-minded, celibate, illustrious Shaker Jesus, born Christmas, beginning the so-called Christian era. Sometime we may give the details of how rigidly we were called upon in our early days to make peace with our brethren on that day, and the remembrance of the poor was just as rigidly and practically set forth. We will write Editor McCormick, and as you are a reader of that paper, we invite you and others to read that otherwise excellent Union, dropping the 'Christian.' C. Lawrence. — You ask: ' Do we separate husband and wife in our Shaker families?' We answer emphatically that we never did such an act. Married people, before uniting with our institution, settle that point between themselves — henceforth to renounce the civil compact of husband and wife, and to accept as a superior substitute the Christly relationship of brother and sister, after Christ-life pattern; our interference in behalf of the desired spiritual progress of the parties does not begin until that question is settled between them favorable to Shakerism. Jno. C. J. —Certainly. Any one having property when joining the Society can retain the principal of the same urftil they choose to consecrate the same ' to charitable and religious purposes,' after Shaker signification of what these purposes are. It will pay to make the trial—will you try it? 'Mrs. S. C. Gatling.'—Concerning literary opportunities among the Shakers we cannot give you any extensive encouragements. We purpose a soul preparation to meet Christ in His glory, and not for the mental illumination for any official capacity or ' kingdom of this world.' We fear you are on the wrong track. We are a Christian institution, and have no time nor opportunities for the superior literary attainments. If you or friends unite with us we will not ask nor concern ourselves of what denomination you have sailed under, but will simply ask you to 'put your hands to work,' as we do, and 'give your hearts to God ' as we ought to. Mary Evans. — Thanks for compliments upon Manifesto. Please consult pamphlet, 'Plain Talks!' for the balance of your THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 41 questions. As our bishops have pronounced the little work ' a valuable medium of our faith,' we feel partially paid for endeavor upon it, and would present it with our kindest hopes to many who would know more of us. Notice to Everybody We have been kindly and handsomely paid with cost price of a copy of The Manifesto, to be sent to every individual applying for it. We express kind thanks in behalf of all- applying, and will send a copy to all who apply within thirty days of this notice. Special Notice Parties who desire to introduce friends to the Society of Shakers, or to get personal answers, at Watervliet, N. Y., at (P. O.) Shakers, N. Y., will be more kindly responded to by addressing ' Novitiate Elders of Shakers, Shakers, N. Y.,' than by addressing the editor of this paper. Having been transferred, we make this appeal as favorable both to ourselves and correspondents. Do not address the editor of Shaker Manifesto upon the introduction of friends or other personal matters.