Home Topics Some one has judiciously pointed out that... Some one has judiciously pointed out that a large quantity of the acid which exists in rhubarb, gooseberries, currants, and other fruits, may be judiciously corrected by use of a small quantity of carbonate of soda, without affecting their flavor. To an ordinary sized pie or pudding as much soda may be added as, piled up, will cover a shilling, or even twice such a quantity, if the fruit is very sour. If this little hint is attended to, many a stomach ache will be prevented and a vast quantity of sugar saved, because when the acid is neutralized by the soda it will not require so much sugar to render the tart sweet. How TO detect Poison Ivy The annoying casualty, which confined Judge Noah Davis to a sick-room the other day, might have been avoided if the eminent jurist had paid as much attention to the small as to the large things of life. The poison ivy and the innocuous kind differ in one particular which is too easy of remembrance to be overlooked by any one who is interested in thebrilliant-hued leaves of autumn to care for gathering them : the leaves of the former grow in clusters of three and those of the latter in fives. As somebody has suggested in a juvenile story-book, every child should be taught to associate the five leaves in a cluster with the fingers on the human hand, and given to understand that when these numbers agree they can be brought into contact with perfect safety. It may spare our readers no little suffering to bear this point in mind during their October rambles in the fields. Syracuse Herald. Cutting Glass with Scissors .—Many persons may not be aware that glass can be cut under water, with great ease, to almost any shape, by simply using a pair of shears or strong scissors. In order to insure success two points must be attended to — first and most important, the glass must be kept quite level in the water while the scissors are applied, and, secondly, to avoid risk, it is better to begin the cutting by taking off small pieces at the corners THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. and along the edges, and so reduce the shape gradually to that required, as if any attempt is made to cut the glass all at once to the shape as we would cut a piece of cardboard, it will most likely break just where it is not wanted. Some kinds of glass cut much better than others, the softer glasses being the best for this purpose. The scissors need not be at all sharp, as their action does not appear to depend on the state of the edge presented to the glass. When the operation goes on well, the glass breaks away from the scissors in small pieces in a straight line with the blades. This method of cutting glass has often been of service when a diamond has not been at hand, for cutting ovals and segments, and though the edges are not so smooth as might be desired for some purposes, yet it will answer in a great many cases. The two hints given above, if strictly followed, will always insure success.