ON BELIEF G. Q. Few men know what manner of spirit they are of. A man's real belief is not made up of sundry words which he has learned from his father, or heard from the preacher, or read in a book ; but it is made up of those things unto which he squares his inner and only-to-himself known life, of wish and thought and deed. If this were otherwise, then many true believers might be made out of parrots and cockatoos and starlings ; nay, we might have ravens members of the New Jerusalem; for a raven, with his tongue split early, will talk as plainly and as manlike as Christians do, who, with divided tongues, speak of Christ and love and heaven and prayer, and so forth. The true belief of every man is that rule and system according to which his inner hidden aims work themselves forth into deed. Thus every one's belief makes a part of himself; nay, is his very self. No teaching passes into his belief until it becomes himself, and so becomes of him his own. That they do the Father's will, know of the doctrine ; others do not know, but they have 'heard say.' For instance, he believes innerly in baptism who washes with the water of truth that skin of him which he calls his consciousness, and who puts away its filth by ever checking himself with the ten commandments. He believes in the resurrection of the dead, who himself passes from death to life, by following those commands which lead to life, because they forbid the ways to death. He believes in hell who has found hell in himself, at this or that time and place, and at many times and places, and knows that this or that thing which he lias wished or done is of hell, and is hell. He believes in heaven in whom heaven is. He believes in the hidden Father, in whom love true and real—not fear or self-love, or the hope of fat things hereafter—has at last come to be a secret, invisible Father to all that is in him. He believes in the Word, who, by following the Word and its laws, is coming into that belief in the Father. He believes in the Holy Breath whose life breathes forth only the holy. He believes that these Three are one, who shapes his likings till they be one with law, and makes his deeds to be one with law. He believes in judgment to come, who, day by day, judges himself, well sifting the outer from the inner, the light from the solid, the chaff from the corn. He believes in the Holy Supper whose tastes feed on uprightness, and whose mind drinks in the true. He believes in the only-begotten Son, whose daily life springs from God and not from the devil; no other man than he believes on that name or receives the Son and a sonship. In a word, there is no belief real save that which is wrought forth into the real ; and nowhere but in the real can any truth be realized. For belief and faith and all those good things that Christians do so love to exercise the tongue upon, are like the plans of builders ; true, beautiful, harmonious, logical ; the integral calculus may lie at the bottom of them, and were they false, there might be no possible equation for an asymptote ; but for all this, unless they be carried out in stone, wood, brick and iron they are castles in the air, and tend not to edification. It is well to know and be sure of this, though with never so clear a knowledge, it still may be that a man will never prate a word the less about religion, or baulk the inward devil of a single deed. ' .,' in N. J. Messenger.