Elder F. W. Evans: Dear Sir— As I had the pleasure of hearing you speak at Lake View on... Greenville, Mercer Co., Pa., Dec. 25, 1879&gt; Elder F. W. Evans: Dear Sir— As I had the pleasure of hearing you speak at Lake View on the Book of Revelations, I was pleased with the last part, it was so different from the interpretation generally given. I would like to see it in print for future reference. You say the Bible is nothing but history, and you believe only what agrees with your theory. But, if it is not an inspired book, why do you take it to prove that your opinion of Revelations is correct? And, if that book gives so much light on the future, why is not Daniel, with the books of the Apostles, equal in importance as a guide for the future ? As you seem to be well posted on the Scriptures, will you please give me and many others, some new light from the Prophet Esdras, second Book in Apocrypha ? Why is not this prophecy as important as that of Daniel ? It is later, and a continuance of his prophecy. I will call your attention to some points, beginning at chapter 6 — 7 to 10 verses — also chapter 7 —41 to 45 — chapter 8 — 1 to 4 —chapter 12 — 11 to 15 —chapter 14—9 to 14 and 44 to end. These I think very important to all liv. ing at this age. And also chapter 15 — 14 to 21. Is not this fulfilling at this time? And chapter 16 — 15 to 21------35 to 36 and 62 to end of chapter. Does not this take us down to the Second Appearing of Christ in person, as given by Peter, Acts 1 — 10 to 14 ? Now, as the Book of Esdras is not in the Bible, but set aside by man, it becomes to us only as history to three hundred and fifty years before Christ; and gives us more light than any other prophet from Daniel to the present time. Now, sir, will you please look over the whole Book of Second Esdras, and give us more light to help the mass of Church members into a higher life of truth and morality ? Will there be minutes printed of the meeting at Lake Chautauqua ? and will the speeches be printed in them, or separate ? I want a copy of all, when they can be had. I will now call your attention to a few verses in Matthew, chapter 24 —15 to 21 to 26, 30,32. Is this in the past, or yet to come ? Also, Mark, chapter 13 —14, 15, 19, 20, 26, 27 and 35 to end of chapter. I think this is all in the future, and it will be well with all who have part in the first resurrection. But I cannot see any life between death and the resurrection; but people are to wax worse and worse, until He comes and sets up his Kingdom here on earth. Then there will be only one faith, one Lord, one Baptism — and one people, of every nation, to worship the only true God. Yours, in the Light of Truth, S. R. Breed, M. D.