Correspondence Elder F. W. Evans: Dear Sir— As I had the pleasure of hearing you speak at Lake View on... Greenville, Mercer Co., Pa., Dec. 25, 1879&gt; Elder F. W. Evans: Dear Sir— As I had the pleasure of hearing you speak at Lake View on the Book of Revelations, I was pleased with the last part, it was so different from the interpretation generally given. I would like to see it in print for future reference. You say the Bible is nothing but history, and you believe only what agrees with your theory. But, if it is not an inspired book, why do you take it to prove that your opinion of Revelations is correct? And, if that book gives so much light on the future, why is not Daniel, with the books of the Apostles, equal in importance as a guide for the future ? As you seem to be well posted on the Scriptures, will you please give me and many others, some new light from the Prophet Esdras, second Book in Apocrypha ? Why is not this prophecy as important as that of Daniel ? It is later, and a continuance of his prophecy. I will call your attention to some points, beginning at chapter 6 — 7 to 10 verses — also chapter 7 —41 to 45 — chapter 8 — 1 to 4 —chapter 12 — 11 to 15 —chapter 14—9 to 14 and 44 to end. These I think very important to all liv. ing at this age. And also chapter 15 — 14 to 21. Is not this fulfilling at this time? And chapter 16 — 15 to 21------35 to 36 and 62 to end of chapter. Does not this take us down to the Second Appearing of Christ in person, as given by Peter, Acts 1 — 10 to 14 ? Now, as the Book of Esdras is not in the Bible, but set aside by man, it becomes to us only as history to three hundred and fifty years before Christ; and gives us more light than any other prophet from Daniel to the present time. Now, sir, will you please look over the whole Book of Second Esdras, and give us more light to help the mass of Church members into a higher life of truth and morality ? Will there be minutes printed of the meeting at Lake Chautauqua ? and will the speeches be printed in them, or separate ? I want a copy of all, when they can be had. I will now call your attention to a few verses in Matthew, chapter 24 —15 to 21 to 26, 30,32. Is this in the past, or yet to come ? Also, Mark, chapter 13 —14, 15, 19, 20, 26, 27 and 35 to end of chapter. I think this is all in the future, and it will be well with all who have part in the first resurrection. But I cannot see any life between death and the resurrection; but people are to wax worse and worse, until He comes and sets up his Kingdom here on earth. Then there will be only one faith, one Lord, one Baptism — and one people, of every nation, to worship the only true God. Yours, in the Light of Truth, S. R. Breed, M. D. S. R. Breed, M. D. : Dear Friend — Yours, of the 25th ult. at hand... Mt. Lebanon, Jan. 2,1880 S. R. Breed, M. D. : Dear Friend — Yours, of the 25th ult. at hand. Perhaps you remember, I separated the Book of Revelations from the rest of the Bible. God knoweth them that are His. When we have THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. a revelation in our own souls, we recognize revelation in other souls. Scriptures should be used to illustrate and confirm revelation. To substitute authority for truth is the unmistakable mark of the beast. Should the Almighty say to me, believe this, or that, with reverence and humility, I would say, please show me the why and wherefore — give me evidence. If, by investigation and research from below, and inspiration and revelation from above, I form opinions and come to settled principles of belief and action, and then upon referring to some book in the various collections called Bibles, Holy Bibles, etc., should find those opinions had been entertained by a writer hundreds or thousands of years ago, and those principles clearly set forth and illustrated, might I not come to the conclusion that such writer had been baptized with the same Christ Spirit that I have been baptized with? Daniel was a Christ Prophet, and so was Esdras. We are not entirely .unacquainted with them. I have looked over the Scriptures in Esdras you refer to, and am much interested in your selections. It is almost precisely what we should make of them. The New Testament selection and your interpretation thereof are of the Orthodoi class. Of course, I differ from you. Your basic idea of God — the Hebrew God — of Christ, Atonement, Resurrection, Kingdom of Heaven, etc. What I suppose you hold as sacred, we would call the old Heavens that are even now passing away with a great noise. See what Ingersoll and his fellows do with the Orthodox heavens, or theology ! A Shaker hears him and indorses most that he has to say, knowing that neither hit God, Christ, nor the Scriptures have suffered at his hands. Behold I create a New Earth and New Heavens, for the former earth and heavens have passed away, and there shall be no more sea nor world, because the city of Babylon and the sea, or world, out of which it arose, is dissolved and resolved into three parts — First, a new Civil Government, purely secular,with members representing both parts of the population — male and female —holding land for all, both present and prospective population of the country, as belonging to all. Poverty abolished. Disease and all sickness abolished, no one saying ' I am sick.' Wars no more, as there would be nothing to fight about. This will be the New Earth to generate human beings by strictly confining sexuality to propagation, as do the brute beasts. Second, The Celibate order of intellectual men and women to fill Civil Government offices, leaving the married to take care of their families at home. Under such conditions, population would increase at a rapid rate, doubling each twenty-five years, there being no Infant mortality before, nor after birth. In one century, what would the country do with 1,000,000,000 of people to begin doubling with ? The situation would be appalling. Here comes in part third, to regulate the whole — the Resurrection Order — the Shaker Spiritual System, to check population and hold the balance of power. It could be increased, or decreased, as occasion called for. Dear friend, I can only hint; time would not suffice to speak of all the things pertaining to the New Earth and New Heavens that are even now creating in the form of the United States Government and the United Society of Believers in Christ's Second Appearing, this having already commenced on this earth. I do not know what will be done about the speeches, but think no report will be made. I was not correctly reported. I should suppose you would be interested to visit our Society. You are not far from the Kingdom of Heaven. It exists on the earth ; and a revelation is necessary to find it. ' No man cometh to me, except the Father draw him,' said Jesus. Shall be pleased to hear from you again. Respectfully, F. W. Evans John Whiteley, Dear Friend — I have read your advertisement in the 12 mo., Shaker Manifesto... New Bedford, January 8, 1880 John Whiteley, Dear Friend — I have read your advertisement in the 12 mo., Shaker Manifesto, and I will gladly accept your offer to send me the Divine Afflatus and The Shaker Manifesto for the year 1880. I here inclose twenty-one three cent stamps to meet the expense. I would 42 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 43 say that I have taken The Shaker Manifesto for three years and it has given me great pleasure. In 12 mo. number of Shaker MANiFESTo,vpage 274, is 'Shaker Theology,' article No. 1. I should like to see more clearly defined, through The Manifesto, as I hardly know what is meant by soul death in the last line. The Orthodox idea is that death is eternal to a great part of mankind. The Adventists say that death meafis that a large portion of our race will be burnt up,.both soul and body. I cannot accept either of the above ideas, for I don't for one moment believe in the possibility of a lost soul. But I do heartily believe in the eternal progression of our race from lower to higher conditions of life, and that All will be finally holy and happy with the ever loving Father of us all. Articles two, three, four and five have my hearty assent, in which I have long believed. In conclusion I would say that I wish it were in my power to help circulate The Shaker Manifesto among the peoples, by subscribing for several copies. But I am a poor old man, and poor in this world's possessions or I certainly would. But I do wish The Shaker Manifesto hearty success in breaking down the walls of old theology, and building up the new. I remain ever yours for the truth, Caleb C. Peckham, 49 County St., New Bedford, Mass. Misleading Dear Editor: In a commentary in the last Manifesto, upon one of my articles, some, if not many, are being '' misled ' as to the doctrines I teach. I do not hold Buddah, Zoroaster, Confucius, Melchizedeck, nor John Baptist, ' as mere Reformers ' on the generative plane, like Wesley, Geo. Fox, Graham, but as Avatars sent of God and inspired from the same Christ, or resurrection heavens that Jesus was inspired and baptized from. It was effected by intelligent missionary messengers, duly sent and commissioned. They did not run as uncertain, nor fight as beating the air. Having in view a definite object, they came in an influx of power sufficient to effect it. They established organizations similar to the Primitive Church, and raised up, in the East, thousands and. tens of thousands of people to the Christ life of Celibacy, Peace, Vegetarianism and Community of Goods. What more did Jesus do ? What more do we attain unto? Those messengers came from the sphere that Jesus ascended into when He went up ' far above all heavens ' on the plane of reproduction. He went to a heaven even David had not ascended unto — that Swedenborg had not visited. The Spiritualists know not of it, for it is a path that the vulture's eye of greed and lust hath not seen, neither hath the fierce Lion of War ever trodden it. That heaven is, to the whole Spirit World, what the Holy of Holies was to the Temple. God be praised for the Resurrection Heaven and Order. It is the great mediator between God and all souls in all worlds. He speaks peace to every sentient, intelligent being. God is in this Holy Temple. Let the whole earth and all earths keep silence before Him and her. Fleshly-minded earthly men and women understand not its language, neither can they tread the measure of its holy dance. If it be objected that although other Avatars than Jesus did live and work, in their day and among their people, yet retrogression invariably followed — I ask, if a falling away has not also followed in the wake of the day and work of Jesus 1 The Primitive Church has existed in the Spirit World only, for nearly two thousand years. The Celibate Monastic Institutions of the East compare favorably with those of the West, either past or present. Whence the Christian wars and fightings of the worshipers of Jesus, but from their unchristian lusts of generation? Is there any vital characteristic difference between Trinitarians and the Skeptical classes ? Is not our last forlorn Hope in Mother Ann Lee, and 'the followers to be wondered at' who are with her? Each one received a revelatioii from the Christ Heavens, constituting them God's witnesses for a New 44 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Dispensation, in which there is neither male nor female, rich, nor poor, bond nor free — all being one, in all things pertaining to the world that was, is, and is to come. Reformers are witnesses on the reproductive plane. They contend for its truths. Avatars are Saviors, to resurrect souls from the work of propagation. Please let us understand each other aright, before we assume a disagreement, having no existence, except in the minds of misleading spirits. I am yours, brotherly, F. W. Evans