THEOLOGICAL TOBACCO . The wise Golden Rule thoughtfully says : ' We are glad that at last the cause of poor Freeman's insanity, by which his child was murdered, is discovered. By the testimony of a neighbor, it was not bad theology but tobacco.' Apropos of which we present the following: A SUSPICIOUS LOOKING ANGEL. Dominie H. was one of the old-times' circuit riders, whose rough exterior and somewhat non-society ways often obscured his real goodness of heart. One day he was caught in a shower in Illinois, and, going to a rude cabin near by, he knocked at the door. A sharp-looking old dame answered his summons. He asked for shelter. ' I don't know you,' she replied, suspiciously. ' Remember the Scriptures,' said the dominie. ' Be not forgetful to entertain strangers, for thereby some have entertained angels unawares.' ' ' You needn't say that,' quickly returned the other; ' no angel would come down here with a big quid of tobacco in his mouth ! ' She shut the door in his face, leaving the good man to the mercy of the rain and his own reflections. A Turkish Belief.— ' The Turks,' says a correspondent of the Observer, writing from their midst, ' are believers in the second advent of Christ. It is a common remark among them now that the prophetic indications of His coming, as given in their books, are being manifested. These signs are general distress and suffering, disorder, war, rebellion, the decline of the true faith, general corruption, oppression, etc. He is to descend at Damascus, become a genuine Moslem, and during the forty years of His earthly career He is to secure great prosperity, and peace shall be so complete as to extend even to the lower orders of creation, as described in Isaiah. The advent of Christ is to be succeeded by other wonders in rapid succession, and then the end of the world is to come. This is the belief of all orthodox Mohammedans, and considering the belief, it is not strange that the devout among them are looking for the end of the world. During no period of their recent history have the signs above mentioned been so fully realized as at present.' It will usually be found that those who are grossly vicious in manhood dropped a seed of vice in the morning of life ; that the fallen youth who was religiously trained and has become corrupt, broke off his connection with the virtuous ways just where he did a very wicked thing in boyhood. Here is a fact to be pondered. The oldest man in the prison could not say that childhood and youth had no connection with his present condition. Perhaps he could point to the very day and hour when he decided his present character. Sel. Has any one permitted himself to make use of injurious expressions respecting you? Reply to him by blessings. Does he treat you ill? Be patient. Does he reproach you? Is the reproach just ? If it be, condemn yourself; if not, it is but a breath of air. Flattery could not really impart a merit to you if you have it not, nor calumny give you faults that you do not actually possess. Does he tax you with ignorance ? In showng yourself angry you justify the charge. Does he persecute you ? Think of Jesus Hirist. Can you ever suffer as he has suffered 1—St. Basil the Great.