REST JANE M. BRAINARD Looking around us we behold upon the face of creation an expression of harmonious rest, suggestive of comfort and quiet, without conflict. All nature is subject to divine law, and moves to immutable plans of the great Law Giver ; man only differing from other Deific attributes through the power of free agency, which has been conferred upon him above all other works of the Divine Architect. Hence we deem him, originally, the most perfect of all God's handiwork. But per force of his free agency he has wandered from his divine origin, and restlessness and dissatisfaction are the evident results. Not in mature minds only is this unrest apparent, for we often see it in the tiny infant; it dawns with life and seems to follow its course from the cradle to the grave ; and many come in and go out of existence in this life without knowing the THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 59 blessing of rest, sweet rest! But as law and precision govern the entire universe, man, with all his obstinacy, must succumb to the natural law of his finite being, and in harmony with all creation yield to the attractions of the stronger powers of light, and thus grow away from darkness into the stronger elements of light. That light is stronger than darkness, is evident to every intelligent mind, not only materially speaking, but spiritually, also ; and by reason of this plain fact mankind have in many instances been caused to avoid dark ways and places and have been drawn towards the light of a new life that would take them back to God ; for the precious soul belongs to its Maker, and can never find justification in material things beyond the use and not the abuse of the things of time. We know there are causes for unrest to our bodies ; but if our minds are at peace with God these can easily be borne. How many have wandered to and fro through earth's domain in pursuit of rest, but finding it not, because their interior lives were at variance with the higher principles of true Christianity. Artificial means may serve to allay the fiercer feelings of unrest for the time being ; but these soon pass away leaving the soul that has become estranged from its Creator like the troubled sea, that is constantly casting up mire and dirt. But, One has said, ' Come unto me all ye that are weary and heavy laden, and I will give you rest.' This is a beautiful invitation and I feel that it has reached my soul in the fullness of its true meaning ; and any response shall be a practical devotion to the principles of true Christianity. By so living I shall ever remain a participant in that heavenly rest which the prophet said remained for the people of God. And while I feel an inward gratitude daily welling up in my soul for the spiritual baptism I have received, I would not be selfish in the possession of my heavenly treasures, nor unmindful of those without the pale of Christ's kingdom, who perhaps if they knew the way and had the invitation would gladly enter the ark of safety and act well the Christian's part. To all such I would say come and learn wisdom and peace in the ways of righteousness, and share in the labors and blessings of the higher life. The door of the kingdom is ever ajar ; only knock and it shall be opened unto you, and you shall be made a welcome guest at the Lord's table, and fed with bread that perisheth not in this ark of heavenly rest. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.