Agricultural Broom-Corn Seed .— An exchange states that the seed of broom-corn, which has hitherto been considered useless except for planting, and an inferior article of food for cattle, has been discovered to be valuable as a breadstuff. It was first used as a substitute for wheat in 1870 and 1871, but, like many other good things, was lost sight of, and its manufacture was never carried to success, and never became even particularly known until about three years ago. The yield of flour is about one-half in place of two-thirds from wheat. The bran is also as valuable as wheat bran as a food for animals. The flour cannot be told from wheat flour, and the bread, cake, etc., is delicate, inviting and delicious, and easily digested. The yield of broom-corn seed is also enormous, a single spear often producing a pint of seed, and the yield has reached five hundred bushels to the acre, while it is safe to estimate the average at one hundred bushels. Covered Yards for Cattle .— American farmers for the most part have yet to learn the value of a covered yard for their stock. There are many days in the year when cattle could be turned into such a yard, that would otherwise be condemned on account of the weather to stand all day in the stable. The roof would prevent all waste of manure from washing, and would make the yard so cleanly and 'comfortable that the animals could lie down. In this country, where wood is cheap and almost every man sufficiently handy to be his own carpenter, we are convinced that farmers have only to see the advantages of such yards to adopt them at once. A Gardener's Secret Peter Henderson, the veteran gardener, made a very significant statement before the convention of nurserymen and florists. This statement embodies the' remarkable fact that if garden seeds, when planted in the spring, are firmly pressed, when under the earth, by the ball of the foot at the time the gardeners are putting them into the ground, they will invariably grow, drought or not drought; and what is still more important, they will spring up earlier and grow faster and mature better than any of their kind which have not been subjected to this discipline. The same rule of pressure, he says, holds true in regard to transplanting trees, shrubs and plants. This is an item of great practical value to many of our people, and especially to those who live in the suburbs. Cleveland Herald. Travellers say that the Chinese... Travellers say that the Chinese' have a method of preserving grapes so as to have them at hand during the entire year, by cutting a circular piece out of a ripe pumpkin, or gourd, making an aperture large enough to admit the hand. The interior is then completely cleaned out, the ripe grapes are then placed inside, and the cover replaced and pressed in firmly. The pumpkins are then kept in a cool place, and the grapes will be found to retain their freshness for a very long time. How to Measure the Height of Trees —When a tree stands so that the shadow can be measured, its height can be readily ascertained as follows : Set a stick upright — let it be perpendicular by the plumb line. Measure the length of the shadow of the stick. As the length of its shadow is to the height of the stick, so is the length of the shadow of a tree to its height. For instance : If the stick is four feet above the ground, and its shadow is six feet in length, and the shadow of the tree is ninety feet, its height will be sixty feet. 6 : 4 : : 90 : 60. In other words, multiply the length of the shadow of the tree by the length of the stick, and divide by the length of the shadow of the stick