THE SOWING AND THE TENDING THE HARVEST O. C. HAMPTON ' He that goeth forth and weepeth, bearing precious seed, shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with him.' When about twelve years old I began to have a dread of death — not merely when I happened casually to think of it, but I was for two years haunted almost day and night with this hideous spectre, which to me at this time was synonymous with total annihilation, as I had no faith whatever in the immortality of the soul. In my fourteenth year I was so completely wrapped in the gloomy shrouds of despair, that most of my time when alone was spent in tears, but not in prayer, for I neither knew nor cared for any God. Not knowing how to obtain any relief, and almost insane with a hopeless, secret sorrow, I consulted one of the ancient elders and sages of our institution, to discover if there was any possible escape from the horrors of my situation, other than suicide ; for I had fully made up my mind that this, my mental agony, was no longer endurable. He proposed to me a sincere confession of all my sins as a commencement of a process by which this terrible nightmare of fear and foreboding might be lifted from my mind. I saw no relation whatever between the disease and the proposed cure ; for I had never committed any sins worth naming, and I felt no conviction for what few I had committed. However, I was convinced I must do something, and so confessed all my sins honestly, and was for a short timli relieved from my awful gloom and sorrow. But it returned, and I bid defiance to mortal power to remove it. But, as I turned into my fifteenth year, I all at once blazed out into a perfect conflagration of passions, lusts, desires, appetites from the lower strata of my being, which threatened to instantly burn up and sink into the lowest hell of infamy and destruction, all my higher, purer instincts and aspirations. Accompanying this state of mind was a most profound conviction for sin, and a sense of ruin, misery and hell, so intense, that all my previous sorrow was a mere dust in the balance compared to it. As soon as I perceived this declared war of the lower elements, I mustered all my higher and holier energies to overcome and conquer these enemies of my eternal peace (for I felt they were nothing less). This surely was a terrible time. I went down into the very bottom of the Jordan, and scarcely ascended for a period of three years. A very great portion of this time I was in prayers and page. - page. The Sowing and the Tending the Harvest, - 4!&gt; Queries and Answers, ----- 65 Teachings or False Theology, Infidelity, and Radical Utterances, - - - - - 66 True Religion, - ----- 50 The Children's Grotto, 67 Unity of Faith, . ... - 51 Music: Gilbert Motier, Marquis De Lafayette, - - 52 Crown of Grace, - - - - - 68 Among the Shakers — III, - - - - 56 Home Topics,...... 69 Rest, --------58 Society Record, - - - - - ¦ - 70 Meezhahquod, ------ 59 Agricultural, ------ 70 Correspondence, ------ 61 Gems from Contemporaries, - - - - 71 Editorial : ' Puckered-Pursedness,' 72 Maintenance of Shakerism, 62 Theological Tobacco, - - - - - 72 Editorial Notes, ------ 63 50 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. tears, and for about one whole year opened my mind nearly every day, and for some weeks two or three times a day. But from the first moment of this conflict with those lower energies of my nature, every vestige of my former, youthful, sorrows, fears and agonies, fled away forever. Was there not then a congruity between the disease and the method of cure proposed by the venerable sage and good elder? For many years I was obliged, over and over, to re-enter the field of those conflicts and fight for my freedom from these lower instincts (the very worst of all tyrants); but since I first commenced this war, I do not recollect of having once yielded or compromised with my adversary. So much for Sowing.