Editorial MAINTENANCE OF SHAKERISM Can Shakerism be successfully maintained? or must it die for want of converts and supporters ? These are serious questions, affecting the world at large, more seriously than it does those who are its present advocates and earnest supporters. To those who stoutly maintain its principles, in the face of all worldly opposition, there comes a gain in salvation and redemption, which, while secured to these few, are really needed to leaven the world at large, into superior manhood and womanhood. The faithful supporters of the faith feel a security of heaven's future blessings by experiencing so large an enjoyment of these at the present time. Should the institution die, it would not seriously affect those who, having bartered away their worldly, unchristian lives, for the gain of heavenly and eternal life, are already secured to their Christian reward; but can the world at large spare the action of its testimony, the agitation of its principles, which now, more than ever in the past, are working revolutions and evolutions among governmental and churchal policies, to the end that new earths and new heavens may be inaugurated ? Let the world bear witness to the unparalleled courage, and hope and trust of a people, who, securing to themselves no earthly honors nor emoluments; who, believing that their call to the support of principles known as Shakerism was G-od's call and is to represent the salt of the earth'; who have trusted unfailingly to Providence 62 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 63 to send laborers into their field, with ' none to declare their generations ' ; whose companions, converts to a similar faith, have no inducements, but the fruits of the most active self-denials, who cannot be man-made, but must be God-made, and who yet, for more than a century, have neither known nor felt any such feeling as failure brings ; but hold unflinchingly, theirunhoneyed, unworldly, unpopular testimony to invite 'whosoever will.' Be it also known, that the Shakers are a sect, whose Church has no outer court, but whose priests and people are brought to -the same square and plummet of communal life, and this fashioned after the active cross and self-denial of Jesus, the Christ. Resolving to do duty unfailingly; determined upon no retreat from its radical, Christian cross — listening not to any worldly following to ' come down from that Cross, and all will believe on you'—but 'glorifying in whatever shame ' there may be in following the exactness of Christ's life, the Shakers have no reason to anticipate any failure of their institutions. For more than a century, their Church has stood with its indices pointing to a life superior to a worldly life, and a constant reminder of the life-example of the Master ; for this length of time it ' has been the specie basis that has upheld the paper theories ' and hopes of communal and cooperative brotherhoods, actively hinting at heavenly life on earth, and being more than ''the far-off echoes of the Primitive Christian' Church ' ; while its testimony for peace and peaceful arbitrations have been heard, acknowledged, and acted upon by the nations. From which considerations we conclude: Shakerism being the harvest of the world's good, its career is quite in its infancy. Lean though its supporters often feel; oft though they suffer the blight of disappointed hope and despondency; it is God's work, and we have only to do duty and it will stand forever. Relying solely upon the resurrection of souls out of themselves and selfishness; out from denominations which yield unsatisfactory returns ; and who, casting about for a superior religion and life in the world, but not of the world, let none repine nor worry about the continuance and maintenance of the Shaker Church. To lose heart would be to lose hope in super-excellent humanity, and of God working with humanity; for so long as there is an earnest of prayer, 'Thy kingdom come, thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven,' so long will the Shaker Church be maintained in flourishing conditions, while its glorious principles will continue actively to spread, and the fame of its founder and supporters will never be 'unknown, unhonored, nor unsung.' vv