Editorial MAINTENANCE OF SHAKERISM Can Shakerism be successfully maintained? or must it die for want of converts and supporters ? These are serious questions, affecting the world at large, more seriously than it does those who are its present advocates and earnest supporters. To those who stoutly maintain its principles, in the face of all worldly opposition, there comes a gain in salvation and redemption, which, while secured to these few, are really needed to leaven the world at large, into superior manhood and womanhood. The faithful supporters of the faith feel a security of heaven's future blessings by experiencing so large an enjoyment of these at the present time. Should the institution die, it would not seriously affect those who, having bartered away their worldly, unchristian lives, for the gain of heavenly and eternal life, are already secured to their Christian reward; but can the world at large spare the action of its testimony, the agitation of its principles, which now, more than ever in the past, are working revolutions and evolutions among governmental and churchal policies, to the end that new earths and new heavens may be inaugurated ? Let the world bear witness to the unparalleled courage, and hope and trust of a people, who, securing to themselves no earthly honors nor emoluments; who, believing that their call to the support of principles known as Shakerism was G-od's call and is to represent the salt of the earth'; who have trusted unfailingly to Providence 62 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 63 to send laborers into their field, with ' none to declare their generations ' ; whose companions, converts to a similar faith, have no inducements, but the fruits of the most active self-denials, who cannot be man-made, but must be God-made, and who yet, for more than a century, have neither known nor felt any such feeling as failure brings ; but hold unflinchingly, theirunhoneyed, unworldly, unpopular testimony to invite 'whosoever will.' Be it also known, that the Shakers are a sect, whose Church has no outer court, but whose priests and people are brought to -the same square and plummet of communal life, and this fashioned after the active cross and self-denial of Jesus, the Christ. Resolving to do duty unfailingly; determined upon no retreat from its radical, Christian cross — listening not to any worldly following to ' come down from that Cross, and all will believe on you'—but 'glorifying in whatever shame ' there may be in following the exactness of Christ's life, the Shakers have no reason to anticipate any failure of their institutions. For more than a century, their Church has stood with its indices pointing to a life superior to a worldly life, and a constant reminder of the life-example of the Master ; for this length of time it ' has been the specie basis that has upheld the paper theories ' and hopes of communal and cooperative brotherhoods, actively hinting at heavenly life on earth, and being more than ''the far-off echoes of the Primitive Christian' Church ' ; while its testimony for peace and peaceful arbitrations have been heard, acknowledged, and acted upon by the nations. From which considerations we conclude: Shakerism being the harvest of the world's good, its career is quite in its infancy. Lean though its supporters often feel; oft though they suffer the blight of disappointed hope and despondency; it is God's work, and we have only to do duty and it will stand forever. Relying solely upon the resurrection of souls out of themselves and selfishness; out from denominations which yield unsatisfactory returns ; and who, casting about for a superior religion and life in the world, but not of the world, let none repine nor worry about the continuance and maintenance of the Shaker Church. To lose heart would be to lose hope in super-excellent humanity, and of God working with humanity; for so long as there is an earnest of prayer, 'Thy kingdom come, thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven,' so long will the Shaker Church be maintained in flourishing conditions, while its glorious principles will continue actively to spread, and the fame of its founder and supporters will never be 'unknown, unhonored, nor unsung.' vv What Profiteth Celibacy? Elsewhere, our Brother D. Fraser gives answers to a candid inquirer upon the subject of Celibacy. The answers will be found to be profitable reading. We opine, however, there are vastly stronger reasons for living virgin, celibate lives, than because it tends to better health, freedom from sexual diseases, and greatly to longevity. Our brother gives the true ring at every inference that it is the 64 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. condition necessary to grow successfully into the Divine life. Celibacy per se—of itself merely—is unworthy of much commendation; and only as it is used for, and becomes, the means or even one of the means by which the Divine life, the Christ life is approached and attained unto, but little can be said in its 'favor, but rather savors of constrained selfishness. In the progress of individual Christianity it becomes and is simply and positively a necessity. None is so Christian without it, not only, but is so far from Christ practice, so far from being a Christian in this respect. We acknowledge, all cannot be christians after this manner of Christ's example, so Jesus said, and so our experience with some individuals proves. We are only sorry that this is so—that indulgencies which ruin the chasteness of the Christ life are a necessity with some, otherwise ardent strugglers after the Divine pattern. Yea, sorry are we, that the lower, animal propensities should overcome the superior elements of the angel in humanity, causing so many to be thus dissimilar to Christ. Connected with this subject, is the fact that all religious denominations, those which marry, and those which do not, pay the highest tributes of praise,singling out for especial worship and admiration, those who have lived and died 'celibates for the Kingdom of Heaven's sake.' The lip service of such praise is like very thin air; but the love of such a life, which leads individuals to live it, because it was more like Christ's life, and because this life was most like God's life, this is true praise—a genuine, worshipful adoration of God—in our lives.