Society Record SOCIETY ITEMS ' There is no death,' we happily record. Canterbury, N. H. is buying potatoes, having lost most of its crop by the rot. The slippery season has worked terribly with some of the saints here. Received from Benj. H. Smith, $12.00. Enfield, N. H. That was quite a severe loss of the North Family, to have a val uable team of horses disappear beneath the ice of their beautiful lake. We sympathize. Harvard, Mass. The experiment of heating buildings with hot water is being made at this place, and witli apparently the grandest success. Enfield, N. H. Richard Van Deusen has discovered a remedy, and sure preventive against the attacks of borers upon fruit trees. It is cheap, and so easily applied, that there ought to be a great demand for it. He may be addressed on the subject at Shaker Station, Conn. South. Union, Ky. Elder H. L. Eads learned by sad experience that he is not 'the boy of yore,' but 73 years of age, when jumping from a railroad train, ere it had fully stopped at his home, he was thrown with such violence as to break some of his ribs, and otherwise injure him. William Rankin Since ready for press we have received intelligence of the decease of Wm. Rankin, at this Society, on the 25th ult., aged 76. Watervliet, Ohio. Elder S. W. Ball we learn has been transferred to the Society at Whitewater, O. Wherever he goes, he has our unbounded respect. He is that man of whom that lovely saint, Joving sister, and loved-by-everybody-Eldress, Elizabeth Fanonce said: ' With all his faults, lie's as good as God ! ' Watervliet, N. Y. The Central Ministry arrived at this place February 11. Thousands upon thousands will hereafter miss the beautiful and shade-affording willows which adorned the entrance to the Church Family. They are no more. It is proposed to introduce an immense circular saw for lumbering purposes, with a proportionate waterwheel in the ' Great Red Mill.' This looks enterprising. Union Village, O- Received of Chas. Massey, $20.00; Chas. Clapp, $4.15. Hancock, Mass. Received of Thomas Damon, $5.00; of I. R. Lawson, $25.00. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Received of Benj. Gates, $70.50.