MEEZHAHQUOD: The Millennium of the Indians GRANVILLE T. SPROAT Many of the north-western tribes of the American Indians cherish a belief in a coming millennium—a day of universal peace and love—when the red men shall be gathered into one common league of friendship and brotherhood—a perfect Indian community. The place of meeting they call the ' Long House,' or ' Keche Wahkiegun,' and say that it will reach from one great ocean to the other. This belief was very forcibly expressed in the presence of the writer by Keche Behzeke, a chief of Chippewa nation in 1837. It was spoken in his own wigwam, in a council of chiefs, in reply to the question, ' What are the hopes of your people for the future?' It was delivered in the Indian dialect, and abounded with beautiful tropes and figures, so characteristic of the red men. We have endeavored to render the thought, with many of the metaphors expressed, into English, in the piece before us, and have chosen, as best adapted to the subject, the poetic diction. The Long House shall reach to the Gates of the Sunset... Keche Behzeka The Long House shall reach to the Gates of the Sunset; Its roof-tree shall measure from sea unto sea; The door of the wigwam shall ever stand open, To welcome all souls to the Home of the Free. The Great Spirit, from his fair home in the South Land, Shall smile on his Red Children dwelling below ; He shall scatter us corn on the mountains and valleys.* And by all the streams tender beanplants shall grow. 60 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. O'er the fair Hunting Grounds, in the Land of our Fathers, The red deer shall roam in the long summer hours; The moose and elk shall o'er broad prairies wander, And Great Kesisf kiss all the birds and the flowers. Keche NodinJ shall dwell in his cave in the North Land ; He shall chill us no more with his frost and his snow ; And the sun-god shall look from his home in mid-heaven, And, singing and dancing, the river shall flow. From the North to the South, on the Wall of the Sunrise, Shall hang a Cloud-curtain all radiant with gold; No Pale Face shall lift it to steal on our birth-right, No eye of the White Stranger look through its fold. No treacherous Sea-Rover, with cruel Firewater, § Shall prowl round our wigwams, and bind us for slaves ; No Death-poison slay all our women and children, While the rivers run red with the blood of our Braves. Where the Big Water dwells, by the Doors of the Sunrise, Again shall our white canoes onward speed; No Demon -boats || howl o'er the terrified waters, With their big eyes of fire, and their thundering tread. On the rainbow of Souls,** on the pathway of angels, From the Land of Immortals, where good spirits go, They shall come back again to their homes in the forest, And walk, hand in hand, with their loved ones below. We shall dwell all our lives in the Home of our Fathers, Where good spirits talk with us all the day long; Our hearts will* be glad in the Wigwams of Feasting; Our spirits be cheered with the dance and the song; No more shall we meet in the home of the dying, To take the Last Smoke,ff and to send our Farewell, In the land where the Red Men shall meet as true brothers, The land where the Great Spirit calls us to dwell. *(' He shall scatter us corn, etc.') The Indians have this tradition. Many winters ago there was a great famine among all the tribes that lived on the shores of Keche-gaming. ('Great Lakes.) It was in the time of corn-planting. There was no rain for many moons. The streams all dried up. and the moose, elk and deer fled from the Hunting Grounds, to the country far north, for water. Many of the old men died of hunger, and the women and children lived many days on the tender bark of the roots of trees. Then the great chief, Manitogezhick (Sky Spirit), called for all the tribes to assemble and worship before the Great Spirit. They ¦confessed their sins before him. They worshiped him all day and all night in the dance. They worshiped him still another day. The longer they worshiped the stronger they grew. The old men, women and children, who were left in the wigwams to die, were brought into the Lodge of Worship. The worshipers laid their hands upon them—they revived, arose and joined in the dance. Then, on the third day, the Great Spirit opened his windows in the South, and poured out his rain upon them. It rained many days. Corn sprang up in all the valleys, and ripened in a single month. Wild berries covered the'plains. The moose, elk and deer returned. There was feasting and rejoicing bef6re the Great Spirit. The Braves washed the war-paint from their faces, and did not go to war any more. It was a time of peace— a foretaste of the Indian's Millennium. i(Qreat Kesis, etc.') The Indian's name for the sun. It is thought, by some of the tribes, to be the home of the Great Spirit, and from it he sends his cheering rays, through the opening at the top of the wigwam, to gladden the hearts of his Red Children, They love the sun ; for they say it gives them life and strength. When it is under an eclipse, they^it in silence, in their wigwam?, and do not speak until it shows its face again; when the whole camp is filled with rejoicing, and they salute one another with these words, 'Kaget, odo penasewo-g,' etc. 11 Now are our hearts like the birds; for the sun shines upon us once more.' t(Keche Nodin, etc.') The Spirit of the Wind. He is a very strong spirit, and the Indians fear him; and when caught out in a storm on the lakes, they make him an offering by throwing some of their treasures into the sea, where his children, the little Wind Spirits, stand ready to receive them. Their exclamation on such occasions is—Kaget neerkahdisi! (Truly he is veryangry. §(' Cruel Fire-ivater.') The Indians also call it '' Fire Broth '-rlshkndo Wahbn; also, '' Death Poison.' All the good Indians detest it; while the bad ones will part with all they possess for a dram. They say it was brewed by Fire-Spirits, in a cavern beyond the Big Waters, and always marks the coming of the Pale-Faces. (II'Demon-boat* howl,' etc.) The Indians called the first steamboats they saw 'Demonboats.' They thought they were propelled by Machemenito, the great Evil Spirit, who carried them on his back ; and that the flashing of the fires, as they approached their shores, by night, was the lightning of his eyes, and the roaring of the steam was the thunder of his voice. **('The Rainbow of Souls,' etc.') Among some of the tribes, the rainbow is believed to mark the path on which good spirits go to the Land of Souls; and on it they will return again to visit the earth in the good time coining.' ++('JLast Smoke,' etc) Ksquah Opwahgon.— See ' Manifesto,' July No., 1S79.