Home Topics A small piece of charcoal put into the pot with boiling cabbage... A small piece of charcoal put into the pot with boiling cabbage removes the smell. To make good starch... To make good starch, after you have boiled it, put a small piece of butter and a teaspoonful of sugar in it, and the gloss is obtained. In boiling meat... In boiling meat for soup use cold water to extract the juices. If the meat is wanted for itself alone, plunge into boiling water at once A smart girl on shipboard found out from the cook how to peel and slice onions... A smart girl on shipboard found out from the cook how to peel and slice onions without crying over them. Very simple : Just hold them under water during the operation. To remove ink stains... To remove ink spots from any white fabric, throw salt and pepper over it in abundance, and all traces of ink will disappear. Soak the stained parts in milk, and the stains will be removed. Either way will work like magic. Experiments have been made Experiments have been made in Italy with borax as a preservative for butter ' It has been found,' says the Italian minister of agriculture, ' by recent trials at the agricultural station, that the addition of eight per cent borax to the salt, preserved the butter in its natural fine flavor for three months, although exposed to the air. Lumps in Starch or Gravy .—How true it is that, if wo observe and remember, we can learn something of every one we meet. A few days ago I learned from the poorest housekeeper I know something new tome— that salt added to the flour before the water, on stirring paste for starch or gravy, would prevent the flour from forming into lumps. Of course I used to salt both gravy and starch, but I never observed the good results of adding the salt first. Remedy for Ear-ache .—The Journal of ¦Health gives the following: There is scarcely any ache to which children are subject so hard to bear and difficult to cure as the ear-ache. But there is a remedy never known to fail. Take a bit of cotton batting, put upon it a pinch of black pepper, gather it up and tie it, dip it in sweet oil, and insert into the ear. Put a flannel bandage over the head to keep it warm. It will give immediate relief. The secret of protecting furs... The secret of protecting furs and woolen garments from the depredations of the moth is very simple. In the first place, see that the article you are putting away is thoroughly clean. Remove all spots of grease and dirt, and brush all dust from the gathers and folds. Take your furs out-doors and beat them thoroughly with a small rod, going over a small part of the surface at a time, till the whole have been beaten. Then seal each article up in double folds of newspaper, pasting so closely that neither air nor insect can get in. This is a better way than any we know of, not excepting camphor, tobacco, pepper, and other pungent preventives which are commonly used.