AMONG THE SHAKERS: III There may be among the Shakers those who are common-place, peculiar, or bigoted, but there are certainly some who are fine, intelligent men and women. I recall one pleasant-faced, motherly woman, who took me in charge on my first visit, showed and explained things, at the same time asking me questions about my family, and telling me her own history and experience in a quiet, gentle and yet dignified manner. It was a real pleasure to look upon her face, with its broad, full forehead and modest, gentle eyes. I used to watch her as she went round with the others in meeting, and think what a saintly looking woman she was. Not a harsh expression, I was told, had ever come from her while she had been there. She told me that her husband had visited the Shakers with the intention of joining them, but he changed his mind, while she learned to believe in them, and left him and joined them with his full consent. When I spoke to her of their small number of converts she said with great fervor and earnestness, that was nothing to her ; she would still be a Shaker if there were only one more in the world, as the number did not alter the truth. There was another woman of a different type, though no less sincere in her belief. She had married while young a man of wealth and position in Boston; but afterward became intensely interested in Adventist doctrines, and it was said had with others prepared herself for the expected second coming of Christ upon a certain day. She subsequently learned of Shakerism, and became one of its most zealous advoates. She tried in vain to convert her husband, and at length considered it her duty to leave him, although she had at the time hree children, the youngest an infant. She liad fully intended to take this infant with tier ; but on the day of her departure her THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. husband utterly refused to allow her to do so. This proved a great trial, yet she determined not to abandon her faith. But it was a long time before she could get the baby's cries out of her mind. Night after night they were ringing in her ears, but she reflected that it was in every way well taken care of. She entered into her new faith with great ardor, and seemed to think it only natural that she should sacrifice her own personal feelings upon the altar of her faith. She was ardent and enthusiastic in spirit, an active mind, spoke often with spirit and earnestness in the meetings, and wrote many articles in favor of Shaker life and principles. After about thirty years' experience in a Shaker Community she displayed no regret, but seemed to have only a consciousness of having acted her part and done her duty in this world, and was satisfied with herself for having done it. She was young looking, sprightly and robust, and had enjoyed much better health, she said, since she had lived according to her conscience than previously. I have already mentioned the Elder of one of the Families as being distinguished for his sociability, but his history deserves more special mention. He speaks of himself as having been as a young man one of the wildest of the wild. He happened to be working at his trade near a Shaker settlement, and often heard of them in various ways. He laughed at and ridiculed them as much as any one could, never dreaming of ever becoming a believer in their doctrines. He visited them occasionally out of curiosity, and was at length led into discussion with an elderly woman of the Family, who talked to him very plainly, and presented certain questions to him so forcibly and so different from what he expected that he became convinced the Shakers had the truth. He joined them at twenty-five years of age, with life all before him. He possessed a vigorous mind and body, and devoted himself heart and soul to living up to all the requirements of the new faith. To him this was no child's play. He was a man of strong passions and affections, and it was only by great power of will and prolonged effort that he was able to subdue himself and conform to Shaker purity. When we saw him at the age of seventyfive he was firm in the conviction that he had been called upon to live such a life, and that if he had neglected to live so here he would have been compelled under greater difficulties to live it hereafter. He was the head of a Family whose duty it was to receive visitors, and he explained the Shaker theories to strangers, and took the chief part as speaker at their public meetings. He was by no means a fine speaker, his ideas being often roughly expressed; but he had the merit, in common with most Shakers, of speaking to the point. A different kind of man altogether was one who held the position of Trustee for the Society. He had been brought there by his parents when a child, with a number of brothers and sisters. They were a delicate family, and a number of them died of consumption. One brother left and engaged in business in a neighboring city, and the one of whom I am speaking was the only one left among the Shakers. He was a tall, fine-looking man, with delicate, refined and clear-cut features; a man of very few words, but when he spoke he showed that he thought much, and his ideas proved him to be a man of good common sense, without a particle of bigotry. He had so much gentleness of manner as to be almost womanly, though never weak nor effeminate. He always showed a good deal of kindly regard for children and for whatever required protection. It seemed impossible for anything or any one to suffer at his hands; and yet at the same time he had such a quiet persistency in defending what he thought right that he usually gained his object. His mind seemed to be progressive in every thing, and he was in favor of any thing which would have modernized the Shakers and taken them out of the ruts into which they had fallen. He favored the introduction of new machinery and inventions, the formation of classes for higher education, etc., but he had to work cautiously and quietly among people who look with suspicion upon novelties. He was clearly in advance of his surroundings, though he was in harmony with the faith in its more intelligent form. 57 58 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Had he been in the outside world there is no doubt but that he would have reached eminence and wealth. In fact it is easy to imagine him the proprietor of large mills or workshops, with a flourishing and wellordered community springing up around him, of whose interests and welfare he is as careful as of his own. There were many others whom I should like to mention, but perhaps these will serve to show that the Shakers are people of like desires, thoughts and feelings with ourselves, and that it has been just as hard for them to sacrifice themselves as it would be for any of us. We may think that they have no connection with ourselves, but in the long run I think it will be found that they have largely influenced public sentiment in America. Perhaps no person can live without in some degree changing and modifying the circumstances of hundreds of others, and so the Shakers, though seldom obtruding themselves upon public no. tice, have for the past hundred years been quietly changing or strengthening public opinion in various ways, either directly or through the influence of others. The best writers on political economy seem to be approaching very near Shaker doctrine in their views on communism and the advancement of women. It may seem from the foregoing as though I were in favor of Communism, but I think no one can have a greater aversion to Communistic and Socialistic theories in general. There has seemed to me to be in them so much unsound and unreasoning sophistry, that I scarcely had toleration enough to consider them at all. Had it not been that I had met with some who were not gainers but losers by Communism, and who lived it not for themselves but for the common good, I should not have thought a moment upon it; and in trying to do the Shakers justice I am led to believe, so far as I can understand the subject, that at the bottom of much that is repulsive, unnatural and inconsistent in their system, there is a germ of truth, which in the far-off future may develop into something which may justly be called Communism, but which will bear very little resemblance to the Communism of to-day. All the enterprises for the promotion of the common good are tendencies in this direction, such as many public institutions, the common-school provisions, colonization, co-operation, and all those things which, based on the idea that men are equal, tend to make them so. Many of the Socialists of to-day reject Christianity, but there is nothing so Communistic in the highest sense as the Christian religion. All its precepts and teachings are for the equalization and uniting of people all over the world, and binding them together in one common interest. Heaven itself is pictured as a place where all are made equal; where there are no rich, no poor, no weak or infirm, but where disabilities of all kinds are removed, and the highest and broadest Communism prevails. And it may be so that in future it will be possible to have a type of it here on earth; that mankind may become so enlightened, and live so much in accordance with natural and moral laws, that the fact of mind being more than matter and life being more than meat will.be universally recognized; and that the presence of a human being in this world will be enough to entitle him to all the earth affords!