Editorial MAINTENANCE OF SHAKERISM Can Shakerism be successfully maintained? or must it die for want of converts and supporters ? These are serious questions, affecting the world at large, more seriously than it does those who are its present advocates and earnest supporters. To those who stoutly maintain its principles, in the face of all worldly opposition, there comes a gain in salvation and redemption, which, while secured to these few, are really needed to leaven the world at large, into superior manhood and womanhood. The faithful supporters of the faith feel a security of heaven's future blessings by experiencing so large an enjoyment of these at the present time. Should the institution die, it would not seriously affect those who, having bartered away their worldly, unchristian lives, for the gain of heavenly and eternal life, are already secured to their Christian reward; but can the world at large spare the action of its testimony, the agitation of its principles, which now, more than ever in the past, are working revolutions and evolutions among governmental and churchal policies, to the end that new earths and new heavens may be inaugurated ? Let the world bear witness to the unparalleled courage, and hope and trust of a people, who, securing to themselves no earthly honors nor emoluments; who, believing that their call to the support of principles known as Shakerism was G-od's call and is to represent the salt of the earth'; who have trusted unfailingly to Providence 62 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 63 to send laborers into their field, with ' none to declare their generations ' ; whose companions, converts to a similar faith, have no inducements, but the fruits of the most active self-denials, who cannot be man-made, but must be God-made, and who yet, for more than a century, have neither known nor felt any such feeling as failure brings ; but hold unflinchingly, theirunhoneyed, unworldly, unpopular testimony to invite 'whosoever will.' Be it also known, that the Shakers are a sect, whose Church has no outer court, but whose priests and people are brought to -the same square and plummet of communal life, and this fashioned after the active cross and self-denial of Jesus, the Christ. Resolving to do duty unfailingly; determined upon no retreat from its radical, Christian cross — listening not to any worldly following to ' come down from that Cross, and all will believe on you'—but 'glorifying in whatever shame ' there may be in following the exactness of Christ's life, the Shakers have no reason to anticipate any failure of their institutions. For more than a century, their Church has stood with its indices pointing to a life superior to a worldly life, and a constant reminder of the life-example of the Master ; for this length of time it ' has been the specie basis that has upheld the paper theories ' and hopes of communal and cooperative brotherhoods, actively hinting at heavenly life on earth, and being more than ''the far-off echoes of the Primitive Christian' Church ' ; while its testimony for peace and peaceful arbitrations have been heard, acknowledged, and acted upon by the nations. From which considerations we conclude: Shakerism being the harvest of the world's good, its career is quite in its infancy. Lean though its supporters often feel; oft though they suffer the blight of disappointed hope and despondency; it is God's work, and we have only to do duty and it will stand forever. Relying solely upon the resurrection of souls out of themselves and selfishness; out from denominations which yield unsatisfactory returns ; and who, casting about for a superior religion and life in the world, but not of the world, let none repine nor worry about the continuance and maintenance of the Shaker Church. To lose heart would be to lose hope in super-excellent humanity, and of God working with humanity; for so long as there is an earnest of prayer, 'Thy kingdom come, thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven,' so long will the Shaker Church be maintained in flourishing conditions, while its glorious principles will continue actively to spread, and the fame of its founder and supporters will never be 'unknown, unhonored, nor unsung.' vv What Profiteth Celibacy? Elsewhere, our Brother D. Fraser gives answers to a candid inquirer upon the subject of Celibacy. The answers will be found to be profitable reading. We opine, however, there are vastly stronger reasons for living virgin, celibate lives, than because it tends to better health, freedom from sexual diseases, and greatly to longevity. Our brother gives the true ring at every inference that it is the 64 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. condition necessary to grow successfully into the Divine life. Celibacy per se—of itself merely—is unworthy of much commendation; and only as it is used for, and becomes, the means or even one of the means by which the Divine life, the Christ life is approached and attained unto, but little can be said in its 'favor, but rather savors of constrained selfishness. In the progress of individual Christianity it becomes and is simply and positively a necessity. None is so Christian without it, not only, but is so far from Christ practice, so far from being a Christian in this respect. We acknowledge, all cannot be christians after this manner of Christ's example, so Jesus said, and so our experience with some individuals proves. We are only sorry that this is so—that indulgencies which ruin the chasteness of the Christ life are a necessity with some, otherwise ardent strugglers after the Divine pattern. Yea, sorry are we, that the lower, animal propensities should overcome the superior elements of the angel in humanity, causing so many to be thus dissimilar to Christ. Connected with this subject, is the fact that all religious denominations, those which marry, and those which do not, pay the highest tributes of praise,singling out for especial worship and admiration, those who have lived and died 'celibates for the Kingdom of Heaven's sake.' The lip service of such praise is like very thin air; but the love of such a life, which leads individuals to live it, because it was more like Christ's life, and because this life was most like God's life, this is true praise—a genuine, worshipful adoration of God—in our lives. Lafayette We present in this number, some of the curious observations of Lafayette in earth life, among the Shakers. Since his departure to the Spirit land, every society of the Shakers has heen frequently visited and happily noticed by this exalted and noble soul, in the most unmistakable manner. Very many anecdotes of the foremost men of our nation, past and present, and their happy association with the Shakers, might be collated and profitably presented to the public. Unworthy of notice and esteem, as many worldloving, flesh-seeking, pleasure-hunting, so-called Christians, think the Shakers are, it is a valuable thought to us, that the noblest men and women, of past and our own times, and of our own and other countries, have considered it no condescension to seek and merit our esteem, and they missing no opportunity to repay the favors. Christian Progress To those who can recall the precepts of preaching and writing of only onequarter of a century since, must be forcibly and happily impressed with the mighty strides which pulpit and practical Christianity have made toward the teachings of the model Christian. There is a greater love of Christ manifested to-day than ever before — manifested too, not through adherence to technical, theological points, but in the acknowledgments so often heard that Christ's life was and is best for Christians RomanCatholics were never so stirred among themselves, that their best representatives should copy at least one peculiar feature of Jesus and apostles—that of celibacy. Celibacy THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 65 for greater righteousness' sake obtains greater respect and encouragement among the purest thinkers of all denominations, Jewish, Catholic, and Protestant alike, than ever before. The horrors of war are deprecated more than ever everywhere; and the more peaceful methods of arbitration and non-resistance have assumed possible and real engagement of the reflection of nations. The great Gladstone, of England, has lately invited all ' Europe 'to engage in a general disarmament! The rush of the Communists, wild and unwise though it seems, has for its calmer meaning 'Share and share alike,' something like Pentecostal days. We are living in grand times. The millennium is approaching faster than we are apt to think that it is ; and where souls are living as Christ did, and dying unto the world as Jesus did, the millennium has already come, and come to stay. We would call special attention to the article upon the Millennium among the Indians... We would call special attention to the article upon the Millennium among the Indians, as written so sweetly in poetry by our talented Brother Sproat. It is known that the spirits of Indians find access to their mortal brethren more easily than the majority of others, not Indians. There appears, with their apparent ignorance, much oi their native innocence; and there is ' much more native wisdom than people commonly know of; for much o: which, profitable information we render thanks to G. T. Sproat. We purpose being on hand with March Manifesto by... We purpose being on hand with March Manifesto by Feb. 29th, th birthday of Mother Ann Lee — th 36th anniversary! QUERIES AND ANSWERS 1. ' Will you please give us the best and liortest definition of a Shaker life ?' Certainly : A life that is pure, peaceable, unworldly and heavenly, like Fesus Christ's life. 2. 'Do you consider it necessary to become ascetics in order to be Christians?' Only as Christ was an ascetic. 3. ' In your opinion, must we live celibate ives, to be followers of Jesus Christ ? ' How can we follow where Jesus did lot lead ? 4. ' Would not 'the world become extinct if all should so live ? and is it desirable that such should be the case ? ' (1.) Certainly; if all should so live, population would cease. (2.) To the « few ' who ' are able ''and willing so to live, the questions of desirableness or undesirableness, declarative of generations, never occur as germane considerations. 5. ' Did not Jesus have great respect for the institution of marriage?' As a worldly, civil institution, he did; so does every sensible person. As a Christian practice, he did not, nor can his genuine followers. 6. ' Did not Jesus advise the selling of coats for the procuration of swords ? and what were these swords to he used for? ' It is said in scripture that he so advised. It is a safe, Christian rule to sell as many coats, and procure as many swords with, the proceeds, as Jesus did, and only as many, and to use the swords after thus obtaining them just as Jesus did. See ? 7. ' Did not Jesus show a spirit of physical violence and retaliation in driving out those who were defiling the temple ? ' It is said, in disapprobation of this chronicle,that 'the zeal for his Father's house had nearly ' destroyed his Christian equanimity. Jesus could sorrow for his mistakes. 8. ' In 'Plain Talks,' you say the first requirement of Shakerism is an honest con- 66 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. fession of one's sins. How is this following Jesus?' It is going down into the Jordan — judgment — to some one representing a confessor, like John Baptist, and imitating Jesus by rendering an account of the way you have lived, good, bad, or indifferent to your best light and understanding. The confessions of Jesus to John made it apparent to the latter that a better man than he stood before him ; hence John's remarks. Would to heaven it might similarly be your case when making your confessions to some Shaker elder; and the elder's response, ' I have need rather to be baptized of thee.' 9. ' What advice would you give me if I believed in Shaker doctrines of life and my wife did not ?' 'Act your faith.' 'Liberty of conscience' is guaranteed to every American citizen, in this living faith, no less than in the belief of dead creeds, nor in the prosecution of selfish indulgences under the civil con tract, called marriage. 10. ' Could I engage in the trial of Shakerism in any of the societies with the understanding that if I did not like it, I could return to my present, married life with my family ? ' We would be far from advising any such proceeding. Shakerism is ruinous to marital felicities; and you could not return to former, fleshly indulgences and selfish aggrandizements with the same satisfaction, after tasting Shakerism, as before. Regrets that you ever heard of Shakerism would ensue, if you should return to the habits of your worldly life ; or remorseful reflections would follow, that you had recanted a better way of living. You have heard of ' the sow that was washed, returning to her wallowing in the mire' — this means the return of a woman from Shakerism to her worldly life ; and ' the dog that returned to his vomit' — this would mean you, returning to eat again what you had thrown out of your spiritual stomach as hurtful to you as a Christian. See? 11. ' What social permissions are granted the sexes among the Shakers ? Do or do not the rules of the societies create a disrespect and coldness, the one toward the other?' Our founder, Ann Lee, was a woman of great affection and love toward both males and females. Discerning that 'poor man, while under temptations to the flesh is always in danger,' she carefully removed from the practice of her children aught that would arouse the semblance of passion. She demonstrated, as the Shakers now do, that there can be a warmer, purer affection manifested by the sexes toward each other as gospel brethren and sisters, subject to rules that forbid physical contact, than by the conjured worldly idea, that there can be no love without sexual embraces of some kind. This love gets cold. Shaker love ' never grows old ' nor cold, ' but is new every day.'