UNITY OF FAITH HERVEY L. EADS It is generally believed by the outside world that the Shakers, like their ecclesiastical bodies, have a written creed which all must believe, and to which all must subscribe, who apply for admission into our body. Herein I propose to disabuse the public mind in this regard, by disclosing the fact that the Shakers have no written creed, being founded on revelation; on this rock we propose to build and there remain. Nevertheless, there are some things necessary to insure success to applicants, if it be proper to use the term things to conditions. These are : First. They should have an inward awakening to enable them to sense the ' exceedingly sinfulness of sin.' Second. They should have an internal desire to be freed from it and to live a higher, purer and more angelic life than they find it possible to do in the world. Third. They should, even if they are of the highest class, and among the most learned of the lower world, be willing to be taught the way out of sin and into a holy life. If their object in coming is to teach instead of being taught they had better not apply, because the child spirit only will insure success. Fourth. It is necessary they should believe that God is ; and that He is the new order of those who faithfully serve Him, and that He is a God of order in all things and has the same established among men, and which, when found, must be submitted to in order to come into harmony with Him. Fifth. They should be willing to bring all the deeds and sins of their past lives to the light of this order and be taught how to shun them in future. Sixth. None should ever apply merely for the ' loaves and fishes ;' all such are sure to fail. Seventh. They should be willing to 'put their hands to work and their heart to God.' All who have gained these conditions are ripe for the harvest and ready for a life and home in God's Zion, and may confidently expect to be successful in working out their THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. own salvation. All those who have not gained these conditions would do well to pause and not apply. It will be asked: Are all within the gates in possession of these conditions? I answer, nay. Being filled with love and sympathy, hope and charity for the down-trodden of our race, we have admitted thousands while only the tens have been succsssful and made their 'calling and election sure.' We have fully proved the truth of the Saviour's words, ' Many are called, but few are chosen.' Had none been admitted only such as had the conditions named, we should not have been forced to this sad confession. But I am asked : 'Must culture and learning become subordinate to, and be taught by, ignorance 1' Ans. Not by ignorance in spiritual things. But, if this supposed ignorance has found the pearl for which the world, with all its wisdom and learning, has sought in vain, then worldly learning and wisdom must be content to take the lower seat ' I thank Thee, Father, that Thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent and hast revealed them unto babes, even so Father, for so it seemed good in Thy sight.' Even when the conditions named are gained, we may still entertain shades of theological dogma, and think variously of many things without detriment of union or gospel travel. In the various educations there are many things imbedded in the intellectual understanding which will take time to correct. Still, unity of faith is desirable in the body, which, to attain, is worth laboring for ; to this end it is suggested to me by a very intelligent Elder, that it would be well to explain more fully the difference between tutelary deities and subordinate gods, than is now apparent to the common reader as set forth in ' Shaker Theology, ' since their offices seem to be the same, and the existence of one is denied. This I cheerfully do. Tutelary deities are believed to be attributal — that they did not originate by generation in any lower world. This idea originated in heathen lands thousands of years since. They had offices and names for more than 80,000 of them. It arose from the belief that God was not omnipotent in being, and must of necessity have other trustworthy deities to act when and where he could not himself be present. They supposed he had a throne much 'larger than himself in the middle of his universe, on which he sat in regal splendor, with a pleromac world around him filled with attributable deities to send forth to distant planets. Others taught the doctrine that there were two Gods on the throne, one male, the other female, and these deities were their offspring by generation ; hence they worshipped the images of generation. All such as were thus brought into existence or immediately created by God, were termed tutelary deities. God subordinate, or subordinate gods, were persons and angels erroneously so styled, because they were God-appointed agents, by and through whom He chose to enlighten the world. Such were Moses, Elijah, Christ and others. Some otherwise enlightened minds of this day apply to God, condition, figure and extension, properties of matter, thus denying his omnipresence and infinity only in an elementary and diffusive way; that is to say, He is located somewhere in space, diffusing his power as the sun does his light; but this idea is no improvement on the tutelaries, and it will be no hindrance to the gospel travel of any soul to class them both as chimerical, and let them go back to heathen land whence they sprang. So. Union, Ky.