GILBERT MOTIER, MARQUIS DE LAFAYETTE, AND HIS EXPERIENCE AMONG THE SHAKERS IN 1783, OR 1784 The Marquis De Lafayette,- one of the most illustrious names of modern history, was born at Chavaignac, in Auvergne, 1757, and commenced his career at the court of Louis XV, at the period when hostilities were commencing between Britain and her American Colonies. At the age of twenty, he left the presence of his bride, and, fitting out two vessels with arms and provisions, sailed for Boston, was received by Washington and his army with acclamations, and joining their rank as a volunteer, was wounded in his first action, near Phila52 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 53 delphia, while he commanded the vanguard of the patriot army at the capture of New York. On returning to France when peace was concluded with the mother country, Lafayette found himself immensely popular, and he presently took his seat with the notables convoked in 1787. In the course of his notorious and glorious career in the governmental revolutions in France, during which the royal family twice owed their preservation to his address and courage ; but by reverses of fortune, he was at length captured by the Austrians and imprisoned at Olmutz; was released in 1797, and retired to private life. In 1818 became a member of the Chamber of Deputies, and resuming his career as an advocate of constitutional principles, had the satisfaction of seeing the dream of his life realized in 1830, in France. In 1824 he revisited the United States, and was received with great enthusiasm. But time, more capricious than he, allowed him to see the stone hurled at the feet of his ideal, liberty, and he carried the saddest of all lessons with him to eternity in 1834. Many believers in special providences have considered that the Marquis De Lafayette, was one of the best mediums ever brought under natural inspiration. Before he was twenty years of age he was appointed ill due form to hold rank in the French army. It was at this period the American Colonies were struggling for independence. Prince William, of England, was making a tour through France near where Lafayette's regiment was quartered, and was guest to a French nobleman in that neighborhood and Lafayette was one of a select number invited to dine with him. The loquacious English Prince commenced an unreserved conversation respecting the American War. Perhaps none at that table had any definite knowledge of the character of that struggle, nor the true object the Americans were contending for; with Saxon frankness the Duke talked the whole matter out, without the least duplicity or covering. There is no believer in inspiration in cause and effect but would discern at a glance that his caution was controlled, his perception beclouded and his descriptive powers excited by some higher presiding agency. He is reported to have been very eloquent and candid, and to have represented the Americans as an oppressed people struggling for liberty, though he seemed unconscious of what he was doing. Deep down in the soul of the Marquis lay slumbering a noble patriotism, unbounded liberty, and universal love of his race, and a disposition which would prompt him, when rightly inspired, to sacrifice treasure and pour out his blood like water in defense of the rights of man. The story of the Prince and the spirit which inspired it, thrilled the inexperienced soul of Lafayette, like holy fire ; it awakened the budding powers of his manhood, and aroused the newer and greater qualities of his being into action. In contemplating the man, to many he then seemed quickened and transformed into a new being ; he seemed suddenly to have developed the wisdom of the sage, and the courage and daring of a hero. He soon presented himself as the champion to help crush out tyranny, that human freedom might be erected upon its ruins ; he seemed moulded for the very age in which he lived ; his whole career in the new and old world, and the part he took in both, proves it. Lafayette's first interview with General Washington goes far to prove that he was a strong medium ; passing review under the severe inspection of a master spirit of the same organization. With a board of officers he sat down to dine with Washington, and before the hour had expired, by useful observation and deep impression, his whole character was read, and read correctly by the great American Chief. Lafayette was attracted to Washington at all times as to some guardian angel; he was unconsciously, influenced by spirits which ministered to the father of his country. We introduce this singular man in this manner, to claim that it was not possible for him to enter where any kind of inspiration was agitating human beings, without being excited by it. Among the many confidential labors and missions intrusted to Lafayette, he was sent from Albany to negotiate with the Indian tribes, to take up the war hatchet for the Americans ; in his intercourse with them 54 THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. he commanded their veneration and enlisted many of the red warriors in defense of the colonies. It was while on one of those missions that he called on the Shakers at Niskayuna, N. Y.. (now Watervliet). It was an important period in the inspiring commencement of the latter day, a time when many were flocking to Mother Ann Lee, and the Elders with her, to hear the gospel requirements and tidings which brought salvation. A period when all became quickened by the power and inspiration which attended the first witnesses of truth who first proclamed Christ's second appearing. When the Marquis entered the neighborhood of Niskayuna, where the gathering to Mother Ann Lee was fast progressing, he heard of their meetings, and in company with another officer he called to visit them. Among the believers there were many who had been connected with the army from the beginning of the war, some who hed joined Mother Ann's society before, and some after Lafayette had entered the service of the army ; and as both officers were in simple regimental dress, they were readily recognized. He entered, very quietly, the little dwelling where they first held their meetings ; some were conversing, some passing in and out, and some were under singular inspired operations ; among the most eccentric of this class, were the outward manifestations of Abijah Wooster ; he, among many others of strong minds, had investigated diligently, received faith correctly, and believing that Ann Lee was inspired by higher spirits to declare to them the most self-sacrificing testimony and word of God ever written, the power which attended her testimony had set them all on fire, and in great commotion. According to the laws which control organizations it was utterly impossible for Lafayette, with his singular powers, to enter a place with such surroundings, and not feel the state of the spiritual atmosphere, and the electric current into which he had entered. Lafayette was of a tall,manly,commanding form, and was the observed by many, and he was silently and busily engaged in closely inspecting the strange scene before him ; true to his mediumistic powers and instinct s where the most remarkable inspiration was, apparent, there he was the soonest attracted. Abijah Wooster was at that time under perpetual agitations, shaking, jerking, twisting in sudden convulsions. Seated on the back side of the room, Lafayette passed directly through the crowd, and quietlyseated himself by his side, and to him devoted his undivided attention. He did not seem attracted to the man but the power that controlled and moved him; he looked steadily and watchfully upon him, and when agitated and moved, would lay his hand upon the limbs of the subject thus agitated. By thus closely observing him at all times, by laying on his hands much of the time, and continuing his investigations persistently, it embarrassed Abijah greatly ; he said he felt Lafayette to be a powerful spirit that brought him into great bondage ; wishing to break this disagreeable spell and find relief from it, and the singular freedom thus taken with his gifts and person, he said to Lafayette: ' You seem desirous of obtaining this power ; ' but the only answer received was : 'It is desirable!' By this time Abijah became so thoroughly disconcerted that he suddenly arose and walked out of the door; Lafayette rose as suddenly and followed him. Determined to make good his escape from him, he cast about in his mind to determine what he should do next, and finally went down to the barn ; but his investigator followed on and went to the barn also. The condition of the pursued was rendered more awkward in every movement the pursuer continued to make ; and to make it appear to Lafayette that he had business there, Abijah seized the broom and went to sweeping up the barn floor, taking all the pains to clean and put the place in order that was necessary; but the patience of Lafayette was not to be exhausted, for speechless and motionless he serenely waited to see what the next move would be. Abijah now started for the house, but close on his footsteps followed Lafayette, more faithful than a brother. Eesolved to escape at all hazards, Abijah lifted a hatchway, and walked down into the cellar, still closely THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 55 followed by the man who was not to be shaken off for trifles, who descended into the cellar also. The confusion of Abijah at this period of the chase may be imagined, but not easily described, but he rallied, and resolved upon one more effort. A rude ladder extended from the cellar to the room above ; this Abijah hastily ascended, but as hastily was followed up by the unrelenting Lafayette. In all these moves, turns and overturns, nothing like ridicule or levity was apparent in Lafayette, but a settled determination to learn what influence or power controlled Abijah and caused upon him such strange movements and commotion. When they returned to the room Mother Ann and some of the elders were there, and by these Lafayette was soon drawn into conversation; and as they soon became earnest in this, Abijah, thinking he had already obtained his share of the entertainment seized a favorable moment to slip away. What followed after that he learned from the Brethren and Sisters present at the interview. Lafayette inquired what the nature of the religious movement among them was, that brought so many people together. Mother Ann described to him the work that believers were entering into; that the kingdom of Christ was gradually opening upon the world, and many were awakened to see their lost condition and were coming to judgment ; that after passing through the work of cleansing the soul, by the oral confession of all sin to the elders of the church, they received the spirit of Christ and became inspired with the true light, and the power of salvation from sin. Lafayette inquired to know why he could not share in this power as well as othersMother Ann, now under inspiration, declared to him that his time had not come to share in this spirit. She seemed to enter quite into his case, and informed him that a great work lay before him on the earth plane, and that he would have to pass through a wide field of sufferings, before he could ever receive the gospel of salvation. In after years he may possibly have called the words of this singular prophetess to remembrance, when what was promised him under inspiration became a great fact in his sorrowful life. It may often have came back to his meditation, as he lay bound, for years, in the old dungeons of Olmutz and Magdeburgh. However, this may have been in the bloody struggles of the French Revo. lution,or in his exile in foreign lands, something of the kind was unquestionably reviewed in his recollection, when his spirit took its flight from the noble earth-farm of the Marquis De Lafayette. Many yet remember the startling intelligence that reached America of his sudden death. After his decease was reported in Paris, the first packet that came to America brought the sad news; but immediately minister ing spirits, at the time of Ms death, honored the Shakers with the first reliable dispatches. The first night after his death, one of the brethren at New Lebanon saw in vision Lafayette and many others near him, and from his own spirit learned that he had passed into the regions of immortality. The Prophet Daniel's vision was no more certain to him than this was to the more modern visionist. From the impression made, the dreamer was so confident of the fact that when he arose with the morning, he stated, without qualification, that Lafayette had gone to the spirit land. The statement made its impression, the dream of course was remembered, the date recorded, and when the tidings reached this continent, all was verified. Washington was born to break the strong chain which bound the colonies to the old world ; Lafayette was led by that power which guides the destiny of nations, to join hands with Washington, and pass through the first fiery struggle, and be taught by his genius, and to drink deeply of his inspiration. Their real labors lay in two hemispheres. Washington ever cherished the same tender recollections of Layfayette that a father would for a beloved son. In the bloody struggle of the French Revolution, the sympathy of Washington was the strongest power which supported the marquis, and, while struggling through the gloomy years of prison-life, the toils he had shared and the good he had done under the father of his country, were among his most sustaining recollections. 56 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. After obtaining his liberty, he still toiled on for the welfare of France, and died as he had lived, imitating the example of the man he held dear, and who had long used all his influence to obtain his liberation On the hard fought field of the American Revolution he formed a tender acquaintance with the old patriots and heroes who gained for America her independence. When his tried spirit was released from the fetters of mortality, his spirit instinctively turned to his dearest friend Washington, and to his old associates in the army of revolutionary notoriety in this hemisphere. When his stormy life was closed, and he was awakened to realize his entrance into the abodes of the departed from earth, the first consolation he sought was the sympathy and friendship of the noble patriots who first found a place in his youthful affections. In this far-off nation were the dearest objects of his love, and here he took his course. Inspiration teaches that many of these spirit friends were then in the work of God in the spirit-land. At the head of these stood Washington, who, like a guardian angel, stood ready to gather into the order of redemption all who had suffered and bled with him in defense of the rights of man. It would seem certain that many of these early friends, like ministering spirits, hovered over the dying couch to soothe the last agonies of the noble French hero. No doubt they were anxious to conduct him to that resting-place where they had found the treasures of immortality and eternal life ; and when his soul had broken the fetters of clay, they tenderly conveyed him to their own resting-place. Under these considerations, how singular appears to have been his first attractions to Mother Ann and the Elders of the Shaker Church while he was a soldier in the army— a man of earth, and destined to act as the Champion and Leader for long years, in some of the most thrilling scenes in which man ever suffered ? How simple are Heaven's mysterious providences! That such a man could be thus inspired and touched with hallowed fire, in the morning of life, in his attraction to Believers in the mission of Christ Second Appearing, and to fix his attention upon the great fact which was to secure his salvation when scenes of earth should close upon him forever.