Correspondence CELIBACY: ITS RELATION TO LONGEVITY, AND AS AN ESSENTIAL TO DIVINE LIFE. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., Feb. 5, 1880. Much respected friend, Dr. J. Dixson— Your letter to our much loved brother, W. Offord, was very acceptable, being suggestive of many letters of similar import. Therefore we will answer you, as the representative of numerous inquirers. 1. ' What are the effects of abstinence from exercising the functions of generation?' Ans. Freedom from disease of the generative functions. 2. ' What does your century's experience of abstinence contribute to physiological science ?' Ans. It contributes the above fact, freedom from the diseases of the generative functions. 3. ' What forms of disorder arise from such abstinence ? ' Ans. No specific form of disease is incident to the life we live. We enjoy better health than those outside of us. 4. ' How does it affect length of life ? ' Ans. Favorably. The author of this letter is nearly seventy-six years of age ; has lived a Shaker life more than half of his days, and personally indorses the above answer in all its bearings. Your negative inquiries I will attend to before I close. To physiologists, philosophers, medical men and others, we say, form your theories according to the facts presented, and we will abide the result. You are aware that in the presentation of argument, there is a logical procedure. To meet the foregoing in an orderly manner, we assume that man is in possession of and manifests a two-fold emotional life. The lower, represented by the propensities ; the higher, by the attributes of goodness, mercy, and aspirations Godward. In view of this assumption, your questions may be summed in one inquiry: Can men and women live in the higher life, to the exclusion of the exercise of the generative functions ? We take the affirmative of this question, and it is for physiologists, philosophers, medical men and others to show (not us) that the position taken is not tenable. When they do, we will meet them with the experience of an hundred years; which, however, is barely a drop in the bucket compared with the experience of past ages. Celibate institutions have flourished for thousands of years in Thibet. The Brahmins of India can speak of their experience. To-day, China and Japan have their celibate orders. Their existence in these stereotyped civilizations is an inverted prophecy that celibacy has existed for untold ages in these countries. The Theraputse of Egypt present their experience. The Essenes in Judea had their celibate communities. The order of the Vestal Priestesses in ancient Rome lasted about one thousand years. And the monastic orders of Europe down to the present day, about two thousand years. And, strange to say, before Columbus touched the shores of this Western land, Mexico and Peru had each their own civilizations, and celibacy was found in, them both ! From every quarter of the globe we have convincing testimony, that wherever man has made any progress beyond being a mere animal, the laws of the higher life have broken forth in celibate institutions. First in history and foremost in the field is Asia. Next in order is Africa. Europe responds for more than two thousand years in similar manifestations. Ancient America adds her quota of experience to the practicability of a virgin life. And lastly, the Shakers of modern America, in the sunshine of physiological law, and in all the well-understood relationships of life, add their mite of experience to the testimony of past ages, that a celibate life is not only practicable, but also favorable to health and length of days. It is a condition necessary to the fulfillment of their wants and desires as a peculiar people, and a preliminary essential to their happiness, viz.: The manifestation and growth of the divine life in their spirits. We believe the mission of Jesus Christ was to manifest to humanity the diviner, the angelic life-; and its possibility, propriety, and excellence as bearing directly upon the subject of heaven on earth. One of its conditions is virgin purity, THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. as is lived by the people called Shakers. Here arises the inquiry: Does such a life diminish or increase the awful maladies which the generative man and woman are subject to ? Let us see: Diseases range themselves under the two main divisions — sexual and nutritive functions. Under the former head, there is a long list of the most horrible of diseases ! The life lived by us at once emancipates the sexes from that frightful list. The next inquiry is: What is the effect of a virgin life on its subjects ? The vital statistics of our Order show that those who from youth and upward live a virgin life average greater length of years than does the generative order. As regards diseases of the nutritive functions, the same statistic proofs are applicable. Further, prospectively, we see, that an application of hygienic law to all the departments of life will insure good health daily, and greater length of years. This will flow naturally from our testimonies. First, we testify against the ' lusts of the flesh.' Secondly, that eating and drinking should be for use only. Hence alcoholic drinks are not used, neither is tobacco by the rising generation. With those of advanced life, who come among us, the vile weed is hardly tolerated. Tea and coffee in the long run are regarded by some as being injurious, being antagonistic to bodily growth, and to the removal of effete matter from the system. The consumption of animal food with us has greatly diminished ; and it is thought by many to stimulate the lower organs of the brain, and that the angelic life can be more happily consummated without it. Daniel Frazer Virtue of Home Love No man can safely go abroad that does not love to stay at home ; no man can safely speak that does not willingly hold his tongue ; no man can safely govern, that would not cheerfully become subject; no man can safely command, that has not truly learned to obey ; and no man can safely rejoice, but he that has the testimony of a good conscience. Thomas a Kempis