TEACHINGS OF FALSE THEOLOGY, INFIDELITY, AND TRUE RELIGION GILES B. AVERY The mission of The Shaker Manifesto is first, to diagnose the present status of humanity, physically, socially, morally, and religiously. 2. To suggest appropriate remedies for the abnormal and diseased conditions of human society. 3. To set forth clearly, the distinction between the good, natural or earthly man, and the good, spiritual or heavenly man. 4. To teach the true standard of pure religion. 5. To bear that testimony from Heaven which shall be a searcher of the hearts and tryer of the reins of human character and life. The Son of God, as seen by St. John, was heard to say : ' All the churches shall know that I am he who searcheth the reins and hearts, and I will give unto every one according to their works.' But worldly ministers are employed in excusing the lives of men, in that religion consists in believing that character avails nothing in the final awards of destiny ! Souls are lost and saved (not from sin) but from sufferings by sin, through faith that Jesus Christ suffered in their room and stead ! Thus mankind substitute conventional beliefs and institutions for religion, and call' things by wrong names ; and at length, conventionalities become impurities. So much wickedness and cruelty have been wrought under the profession and name of Christianity, that the name '' Ghristian ' is to millions a reproach — a by-word of contempt. But, dominion over conscience is Antichrist, always and anywhere, whether the result of the arm of national religion, law, force of custom, conventional institution, theological dogmatism, creed, through individual sins or blindness. In science, art, mechanics, mankind learn that the ultimatum of perfection is the result of simples 1 The revelation of truth teaches the same thing in religion. Cease to be the servants of sin by the cessation of the violations of convictions of righteous duty. Elisha, the Prophet, taught a simple remedy for cure of palsy: 'Go and wash seven times in Jordan.' The meaning of ' Jordan ' is 'judgment.' Thus was shown the cleansing of the leprous soul, a soul diseased by sin— by washing, cleansing, coming many times to judgment — confessing and repenting of sin. Benighted humanity deals in opposite extremes, both beyond the bounds of truth, overdrawn, like a caricature. Thus theologians teach : ' Three males as God, of whom Jesus is one.' Infidelity teaches : ' No God hut Nature.' True religion teaches : ' God a duality,— a Heavenly Father and Heavenly Mother — the creative powers of the universe. Theology false: A Heaven beyond blue skies for an elected few. Infidelity : No Heaven but earth, and the pleasures of sense. True religion : Heaven, the bliss of doing good, and being good. Theology, false; Hell of eternal torments for those elected to damnation, be their deeds good or evil. Infidelity: No hell for any sinners, here nor hereafter, excepting the wary entrapments of fellow-man. True religion: Hell, inevitably experienced sufferings; the results of violations of God's laws ; comprising sufferings physical, mental and spiritual. Theology, false : Tortures of Catholic in THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 51 quisition for lack of belief in man-made creeds', a God-ordained duty. Persecutions and tortures of Protestant inquisitions for faith in creeds opposite to Protestant ideal truth. True religion : Freedom of conscience and blessings of peace and salvation rendered unto all souls who will live the Christ life. Theology false: Belief in the plenary inspiration of every word between the lids of the Bible, and similar approximate ideas. Infidelity: No belief in any portion of the Bible, nor even in the existence of Jesus Christ nor his disciples; the whole a myth. True religion : A recognition of a portion of the Bible as a record of God's truth; a revelation from God, and a necessary guide to life ; but many instructions and tolerations of the Bible adapted to one age of humanity, not adapted to succeeding ages of progress. Portions of the biblical record, a history of human weakness, wickedness and depravity much to be deplored. Theology false: Eesurrection of the physical body of Jesus being the true resurrection of the Lord. Infidelity : No resurrection of either body or soul ; but death, an eternal sleep. True religion: The Christian resurrection, a raising of the soul from death (the fruit of sin) to life (the fruit of righteousness), to obedience to God's laws, being life eternal. Theology false: Day of judgment a time to come when the world shall be consumed with eternal fire ! Infidelity: No day of judgment ever to occur. True religion: The day of judgment a period experienced by any soul, when by the light of truth, transgressions of its laws are discovered by that soul in its life's career, and it confesses those deeds of transgression to witnessing souls, who, in like manner have confessed and repented, or are repenting of sin. The law of eternal truth leads mankind to a life of benedictions, services to fellowman, sacrifices of self to do God's will for the benefit of fellow-beings ; a holy com. munion with the pure, good and wise /