GOD IS GOD F. W. EVANS Organized — or unorganized ? That is the question to be answered. One asks, perhaps somewhat contemptuously, ' If God be an organized being, can a tailor make God a coat ? ' It might be answered—not only have tailors made God a coat, but artificers have previously made the God who was destined to wear it. Does that prove that God is unorganized ? Can the human mind conceive of a thinking, knowing, intelligent Deity that is not an organized being ? Canst thou search out the Almighty? Canst thou comprehend the Most High to perfection ? Shall not God, who made the human eye, see ? made the human ear, hear ? the human heart, shall not He and She understand ? Can we see but with the eye ? hear but with the ear? or understand but with the brain ? It is by successive stages that the mind of man progresses to a perception of interior spiritual truths. In the first stage we have Fetichism— a rock, a tree, a serpent, is endowed with life, as a ghost-frightened boy turns a burnt tree into a hobgoblin — it is worshiped. In the second stage, we have Idolatry. Of the most precious, costly [material he possesses, man makes an image of his highest ideal of a human being, whether male or female, and clothes it as his fancy directs — then he falls down and worships the God he has made and clothed. In the third stage the progressing man constructs a mental image of his progressed God — and worships it. Still again, the man endeavors to form a conception of a Spiritual Being — a God' who governs the universe of worlds filled with accountable beings like ourselves — as a king or queen governs a nation or nations. Why not ? No ruler is personally present throughout all the parts of the realm governed. The Queen of England's ^dominion is not only from sea to sea, but from one end of the earth to the other. She rules over congeries of nations without personal ubiquity. Cannot God do the same ? All political power is from the Queen. All intellect, knowledge, faculty to perceive, power to be, think and act, is of God. Is it not glory enough for God to be recognized by all the rulers in the universe of worlds immeasurable, as the central force, or fountain, from whence all their power is derived ? Are not all governments founded upon this idea? God is, and God is dual — the great Father and Mother of all sentient souls. If we apprehended Deity entirely aright, in extent and quality, how could we progress to further knowledge — grow in grace and in the knowledge of divine things ? If God be the unorganized nature of the Materialist, or Atheist, why should not those who hold sincerely to this view, say so in good, plain English ? Who is an Atheist? ' One who disbelieves in the existence of an intelligent Supreme Being.' Supreme means ' the highest in authority.'' Intelligent means ' to be endowed with the faculty of understanding— to know.' Being is an intelligent, immaterial existence, or spirit.' Each of these parts of speech, when applied to Deity, implies that above all rulers, there is THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. one who is the ruler of rulers — above all intelligent beings, is one who is superior to all others. And above all beings, there exists a Being who embodies more knowledge, reasons more logically, understands more perfectly, knows more positively than any, or all other beings that exist in the worlds and spheres of matter, mind and intellect — a supreme, intelligent dual being — God. Inasmuch as all the intelligence we know any thing about, from man, upwards or downwards, is possessed and exhibited by organized beings, we are incapable of conceiving an existence of intelligence in an unorganized elementary state. Mind, will, purpose, intention, design, plan, rule, love, affection, and an organized being, are inseparable concomitants, equally with air and sound, weight and atmospheric pressure. They indicate brain, and brain means senses, faculties — in a word, a ,fully organized form. Atheists, disbelieving in a supreme, intelligent Being — God — should not seek to evade consequences by still using what, to them, is an obsolete term — God — when what they do mean is nature — the nature of Materialists and Atheists. It is, to say the least, disengenuous. As the duality of Deity is dependent upon the personality of Deity, as an organization, Atheists, denying such personality and organization, are, of course, quite logical in denying such divine duality. Thus the question recurs — can an infinite, omnipresent, omnipotent unorganized God know any thing more than nature knows, or than any one of the natural elements knows—as the wind, fire, sea, or an earthquake? Can such a God—-unorganized— have any design or scheme of human redemption? Has it any wisdom to ride the whirlwind of human passion, or to direct the storm, through force and violence? By wisdom rightly directed, the Kingdom of Heaven is achieved. The least being in existence is superior to an unorganized God — even as a living dog is superior to a dead lion. To assume the affirmative that such a God could know, or do any thing, appears as absurd as to say there is a part, when there was no whole, a member where there was no body — an effect, when no cause had existed to produce it. Beginning on earth with the lowest organism, reasoning logically up to man — from man upward — will it not lead us up, through sphere within sphere, as the soul within the body, to a Supreme, Intelligent, Dual God, as an organized Being, like ourselves, whose image we are? Is not God the brain of the Grand Man, that the Swedish Seer declares the universe to be ?