A VERY PLAIN SHAKER LETTER Elmina D. Slenker: Respected Friend — Thee says: 'I have read thy book ;' but thee needs to read it again. Thee not understanding it, compels me, although I regret it, to speak more plainly. Thee should have quoted the parts from which thy opinions were drawn. As it is, I will have to follow thee, as the hunter would, by tracks left in the snow. The most of thy reasons for preferring indefinably infidelity to definable Shakerism are mine for preferring the latter. ' It believes in truth wherever found [either natural or spiritual]. It binds no one to follow gods or christs or man or woman. It does does not say, believe this, that or the other, on pain of damnation. It does not scorn any innocent pleasure of body or soul. It is true, liberal, generous, considerate and reasonable.' All this the book teaches which thee has 'carefully read.' But infidelity itself seems to be 'creed-bound.' It does not allow its adherents to touch the realm spiritual. If they do, they are pronounced fanatics and excluded from the brotherhood. If not so, why is it fighting every thing spiritual the whole world over ? It is ' not so comprehensive' as Shakerism, which embraces both the natural and spiritual, allowing to each its appropriate place. It leaves all to be free, to believe and do as they mey elect, admitting all to be justified before God who act up to their highest light; this also the book teaches. But it cannot change fixed and unalterable law. It cannot cause a particle of matter to occupy two points in space at the same time ; but it could do this just as easily as it could cause any one to occupy the generative and regenerative plane at the same time. Can we be censured for not doing impossible things? It seems because we cannot alter this law, which stands philosophically in the fixedness of things, positively unalterable by any power in heaven or earth, we are to be considered fanatical and ' creedbound.' The two planes and orders are as distinct and separate as things can be. They are illustrated in the book by lower and upper floors — one plane for generation, the other for regeneration. Now, generation means to procreate, as animals do ; regeneration means to create anew; that is, to take the procreated and make them new creatures — create in them different, nobler and higher impulses and aspirations, and giving the soul the entire ascendancy over and control of the creature ; which is not the case on the plane below, where the passions control and run riot, in spite of internal remonstrance. Who, then, can consistently blame us for not admitting that generators occupy as high a plane as do the regenerators? THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Shakerism leaves all free to accept the guidance of any person or tbody of persons, and does not consider them ' slaves and fanatics ' for the exercise of this freedom. Christ is the Shakers' pattern, but they condemn no one for choosing another, or for choosing blind Nature. Is infidelity more liberal than this ? It reaches not above matter, saying, ' look to nature,' and not to God, the cause of nature. ' We are here without our consent. Let us take all the pleasure and enjoyment that our natures crave.' ' One world at a time, ladies and gentlemen ;' ' follow no one, be your own judges, be free; any other course is slavery and fanaticism.' ' You need not trouble yourselves about 'laying up treasure in heaven, 'where thieves cannot steal,' till you get there.' ' ' A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush ;' enjoy yourselves here ; let the future take care of itself, if there is any future; go it while you're young, etc.' This is infidelity ' defined.' But after all this it turns preacher, dons the sacerdotal robe and really gives some good advice. ' Be kind, be charitable, be generous; help the poor and needy,' etc., etc. This the Shakers have been doing the last hundred years and more. It continues: ' Why follow Christ, when the all-powerful voice of nature demands the union of sex ? ' But be careful, don't indulge too much, keep it on the ' honor line.' This is good lower-floor advice; but does the priest himself keep it on the honor line ? Thee asks : ' Who are Christ and Paul, that they should judge for me and thee ? Is not nature the better guide ? ' When thee tells me what nature is, I will then answer the question. Thee says : ' Please do not take me for a sensualist in the exaggerated sense, but let me plead for a pure and temperate gratification of all innocent pleasures.'' I would be most happy, indeed, if I could avoid considering thee a sensualist, even moderately ; but Shakers claim for themselves the enjoyment of all pure and innocent pleasures. The difference in us would be in classifying them. The sensualist is one who is devoted to sensual pleasure ; thee takes and advocates this position, saying: ' I go for the present and its possibilities.' The restraints thee [recommends are only to heighten their enjoyments, not for any higher or spiritual purpose. So, then, thy happiness is merely animal, just such as animals enjoy, the acme of which is the sexual tact; but even this leaves its sting behind. Thee is consequently wholly ignorant of the higher happiness which the unsensual and spiritual-minded enjoy, and which is imperishable. I will freely admit that the union of sex in marriage, which thee speaks of, would be irresistible were it eternal. The nuptial hour — the vows — the priestly ceremony-—the thrilling touch— the feast, the music and the dance — the five senses in bewildering and dazzling blaze, form a perfect oriflamme, even with the golden spear through the heart; but from this very hour the blaze diminishes — grows less and less as beauty fades and trials come, till it nickers and disappears, which all the kindling-wood brought to the altar fails to nenew ; we despairingly stir the coals, then the embers, again and again, producing some warmth, but colder, and colder, and colder they grow, until nothing is left but cinders and ashes. They are dead. But the spiritual and regenerative increases, grows brighter and brighter, and stronger and stronger, time without end. Its life is eternal. Now, which? The true follower of Christ occupies this higher ground. Am I now understood ? Thee asks: ' Are not body, soul and mind so closely related that what benefits and pleases one, just as surely affects the other in the same degree 1' I answer, by no means; all philosophers agree that spirit and body are distinct and contradictory substances. The body loves sexual lusts, when the spirit is disgusted by them — the body has the pleasure, the spirit the pain. The body may be sick, the spirit well. The body may be burned at the stake, the spirit rejoice. All these are undeniable. If Epicurus meant what his language conveys,I indorse the most of what thee has quoted, but the difference between us is, that while we ' quiet the passions by subduing them, thee subdues them by gratifying them ! So thee should not have quoted Epicurus to sustain thee. But thee further says: ' It is not for Shakers 84 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 85 to purify the race by regeneration.' How does thee know ? If purified at all, it must be done either by generation or regeneration; generation has been trying its hand ' fast and loose ' for some thousands of years and has proved an utter failure. Suppose we now agree to try regeneration. Should it fail, then our case will be hopeless. Thee adds, ' A few reformed drunkards will never make a temperate world,' what then ? will the moderate drinkers do it, or must we depend on the drunkards themselves ? Thee proposes to get all the passions ' on the honor line' by moderate usage, but thee will find that there is no cure for drunkenness, occasioned either by the wine of the grape or the wine of fornication, but that of total abstinence ; no sensualist can be reformed by a moderate sensuality. Badly as we may hate it, total abstinence and separation from the companionship of such is the only sure remedy. Shakerism does not say, no marriage and no children, but says marriage and children for those who desire them ; but in order to escape the stigma of sensualism, they must be as orderly at least, as are the birds of the forest — I mean no offense — please permit me to be plain. Any contact of the sexes, married or unmarried, for mere pleasure is sensuality ; who, then, on the lower plane is clear 1 Shakers contend that marriage is not Christian because its founder was not a generator, but a regenerator. The work of the former is below, and performed in the dark ; the work of the latter is above and performed in the light. The one is absolutely the works of darkness, the other the works of light. Now please do not cal] us ' creed-bound ' because we cannot blend the two into one. This would be as impossible as to blend light and darkness together. To persons coming up and standing and walking in this light, it is impossible for them to do any thing in the dark, for there is no darkness there to do it in. I am wondering now if I am plain enough to be understood. Thee thinks ' Shakers must marry or come to nothing ;' bnt they could not marry without coming to nothing ! This has often been predicted by moderate drinkers in the last hundred years. Marriage un-Shakerizes and un-Christiauizes all who engage in it. But there is nothing to hinder any from marrying who so desire. There is no element up in the regenerative world of light adapted to it, nothing in harmony with or congenial to it; therefore as the door is open and the stairway clear all such go below of choice. But the regenerators, who can blame them for looking upon such with the eyes of the good apostle, who in his coarse language compares it to the ' dog returning to his vomit, and the sow that was washed to her wallowing in the mire I' I trust thee will have charity for this plainness of speech, as it seems I cannot be understood without it, as all I have here said is contained in substance in the book which thee has carefully read. That the Greek philosophers and stoics avoided sexual indulgence to promote vigor and bodily health is true, and a strong argument in its favor. That the idea took visible form in our evoluting world and was taught and lived by the Essenes and others and failed, is no evidence of it not being elevating to its devotees. In all history the virgin state has stood high,if not above every other condition. Witness the virgins who watched in turns by night and day the sacred fire on the altar of Vesta ; but I need not cite cases. History is replete with them. It is by no means a marvel that Christ took this highest ground, not for the body but the soul, He is the first in our world's history that touched bottom. Leaving the body He comes directly to spirit elevation and says : ' Whosoever looketh upon a woman (married or unmarried) to lust after her hath committed adultery in heart.' Not one before Him ever touched this ground. If the thought, motive, look and action are the same in the married as in the unmarried, the sensuality and the adultery are the same. So all the efforts on the part of scribblers to place Jesus on a level or a little below ' fifteen other crucified saviours,' in order to save their lusts are futile, as none who preceded Him ever entered the soul-world as did Jesus. His acceptance of all that was good and true before Him, which His followers now do, goes to His credit instead of His disparagement. Thee says : ' A marriage 86 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. of one man to one woman seems to be the highest outgrowth of our civilization ;' this is true of the generative and rudimental plane. The only advantage man, on this plane, can have over the birds, is, he can build a finer nest—that's all. As to his ' honor line ' being equal to the birds, we dare not affirm. The birds obey the law of nature ; but of the species homo, where is the pair on the rolling planet that so govern themselves ? It is a shame to say it, but they cannot be found. Oh ! would I not be thankful to be able to make one exception ! But none are so temperate, none so self-governed, none ? no, not one ! Thee says : 'Offer your young men and maidens a good home, love and marriage, and how many would refuse them 1' Of this I cannot say, but I have known fortunes offered and refused. Thee says : ' Knowledge alone has the key to the door that must be opened for the entrance of the goddess of love and purity,' By speaking of the physiological only, thee seems to recognize no other. There are two distinct kinds of knowledge, intellectual and spiritual; it is improper to apply physiological knowledge to the spirit, this pertains to the body. The difference between animals and man is this, the former are animo-intettectual, the latter besides the animal are intellecto-spiritual. All humans who have no spiritual knowledge are directly on the line of intellectual anr mals. The infidel who recognizes this has put one foot at least on the round of the spiritual ladder, making further ascension possible. Thee thinks I ' overdo till the good becomes evil.' Good cannot become evil; but thee says we are ' so bound up by creed.' Why, sister, we have no creed, unless it be to vie with each other in doing good. But we must have order in the regenerative as thee must in the generative ; without which order the celestial heavens would become a bedlam ; but we are the freest of the free, as all our bonds are self-imposed, bringing a happiness which the world of generators know nothing of. -While below they are fettered and bound by unbreakable chains, imposed on them, for which all their pleasures are not quid pro quo. Their very souls are paralyzed by the deadening stroke of that ' triple bolt, the world, flesh and devil,' to whom life, vigor and true happiness cannot be restored until they ' pant for the higher state of righteousness as the hart for the water brook.' Then if they will hold up their beseeching hands they will rind angels on the stair-way to help them up, saying, ' come up hither;' and when rescued, the tongues of angels cannot express the joy they will feel at their soul's deliverance. This is no fiction, but a reality now attested by a cloud of witnesses, in whom Christ has appeared for the redemption of the world. H. L. Eads