QUERIES TO A BOSTON MATERIALIST Respected Friend : I have read your article ' Jesus and the Gospel.' The inquiry is not whether Jesus of Nazareth ever lived, or had an immaculate conception, or that His mission was attended with supernatural manifestations. The inquiry is: Can you and I live a divine life now ? If in the nature of things we cannot, would we be able to form a conception of a divine life? or would the ideals associated with the character of Jesus ever exist ? How is it that this Judean peasant cannot be dismissed from our minds? From the days of Voltaire to our own, a period of intense analytic action, continued efforts have been made to stamp Him out; but the more of that there is done, the more He is present. Renan, and a host of others, try to strip Him of every thing supernatural. I object not, yet this same Renan declares that ' without Jesus of Nazareth all history is incomprehensible.' You are acquainted with the nature of things, what do they say in this case ? First: Man exists. Secondly: Emotions are the forces of his being. Thirdly: They are dual — animal emotions represented by the propensities, and divine emotions represented by manifestations of benevolence, mercy and aspirations after, and a growth into these divine attributes. All human manifestations refer themselves to these emotions, and must be either Just, Satanic, or Divine. Each has its own organic law. The Just, is the love of self, and others as self. The Satanic, is the love of self at the expense of others. The Divine, the love of others at the expense of self. Allow me to repeat the inquiry: Can you THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. and I live a divine life now 1 I answer in the affirmative ; and that it is in accordance with the nature of things to do so whenever we shall so choose. But it is not in the na' ture of things to be Satanic and Divine at the same time. Therefore, if you or I will be divine, we must come out from under the power of the emotions represented by the propensities — die to them — rise out of the Satanic, through the Just, into the Divine In short, be unearthed. We are so covered up with animal, earthly conditions, that the divine in us can hardly breathe. No need of that; when we get ready we can rise up and shake these conditions off. Why not now ? When you do, you will be the peer of the man of Nazareth ; and be ab]e to understand and to judge of Him. Otherwise, you are not His peer, and cannot judge Him. Truly your friend. D. Fraser