The Children's Grotto BOYS WANTED Boys of spirit, boys of will, Boys of muscle, brain and power, Fit to cope with any thing — These are wanted every hour. Not the weak and whining drones That all troubles magnify — Not the watchword of ' I can't,' But the noble one ' I'll try.' Do what'er you have to do With a true and earnest zeal ; Bend your sinews to the task ; ' Put your shoulder to the wheel.' Though your duty may be hard, Look not on it as on ill; If it be an honest task, Do it with an honest will. EXPLAINING A TEXT A little girl saw hanging in her Sundayschool room this text on an illuminated card : ' Let us not be weary in well-doing ; for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not.' She caught the idea of its teaching, and in attempting to repeat it at her home she gave a somewhat free rendering in this form: ' Don't you get tired in doing good ; for if you don't faint away, by and by you'll get your pay.' The truth as she put it is worth bearing in mind. THE CAMEL AND THE MILLER Did you ever hear the fable of the camel and the miller ? One night a miller was waked up by his camel trying to get his nose into the tent. 'It's very cold out here,' said the camel. ' I only want to put my nose in.' The miller made no objection. After a while the camel asked leave to have his neck in, then his fore feet ; and so, little by little, it crowded in its whole body. This, as you may well think, was very disagreeable to the miller, and he bitterly complained to the forth-putting beast. ' If you don't like it, you may go,' answered the camel. ' As for me, I've got possession, and I shall stay. You can't get rid of me 94 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. now.' Do you know what the camel is like 1 Bad habits ; little sins. Guard against the first approaches,, the most plausible excuses, only the NOSE of sin. If you do not, you are in danger. It will surely edge itself slowly in, and you are overpowered before you know it. Be on your guard. Watch. TRUST A BOY During the session of the late Episcopal convention in Boston, the Bishop of Louisiana, in crossing the Common, met a boy, whose face he fancied, and, calling to him, asked him if he had any thing to do just then, to which he said no. ' Are you a good boy 1' The little fellow scratched his head and replied : ' I am not a very good boy. T cuss a little sometimes.' That candid answer inspired the bishop with confidence, and he then said, after giving his name and address: 'I want you to go to a certain place and get a bundle for me and bring it to my hotel.' There will be a charge of eight dollars. Here is the money to pay it, and half a dollar which you will keep for doing the errand.' On his return to the hotel, the bishop's friends laughed at him for his credulity, telling him that he would never see the boy or the bundle or the money again ; but in half an hour the young chap returned, bringing the bundle and a receipted bill for eight dollars and a-half, the bishop having made a slight mistake as to the amount that was due. ' How did you manage to pay the extra half dollar?' he inquired. ' I took the money you gave me for the job. I knew that you would make it all right.' And ' all right ' it was made, and I have no doubt that the confidence that was reposed in that boy, because of his truthfulness, will do him good as long as he lives.—Bishop Glarlc.