IS CHRIST'S EXAMPLE A SAFE RULE OF LIFE It is a beautifully growing truth, evidenced by numerous contributions, finding their acceptance by and through the religious press, that Christianity is a life, and not merely an assent to this or that particularly formulated creed. It is also a beautiful subject for thought, to consider, that were Jesus living with us to-day, to what denomination could he and would he give his indorsement ? It is a satisfying fact to our minds that Jesus, instead of entering into any organization, bound by creedal limitations, simply lived a superior life to any other life previously lived, and this life is the genuine of Christianity. He faulted not the laws of Moses; he did not seek to build a church upon the ruins of Judaism; but rather urged those who sought eternal life to ' keep the commandments ;' after which, if any ' would be more perfect' than the law taught, then 'come and follow me.' It would be very well for those who use trenchant tongues and pens in denunciation of other denominations than their own to recollect, that it was many years after the death of Jesus before the formula of a Christian creed was thought of. That Jesus never intimated the necessity of any. That he simply lived the Christ life, and lovingly invited ' all who were able to come and follow ' the same. It is but fair for us to admit, that there are other religions than that of Jesus Christ which contain many elements of great salvation. The promise of God to Moses to remove all sickness from the midst of his people was fulfilled most astonishingly, by the greatest salvation from physical disorders unto all who kept the Judaical Law ; and it is a truth too frequently lost sight of, that before Jesus accepted any as fit companions for his discipleship, that he ' healed them ' of their physical infirmities. Giving credit to the law for the physical salvations it insures to its faithful adherents, we pass on to the higher salvations and redeeming qualities of genuine Christianity, found by simply following Christ's life. Regardless of the apostle's creed, or any and all other theological arrangements — and were they all lost in the labyrinths of oblivion perhaps it were better — we assert Christ's life to be the only genuine Christianity, and one that is so safe to believe in and to follow, that not only all the salvations which 90 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 91 Jesus experienced will inevitably succeed, but the redeeming features of the Christ will be attained unto thereby; and moreover, that neither the salvations nor redemptions of Christ can ever be obtained, excepting by living Christianity as Jesus lived it. While we claim for the Shaker faith directions therein unto ' a higher life ' than any predecessor of Jesus ever taught, we do not claim that any nor all are lost who do not fully live it, excepting that the loss is by comparison — they are not so fully saved nor elevated unto Christ life. We Shakers simply live as nearly like Jesus as we are able, because we deem it the very best life for us ; that it is a safe guide unto heavenly realms of thought, feeling and action, and which no other life differing from that of Jesus can lead us unto. We know the world at large differ with us, not in the theoretical admiration of the beautiful life of Jesus, the Christ; but in accepting the necessity of living like Jesus, to obtain what he obtained by so living, thus showing a practical admiration. We strive to be content, amid the jeers of a sneering world, that we have chosen the better part, in following Jesus through all of his self-denials, and are rewarded, abundantly, with salvations and redemptions which none, nor all worldly wisdom nor pleasures can secure to us, inasmuch as we unselfishly follow the Christ. So far as we are concerned, we know Christ's life is best for us ; and that is our only creed, our only Christianity. It is a safe guide to live by, it is safer to die by, and therefore we present it as best. While striving for the full attainment of the higher life and its complete redemptions like unto Christ's, we would ever be reminded that Christian life is as broad in its Charity, as it is elevated in its love of heavenly things. That it is heaven brought to earth ; and that there is in it no possibility of our being too narrow in our views to be well proportioned with our elevations. The full manhood and womanhood of Christ are known by a broad, boundless virgin purity; by an ever-pervading and boundless peace spirit; by a universal love for all mankind, and with desires for their enlightenment that Christ's life is simple and genuine Christianity, and that this is the best and safest religion known ; that those who will to live it, are made welcome to all the salvations and redemptions which heaven has ever promised, and that these are possible on the earth. As truly as we know that two and two make four, so truly do we know that a genuine Shaker life, with its practical Virgin Purity, its Peace, its Brotherly love, and Freedom from worldly taint, lead to the same happy results which Jesus Christ was resurrected unto, and that for all who ' are alia' to live it, it will prove to be a genuine and most active Christianity, and this is safe, this is best. -fe