SELF-SACRIFICE EVELYN STROWBRIDGE Among the many essential qualities which constitute the true believer's life, perhaps there is non3 more important than self-sacrifice. Human nature in its present perverted condition partakes of many evils; but selfishness is the all-prevailing sin ; for its pernicious influence unquestionably bears sway, much impeding humanity's nobler development. Mind is the propelling power that prompts our 'actions ; unless this is attuned to its Giver, a God of benefice and love, how can we progress toward the higher courts of justice and purity, or attain that culture of soul that will prepare us for the society of angels ? It seems evident that there must be a subjugation of self-will, a reconciliation to divine command, a dissolving of that selfhood which has so long stood as a detriment between the soul and its maker; and this can be wrought only through self-sacrifice. Jesus taught us how to do. He said : ' Except ye deny yourselves and take up your daily cross ye cannot be My disciples.' Herein is contained the whole truth whereby we can become reconciled to our divine Parents. When through Christian faith the effulgent rays of divine light reach and reveal the lone, meager condition of the soul, then there is an inward longing for something higher, nobler than self ; a desire for something superior, which neither the world nor its votaries can give. 'Tis then we would turn to the broad field of self-sacrifice for comfort and employ ; here we find multifarious duties which pertain to the present life and need our willing hands to perform ; and here, too, we find ' labor that is worship and prayer,' for it requires the undivided energies of the whole heart to properly execute it. The soul, it is said, 'does not feed on dust,' but being of divine origin it must forever subsist on the inexhaustible supplies of the spiritual kingdom. Self-sacrifice, when applied to spiritlife, works inwardly. ' Behold I set up a new kingdom within you ;' it takes on the yoke of Christ, and implies strict obedience to the highest convictions of Christian duty. Thus, daily deeds of self-sacrifice, wrought in humility and prayer, will continue to deepen and broaden the soul in the happifying realities of divine truth, until there is no room for that which would defile or separate the soul from its divine Creator. Enfield, Conn.