THOUGHTS SUGGESTED BY READING 'THE SHAKER'S ANSWER.' Joseph W. Nye I've read your ' Shaker's Answer ' with great care, And think your argument is strong and fair ; It well maintains the cause which you defend And my congratulations here I send ! Your calm and cogent reasoning doth prove You well have studied Christ's great law of love, Which men to practice have been ever slow, Preferring in the world's 'broad road' to go. How long alas, will mankind go astray, And in their blindness miss the better way ? Your plan of life based on the word inspired, Alone can bring the blessed time desired By bards and prophets of the olden time, Who then foretold it in their strains sublime ; The era grand when all shall know the Lord, Live by the spirit and trust in his word. When groveling sense, and appetite and pride Will be by all God's children thrown aside, When to the higher life all men will turn And of the meek and lowly Saviour learn, Who teacheth us all fleshy lusts to spurn ; The new and better way when will men find, Which works no ill to body or to mind ? The law of progress, potent in its sway, Will bring all men Christ's precepts to obey ; And those who now the higher law embrace Are benefactors of the human race ; Blessing themselves and all their neighbors too; Alas, that here we find so very few / They are the 'little' which the whole will leaven, And make the earth a foretaste sweet of heaven ! Then glory like a shining robe will fall Upon the earth and ' God be all in all;' Filled with this spirit all the earth shall be, As waters spread and fill the mighty sea! 74 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 75 Then every eye shall see come down to men The bright and shining New Jerusalem ! Keep on your way dear ' Shaker friends ' so-called, By no rude opposition be appalled, But ' shake ' old errors till their sway shall cease And men shall live in harmony and peace ! Fkiend Whiteley : During the visit of my daughter to Fitchburg last summer, she stopped awhile at your village in company with Mrs. H-----and daughter. Upon her return home she expressed much pleasure in regard to her visit to Shirley, and brought me your (Shaker's) 'Answer' which has prompted the above lines. ' May the Lord bless you and keep you, and cause His face to shine upon you and give you peace.' To which Sarah heartily responds. Lynn, Mass.