IS A VIRGIN LIFE CONTRARY TO LAW ? No. I. DANIEL FRASER This inquiry is presented to a numerous class — rich and poor, religious and irreligious, learned and unlearned — all ready to affirm, and quite sure that the life lived by the Shakers is contrary to the ; great command, ' multiply and replenish,' etc. The unanimity displayed by the whole class is remarkable. They see nothing in this question but ' the great command,' being quite oblivious to the fact that functions abused annul the right to exercise them. And that the last order of a general in command takes the precedence of the former order. Hence, to the woman, ' Thy desire being not to fulfill the law of use, but to thy husband, thy conceptions shall be multiplied, and he shall rule over thee, and in sorrow shalt thou bring forth.' To the man, ' Thorns and thistles shall the earthly man bring forth, and in the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread.' These words truthfully portray the present condition of humanity. Evasions of the command, ' In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread,' has torn empires into pieces, and thrown their civilizations to the winds, and now is the cause of untold human suffering within the British empire alone. More than twenty millions of persons have perished from this cause during the present century. Hence all human governments are unstable. The evasion of this requirement in our day by a portion of the people of the Southern States shook modern civilization to its center. The settlement of the ' great conflict ' by the people of the Northern States 79 80 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. has left a tremor in the heart of every Euro pean monarch. And Ireland — gaunt anc hungry Ireland —has but to shake her lank and toil-worn finger and England's princes tremble in their palaces. Why so ? Because in the sweat of the laborer's face they have eaten bread. [There is a growing feeling in the minds of many that man has lost all right to procreate ; this feeling is predicated on the facts attendant on procreation and without reference to inspirational revealments. This feeling is fully sustained by the scriptures, not merely by an isolated passage, but by special enactment and 'concurring texts — 'If a woman has borne a man-child she shall be unclean seven days ; and for thirty-three days she shall continue in the work of purification. When these days are fulfilled she shall bring a burnt'offering, and a sin offering, and atonement will be made for her.'] In summing up the whole matter'as regards the primal and subsequent commands in plain English the terms are, ' You Adam and Eve have broken the conditions of the primal command — have chosen to replenish the earth in your own way, without reference to the well-being present or prospective of your offspring; hence the earthly man brings forth thistles and thorns in abundance.' Setting aside the consideration of 'all commands and penalties, I purpose to show from the spiritual constitution of man, and from the awful consequences 'of replenishing the'1 earth' irrespective of hygienic and providential laws, that a virgin life is not contrary to either natural or revealed laws, but in harmony with them. First. Man is in possession of and manifests a two-fold life — an animal life, represented by animal emotions ; and'aninner/a higher life, represented by the emotions of benevolence, mercy, and aspirations Godward. Secondly. Adam and Eve are the type'of the animal man ; within their province lies the work of procreation ; but ' the day thou eatest thereof' contrary to law ' thou shalt surely die, shame shall cover thee, and in anguish shalt thou bring forth.' A correct delineation of the present condition of man. kind. Additional evidence that law has been, and is violated, is found in the numerous diseases, especially the sexual, which afflict humanity. Ihirdly. Christ was the type of the new — the inner man : ' This is my beloved Son in whom I am well pleased.' He was not of the world ; His life (not His death) constituted the resurrection. He lived a virgin life, and all in His life are as He was. And wherever two or three are gathered together in that life they constitute a new order of human society — the resurrection or Christ order ; having property in common ; the strong bearing the burdens of the weak as do the Shakers. ' By their works shall they be known.' Fourthly. Can the new man marry and be given in marriage and follow Father Adam, the old man, and still be the new man ? He cannot; that which is flesh is flesh, and that which is spirit is spirit ; that which is animal is animal, and that which is divine is divine. These are contrary the one to the other. To live as Christ lived — be angelic and fulfill the desires of the flesh and of the mind too are an impossibility. Therefore a virgin life is according to law being a condition of the divine—the Christlife. Fifthly. Was Jesus who took on Himself the nature of His brethren whom He came to redeem a celibate ? He was. And did the members of the Pentecostal Church live a virgin-life ? They did. As proof thereof they had goods] in common and abstained from war. This virgin order of society existed about two hundred years. Had they married there would have been among them a plurality of centers of affection and of interest, consequently a community of goods could not have been maintained, and peace much less. Sixthly. Are the so-called Christians of to-day lineal descendants of the Pentecostal Church ? They are not. They are the lineal descendants of the children of this world. They marry, hold private property, take advantage of one another, fight a great deal, and quarrel generally. It was aid of them, by one of themselves, ' That Aere is no peace in the church, in the meet- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 81 ing-house, in the school-house, in the sewing circle, nor anywhere else among them.' Seventhly. Should the Adamic man cease from committing sin and propagate in acoordance with law, would he still be the old man ? He would still be the old man, beautiful in his order, but of the earth earthy. Eighthly. Can any infer that it is in accordance with the higher nature or life in man to be heavenly while he is in the body ? I can. It is heavenly principles worked out — embodied, which constitutes heaven. Such principles, when operative, will bring forth heavenly fruit without reference to locality, whether on earth or in the spirit land. In heaven they do not marry ; therefore if heaven is ever found on earth neither will they who are in the kingdom marry; they will live a life of purity, assuming a virgin state as a first condition that they are not of the world — that they have left the kingdom of Adam.for an order which is not after the will of the flesh. Ninthly. You have quoted from the scriptures showing that celibacy is a condition of the higher life, but what manifestations have been presented in the history of our race that a virgin life is a condition necessary to the fulfillment of human wants and desires, aaid wants and desires being in ac cordance with any law of man's nature ? We can only know of law by its manifes tations, and that there is a law in our nature responding to a virgin life is evident ; it has cropped out in all ages from the earliest historic times; it was manifested in the theraputse of Egypt, among the Jews in the Nazerites, and was developed as a permanent institution in the communities of the Essenes. It may be traced among the Brahmins, and Ascetics of India, and also in China and Japan. The order of the vestal priestesses in the Roman temples lasted about a thousand years ; no persons could have been more trusted than these females were. This virgin order gave sanctity and power even to pagan worship, and shows the innate veneration of the human spirit for a life of absolute purity. The monastic orders of Europe speak of its existence from the days of the apostles down to the present hour, a period of nearly two thousand years. And a class of heretics (so-called) by the Catholic church boldly declared that law to be written in their hearts, and they lived it out in their lives. Lastly. The Shakers of America are living respondents to that law in our nature, a law of the inner life ; that absolute purity of body and spirit is a condition necessary to the fulfillment of their wants and desires; and is an essential preliminary to their happiness, namely the manifestation and life of God in their spirits. They believe that all may enter into a heavenly state by cultivating heavenly principles, and that it is their mission tokeepan open door for all who live as Jesus lived, and walk as He did walk. Christ was the first born of many brethren ; so Ann Lee by entering the resurrection order (as did Jesus) being baptized with the same spirit, she became the first born of many sisters. The Apostle Paul, the representative of many millions, in speaking of the law above referred to, said : 'I feel a law in my members' — animal passions —' warring against the law of my mind ' he thanked God and gloried in the cross, as a way of deliverance from the emotions of an animal nature, and responding practically to the law of his mind — the higher — the life of God hid in every human spirit; he lived a virgin life. The natives of Mexico before being invaded by the Spaniards never heard of Paul nor of the virgin life of the PentecostalChristians who abstained from war and held goods in common—an order of human society after the law of the spirit of life as it is in Christ Jesus. They never heard of such, yet they from the law written on their hearts responded to the fact of an inner life and to the dignity of the person who lives according to its law. On the invasion of their country they took prisoner a certain person ; they discovered that he was a celibate; this to them was a matter of great interest, and they sat their wits to work to test how much of a celibate he was. Having exhausted their ingenuity and found him steadfast they then reverenced and almost worshiped him. They had found a man who for a high purpose restrained the emo- 82 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. tions of his animal nature, and the inference was that he was a superior being, and so he was ; his life was a response to the law of the higher life, and their admiration was a response to the latent higher life within themselves. When any person ceases to respond in reverence to the manifestations of self-denial in individuals or in a people they may assure themselves that they are under the power of animal emotional life and have taken more than one step in the downward road of degradation appertaining thereto. The sentiments of the natives of Mexico were identical with those of Paul and the millions he represents. From the four quarters of the globe we have concurring testimony that wherever man has progressed beyond being a mere animal, the law of the higher life has broken forth. First in history is Asia, for thousands of years celibacy has nourished on her soil. In Africa, in the dark sublimity of Egyptian history, there stands forth celibate institutions. Europe, for more than two thou sand years, has responded to Asia and Africa in similar manifestations. And, strange to say, before Columbus touched the shores of this western world the people of Mexico and Peru had each their civilizations, and among them also the law of the higher life broke forth in celibate institutions. Having these abundant evidences in view is it not due to the testimony advanced to affirm that a virgin life is founded on a law in our being, the divine element in humanity, which, when operative in human spirts as in Jesus, will bring forth manifestations of God the Father as did the well-beloved Son. He in living the higher life became a son of God — ceased to be a son of Adam — died to his animal emotions which he had in common with men. Hence Jesus Christ stands at the head of the new creation, even as Adam is at the head of the old. The idea that a virgin life is a contravention of the Creator's plan in creating man is a one-sided thought, and a low estimate of man's ultimate destiny, and is neither sustained by the nature of man nor by the analogy of created 'things. Jesus in all His more important teachings made use of natural things to illustrate those of heavenly life. He likened the kingdom of heaven in its various phases to corresponding natural objects, and showed that human beings were as much the subjects of being reaped as the grain they sowed. ---------------4--------------