FRUITS OF THE HARVEST O. C. HAMPTON For many long and weary years, as I stated in my last, I continued to struggle against my lower, rudimental proclivities, observing the serenity and perfect spiritual repose of many who had long preceded me in the Christian warfare : and yearning and longing, with groanings and earnest prayers, to enter into that eternal rest with them, which I was fully convinced they had entered into here even in this life. I was well convinced, from constant association with them, they had had no reason to wait the scenes of a future life to realize the ' powers of the world to come,' with its saving, comforting, healing inspirations ; for a measure of these I was often made to feel for a season, by impartation from them ; sometimes in such effusions of love and power as to drive all insinuations from the side of my lower instincts, far away from me even 'into the uttermost parts of Egypt,' and leave me as it were, translated to the highest Heaven of peace and tranquillity. The exact process of my experience has been, in regard to this spiritual exodus from rudimental to higher planes, that the seasons of temptation have gradually shortened, and the seasons of releasement and invulnerable triumph lengthened, until at last I enjoy the very same state of immunity from temptation and sorrowl looked upon in others with such longings and deep yearnings of spirit in other years — others whom I was sure had entered into deep spiritual rest and at-one-ment with the spirit of God. How it might have fared with me had I been practically unsettled, wavering and vacillating, I cannot say ; it would probably have postponed the good days of final and effectual victory for years ; but from the first day of my religious experience, I am not aware of having yielded to lower impulses of soul or body once. I seem to have entered a serene and delicious region of everlasting consolations which are to be met on every hand — precious fruits of the higher life — pleasure in doing good — enjoyment of sweet purity— love toward brethren and sisters — cheerfulness and gladness in all duties, together with the hundred fold of houses, lands, brethren and sisters; and above all, the actual fruition and experience of that eternal life and peace which I was formerly only able to hope for. or to enjoy the realities of, but for a very little season at a time. Now it is a constant ' well of water, springing up unto everlasting life.' I often dream of reoccupying those old battle grounds of former years, only to wake up and find the blissful reality of releasement and immunity from them forever. Moreover, having kept a journal of my entire life-history, both of the scenes of sorrow and temptation and the delicious afterdeliverances of joy and ensuing peace and restful sense of victory, I often read over those lonely pilgrimages; those times and places of refreshment, and feel like the mariner who hears the far-off boom of the ocean storm, but is safely and cozily moored, far from its dangers forever. 0, that men would prove the words of Jesus Christ and Ann Lee to the end ! How immeasurably transcending all the pleasures to be enjoyed upon the poor, low plane of rudimental existence. If these encouraging words will nerve any Zion traveler, old or young, to the glorious struggle for life eternal, I shall THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. be many times rewarded for the pains I have taken to write them. Union Village, 0.