ONE MAN - ONE CHRIST - ONE GOD GILES B. AVERY The use sometimes made of words in a language confounds the senses, and misleads the understanding. Much theological controversy and discussion is ofttimes simply the result of a want of knowledge by the reader, or listener, of the meaning the writer or speaker had in mind when using the word or term considered. The scriptures abound with tropes. To illustrate, slightly, we refer to the scriptural use of the words 'All;' 'Judea;' ' region;'' in the sentence: 'Then went out to Him all Judea, and all the region round about Jordan.' ' All,' meaning simply a large number ; ' Judea' is a country ; it could not go to Jesus ; the same of '•region' — an extent of country; this could not go to Jesus; but these are figures of speech, meaning the people of Judea and the region. Again: 'Let the floods clap their hands, let the hills be joyful together.' ' The ploughmen ploughed upon my back, they made long their furrows.' Such, and multitudes of others, being tropes. 'Moods' meaning multitudes of people ; and ' hills ' dignitaries of peoples ; 'ploughmen' meaning chastisers or persecutors. Thus also the language of Jesus: ' Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature ;' the term ' all the world ' having reference to a wide region, within the bounds of the apostles' capacity; and ' every creature,'* meaning all classes of people, capable of re76 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 77 ceimng the testimony; not to the lower orders of animal creation. In speaking of the human race, the genus homo, both scriptural and secular language alike use the word Man in a bi-sexual sense, meaning both man and woman; also the myriads of the human race. In this sense there is but one man — a race of beings. This meaning of the word Man is also used in expressing perfect gospel unity and love, freed from the divisions engendered by violations of God's laws. Thus, as sung by [the poetess: 'In thee* the veil (of separation) is rent and gone, And love is sweetly flowing; The male and female are but one To full perfection growing.' This is synonymous with the scripture language : ' In Christ there is neither male nor female ;' meaning generatively. Conformable to the foregoing, there is but one Christ; Christ meaning the Order of intelligences constituted by being anointed agent to minister the ligJit, knoioledge, and power of salvation and redemption from the nature of sin to the family of man. This Order of intelligences, whether two or more, constitutes the genus Christos. But, at the same time, we understand this Order to embrace both male and female, and that the female man was as really chosen and anointed, made Christ, to perform the Christ service, as was Jesus, the male ; thus adapting the characteristics of the gospel's savory plan to all the intricacies and delicacies] of human nature. In the foregoing summary, also, we speak of One God, meaning the Supreme Parentage of Creation — a Divine Father and Mother, constituting the genus Deus. — The God Order! But there are other forms of expression by which a person might be misled who is unacquainted with this idiom of the English language or with the theology of the revelation of God, as manifested by the Second Appearing of the Christ Order in the female, thus revealing the Motherhood of God,—-to suppose that this theology taught numerous Gods ! Thus, as we have the scripture language : ' And God said let us make man in our image and likeness,' * Man, purified by the fire of truth. meaning God, constituted of the principles or attributes of both sexes. To render this sentiment entirely unambiguous, except in the foregoing signification of the use of the word Man, the language should be : ' And the Gods said, let us,' etc. And since ' He that hath the Bride is the Bridegroom, ' in like use ofjlanguage we should say, ' And the Christs said, no man cometh to the Father' (and Mother) — God, 'but by ' us, instead of ' Me.' But at the time Jesus said ' Me,' in the above sentence, the Bride Christ had not been revealed. The Man — Jesus Christ — revealed the Fatherhood of God, and the Woman — Ann Christ — revealed the Motherhood of God. Thus the Christians of the primitive Church were only ' Children of God by adoption.' If there was a perfect Christ Order in the spirit world previous to itB advent through Jesus and Ann, it was beyond the knowledge of the inhabitants of earth ; perhaps beyond the ken of Jesus when He uttered the foregoing sentence, and further said : ' I am the way, truth and life ; and he that climbeth up some other way, the same is a] thief and a robber.' 'All power is given unto Me in heaven and in earth.' The word ' sphere' is also sometimes used so as to mislead for want of qualifying expressions ; it is a word ofmany meanings, but a prominent one is ' An Order of beings.' This use and understanding are sometimes confounded as referring to the character of beings. Thus the angel sphere is often understood to mean exclusively good angels ; whereas angels, as an Order of beings, are by no means all good ! There are devilish angels. But in the sense of an Order of'intelligences, we may appropriately apply the term ' sphere' to Deity —The Divine sphere. To Christ —The Christ sphere, meaning the abode of all spirits of the Christ Order, male and female. Thus, also, may we use the terms, Angel sphere, Human sphere, etc., referring to orders of intelligences. ^But if Jesus was the ' First begotten son of God,' and for a time, ' The only begotten son of God ;' if he was the Second Adam, the Lord from Heaven, a quickening spirit ; ' the beginning of the Creation (New Crea- 78 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. tion) of God,' of whom it is written: ' When He bringeth His first begotten into the world. He saith : ' Let all the Angels of God worship Him;' ' was He not the beginning of the Christ sphere \ At least, as far as revealed to mortals? Both Jesus and Ann had, while on earth, as real a mission to souls in the spirit world as to those in time. Mother Ann was known to spend much time when her soul was exclusively exercised in labors with souls in the spirit world. And if the myriads of souls who entered the spirit world waited thousands of years for the advent of their Redeemer, it was no more for them than for those of the same race on earth. All the human family wait still for the immense progress of future ages, in the same manner. But our Mother Ann's testimony was : ' All souls will be privileged with a knowledge of this gospel testimony, either in time or eternity.' Shakers, N. Y..