WHAT IS HOME? ELIZAETTE SUTTON Webster defines the word, and yet we are not quite satisfied with it as merely the ' house in which we live.' One has said ; 'Home is not only four square walls.' Another says: ' Home is where there are friends to love us.' We can but accept this, because it is the most congenial to instinct, as well as to our cultivated tastes. We cannot say that home is the work of artisans, though the arrangement of the structure may be altogether lovely, grand in form, in color and value, every thing tidy and full of neatness to the eye. We admit that all this lives in imagination, with a wish to be gratified, and which moves to action, and forces its way in home objects. Home is anywhere where there is an interest in the soul for high purposes. There are classes of people who distinguish themselves apart from society, with no appreciation of outward embellishments, who have homes of intense interest and profit. The recluse in the mountains ; the hermit in a solitary cave ; the secluded monk. They never tire of devoting themselves (in their way) to restrictions in worldly show and ambition for the radiance of divine light and influence, proving that that home consists in peace of mind — in living for an object, and that, a virtuous, self-denying one. Moral excellence creates a home, and secures limitless comforts and associations of true happiness; but 'excellence ' is never granted to us but as the reward of labor. It requires, indeed, much strength of mind to persevere in habits of industry without the pleasure of perceiving those advances, which, like the hand of a clock, whilst they make hourly approaches to their point, yet proceed so slowly as to escape observation. ' The groveling narrow mind, with little or no conception of a future state, sustains itself, by low, inferior means; it neither sees nor feels the bliss of home culture in its truest meaning. Broad minds have no rest nor peace in small circles ; they must inherit the earth scientifically, as well as the heavens spiritually. They expand with every new and appropriate development, socially, morally, intellectually and spiritually. Progress paves their way to all useful knowledge, and hope arises with every new step taken toward the summit of perfection. Life fraught with good intentions, noble themes and high aspirations for pure principles, makes home, and not the fallacy of art within mortared walls. With our mortal existence, based upon immortal life and its controlling power, our home is made THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. beautiful— it is all fitting for the nobles of earth, whatever their profession, caste or emoluments have been. Classics are not without their power in building up the New Earth, as well as the New Heavens. All pervading is the spirit of truth ; it lives in the hearts of men and women, and needs but the genial rays of the gospel sun to quicken it into action, thereby harvesting individuals from nature's realm into the kingdom of Christ. We need not go to the homes of earth in a worldly life, for a compensation of joys, incident to a heavenly home of unsurpassed merit and worth. Genuine happiness is found in home sacrifices, in patient hearts who toil in love and sympathy for the whole household. We need not follow the mourner along life's way for a cordial of hope and cheer; for the resurrecting power is in every Christian heart, preparing it for the enjoyment of a perfect heaven. My dear friends, this being New Year's day a retrospect of the past year may aid us somewhat, in the fulfillment of obligations in the future. If, with the eye of faith, we see failures in the time that has been allotted us for improvement, let us hold ourselves in greater subjection to principles in this year which we have just entered upon; remembering that the statue of the perfect man and woman is attained only by slow gradations of travel, study of food and patience. Our experience teaches us that the first victory over a weakness or fault renders the succeeding ones easier, until the combat is really desired for the gain of conquest. We must not place our hopes on impossibilities and think to conserve the elements of the world, and still be in the cause of faith and victory. The limits are sure ; we cannot be in possession of both at one and the same time. We are called into a Christian life, let us pursue it with an honorable spirit and not be baffled in Christian attainments ; divest ourselves of the old and put on a new attire of love and goodwill to all in this new year ; strive to live so that the beautiful will be present at all times and in all places. Home-serving principles go before all others in this enlightened age. The more we enter into the duties of home the more our influence is felt for its improvement. If a sweet temper guides our steps, pangs of remorse cannot follow ; if we light up every department of home with a smile, a word of cheer, affectionate encouragement and enduring friendship, how can we fail to acquire noble conditions, in which we can say with the one of old, How goodly are thy tents, 0 Jacob, and thy tabernacles O Israel.