Correspondence NIHILISM - SOCIALISM - SHAKERISM WHICH? Ed. S. Manifesto : Though absent from you in body, I am often with you — and ' the Zion of our God'—-in spirit, with you in moral travel, and with you in your earnest efforts to rightly educate and build up a divine humanity, golden with moral beauty, purity and love. Traveling, as I do, staff in hand, in nearly all lands and climes — Russia, France and America— I cannot well fail of hearing the ringing words Nihilism, Socialism, Shakerism — a trinity of unlikes! But what is Nihilism, and what do Russians mean by it? They mean j ust this : anarchy — destruction without reconstruction. The existence of God, the national government, religion, morality and family laws are to the Nihilists equally odious, and should be utterly destroyed. Because 'nothing' as it exists suits them, they are called Nihilists, maintaining ' that no one should be bound by laws, or even moral obligations of any kind, but that everybody should be allowed to do exactly as he pleases.' But I prefer to let Michael Bakunin, the father of the Nihilistic movement in Europe, speak for himself. These are among his published words : The world is a lie. The lie must be stamped out. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 87 It is our mission to destroy the Lie ; and, to effect this, we must begin at the very commencement. Now, the beginning of all those lies which have ground down this poor world in slavery is God. For many hundred years monarchs and priests have inoculated the hearts and minds of mankind with this notion of a God ruling over the world. They have also invented for the people the notion of another world, in which their God is to punish those who have refused to obey their degrading laws here on earth. This God is nothing but the personification of absolute tyranny, and has been invented with a view of either frightening or alluring nine-tenths of the human race into submission to the remaining tenth. * * * Tear out of your hearts the belief in the existence of God; for, as long as an atom of that silly superstition remains in your minds, you will never know what freedom is. When you have got rid of the belief in this priest-begotten God, and when, moreover, you are convinced that your existence, and that of the surrounding world, is due to the conglomeration of atoms, in accordance with the laws of gravity and attraction, then, and then only, you will have accomplished the first step toward liberty, and you will experience less difficulty in ridding your minds of that second lie which tyranny has invented. The first lie is God. The second lie is Right. Might invented the fiction of Right. When you have freed your minds from the fear of a God, and from that childish respect for the fiction of Bight, then all the remaining chains which bind you, and which are called science, civilization, property, marriage, morality and justice, will snap asunder like threads. Let your own happiness be your only law. * * * The only revolution which can remedy the ills of the people is that which will tear up every notion of government by its very roots. Having this object in view, the Revolutionary Committee does not propose to subject the people to any directing organization. The future order of things will doubtless originate with the people themselves; but we must leave that to future generations. Our mission is only one of universal, relentless and terror-striking destruction. If the above doctrines and iconoclastic theories were not begotten of the devil and cradled in the ' hells,' to use a term of Swedenborg, then devils and hells have no existence. And yet, such principles and such abominable atheistic teachings and political theories not only find a response in the hearts of certain bumptious Americans, but they quite generally crop out at the ' Free-thinking' conventions of Materialists. But is the Socialism of Germany, or the Communism that so often boils and bubbles up in France, preferable in any way to the Nihilism of Russia? Arriving in Paris, on my first tour around the world, I saw the signs of war and Communistic vandalism. Think of it : the Commune shouting ' liberty, fraternity and equality ! ' and yet murdering the clergy, firing the city of Paris, and obliterating all evidences of former genius and culture! Possibly the Thiers government was a little oppressive ; but did this justify the cry of the mad multitude, ' Repeal all law I' —' Fire the churches ! ' — ' Suppress the newspapers!' — ' Abolish marriages!'—burn the museums,the libraries and the granaries, and other atrocities of the Commune ? Lest I be thought partisan and partial in arraigning and condemning such phases of Nihilism, Socialism and Communism of the old world as are finding sympathizers in this country, permit me to quote from the late Brooklyn speech of Hon. E. B. Washburne, ex-Minister to France : When the National Guard became mutinous, unfortunately the government did not act at once and disarm it at whatever cost. It took no resolute steps in that direction, and the spirit of insubordination grew by what it fed on. * * * * The insurrection of the 18th of March, 1871, was the commencement of an orgy of blood and crime, incendiarism, cruelty, ruin and desolation, in the presence of which the world stands aghast. It was on the morning of the 18th of March that the Government had attempted to get possession of the heights of Montmartre and retake the cannon which were in the possession of the National Guard ; but that movement utterly failed, for as soon as the National Guard and the Government troops came within sight of each other the Government troops fraternized with the guard and refused to fire upon them. By four o'clock in the afternoon the insurrectionist forces practically controlled the whole city. They had seized two gentlemen, General Clement Thomas and Lecomte, bringing them to a mock court-martial in a little room. They were condemned to death, and immediately shot in an adjoining garden. The Government, seeing the desperate situation.without THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. any means of defense, immediately left Paris for Versailles, leaving the National Guard in absolute control of the city. * * The men put in power by the Commune had neither honesty, ability, nor executive capacity. There was no weight to be given to the talk of these men that they were fighting for their liberty and municipal rights. It was a fight merely for power and plunder, and to free themselves from the restraints of law. Governed by no principle and having no regard for public right, they bawled for a Republic; but their first act was to murder General Clement Thomas, a republican all his life, driven out of France as such, by Napoleon, at the coup d'etat of 1851, and only returning to his native land after eighteen years of exile to offer his sword to his country in the hour of her direst need. The reign of the Commune was the force of desperate and wicked men, unlimited, unchecked, unrestrained by any human power. The most infamous and bloody decrees were issued by the Commune. Fortune, business, public and rjrivate, every industry, labor, financial enterprise, were all buried in one common grave, and there was everywhere devastation, desolation and ruin. There was the commission of every outrage, plunder, imprisonment, robbery and every species of persecution. * * * The governing power during this period was a body calling itself the Commune of Paris, and the members were the most desperate and debauched scoundrels in all the purlieus of the city, but many of them highly educated and cultivated men. They were far more infamous than the same class of men in the worst days of the Roman Empire, whose names have been consigned to eternal infamy by the pen of Tacitus. The orders of this body were instantly and summarily executed by the National Guard, fed, pampered and corrupted, ever ready to carry out its infernal behests, restrained by no fear of the laws of God nor man, and with appetites whetted for plunder and blood, murder, burning, imprisonment and torture. They burned down the Tuileries and the house of Thiers ; they burned the Hotel de Ville and the buildings of the Ministry of Finance and Police, and the Legion of Honor, the great palace of the Court of Cassation, and overturned the Column Vendome and at last endeavored to burn the whole city. I quote thus largely from the records and doings of Nihilism, Socialism and French Communism that the chasm — the varied contrast between those theories of ambitious worldly men — sometimes called ' progressives'— and the true genius and logical outcome of Shakerism, alias law, order and spiritual growth, may appear the more wide and appalling. The primordial principles of Shakerism, if I rightly understand them, are purity, peace and a united inheritance. These principles are permanent and unchangeable, and accordingly the divine church of the ages built upon them—the Apostolic church warmed by the pentecostal fires of spiritual truth, was and necessarily is conservative— that is to say it conserves the good and the true of the past, while it appropriates all that is good and wise and true in the present. If I correctly read the world this is the drift period—the age of unrest. The old order of things is unsettled, and the noisy and pretentious flock to the front. The solid-pillar men in every age are retiring and quiet. I feel quite sure that since our civil war America has been waxing worse and worse, morally and spiritually. The war-shadow, through reflex action, is still over us, an irreligious, unprincipled ' Socialism ' is being diffused through the land, indulging in such sentiments as these : ' Away with all restraint,' ' the passions should have free play,' ' let nature take her course,' ' be independent,' ' be free.' These impulses and teachings are the dogmas of demons. There is a class of spiritists, and certain ex-Shakers, who are everlastingly dilating upon ' liberty ' and ' more freedom.' These do not seem to distinguish between liberty and license, between law and the disorderly elements of a wild, uncultivated nature. Freedom is a curse to mean, uncultured, impulsive, and unbalanced men. Only angels can safely live in, and breathe the atmosphere of absolute freedom. This persistent shriek for freedom is often ill-timed. There is not a blood-sucking mosquito this side the 'dismal swamp'' of the South,but that says, ' give me freedom.' There's not a prowling wolf in the forest, but that says, ' away with the walls that inclose the sheepfold ; give me freedom!' There's not a brawling inebriate — red-faced and profane, reeling out from the liquor den — that does not say, ' give me freedom — I have an inalienable right to drink, or put into my 88 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 89 body what I please.' None can fail to see that this is the boast of the brute — the reasoning of the animal rather than the man, or the angel. That truly great English writer, Ruskin, says: You hear every day great numbers of foolish people speaking about liberty, as if it were such an honorable thing; so far from being that, it is, on the whole, and in the broadest sense, dishonorable, and an attribute of the lower creatures. No human being, however great or powerful, was ever so free as a fish. There is always something that he must or must not do ; while the fish may do whatever he likes. * * * Throughout the world, of the two abstract things, liberty and restraint, restraint is always the more honorable. It is true, indeed, that in these and all other matters you never can reason finally from the abstraction,' for both liberty and restraint are good when they are nobly chosen, and both are bad when they are basely chosen; but of the two, I repeat, it is restraint which characterizes the higher creature, and betters the lower creature ; and, from the ministering of the archangel to the labor of the insect — from the poisinsg of the planets to the gravitation of a grain of dust—'the power and glory of all creatures, and all matter, consist in their obedience, not in their freedom. Freedom with its proper limitations is well, and so knowledge is well, but this persistent search for knowledge, rather than for wisdom and moral truth, is to be numbered among the follies of the age. The highest significance of the universe is not the gathering of shells — not the collection of dry facts; nor the study of rigid physical laws; but in studying a living humanity, and seeking the baptismal light of heaven, that sickness may be remedied, poverty abolished, penitentiaries transformed into schools of reform, the moral nature of the masses quickened, and the Christ-spirit of love, and peace, and purity, made the crowning glory of a resurrected humanity. Shakerism, seen in connection with the incoming cycle, is all rainbowed with promise, and aflame with the light and the love of God. Power does not consist in numbers. The gulf stream, in comparison with the ocean, is small; it sometimes seems as though the ocean would swallow it up; yet there it remains in the ocean, but not of the ocean; there it remains an everlasting river flowing steadily, bearing the choice treasures of the tropics to colder climes — changing temperatures, modifying the swift-footed winds, spreading the greater blessings of summer warmth — and all as a potency and promise of golden fruitage and a waving harvest. So with believers, in the world, but not of the world — so with truth victorious in the end. J. M. Peebles Harnmonton, N. J. QUERIES TO A BOSTON MATERIALIST Respected Friend : I have read your article ' Jesus and the Gospel.' The inquiry is not whether Jesus of Nazareth ever lived, or had an immaculate conception, or that His mission was attended with supernatural manifestations. The inquiry is: Can you and I live a divine life now ? If in the nature of things we cannot, would we be able to form a conception of a divine life? or would the ideals associated with the character of Jesus ever exist ? How is it that this Judean peasant cannot be dismissed from our minds? From the days of Voltaire to our own, a period of intense analytic action, continued efforts have been made to stamp Him out; but the more of that there is done, the more He is present. Renan, and a host of others, try to strip Him of every thing supernatural. I object not, yet this same Renan declares that ' without Jesus of Nazareth all history is incomprehensible.' You are acquainted with the nature of things, what do they say in this case ? First: Man exists. Secondly: Emotions are the forces of his being. Thirdly: They are dual — animal emotions represented by the propensities, and divine emotions represented by manifestations of benevolence, mercy and aspirations after, and a growth into these divine attributes. All human manifestations refer themselves to these emotions, and must be either Just, Satanic, or Divine. Each has its own organic law. The Just, is the love of self, and others as self. The Satanic, is the love of self at the expense of others. The Divine, the love of others at the expense of self. Allow me to repeat the inquiry: Can you THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. and I live a divine life now 1 I answer in the affirmative ; and that it is in accordance with the nature of things to do so whenever we shall so choose. But it is not in the na' ture of things to be Satanic and Divine at the same time. Therefore, if you or I will be divine, we must come out from under the power of the emotions represented by the propensities — die to them — rise out of the Satanic, through the Just, into the Divine In short, be unearthed. We are so covered up with animal, earthly conditions, that the divine in us can hardly breathe. No need of that; when we get ready we can rise up and shake these conditions off. Why not now ? When you do, you will be the peer of the man of Nazareth ; and be ab]e to understand and to judge of Him. Otherwise, you are not His peer, and cannot judge Him. Truly your friend. D. Fraser