THE VISION OF EMIR ABDOUL, OR In Union Alone are we Conquerors. granville t. sproat Among all the Caliphs of the East there was no one more beloved than Emir Abdoul, the venerable Caliph of Damascus.(1) He was a lineal descendant of the family'of the Prophet, and'was known throughout all the East'as 'the'' wise and good Caliph.' Whenever j^he appeared in the streets of Damascus the old men stood still at his approach, and put their fingers to their lips; and the young men bowed themselves three times to the earth, and stretched forth their hands to touch the hem of his mantle, on which were inscribed verses from the Koran, written by Allah, the Great, and the Good. About the middle of the month Sivan, the Caliph summoned into his presence the four captains who had charge of his faithful band of followers, and said unto them, ' Make ready and prepare on the morrow to go with me on a pilgrimage to the Holy City, and to the Mosque of St. Omar — for whom Allah be praised. I long to gaze once more on the Sacred Stone, and the prints of the Prophet's footsteps, and the fingers of the Angel Gabriel impressed on the solid rock.(2) Let the Koran—the Book of the holy Prophet — be placed before me on the camel on which I shall ride — that I may gather gems from its golden treasure, on my way to the Holy City.(3) So, on the morrow, the whole company assembled before the palace of the Caliph, and with them their beasts of burden — elephants, and camels, and dromedaries, loaded with the fruits of the East — dates, and figs, and pomegranates; and bottles of the sweet wine of Lebanon ;(4) with rich presents of gold and silver for the adornment of the walls and roof of the beautiful Mosque of St. Omar, at Jerusalem. With many prayers and invocations to Allah they started on their journey. They traveled all day over the beautiful plains of Damascus, called by the Persians ' one of the four Paradises of the East.'(5) Groves and gardens were like those of Eden ; and crystal fountains sparkled on every side. They crossed the ' Plain of Roses ' where Allah first planted the beautiful damask rose. At night they made their encampment under the shadow of Mt. Hermon. There the good Caliph pitched his tent, and called on all the Faithful to worship. He read to them, standing in the door of his tent, from the Koran, words of wisdom uttered by the Prophet, and the story of Adam and the first Eden.(6) Then they all knelt with their faces toward the Holy City, and repeated the closing words of the Muezzin, calling on all the Faithful to prayer.(?) The next morning they started on their journey, and soon reached the sultry plains of Petrea, in Palestine. After traveling all day over those parched and burning plains, they rested at night under the shade of the palm trees, by the well—Ozoff. Here the Caliph again pitched his tent, and they gave their beasts of burden drink from the cool waters of the well.(8) A repast was spread under the palm trees, consisting of dates, and figs, and honey from the valley of the Jordan, and, for bread, the sweet wafer cakes of Palestine.(9) Early the next morning two messengers were sent out on swift dromedaries to prepare the way for the company, when they should travel the mountain passes of Lebanon. (10) Toward evening the messengers returned with these words: ' A rock heavy and massive has fallen from the hoary summit of Lebanon,(ll) crushing the cedars in its way, and has buried itself deeply in the valley below; so that none can pass over it on their way to the Mosque of St. Omar and the Holy City.' Then arose Emir Abdoul, the Wise, and called for the four captain s of the company, and said to them, ' Arise, take with you the elephants, the camels and the dromedaries, and take ropes of camel's hair, very strong, and hasten to remove the rock from the mountain-pass of Lebanon, that the Faithful may pass over.' So these men arose, and with them went a large company to remove the rock; but the Caliph remained under the palm trees, by the well—Ozoff. THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 115 On the second day a messenger returned to the Caliph, and bowed himself before him, and said with many tears, and much trembling, ' Oh, son of the Prophet of the Highest! it is with shame and confusion of face I come before thee, to bring the tidings of evil this day! — in vain, with our elephants, our camels, and our dromedaries have we strove to remove the rock that blocks the way to the Holy City. It stands firm as the cedars of Lebanon, and strong as the hills that surround the city of the Faithful. It is as if Azael, the Angel of Death, or hosts of darkly-veiled, head-covered spirits whom the Prophet cursed,(12) had arisen from the cavern with seven gates,(13) and were brooding over the stone, and crushing it to the earth. Surely, the wrath of Allah, the Terrible, is kindled against his children ! In vain they cry, ' Allah ! Hu I' and beat their breasts before him ! He does not regard their prayers, or listen to their cries ! No longer does the Prophet of the Holiest intercede for us ; or come to our help with a whole escort of angels, and horses and chariots of fire, as in the former days. He turns away from us with scorn! The impious Gallilean rejoices.(13) The hosts of the aliens triumph ! Oh, Allah ! Hu ! Allah ! Hu !—to whom shall we fly for help if Allah forsakes us !(14) That night Emir Abdoul went to his couch weary and broken in spirit, and his sleep departed from him ; and about midnight the curtains of his tent shook and trembled, and a light, like the brightness of the sun, shone around him, and the mighty angel Gabriel stood before him. Emir Abdoul covered his face with his hands, and bowed himself three times on his couch. And the angel said to him, ' Son of the Prophet ©f the Holiest, Allah the All Wise hath sent me to. thee with these words : 'There is evil lurking in the hearts of the four captains —¦ the captain of the leaders, the captain of the march, the captain of the rest, and the captain of food for pilgrims. They do not work together as one man. Two of them are pulling toward Jerusalem, and two toward Damascus. Each one is seeking his own honor, and loves the praise of men. Send, therefore, for them, and let them come and confess their sin before thee, and humble themselves in spirit, and seek the protection of Allah ; so shall he send them help to remove the rock from the valley of Elon, in Lebanon.' So, in the morning, Emir Abdoul sent a messenger to those four captains of the band, and they came and bowed themselves before him, and he spake to them all the words that the angel had uttered. And these men humbled themselves before the Caliph, and confessed their faults, and arose and embraced each other ; and the Caliph stood by, and with many tears gave thanks to Allah for the love that was in them ; and he laid his hands upon them and blessed them with the blessing of the Prophet—the father of the Faithfnl. On the morrow he said to them, ' Depart in peace; for now I know that Allah will be with you, and you will be able to move the rock out of the way of the pilgrims.' So these men departed, rejoicing, on their journey, and with one heart put their hands to the rock, and lo ! it moved ; for the angel Gabriel with a host of strong and loving spirits took hold of the rock, and removed it out of the way, for the Faithful to pass over. Then Emir Abdoul, when he came to the place, and saw what had been done, gave thanks to Allah, and all the people with him ; and he had written over the door of his tent in letters of gold, so that all who were with him might read, these words: (15) ' Blessed be Allah I who has not left himself without a witness among the Faithful; and who unites the hearts of his children, as many drops of water mingle into one.' And above it, as on a scroll, was written in letters of naming light: 'In Union Alone ake We Conquerors.' (1) Caliph. A successor or representative of Mahommed. (2) ' The Sacred Stone,' says the Moslem Tradition, ' was dropped by Allah out of heaven, to mark the spot where the Mosque of St. Omar should stand. At the time of the flight of the persecuted seers from Jeru-' salem, it rose from its bed, like a thing of life, to follow after them. But the strong angel Gabriel seized it with his right hand, and left the prints of his fingers on. 116 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. the solid rock. He held it fast for a time, but the Living Stone struggled to get free. Gabriel sent a messenger to the Prophet, at Mecca, and he came with seventy-five thousand winged horses, and horsemen, and placed his feet on the stone, and nailed it to its rocky bed forever. It stands in the middle of the Mosque, and is an object of great veneration to the Faithful. (3) The ceremony is still observed, among the Mussulinen, of wrapping the Koran in silk, and carrying it in front of them on the back of a camel, richly adorned with the same material. Burchard saw a copy of the Koran, the leaves of which were four feet long, and more than two feet and a half broad, thus carried. (4) Sweet wine is that which is made from the grapes fully ripe, and unfermented. The vessels, or leathern bottles in which the wines are kept, are often referred to in scripture. The Arabs pull the skin off goats, in the same manner that we do from rabbits, and sew up the places where the legs and tail are cut off, leaving one for the neck of the bottle to pour from, and in such bags they put up and carry, not only their liquors, but dry things which are apt to be broken ; by which means they are well preserved from wet, dust, and insects. (5) The city of Damascus, in Syria, stands on a plain about sixteen hundred feet above the level of the sea. This plain is shaded by trees of luxuriant growth, and ornamented with fountains. Its extensive orchards, computed to be thirty miles round, abound with every variety of fruit. The Persian poets call Damascus the ' Beautiful Queen of the East,' and the 'Pearl of Islam.' They say ' there are four Paradises in Asia. One at Damascus, one in Persia,one in Chaldea, and one in the island of Ceylon. The one in Damascus excels them all. ' When Mohammed,' says the Moslem Legend, ' first beheld Damascus from a height that overlooked the city, and was gazing intently on its wondrous beauty, the devil, I who had followed him hither, said to him, ' Seest thou, Mohammed, this beautiful city? She holds in her hands all the treasures of the East! She shall be thine, and thou shalt reign a king over her, only renounce thy allegiance to Allah, and be no longer called his Prophet.' Mohammed turned upon him with a look of scorn. Pointing upward, 11 have already one kingdom/ he ' replied, ' promised me by Allah. Why then should I ask for another?' The spot is marked by an arch, called ' The Arch of Victory.' ' » (6) The Mussulmen do not believe that the Paradise in which Adam was placed was terrestrial; but that it was one of the seven heavens; and from this heaven he was thrown down into the Island of Ceylon, where he died, after having made a pilgrimage into Arabia, where he visited the place appointed for building the temple of Mecca. More marvelous still is the account given in the Talmud. It says, ' Adam's body was made of the earth of Babylon ; his head of the land of Israel; his other members of other parts of the world. God took twelve hours to make him. So hlige was his stature that he extended from one end of the earth to the other, and with his hand he touched the firmament. When he sinned God laid His hand on him, and pressed him down into a moderately small shape.' (7) The muezzin, or call to prayer, as proclaimed from the lofty minaret, is observed in all Mohammedan countries. When proclaimed by a fine voice, the effect is solemn and beautiful; 'more so,' says Chateaubriand, ' than all the bells in Christendom.' These are the words — in which all the Faithful join — ' God ! (Allah !) most high ! I bear witness that there is no God but God, and Mohammed is his Prophet. Come to prayer ! Come to the asylum of salvation ! Great God ! there is no God but God! ' (&amp;) In some parts of Palestine the streams are dry during the heat of summer. During the rainy season water is collected into wells, or reservoirs, for irrigating the lands. The water is drawn from the wells by a Persian wheel called ' nozia'— a simple contrivance for raising water, and used all over the Levant. (9) The usual form given to bread in Palestine is that of the broad, thin, flat cake. The inhabitants bake it in an oven, called ' taanowr,' which may be compared to a large stone pitcher open at the top, in which they make a fire. When it is well heated, they mingle flour and water, and this paste they apply to the outside of the pitcher. It is baked in an instant, and is taken off in thin pieces, like our wafers. There is a tradition among the Orientals that Eve's oven was of this kind — that it was left to Noah, and that the boiling water which ran over it occasioned the deluge — a symbol of the extent and effect of her sin. (10) The dromedary is a species of smaller camel, having on his back a kind of natural saddle composed of two great bunches. At full speed the dromedary is computed to travel a hundred miles a day without showing signs of fatigue. The Arabs say that it will, in one night, and through a level country, traverse as much ground as a horse will in three. The Arab poets call them the ' swift ships of the desert.' (11) The summit of Mt. Lebanon rises nine thousand feet above the level of the sea. It is covered with eternal snow, and in ascending it you experience every variety of climate. The resident of Tripoli, in the month of January, beholds under his windows the orange tree loaded with fruit, and the flower THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 117 opens its bud to the sun, while the hoary head of Lebanon is covered with ice and snow. The poets of Arabia have said that ' Sannin (Lebanon) bears Winter on his head ; Spring on his shoulders ; and Autumn in his bosom, while Summer lies sleeping at his feet.' (12) That covering of the head worn by all Christendom — the hat — is an abomination to the Turk. It marks the followers of the Nazarene, called by them, ' Infidel dogs,' and was cursed by the Prophet. The severest malediction that one Moslem can utter against another is, May God put a hat on your head. 'All the inhabitants of hell,' says the Mussulman, ' wear hats ! ' It is nailed, as a mark of disgrace, to the door of every traitor, and is a badge of deepest infamy. (13) ' Hell,' says the Mussulman, ' has seven gates, guarded by seven dragons, each with a hundred eyes. Heaven has eight gates, guarded by eight angels, with flaming swords. It is approached by a bridge, called Al-Sirat, narrower than the thread of a famished spider, and sharper than the edge of a sword. Over it the Mussulman passes with the speed of lightning. The Infidel drops into the yawning gulf below.' (13) The Mussulman calls Jesus the 'Qdllilean.' Hence, Julian, the famous Saracen warrior, and bitter enemy of the Christian faith, in the war of the Crusades, being wounded by an arrow, wrenched it from his side, and a torrent of blood flowing, he took a handful, and cast it toward heaven, exclaiming, 'Thou hast conquered, 0! Qallilean !' (14) Allah Hu is not only the Mussulman's war-cry, but his cry for help in the hour of distress and danger. It is the last word of the muezzin's call to prayer. (15) The tent of a Turkish noble is often entirely covered with silk, and lined with the same material. A recent traveler mentions one that cost twenty-five thousand piasters, and was three years in being completed. It was beautifully decorated with festoons, and sentences from the Koran, wrought with pearls and precious stones. It was the tent of the sumptuous Nadir Shah. Canaan, N. Y.