JUSTICE TO THE COOK The Rev. Joseph Cook, we think, has demonstrated to the world to what unusual depths and heights the human mind can range in reasoning. We know of none whom we can name, so capable of entering so far, and dwelling so long, upon the deepest and almost incomprehensible philosophies pertaining to the religious elements of humanity. Yet while we know this reverend friend has seemingly forgotten hoiv simple was the Christian exampier's life, and that this life was and is Christianity; and while we feared he was unconscionably bigoted, |we lately behold an unexpected nobleness of his nature, in his willingness to investigate, even after his condemnation of the subject of Spiritualism, and in attempting to be just, setting all of his contracted admirers aghast by delivering the folio wins depths of ' ifs ': -^ ' If both evil and good spirits are around us in modern times, we can understand why they were directed of old to believe not every spirit, but to try the spirits, and to regard not those who have familiar spirits. ' If evil spirits may now move the tongues of speaking psychics, we can understand how it was that the serpent said unto the woman, ' Thou shall not surely die !' ' If there is modern experience of seeing and even of photographing spirits, we can understand how it was that the eyes of a young man were once opened so that he saw a mountain full of horses of fire and chariots of fire round about Elisha. ' If the hand of the psychic Home burned not in the fire, we can understand how three men once came out of a furnace ; nor was a hair of their heads injured, nor the smell of fire on their garments. ' If hands appear among modern psvchical phenomena, we can understand how it was that theAfingers of a man's hand Iwrote on the walls of Belshazzar's 'palace, ' Mene, Mene, Tekel, Upharsin.' 'If levitation has indeed occurred in moderivtimes, we can understand how Peter was found not, for he was at Azotus, and how one of eld walked on the sea. 'If matter can pass through matter, we can understand how One who was raised again 108 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. passed through the doors that were shut, and was present with his disciples when they were in an inner room. 'If there have been faces which have shone in modern times so as to produce a shadow against the light, we can understand what was meant when it was written that when thine eye is single thy whole body is full of light, and when it was written also that Moses' face shone, and that angels have appeared with faces like lightning, and that onejwho was transfigured was like the sun when he shineth in his strength. 'If the followers of Edward Irving and others in modern times have spoken with foreign tongues, then we can understand how at Pentecost every man heard from the apostles the tongue in which he was born. ' If prayers are in modern times besought by spirits in a purgatorial state in the next life, we can understand what was meant by preaching to spirits in prison. ' If bad spirits are near us in modern times, we can understand how it is that we wrestle not with flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, and against wicked spirits in heavenly places.'