Agricultural VISIT TO AND OBSERVATIONS UPON A FORTY ACRE FRUIT FARM. Daniel Fraser [Our very observing and talented brother, , has beea taking notes as stated above, and he writes us some very worthy considerations.—Ed.] First. Raspberries, (black and red) the rows of which are seven feet apart, and about three feet apart in the rows. A leading feature in their culture is, that the canes when about two feet six inches high are pinched. The results are, side shoots are thrown out, increasing the bearing wood, and improving the fruit. The canes being low, winter better, and are not so liable as long canes are to'be lashed about with the winds. Only two canes are allowed to a hill. A plantation when the old canes are removed has a fine appearance ; each cane with its branches is like a little tree, several acres together have quite a pleasing effect. When the side shoots get too long they are cut to the right length. The old canes are removed to a heap, not to be burnt, but to decompose, and then applied to young plantations. Such a heap, composed of earth and sods, and brush, and on the top a layer of wood ashes, and a layer of lime, and exposed to gentle rains so as to saturate the heap, becomes a chemical laboratory, wherein the nitrogen of the atmosphere is detached from the air, forming the nitrate of potash, the most valuable of all manurial salts. Berry culture can never be a permanent success without a system of rotation. The black raspberry may be renewed every six years, the red, eight; the blackberry, every ten years ; strawberries, every two years ; if grown in hills and well cared for, they will run well for several years. One of the best dressings for fruits of all kinds is wood ashes, two bushels ; lime, two bushels ; salt, two bushels ; in all six bushels per acre. If the land is rich in potash and lime, salt and plaster will be good. On laying out a raspberry plantation, plant so as to be able to cultivate both ways, and every four rods leave narrow roads to facili tate the removal of fruit and brush. THE SHAKEli MANIFESTO. Ill On this berry farm, the strawberries are renewed every two years ; planted in the spring one foot apart in the rows. Spaces are left so. that the fruit can be picked without stepping on the plants, and to admit of cultivation. After the first fruit crop is gathered the cultivator is run through the spaces, and then the whole bed is harrowed leaving the land loose and smooth for the runners to root in, thus furnishing plants for new plantations. Seventy bushels of strawberries were picked on this place one day. Of raspberries, in the fall of the season, a greater number of bushels is daily shipped. Berries in some degree create their own market, the fruit is mostly sold within twenty miles of the place. (Berlin, Rens. Co., N. Y.) Small fruits enter increasingly into the diet of the people, and inasmuch as they supersede the use of butter and meat in warm weather, all the better. Butter is hard on the liver, and yields but little support to the muscular and nervous tissues. In addition to the great quantities of fresh fruits consumed, to a considerable extent they are also preserved. The single article of red raspberry jam consumed within fifteen miles of Boston amounts annually (according to the New England Grocer) to five hundred tons. The dried fruit is bought by the manufacturers at eighty-four cents a pound. The blackberry succeeds the red raspberry, and connects with early apples and pears. The Wachusett blackberry in this locality completes the list of fruits. It embodies more good qualities than any other blackberry we know of, it bears abundantly, berries of good size, and of good quality. The canes are remarkably free from thorns, and being early, the fruit has brought even in panic times in the Boston market, thirtythree cents a quart. The Wachusett was presented to the public by the Shakers at Shirley, Mass., by Leander Persons. Things I have Noticed J. C. N. .—I have noticed that there are farmers who are afraid to trust their farms, and their farms show it. I have noticed that there are farmers who feed their mowings spring and fall, and usually a considerable portion of their barn room can be rented. I have noticed that some farmers plant no corn, saying they can buy it cheaper than they can raise it, and have seen the cattletlook as though they had waited a long time for their owners to raise money to buy the corn. I have noticed that some farmers' horses have a habit of stopping at every liquor saloon they have come to. I have noticed also that the horse and driver resemble each other in this respect; each wears a staring coat. I have noticed that the man who can manage his own and his neighbor's business successfully1 is the coming man. At any rate he has not arrived yet. I have noticed that some farmers swear with their tongues, and some with their milking stools. The cows prefer the former style, but the devil don't care which. I have noticed that poor fences make unruly stock and bad neighbors. I have noticed that if a team gets ' set,' it is better economy to take a part of the load from the wagon than to take a part of the flesh from the horses. I have noticed that it is a good plan to take notice of the good and the bad, so that we may follow what is good and shun that which is bad.— in llecord and Farmer, PRODUCTION OF AGRICULTURE IN THE CENSUS Francis A. Walker We call special attention to the following, as giving a hint to all ^productive interests, to prepare an accurate report in due time.—Ed. The agriculture schedule annexed to the act of 1850, which is also made part of the act of March 3, 1879, providing for the tenth census, requires a report of the -chief productions of agriculture ' during the year ended June 1.' Now, there is no distinct agricultural year which ends on the 1st of June, and there is reason to believe that the statistics of agriculture from 1850 to 1870, in regard to many of the principal products, em- 112 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. braced portions of two different crops, inasmuch as the enumeration was protracted through three, four, and even five months. By the act approved March 3, 1879, it is provided that the tenth census shall be taken and completed during the month of June, 1880. This provision greatly reduces the liability to error which has been noted. As the enumeration commences on the 1st of June and closes on or before the 80th, all the crops which are gathered once a year will fall pretty clearly on one side or the other of the dividing line. Thus the cotton crop reported in the census will be that of 1879, gathered in the fall of that year; while the wool clip or ' wool crop ' will be that of the spring of 1880— except in portions of California and Texas, where both a fall and a spring clip are secured. For certain of the productions of agriculture, however, there is no harvest, in the usual sense of that term; but the product is gathered week by week, or day by day, as it matures—milk, butter, cheese, meat, fall into this class. In view of the requirements of the law, and of the great importance of accurate statistical information relative to agriculture, it is deemed to be highly desirable that farmers should prepare themselves in advance to give the information with promptness and accuracy. It is urgently recommended, therefore, that agricultural journals and officers of agricultural societies and clubs give publicity to this announcement, and that all persons engaged in agricultural pursuits, who shall receive this circular, or shall see it in public prints, make notes from time to time of the quantities and values of their several crops gathered, and the number of acres of land planted, in order that their statements, when made to the enumerators, may be of the highest possible value. To remove any doubts that may arise concerning the crops to be returned in the census, the following table presents the several crops specifically mentioned in the agricultural schedule, arranged accordingly as they fall into the calendar year 1879, or that of 1880, or are to be returned for the twelve months beginning June 1, 1879, and closing May 31, 1880 : PRODUCTIONS OF AGRICULTURE DURING THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 1, '80. I. Of the crop of the calendar year 1879. Wheat — acres ; bushels. Corn—acres ; bushels. Rye — acres; bushels. Oats — acres; bushels. Barley — acres; bushels. Buckwheat—acres ; bushels. Peas and beans —bushels. Rice—acres ; pounds. Tobacco— acres; pounds. Cotton—acres; bales. Potatoes—acres ; bushels. Orchards—acres ; value of products, dollars. Vineyards— acres ; value of products, dollars. Small fruits—acres ; value of products, dollars. Hay — acres; tons. Clover-seed — bushels. Grass-seed—bushels. Hops—acres ; pounds. Hemp—acres ; tons. Flax—acres ; pounds. Flax-seed—bushels. Bees—number of hives, pounds of wax ; pounds of honey. Sugarcane—acres ; hogsheads of sugar ; gallons of molasses. Sorghum—acres ; pounds of sugar ; gallons of molasses. II. Of the crop of the calendar year 1880. Wool—number of fleeces: pounds. Maple sugar—pounds. Maple molasses—gallons. III. Of the yield of the twelve months, June 1, 1879, to May 31, 1880. Butter—pounds. Cheese—pounds. Milk sold—gallons. Value of animals slaughtered— dollars. Market gardens — acres; value of products, dollars. Value of forest products, dollars. Value of home manufactures, dollars. Supt. of Census. Sixty lbs. carried 1,000 miles for six cents :—Any farmer who has raised wheat knows how heavy a bushel of wheat feels, after he has carried it half a mile or so. We have found it a full day's work with a good span of horses, to take 30 to 40 bushels 14 miles to market, and return with an empty wagon. How would it be if we had no railroads or canals, to transport to the sea-board shipping markets the immense grain products of the west and northwest? During July of this year, the average rate paid for carrying wheat all the way from Chicago to New York, by the lakes THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 113 (1.7c.) and canal (4.3c.) was only six cents per bushel of GO lbs., and for a bushel of corn, 56 lbs., 5 1-3 cents! The distance sby this route is some 1,500 miles. The railroads, to compete with the water routes, have had to carry grain at about the same rates, and the shortest distance by railroad is nearly 1,000 miles. Allowing a team and driver only $4 a day for wages, feed, and other traveling expenses, carrying 40 bushels, and going 33 1-3 miles each day, the expense would be $3 per bushel,jproviding that the team got loading enough homeward, to pay expenses and wages back. So, at the best, it would cost fifty times as much to carry grain to market by wagon as it does by railroad. The same reckoning applies, in a lesser degree, to shorter distances. Shall we tear up the railway tracks, or abuse the owners, who do not receive 4 per cent on the average for the money invested? Ought we not rather to have a good deal of sympathy with the original builders of these roads, a large number of whom never got any thing for the money expended — either for the principal or the interest ? Not a very profitable business certainly.— American Agriculturist.