Home Topics Let me help you to Brains ! In relation to a new system of curing diseases by suitable variation in foods, which is attracting considerable attention and praise, the Rev. Henry Ward Beecher wittily says: ' For thousands of years men have eaten without a scientific motive, without rational appreciation of the relations of foods to bone, muscle, nerve, and so on. The whole motives lay in the mouth. Men ate because it tasted good, but by-and-by we shall have bone-building, fat-producing, nerve-replenishing and muscle-forming dishes. The host, instead of asking guests to take beef or pudding, will say to a lean or cadaverous visitor, ' Let me fill up your tissue,' or ' my dear sir, your bones are brittle, allow me to pass this compound ; better bones were never made than this produces.' To some exigent a scholar, thin and nervous, the jolly host will say, ' My dear fellow let me help you to brains. What do you affect? This dish runs strongly to poetry ; or, is it philosophy? Why, sir, philosophy is only food etherealized !'' Reverend joking apart, it is not incredible that a great scientific advance may be made in this direction, and the day may come when food will be so nicely adjusted to the human wants that disease will be, in a measure, controlled, and the highest physical satisfaction come to be enjoyed. Dutch Bolls .—There used to be a steam packet that went out of Amsterdam that gave first-class feeding to her passengers, and once I mixed up with the Dutch cook, as I was a Swede, and got this receipt from him for his rolls, which were very good and light, and 1 have made them since with brilliant success: Sift three quarts of flour; break three eggs into a pint of cold milk, in which put a teaspoonful of yeast and stir up ; cut a spoonful of butter up fine and work it into your flour; mix the milk and eggs and yeast with the flour ; knead thoroughly. Make into rolls, butter the pan, and stand by the stove to rise. Bake in a quick oven. Fried Oysters . — Get the largest and finest oysters, rinse them in clear water, and dry them quite dry in a cloth. Beat up the yolks of two eggs, and thin with half a gill of milk. Dip each oyster separately into the egg and milk, and then into very finely powdered cracker-crumbs. Let them lie an hour, and dip them in the egg and cracker again, and then fry them in plenty of melted butter, which must be so hot that it will brown them at once. They must be turned over in the boiling fat, and the whole operation must not take over five minutes. Grafting-wax may be made by melting together four pounds of... Grafting-wax may be made by melting together four pounds of common resin, two pounds of beeswax, and one pound of tallow. If to be used in the orchard in cool weather, add a quarter of a pound or more' tallow, or a little raw linseed oil.