Editorial THE LIVING ISSUES 'Putting; on Christ' in our daily walk and conversations is Christianity indeed. The day is past, when^the simple profession of faith in [Christ could be relied upon as the insignia of a genuine Christian. ' By their works shall thev be known,' is now the reasonable and growing demand of the majority of the churches; realizing that there may be much dead faith in a great deal of humanity. 'Is he a Christian?' is not now answered by naming the denominational church of which he is a communicant; but the answer is determined, yea or nay, from the intentions and actions of his life. 'Joining the church ' is well indeed ; and the reasonable intent of such a junction is indicative of a resolution to ' put on more of the Christ' life. If the degree of one's Christianity is denoted by the measure of Christ put on in individual life, then he or she is a full Christian only who puts on the whole Christ in their lives, discarding all selfish tendencies, which will not bear a resemblance to the life of Jesus, the Christ. The issues in the Christian strife with human, unregenerate selfishness are living ones— affecting our human lives down deep to their very cores. All the trials of the goodly saint Jesus were based upon his superior Christian faith, and the question whether or not he should obey that progressive faith unto greater righteousness, or live to please himself. It was often a living issue with him — live, under the self-denying restraints of the angelic life, or live as other good Jews lived, very selfishly, compared with Christly directions. We know the result in the case of Jesus. We may know the results in our individual experiences. 'How much of a Christian is he r Is she ? ' can only be satisfactorily answered by a comparison or contrast with the amount of denial to human selfishness engaged in, and the amount of Christ put on, and lived. Let Christian faith have its proper place and appreciation ; for this prompts us to live more like Christ, and the true, living issue of that faith teaches us all, that we are as far or as near being the followers of Christ — Christians — as we live as Jesus, the Christ lived. Enter we our closets, friends; there let us meet the Christ, face to face with our daily lives ; viewing in him those excellences which are so exalted and adorable to our better and best religious inspirations. See, then and there our inclinations to cling to the earthly, while those of Christ are resurrected to the heavenly. View in that countenance, radiant with all the active, Christian virtues, the virgin purity of the master; the nonresisting, y,nretaliating peaceful exampler; the broad, Umpartial, unsectarian affection for his Tinman relations, regardless of race, color, sex or condition! And let us draw the grandest inference of what our lives should be as Christians, by comparison or contrast of our lives now, with the worldly unspottedness of his every lineament. Faith we may have in abundance that Jesus was very good ; his life was very Christian and best, and thab as his was, so toe wish our lives were; yet, unless we rise to the realization of the grand sequel of hav THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. L07 ing our faith and lives agree, we cannot have even the appearance of a genuine Christian about us. Simple, even to the children, is the truly Christian life, for it is living as Christ lived — only this and nothing less nor more. Will not the people see this ? Will not the Churches whose doctrines are made by the people 'cry aloud' of this simple truth, this evident Christianity, and 'spare not' the sword of the spirit in its excoriations and executions upon selfish, worldly loves and lusts r There is no power on earth nor in heaven that will compel us to be Christians — angelic men and women on earth — but let us not.longer close our eyes in willing blindness, hiding the simple, living issue, that to be a Christian truly, is to live as unworldly as Jesus lived. Better admit we cannot, will not live so ; better ask 'to be excused' from all the abnegations which Christ demands of his followers; but let our superior humanity also add its voice in aid of the spread of truth ; and while knowing how Christ lived, how his immediate and faithful followers lived, admit, frankly, that thus living, is only Christianity proper, then listen if we choose and can, with imperturbed feelings, to that indignant, scathing rebuke of the Spirit: ' Why call ye me Lord, and do not the things that I say?' . JUSTICE TO THE COOK The Rev. Joseph Cook, we think, has demonstrated to the world to what unusual depths and heights the human mind can range in reasoning. We know of none whom we can name, so capable of entering so far, and dwelling so long, upon the deepest and almost incomprehensible philosophies pertaining to the religious elements of humanity. Yet while we know this reverend friend has seemingly forgotten hoiv simple was the Christian exampier's life, and that this life was and is Christianity; and while we feared he was unconscionably bigoted, |we lately behold an unexpected nobleness of his nature, in his willingness to investigate, even after his condemnation of the subject of Spiritualism, and in attempting to be just, setting all of his contracted admirers aghast by delivering the folio wins depths of ' ifs ': -^ ' If both evil and good spirits are around us in modern times, we can understand why they were directed of old to believe not every spirit, but to try the spirits, and to regard not those who have familiar spirits. ' If evil spirits may now move the tongues of speaking psychics, we can understand how it was that the serpent said unto the woman, ' Thou shall not surely die !' ' If there is modern experience of seeing and even of photographing spirits, we can understand how it was that the eyes of a young man were once opened so that he saw a mountain full of horses of fire and chariots of fire round about Elisha. ' If the hand of the psychic Home burned not in the fire, we can understand how three men once came out of a furnace ; nor was a hair of their heads injured, nor the smell of fire on their garments. ' If hands appear among modern psvchical phenomena, we can understand how it was that theAfingers of a man's hand Iwrote on the walls of Belshazzar's 'palace, ' Mene, Mene, Tekel, Upharsin.' 'If levitation has indeed occurred in moderivtimes, we can understand how Peter was found not, for he was at Azotus, and how one of eld walked on the sea. 'If matter can pass through matter, we can understand how One who was raised again 108 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. passed through the doors that were shut, and was present with his disciples when they were in an inner room. 'If there have been faces which have shone in modern times so as to produce a shadow against the light, we can understand what was meant when it was written that when thine eye is single thy whole body is full of light, and when it was written also that Moses' face shone, and that angels have appeared with faces like lightning, and that onejwho was transfigured was like the sun when he shineth in his strength. 'If the followers of Edward Irving and others in modern times have spoken with foreign tongues, then we can understand how at Pentecost every man heard from the apostles the tongue in which he was born. ' If prayers are in modern times besought by spirits in a purgatorial state in the next life, we can understand what was meant by preaching to spirits in prison. ' If bad spirits are near us in modern times, we can understand how it is that we wrestle not with flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, and against wicked spirits in heavenly places.' EXAMPLER — REDEEMER A dear friend of ours, a Rev. D. D. neighbor, recently sent us an affectionate note in which this remarkable passage occurs: 'You see Jesus, the exampler, may you come to know Jesus Christ, the Redeemer!' Well, friends, are we not really on the right road to this knowledge ? It is, however, an indisputable fact, that the sectarian world, too generally, has overlooked the necessary gradations unto the Christian Redemption ; and most assuredly fails to see that the redemption of the Christ is attainable only, through following the life example of him who became Christ, by reason of his excellent life. The Revelator saw a multitude of ''the redeemed;' and they were ' Virgins,' as was Jesus; 'undefiled' with lusts; 'who had come up out of great tribulations, and had washed their robes, making them white, 'in the life of the Lamb' — Christ. We cannot think it an open question: ' Can we be redeemed without following the example of Jesus Christ?' We believe this question is closed by the answer: We must live like the Christ before we can know of his redemptions. Is not this true ?