MARRIAGE AS A TEST John Whiteley [From the Public Spirit.] Dear Friend— My attention has been called to the following paragraph, which appeared in a recent issue of the Broome '(N. Y.) Republican: How remarkable it is that whenever an enthusiast in religion gets new light, and adopts what he considers ' advanced views,' he almost, invariably begins to tamper with marriage ! In this tampering he always betrays the charlatan, and sufficiently warns all who are tempted to follow him to beware of him. There is no better test of a new system or scheme of life than its relation to Christian marriage. If it tampers with that it is always bad, and can by no possibility be good. The Shakers form a community built on this rotten foundation. They destroy the family, root and branch. They have no place for love, and enter into a determined and organized fight with the God of Nature, who, by the strongest passions and impulses He has ever implanted in the human soul, has commanded them to establish families and homes. Shakerism is good for nothing if it is not good universally — if it ought not to be adopted universally. But universal adoption would be the suicide of a race, and a race has no more right to commit suicide than a man. Besides, the damming of one of the most powerful streams in human nature only sets the 120 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. water back to cover the banks it was intended to nourish and to drain. It is too late to talk about the superior sanctity of the celibate. We have no faith in it whatever. The vow of chastity simply emphasizes in the mind the passion it is intended, for spiritual reasons, to suppress, and fixes the attention upon it. The Shaker, in denying love to himself and all the hallowed influences growing out of family and home gains nothing in holiness, if he does not lose irretrievably. He is the victim of a shocking mistake, and he disgraces his own father and mother by his gross views of an institution before whose purity and beneficence he and his whole system stands condemned. May this not be regarded as proof, rather, that there is something in the popular sense and practice of marriage that needs modification ? Perhaps, as stated, ' there is no better test of a new system or scheme of life than its relation to marriage.' The above writer says ' Christian' marriage ; but by what right or authority, I would ask ? Jesus did not marry. The apostles and the Jewish Christians in the church at Jerusalem lived celibate lives. Were they ' charlatans,' or did they build on a ' rotten foundation 1' And is it because the Shakers strive to follow their example that the writer aforesaid forms or expresses such an unfavorable idea of their organization 1 He says ' they destroy the family, root and branch.' But suppose they do forsake father and mother and houses and lands (see Matthew 19:29), do they not in this life receive the 'hundred fold?' Have they not a more Christian family arrangement in the order, where ' all that believe have all things common, as every man hath need 1' — where there are none poor or rich, in a worldly sense ? The Shaker, or truly Ch ristian method of dealing with marriage, is bad only to the ' carnal nature,' which is enmity against God and all that is truly good. Those who have honestly and most thoroughly tried the Shaker life, find it very good for them, but that does not prove that all men are able to receive or live the Shaker life. He that is, 'let him,' is the language of Him who ' who spoke as never man spake.' He who confesses and forsakes the evils of his carnal life, will not suffer badly from the damming process the writer speaks of. There is another form of the word, however, which applies with much more force and applicability to the other side of the subject; that is, there is probably nothing so damning to the souls of men as the unrestricted exercise of the sexual functions, with or without the sanction of ' sacred matrimony.' The Shaker does not ' deny love to himself.' Love is the mainspring of his whole life, even toward those who write so ignorantly of his motives and acts. Love to God and to his fellow brother man — the sisters included—not selfishly, but with such feelings as He who said, ' Who is my mother, and who are my brethren ?' And himself gave the answer — 'Whosoever shall do the will of my father who is in heaven, the same is my brother and sister and mother.' With regard to his disgracing himself, or his parents, I will say that it may probably be the fact that a majority of the Shakers were placed ifi the order by their parents — were accompanied by them, or have (as in many cases is the fact) been followed by them ; therefore, I fail to see where the disgrace comes in. Of course, the writer of the above article is unknown to me; but I conclude he must be a very young man who needs ' more light,' and who perhaps may live long enough to attain more ' advanced views ;' or, that he is a very narrow-minded sectarian who would be glad to see the Inquisition re-established, provided his own notions could be favored by it. All I would say further respecting him is, that I know, from over thirty years' experience, that his remarks regarding the Shakers — those who are Shakers indeed—are unworthy a Christian, and would pray as Jesus did.— 'Father, forgive him, for he knows not what he does.' Shirley Village, Mass.