A VETERAN'S BLESSINGS Dearly Beloved in the Lord. In the year 1877, in the sixth month, I felt to bless those who had taken such a deep interest in the publication of ' The Shaker ' as it was then called, and I wished also to leave upon record my Life Testimony ; the same appeared in the July Number. I have now been taking a little review of THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 99 the past year 1879, as written out in our ' Shaker Manifesto,' and I find so much to admire, I hardly know where to begin or how to address you. In turning the pages of this small, yet beautiful book, my eye rested upon these words : ' No Backward Steps,' November Number, 1878 ; and so deeply did they impress me that I again read the article, while I said in my heart, as 1 had many times before : '' God bless the writer.' I am aware that change is written upon every thing of an earthly nature ; and why should it be otherwise in the Heavenly World ? Is not truth the great moving power of to-day ? And are not the angels of conviction abroad in the land working toonders in the hearts of the people ? Blessed are they who receive and obey their teachings. Though the car of progress moves slowly, yet the rolling of its wheels is sure. The Lord is in it. Well may we sing with the poet: — ' Down from the heavens, Comes sweet inspiration ; Molding, and holding, Our lives to truth and love.' We call ourselves ' Children of the Resurrection.' Are we resurrected from dead works? Have we risen with Christ ? Do we walk in newness of life ? Do we take ' no backward steps 1' If we are thus living, then are we being created anew in the likeness of Our Heavenly Parents ? Grand and noble principles remain with us. Let us be true to them and keep our faith unmarred to the end of the journey. Dear brethren and sisters I sometimes fear that in our anxiety to become bright and beautiful, we shall miss the mark. May we not so far blend with a wordly sense and spirit as to lose sight of ourselves, and of our sacred calling. Let us not be guided nor led by a wordly pride, nor selfish ambition ; neither let us try to ape the vain fashions of the world. We are called to be a plain people. We want to be Christians ; Christ-like, angel-like, plain in our dress, honest in our lives, and cleanly in all things. The wise founders of our faith laid down their selfish lives at the foot of the cross, and is it not through their continued prayers and cries unto God, that we are made able to call this goodly inheritance ours f The prayer which they prayed was : ' Thy will O Father not ours be done.' It was an earnest prayer, so deep and so fervent, that it reached the Throne, and the angels heard and answered it. 0, the sweet and heavenly ministrations which we often realize in our seasons of devotion, when those dear departed ones, who have long since entered the pearly gates into the Holy City, return to us on their missions of love, laden with peace, joy and comfort! Such the world know not of; they come to us with songs of gladness such as the angels sing to cheer the heart of the weary pilgrim. Blessed spirits ! come nearer and help us to be more angel-like ; inspire us with your heavenly influence, that we may be more and more like our Divine Master. We claim to be followers of Him, who trod the wine press alone ; let us see to it that we walk as he walked ; that we deny ourselves as he did ; of all ungodliness and every worldly lust; we shall then take ' No Backward Steps,' but In the Master's service working, For the Holy Spirit yearning, There will be no backward turning With the true Believer. Jesus said,' I came not to do my own will, but the will of my Father who sent me.' '•' Search the scriptures, for in them ye think ye have eternal life.' I love to read the bible. We may learn much from those sacred histories, but the New Testament (to my mind) is more clear and better adapted to our real needs. ' What shall it profit a man though he gain the whole world and lose his own soul ? Or what shall he give in exchange for his soul ? ' We may have riches, but how often these take to themselves wings and fly away ! We may have honors and worldly applause, but what's in a name ? The world may speak words of flattery, and in this may seek to blind our eyes and lead us captive ; but let us keep an eye single, that we may see the glory of God, and that our whole body may be full of light. Let us beware of false prophets, who strive to insinuate their strange doctrines. Believe them not, truth and false- 100 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. hood cannot blend. All who preach God and him glorified, Christ and him crucified, will preach truth. While those who advocate the doctrines of self-love, and cry aloud, ' Come down from the cross (self denial) and we will believe on you,' are deceivers, and sooner or later they will be compelled to 'Tear off the Mask' of hypocrisy and appear in their true light. 0 may ice walk worthy of our calling and abide the cleansing fire of truth, which burns brighter and clearer each day, is the fervent prayer of your aged friend, for all Zion's children from Maine to Kentucky. It is ours to sing of the triumphs and glories of the higher life. Ours to tell the story of God's boundless love, and ours to wear the conqueror's crown, set with ten thousand stars all aglow with brightness and beauty. We are not mistaken, we know the Lord is on our side. We have given our little all without any selfish reserve. The question is often asked, what would become of the world if all were Shakers ? Were it not better that it should come to an end by men and women who seek to live pure and peaceable lives, than that the Lord should be necessitated to send judgments upon the earth to destroy a large portion of its inhabitants ? The cry of famine in far off lands has reached our ears, children begging for bread and dying for the want of it. In our daily papers we read of wars and rumors of wars, while thousands are stricken down by pestilence or fall by the sword ; fires and floods lay waste great cities ; vessels are wrecked upon the stormy ocean; 'many go down to the sea in ships,' but the voyage is one fraught with perils and dangers, and instead of returning again to home and friends, they pass beyond the veil. What meaneth all this? Let us consider and be wise. How shall these plagues be stayed ? Let us walk in humility and seek the mercy of God. ' Blessed are the pure in heart for they shall see God. Blessed are the peacemakers for they shall be called the children of God.' Purity and peace dwell together, and all wars and fightings cease in Christ's pure and peaceable kingdom. Let us have peace. Now, my precious friends, I have written at some length, but I can bless every one who has a desire to be and do good. I am with you in the strife. This earthly Jife of mine is nearly finished, as I have already lived four score and seven years, but my soul is in the work. 1 shall never die. I have kept sacred my early vows of consecration to the Lord, and when my sun of life shall have set for the last time here, I shall go home to my spirit friends and dwell in that beautiful city, where never any die. Yours in gospel love, Anna Hurd, 87 years of age.