CHARACTER DANIEL ORCUTT Defects in character, though concealed for a time, will appear. It cannot be otherwise. The characters of many persons present a damaged appearance, because the foundations are not laid deep enough. The superstructure of character is important; the foundation is more important. An enduring character cannot be built upon an unstable basis. The character that will stand the shocks of time and endure forever must be founded on Christ, the chief corner stone. 'Other foundations can no man lay than is laid, which is Jesus Christ.' Complete thoroughness in forming the basis of a true Christian character is the essential feature. Look well to the foundation. ' Better be sure than sorry.' It is by self-denying struggles, and a conscience void of offense, that we establish characters for uprightness. Practicing the true and pure makes us so in daily life. Bad habits, which 98 THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. produce bad characters, creep on apace un til from an occasional indulgence they grow to be a ruling power, and if persisted in will wreck the immortal soul! As the tempest hurls the avalanche down the mountain, and overwhelms the inhabitants, so passions, acting upon the elements which bad habits have accumulated, overthrow the principles of truth and virtue. ' Better suppress the first wrong desire than try to satisfy all that follow it.' If the heart is open to a ' small vice,' a great one may enter. Small things have a telling influence on character; they make or unmake us all. ' Take care of the thoughts and the actions will take care of themselves.' A wrong thought or a wrong principle, once taken root in the mind, may scatter its offspring through the whole region of the soul. A little thought is often a mighty instrument, and like the tongue, it may be the cause of a world of evil, or a world of good. ' Habits are second natures,' and they are continually forming like solid masonry. Thoughts and actions seem small, as bricks seem small. In a brick house, small as bricks are,one by one laid day by day, the walls have thickened, solidified, and risen to a huge structure. Our lives are made up of thoughts and actions, any one of which may seem small, but the multitude of which are like bricks in the hands of the builder. The walls of our characters are going up daily, and we are building, not alone for time, but for eternity. Then how important that we maintain a sleepless, watch, and carefully guard each thought and action. Enfield, Conn.