The Children's Grotto Let girls learn LET GIRLS LEARN. To be pure in mind and heart. To be modest in demeanor. To be helpful at home. To be followers of Christ. And then there are less vital things that they should learn ; as To sew neatly. To do simple cooking. To buy with economy. To dress with taste. To read aloud well. There are many other useful and ornamental accomplishments within the reach of most girls, but those which we have given are indispensable. Our Monthly. Bit of a sermon A BIT OF A SERMON Whatso'er you find to do, Do it, boys, with all your might! Never be a little true ; Or a little in the right. Trifles even Lead to heaven, Trifles make the life of man ; So in all things, Great or small things, Be as thorough as you can. Let no speck their surface dim — Spotless truth and honor bright! I'd not give a fig for him Who says any lie is white ! He who falters, Twists or alters Little atoms when we speak, May deceive me, But believe me, To himself he is a sneak ! Help the weak if you are strong, Love the old if you are young ; Own a fault if you are wrong, If you're angry, hold your tongue, In each duty Lies a beauty, If your eyes you do not shut, Tust as surely And securely As a kernel in a nut! Love with all your heart and soul, Love with eye and ear and touch ; That's the moral of the whole. You can never love too much ! 'Tis the glory Of the story In our babyhood begun; Our hearts without it, (Never doubt it), Are as worlds without a sun ! If you think a word will please, Say it, if is but true, Words may give delight with ease, When no act is asked from you. Words may often Soothe and soften, Gild a joy or heal a pain ; They are treasures Yielding pleasures It is wicked to retain ! Whatsoe'er you find to do, Do it then with all your might; Let your prayers be strong and true — Prayer, my lads, will keep you right, Pray in all things, Great and small things, Like a Christian gentleman ; And forever, Now or never, Be as thorough as you'can. Good Words for the Young. Our daily reckoning OUR DAILY RECKONING. If you sit down at set of sun And count the acts that you have done, And counting, find One self-denying act, one word That eased the heart of him who heard ; One glance, most kind, That fell like sunshine where it went, Then you may count that day well spent. But, if through all the livelong daygi You've cheered no heart by yea or nay; If, through it all, You've nothing done, that you can trace, That brought the sunshine to one face ; No act, most .small, That helped some soul, and nothing cost, Then count that day as worse than lost! The Young Reaper.