Editorial THE LIVING ISSUES 'Putting; on Christ' in our daily walk and conversations is Christianity indeed. The day is past, when^the simple profession of faith in [Christ could be relied upon as the insignia of a genuine Christian. ' By their works shall thev be known,' is now the reasonable and growing demand of the majority of the churches; realizing that there may be much dead faith in a great deal of humanity. 'Is he a Christian?' is not now answered by naming the denominational church of which he is a communicant; but the answer is determined, yea or nay, from the intentions and actions of his life. 'Joining the church ' is well indeed ; and the reasonable intent of such a junction is indicative of a resolution to ' put on more of the Christ' life. If the degree of one's Christianity is denoted by the measure of Christ put on in individual life, then he or she is a full Christian only who puts on the whole Christ in their lives, discarding all selfish tendencies, which will not bear a resemblance to the life of Jesus, the Christ. The issues in the Christian strife with human, unregenerate selfishness are living ones— affecting our human lives down deep to their very cores. All the trials of the goodly saint Jesus were based upon his superior Christian faith, and the question whether or not he should obey that progressive faith unto greater righteousness, or live to please himself. It was often a living issue with him — live, under the self-denying restraints of the angelic life, or live as other good Jews lived, very selfishly, compared with Christly directions. We know the result in the case of Jesus. We may know the results in our individual experiences. 'How much of a Christian is he r Is she ? ' can only be satisfactorily answered by a comparison or contrast with the amount of denial to human selfishness engaged in, and the amount of Christ put on, and lived. Let Christian faith have its proper place and appreciation ; for this prompts us to live more like Christ, and the true, living issue of that faith teaches us all, that we are as far or as near being the followers of Christ — Christians — as we live as Jesus, the Christ lived. Enter we our closets, friends; there let us meet the Christ, face to face with our daily lives ; viewing in him those excellences which are so exalted and adorable to our better and best religious inspirations. See, then and there our inclinations to cling to the earthly, while those of Christ are resurrected to the heavenly. View in that countenance, radiant with all the active, Christian virtues, the virgin purity of the master; the nonresisting, y,nretaliating peaceful exampler; the broad, Umpartial, unsectarian affection for his Tinman relations, regardless of race, color, sex or condition! And let us draw the grandest inference of what our lives should be as Christians, by comparison or contrast of our lives now, with the worldly unspottedness of his every lineament. Faith we may have in abundance that Jesus was very good ; his life was very Christian and best, and thab as his was, so toe wish our lives were; yet, unless we rise to the realization of the grand sequel of hav THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. L07 ing our faith and lives agree, we cannot have even the appearance of a genuine Christian about us. Simple, even to the children, is the truly Christian life, for it is living as Christ lived — only this and nothing less nor more. Will not the people see this ? Will not the Churches whose doctrines are made by the people 'cry aloud' of this simple truth, this evident Christianity, and 'spare not' the sword of the spirit in its excoriations and executions upon selfish, worldly loves and lusts r There is no power on earth nor in heaven that will compel us to be Christians — angelic men and women on earth — but let us not.longer close our eyes in willing blindness, hiding the simple, living issue, that to be a Christian truly, is to live as unworldly as Jesus lived. Better admit we cannot, will not live so ; better ask 'to be excused' from all the abnegations which Christ demands of his followers; but let our superior humanity also add its voice in aid of the spread of truth ; and while knowing how Christ lived, how his immediate and faithful followers lived, admit, frankly, that thus living, is only Christianity proper, then listen if we choose and can, with imperturbed feelings, to that indignant, scathing rebuke of the Spirit: ' Why call ye me Lord, and do not the things that I say?' .