CELIBACY OR VIRGINITY, WHICH ? ELIJAH MYRICK Man is a series of ascending developments, and every standard of assumed finality is swept away by the increasing light which ever shines on the pathway of progress. God gives to each and every one, A lengthening chain from causes spun. And link by link we do obtain, The knowledge of our Godly chain ; As onward we advancing go. These links will tell how much we know — how much the virgin life links us to the divine. A person may be a celibate in the full significance of the word, and yet lack the essentials of a virgin character. A celibate may be gross, natural, earthly, unspiritual' or living a life of 'single blessedness' on the earth plane, blameless, ' Good as other people.' Virgins are those of whom Jesus said, ' If I be lifted up (from the earth plane), I will draw all men unto me' — unto the virgin, the divine life. Thus introduced into the realm of the heavenly, we experience these higher spiritual joys which the earthly man (celibates included), can never realize. The pleasures of nature become sinful to those born into the new, divine life ; to be confessed and shaken off as an incubus which the new fledged spirit cannot carry. Entering this supernal domain, the spiritual affections dominate in a superior relation of fathers and mothers, brothers and sisters — offspring born into the new and living way, such as Jesus recognized as his relation. To stop short of this — to be a celibate merely — is abnormal ; neither natural nor spiritual. Virginity must be the central idea around which cluster the divine graces ; unalloyed by the lusts of our lower natures, selfish aims, and unworthy ambitions. To think by confessing our sins, restraining our lower passions and appetites, and directing our course by the polar star of complete purity, while by undignified manners and absence of humility, we challenge THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 105 the graces which adorn the higher life, we are qualified for heaven, is a delusive error. It is as a garden well fenced, without fruit or flowers. A house without paint, as inward adorning. A sentiment, without the charm of music. The prime essentials to a harmonious household are confidence, respect, affection, and that charity which is kind after long forbearance. These, when well cultivated and trained 'to duty, form a lasting friendship. Christianity, though rough hewn were its pioneers, is not a foe to courteous deportment. Refinement flowers in kind words and acts. It is the perfume of the virgin life. Harvard, Mass.