PRODUCTION OF AGRICULTURE IN THE CENSUS Francis A. Walker We call special attention to the following, as giving a hint to all ^productive interests, to prepare an accurate report in due time.—Ed. The agriculture schedule annexed to the act of 1850, which is also made part of the act of March 3, 1879, providing for the tenth census, requires a report of the -chief productions of agriculture ' during the year ended June 1.' Now, there is no distinct agricultural year which ends on the 1st of June, and there is reason to believe that the statistics of agriculture from 1850 to 1870, in regard to many of the principal products, em- 112 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. braced portions of two different crops, inasmuch as the enumeration was protracted through three, four, and even five months. By the act approved March 3, 1879, it is provided that the tenth census shall be taken and completed during the month of June, 1880. This provision greatly reduces the liability to error which has been noted. As the enumeration commences on the 1st of June and closes on or before the 80th, all the crops which are gathered once a year will fall pretty clearly on one side or the other of the dividing line. Thus the cotton crop reported in the census will be that of 1879, gathered in the fall of that year; while the wool clip or ' wool crop ' will be that of the spring of 1880— except in portions of California and Texas, where both a fall and a spring clip are secured. For certain of the productions of agriculture, however, there is no harvest, in the usual sense of that term; but the product is gathered week by week, or day by day, as it matures—milk, butter, cheese, meat, fall into this class. In view of the requirements of the law, and of the great importance of accurate statistical information relative to agriculture, it is deemed to be highly desirable that farmers should prepare themselves in advance to give the information with promptness and accuracy. It is urgently recommended, therefore, that agricultural journals and officers of agricultural societies and clubs give publicity to this announcement, and that all persons engaged in agricultural pursuits, who shall receive this circular, or shall see it in public prints, make notes from time to time of the quantities and values of their several crops gathered, and the number of acres of land planted, in order that their statements, when made to the enumerators, may be of the highest possible value. To remove any doubts that may arise concerning the crops to be returned in the census, the following table presents the several crops specifically mentioned in the agricultural schedule, arranged accordingly as they fall into the calendar year 1879, or that of 1880, or are to be returned for the twelve months beginning June 1, 1879, and closing May 31, 1880 : PRODUCTIONS OF AGRICULTURE DURING THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 1, '80. I. Of the crop of the calendar year 1879. Wheat — acres ; bushels. Corn—acres ; bushels. Rye — acres; bushels. Oats — acres; bushels. Barley — acres; bushels. Buckwheat—acres ; bushels. Peas and beans —bushels. Rice—acres ; pounds. Tobacco— acres; pounds. Cotton—acres; bales. Potatoes—acres ; bushels. Orchards—acres ; value of products, dollars. Vineyards— acres ; value of products, dollars. Small fruits—acres ; value of products, dollars. Hay — acres; tons. Clover-seed — bushels. Grass-seed—bushels. Hops—acres ; pounds. Hemp—acres ; tons. Flax—acres ; pounds. Flax-seed—bushels. Bees—number of hives, pounds of wax ; pounds of honey. Sugarcane—acres ; hogsheads of sugar ; gallons of molasses. Sorghum—acres ; pounds of sugar ; gallons of molasses. II. Of the crop of the calendar year 1880. Wool—number of fleeces: pounds. Maple sugar—pounds. Maple molasses—gallons. III. Of the yield of the twelve months, June 1, 1879, to May 31, 1880. Butter—pounds. Cheese—pounds. Milk sold—gallons. Value of animals slaughtered— dollars. Market gardens — acres; value of products, dollars. Value of forest products, dollars. Value of home manufactures, dollars. Supt. of Census.