Agricultural VISIT TO AND OBSERVATIONS UPON A FORTY ACRE FRUIT FARM. Daniel Fraser [Our very observing and talented brother, , has beea taking notes as stated above, and he writes us some very worthy considerations.—Ed.] First. Raspberries, (black and red) the rows of which are seven feet apart, and about three feet apart in the rows. A leading feature in their culture is, that the canes when about two feet six inches high are pinched. The results are, side shoots are thrown out, increasing the bearing wood, and improving the fruit. The canes being low, winter better, and are not so liable as long canes are to'be lashed about with the winds. Only two canes are allowed to a hill. A plantation when the old canes are removed has a fine appearance ; each cane with its branches is like a little tree, several acres together have quite a pleasing effect. When the side shoots get too long they are cut to the right length. The old canes are removed to a heap, not to be burnt, but to decompose, and then applied to young plantations. Such a heap, composed of earth and sods, and brush, and on the top a layer of wood ashes, and a layer of lime, and exposed to gentle rains so as to saturate the heap, becomes a chemical laboratory, wherein the nitrogen of the atmosphere is detached from the air, forming the nitrate of potash, the most valuable of all manurial salts. Berry culture can never be a permanent success without a system of rotation. The black raspberry may be renewed every six years, the red, eight; the blackberry, every ten years ; strawberries, every two years ; if grown in hills and well cared for, they will run well for several years. One of the best dressings for fruits of all kinds is wood ashes, two bushels ; lime, two bushels ; salt, two bushels ; in all six bushels per acre. If the land is rich in potash and lime, salt and plaster will be good. On laying out a raspberry plantation, plant so as to be able to cultivate both ways, and every four rods leave narrow roads to facili tate the removal of fruit and brush. THE SHAKEli MANIFESTO. Ill On this berry farm, the strawberries are renewed every two years ; planted in the spring one foot apart in the rows. Spaces are left so. that the fruit can be picked without stepping on the plants, and to admit of cultivation. After the first fruit crop is gathered the cultivator is run through the spaces, and then the whole bed is harrowed leaving the land loose and smooth for the runners to root in, thus furnishing plants for new plantations. Seventy bushels of strawberries were picked on this place one day. Of raspberries, in the fall of the season, a greater number of bushels is daily shipped. Berries in some degree create their own market, the fruit is mostly sold within twenty miles of the place. (Berlin, Rens. Co., N. Y.) Small fruits enter increasingly into the diet of the people, and inasmuch as they supersede the use of butter and meat in warm weather, all the better. Butter is hard on the liver, and yields but little support to the muscular and nervous tissues. In addition to the great quantities of fresh fruits consumed, to a considerable extent they are also preserved. The single article of red raspberry jam consumed within fifteen miles of Boston amounts annually (according to the New England Grocer) to five hundred tons. The dried fruit is bought by the manufacturers at eighty-four cents a pound. The blackberry succeeds the red raspberry, and connects with early apples and pears. The Wachusett blackberry in this locality completes the list of fruits. It embodies more good qualities than any other blackberry we know of, it bears abundantly, berries of good size, and of good quality. The canes are remarkably free from thorns, and being early, the fruit has brought even in panic times in the Boston market, thirtythree cents a quart. The Wachusett was presented to the public by the Shakers at Shirley, Mass., by Leander Persons.