A VIRGIN LIFE IS NOT CONTRARY TO LAW No. 2 DANIEL FRASER In the great book of Creation, which God has opened wide for all to see and read, there are but few facts of more importance to us, or more closely connected with our existence, than that there is a time to sow, and a time to reap. And we all know that the object of sowing is not that we may merely sow again, but that we may appropriate the greater part to our own use for higher purposes than mere propagation. Jesus read carefully his Father's book ; had he not done so, he would not have been able to have opened up the nature of his own kingdom. The whole scope of Christ's teachings sustains the conclusion, that the natural world is but a figure of the spiritual. The parables are all drawn from natural objects, and from the common actions of men ; every one of them is a casket containing a gem illustrative of some heavenly thing. Even the fleeting clouds, and colors of the sky he called into requisition. When the south wind blows ye say it will be warm, when the sky is red and lowering ye say there will be foul weather, and it cometh to pass; cannot ye then discern the signs of the times ? ' The harvest is the end of the world, the angels are the reapers, and ye are they on whom the ends of the world have come' — the end of lust, pride and THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 101 worldly ambition in the spirits of those whom the Father draws — ripens up, and whom the angels can harvest. Now what do men reap? They reap grain, grain contains the elements of muscle, bone, nerve, etc. When grain is gathered home the process of threshing begins, then comes the fan. ' This fan is in his hand, and he will thoroughly purge his floor,' and nothing is left but the grain — the elements of the bodies of the reapers; in short, they have been reaping something like themselves. So they ' on whom the ends of the world have come'— have ripened up, to whom the religions of the world are as chaff, and the churches thereof respond not to their wants, nor answer to their aspirations after a religion that knows no guile, is as pure as the heavens, and as benign in its operation as is the spirit of the Saviour. Blessing when cursed, and doing good when evil is present; forbearing from war, hatred and strife : and where the great are only great in the service of goodness ; such can the angels gather. As the husbandman in gathering grain gathers the elements of his own body, so in the harvest of the world, the angels gather those who are like themselves — human spirits in whom the elements of angelic life are quickened, who are no longer of the world, cut off from it; as evidence thereof, they neither marry, nor are given in marriage ; forming an angelic order of human society. God, the center of their affections, and in loving that which is of God in one another, they love Him. The signs of the times are indications of coming events, and no great discernment is required to perceive that vast numbers, form, ing an important element in society,are ripening up to a fitness for a higher life than the world affords ; and not a few will be ripened up beyond the power of procreative law, and be appropriated to the Master's use ; and instead of multiplying and replenishing, they will be kings and priests unto God and the Lamb. The least of such will be greater than the greatest born of woman. If all things having procreative life were intended to have no other use than again to multiply themselves, then the law of multiplication would subordinate every other law. Should such be the case, this world would be a scene of the wildest confusion ; grains could not be digested, they would grow because they were made to multiply, and for no other purpose ; they would sprout in the stomach, throw out leaves in the duodenum and take root elsewhere. Those who have but the one idea, that man and woman were made to multiply,and for no higher purposes, may carry out the absurdity. In the very nature of things, the law or power to procreate must be subordinate to the not momentary, but permanent, happiness of the parties concerned, and of the race. That hereditary and moral diseases should be entailed cannot for a moment be entertained as being agreeable to the will of God, or that beings claiming to be in the least degree rational, should multiply themselves till their numbers should press so severely on the means. of subsistence, as to utterly preclude a life of physical, moral and spiritual culture is absurd, and irreconcilable with common sense. The social and moral relationships of man, as well as the nature of things, teach and impress the sons and daughters of Adam, with a view of the absolute necessity of approximating to a virgin life, if they would escape misery and destitution. In full view of these facts, is it not marvelous that when the ends of the world have come upon a few souls, and they follow Christ — are harvested from the earthly animal order of humanity into a higher sphere, no more to follow Adam, having progressed beyond his life, manners and desires, that a wide spread, groundless and perhaps hypocritical anxiety should be expressed lest the race should be run out ? But when this continent is being swept of its aboriginal inhabitants by fire-water, the cruel bullet, and communicated diseases — when four millions of Irishmen die from lack of food, and as many more of British subjects in India perish in the same manner, and by the hands of the same men; when half a million of men are destroyed on the field of carnage, or pestilence carries off millions annually, there is no apprehension that the race will be run out, neither are 102 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. there corresponding efforts made to meet these stupendous causes of human suffering and destruction of life. These thoughts lead us to dwell more particularly upon The Population Question. The continually increasing population of the earth has during the past eighty years, from time to time, arrested the attention of thinking men, Malthus, Sadler, Doubleday, Rickordo, Spencer, and lastly, Nathan Allen of Mass. The conflicting conclusions of these authors led Nathan Allen to the conclusion ' that a true theory of population had not yet been reached.' Before such an array of thoughtful men, we may inquire, may not a solution of this terrible problem be found, first in humanity approximating to, and secondly in entering the higher — the non-generative life ? Certainly it cannot be the destiny of man to be forever under the power of his animal propensities, and governing one another as lions and tigers do. In despite of all the destructive causeg which have swept races, armies and millions of people away, the population of the earth has increased till the number is about one billion four hundred millions. Let this number be doubled geometrically but five times, and there will be more than one person to every available acre of land. In view of such a crisis, would it not be well to pause a little, and inquire whether the earth is peopled according to law. or as lust dictates ? Also whether the inferior animals under the law of instinct are not a great deal nearer their Creator than is man ? In created things the higher the organism, the more of law it is subjected to. Vegetable life involves more law than the inorganic mineral, and the animal kingdom more than the vegetable world. A. being capable of reasoning, capable of receiving knowledge from the past, and of transmitting it to his successors, must in the nature of things be subject to more law than are the brutes. They are subject to times and seasons, so ought man to be subject if he will be just to his offspring and to himself. In addition, he ia required to yield obedience to Providential Law. Providental law is that man, being able to judge of the past, is required to provide for the future. The farmer sows in spring so that he may reap in harvest time ; he-provides in summef.'so that he may,not suffer in winter. So,^also, he arranges before hand to raise _no more stock than he can provide for. Should he double his stock without reference to the yield of his grass lands, or to the seasons/^they being variable, he would find on the approach of winter, after a scanty crop of hay, that he had only fodder enough for about one-half ol nis animals. And the^ farmers all over the country being in the same predicament, infatuated with the'idea, that they must multiply and replenish the earth with animals, otherwise the great primal command would not be obeyed. Under such circumstances, the farmer has no alternative but to'kill off one-half of his stock. Human beings in a like condition, stimulated by the intense selfishness generated by want, would hoard up the grain and aggravate the universal calamity. Famine, violence and pestilence would sweep the earth with the besom of destruction. j/That such calamities will visit the humanfamily is as certain, as that it unlawfully doubles itself. They will not take place all over the earth at once ; but extensive districts as was lately the case in China,* will Selected. * 1877-78. North China. A telegram dated 26th January, 1878, said: 'Appalling famine raging throughout four provinces of North China. Nine million people reported destitute. Children daily sold in markets for [raising means to procure] food.' Total population of districts affected, 70,000,000. Mr. Fred. H.Balfour, of Shanghai, said: ' The people's faces are black with hunger; they are dying by thousands upon thousands. Women and girls and boys are openly offered for sale to any chance wayfarer. When I left the country a respectable married woman could be easily bought for six dollars, and a little girl for two. In cases, however, where it was found impossible to dispose of their children, parentshave been known to kill them sooner than witness their prolonged sufferings, in many instances throwing themselves afterwards down wells, or committing suicide by arsenic.' The Chinese Government sent a Commissioner to investigate, who said in his report: '' The roads are lined with corpses in such numbers as to distance all efforts for their interment; while women and children, starving and in rags, know not where to look for the means to keep body and soul together.' ^5 I have mentioned only b'7 famines out of a total of more than 350, given by Mr. Walford. Many of those which I have passed are characterized as 'awful.' THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 103 feel their overwhelming power ; and as the stream of population deepeas and widens, one crisis will succeed another, and pestilence which always follows famine will finish the work of devastation. The sorrowing remants enshrouded in the gloom of fearful judgments, broken down and dispirited, may learn, that the Moral as well as the Material universe is governed by law. And that our heavenly Father gives unto men, nations and races, according to their works. And that the procreative faculty must be subject to the moral government of Gk&gt;d. Man being a free agent, is called to cooperate with his Creator, being able to act in the whole matter as a voluntary, intelligent and accountable being — able to yield obedience to physiological law as regards himself, moral law as regards others, and divine law — the law of the higher life, when called upon to do so. Instead of a virgin life being contrary to law, it is in perfect accord with the highest of all laws — the law of the spirit of life as it is in Christ Jesus, in whom ' are hid all the treasures of wisdom,' goodness and knowledge. Even in the natural order of man's existence, a degree of approximation towards a virgin life is an imperative necessity. For if there is no hygienic, nor moral restraint laid upon the propensities, especially the reproductive function, then lust is the law, disease, and moral infirmities will then be propagated, and more population brought forth than can be properly cared for, or made happy, as is now lamentably the case. And ultimately, such destructive culminations as have been alluded to will take place. Indeed, in the procreative order of human society itself, there is a growth towards a celibate condition of a negative kind, as is evident from the history of intellectual men and women. Fourier, in his works on society, gives prominence to this fact ; and a voluminous American author (A. J. Davis), whose personal history is a special fact confirmatory of the growth of humanity towards celibate condition, says: ' Down in the lower stratum of society, behold how populous. Rise higher in the scale, and the married have fewer children. Rise still higher, and you can easily believe, that the time will come with such, when reproduction will cease, neither marrying nor giving in'marriage, becoming as angels, having risen above the mission of ^reproduction. Only friends to truth, dare to speak the whole truth on this subject.' On this subject we dare speak, indeed, it is our mission, to declare the whole counsel of God, as manifested in our lives, and opened in our testimony. Man as already stated is dual in his nature — can live and have his being in the higher life., 'In me (Christ) ye shall have life.' When man ascends from the lower—the procreative life, into the higher, then he is the subject of the law of the spirit of that higher life, and not only brings into subjection the propensities, but crucifies the life from whence they come ; as the inferior life dies, so then he can rise with Christ — have life in himself as he had. For further information on the foregoing important subjects I would refer to the Publisher of the ' Manifesto.''