Society Record Left 'For the Better Land' Grove B. Blanchard At Harvard, Mass., April 23, Elder , aged 82 years. To The Manifesto : Respected and Loved Editor — It may be interesting to you... Cleveland, Shakers, Ohio, May 7, 1880 [Communicated. | To The Manifesto : Respected and Loved Editor — It may be interesting to you and readers of the Manifesto to learn that by the decease of one of the trustees of this society, in the person of our highly respected and loved brother, George W. Ingalls, we have dissolved the entire board which consisted of Brothers James S. Prescott, George W. Ingalls, and Samuel S. Miner, and have appointed an entire new board consisting of Sisters Abigail Russell, Lydia Ann Cramer, and Brothers John Norton and Cornelius Hush. The former board having signed a conveyance of all church property in favor of the latter as trustees, and the latter have given a ' Declaration of Trust,' showing that they hold and manage the concerns of the church in ' Trust,' and not for any selfish nor personal use. This might seem a new departure. But is it not in keeping with the leading principles of our church organization from the beginning, which have advocated the equality of the sexes ? With love and respect 1 am very truly, Your Brother, W. Reynolds Editor Manifesto — Believing, as I do, that there is a demand by many souls for Harvard, Mass., May 2,1880 Martha Ann Carr Editor Manifesto — Believing, as I do, that there is a demand by many souls for more light and knowledge of our blessed gospel, and being desirous of aiding The Manffesto in as wide a circulation as possible — for to me it is a blessed messenger of 140 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. light — I take the liberty of sending to you a ' Widow's Mite,' earned by me at my trade thirty years ago. Gladly would I do more were 1 able. Please give the sister who toils so faithfully on The Manifesto, my special love and blessing. I am, your sister, [Our sister also inclosed a quarter eagle, (gold coin), and expressed her more than satisfaction very kindly and gratefully to ourself. We return great gratitude for both, and will use the bright metal for the object for which she sends this blessed ' Widow's Mite.' Ed.]