CHRISTIAN VERSUS HUMAN J. P. SNIPES BY . I went to church, on Sunday last — I think it is the last, To a stylish church I mean, sir, considering what pass'd : I wore my dark, plain garments, sir, those modest clothes of mine, Quite out of fashion, and the place where every thing is line. And the usher quickly pushed me away back by the door. On a plain, hard bench of timber—reserved seat for the poor ! Then he took a nice young lady, with silks and diamonds fine, And he bowed her so politely to a place ahead of mine. And I thought it.wasn't equal to put her up so near, For she was young, and I was old, and very hard to hear. And I couldn't catch the sermon, for I sat so far away, So I waited through the service, only to watch and pray —¦ Watching the pious Christians who were seated round about, Praying within for purity, as they were pure without. And I doubt not many wealthy who go out from that fold, Are pretty near relations to the Pharisees of old; When returning from their worship, they raise their heads on high, And scornful of the humbler ones the Christian life belie. Away with such professors, sir, they're doing more to-day To block the anxious traveler upon the holy way, Than modern infidelity in theologic fray. Examples fine indeed are they for any human need, They minister to creed and greed, but not to hearts that bleed. Intemperance they wink at, sir, but why should Christians care, The church must be supported, sir, by means both foul and fair. The whisky-selling deacon, too, can have his choice of pew, If only he is willing, sir, to help the parson through. ' In God we trust,' the dollars say, but not in brother man, Unless the God the dollar is — then worship all you can. Some other metal just as well might take the place of gold, To keep the precious body well, and cheat the human soul; But common estimation, sir, they think will justify The worship of the golden calf by greater calves close by, Success obtained by honest toil should have its honest due, But do not starve the many, sir, to feed the haughty few. Consider all the works of God, how marvelous and grand, The ocean caves, the skies above, the flowers vipon the land ; The gilded rays of roseate morn, of universal birth, Are not for the rich man only, but for the poor of earth. Then why should man look down on man, because of lack of gold ? Why put him in the poorest pew because his clothes are old? Why keep him down in any place, nor help him higher rise, 'Till he can claim an equal right to union with the skies ? A heart with broad humanity, a heart that God has blest, Is worthy of the highest place, among the very best. Then lift your weaker brother, and falling sister, too, Excite in them the prospect of much better things in view. Then shall you hear the voices sound along the shining shore, Inviting you to grander life, in heaven forever more.