LET US BE CONSISTENT ABRAHAM PERKINS ; A lamb skin will not always hide the wolf. Conditions will eventually unfold themselves and distinctly come to view ; tlieir fruits will crop out, and thus the principles underlying profession are clearly defined, demonstrating, unmistakably, the spirit that rules. Why is it the human heart is so treacherous, so deceptive ? How can an intelligent man live the lie, and feel that he is a man? It is an undeniable fact, that in this world, we can boast of but few strictly honest men. Of the milions claiming their formation in the image of God, to discover and trace that image is difficult. It is quite conclusive that an ' honest man, the noblest work of God,' has become largely a fraud. Like un_ to human inventions, capable of being brought to great perfection by human skill, they undergo so much change their usefulness is often destroyed ; so has man by his devices made himself quite as unprofitable. Not an honest man living who has studied the lessons of life, and knows himself, but must confess, however mortifying the admission, that dishonesty is universally traceable in the human character, more or less in lighter or heavier shades. Yet we call ourselves Christians— too often a false cognomen. In taking another view of human character, we see prominently fruits of the divine ; and although the instrument producing such fruit may be prompted by selfish instincts, yet the act is praiseworthy and demands encouragement however wrong the motive. We often find the strongest and most efficient powers of man exerted for progress in all that is great and good; he stakes his whole interest, sacrifices wealth, reputation, and even life to make his labors successful in checking vice, encouraging reform and elevating human character. After distinguishing himself in his angel work, what too frequently follows in his next operation? Because of his nature being unredeemed, his passions unsubdued and selfishness of a heart unconverted, the lower animal portion of his being takes the ascendancy, usurps the throne and reason is thrust out; instead of his being but ' a little lower than the angels ' and legitimately enjoying an alliance with them, he becomes a contemptible wreck ; a devil, lower than the beasts that perish ; a mystery to humanity difficult to fathom. The result is ' peace is taken from the earth' and we see the consequences in dementia, the destruction of the intellect and ruin of body and soul. When we take into consideration the bad work, the havoc that is made of Christianity, in the amount of suffering, shame and vice in their lowest and most revolting forms as they abound among professors of the Christian religion, and those too who are distinguished as the great lights of the world, stars of magnitude in the heavens, the spiritual firmament, divines, professed representatives of Christ and ministers at his altar, is it a matter of wonder that unbelief in the doctrines of Christ and the resurrection, and infidelity to the purity of his mission, as the redeeming work for man, so abounds in the land, when these selfsame first class professors ostensibly bow before the Messiah and acknowledge him as their teacher, example and beau-ideal of true manhood ; and upon bended knees calling angels to witness their pledges, promise the God of Heaven to live in the life of Christ, be governed by His spirit and dwell in peace, love and purity, when at the same time their lives are fraught with the things forbidden by his law, unto which they cleave and are very unwilling to surrender ! He was a peacemaker. Are they his followers' who advocate and practice war ? He ministered truth by precept and example. Is he a true disciple, who declares the end justifies the means tantamount to the decla- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 123 ration, that some lies, some deception, some hypocrisy will answer in certain contingencies and under certain circumstances? He was a celibate, taught pure virgin principles by precept and example, to live as the angels in regeneration. Is a life on the plane of nature and lower than that of the beasts of the field, in acts for which a chaste man would slay his beast, a life in the spirit ? Is earthly generation spiritual regeneration ? For such conditions what is the remedy ? where shall we look for a balm for our woes ? As in the days of Jesus, so in these days when the truth is declared, many turn away and no more follow him ; but few are willing to trust; they hate the sin-killing operation of the work that destroys their idols and takes away their gods. They seem to understand nothing of the higher life, nothing superior to animal enjoyment, that is the height of their ambition, and for that they exercise all their powers of body and mind to make provision. Our alternative for deliverance, our ransom, lies only in one direction, simply to follow Christ in the regeneration, doing as he did, coming into his life, living in his spirit, crucifying ' the flesh with the affections and lusts.' The sacrifice must be perfect, the consecration full; no half-way work nor hypocritical pretense will give us the power of salvation or answer the purpose at all. As a testimony in behalf of the cause of saving truth, in behalf of the revealed plan of the Almighty for the redemption of man, in behalf of his inheritance with Christ and with angels in glory, I bequeath to my fellow travelers and kindred souls these lines, in all kindness and everlasting love. Enfield, N. H.