THE COMMUNISTIC LIFE Ed. SiiAKnit Manifesto: Communities will no more make genuine communists than churches willmake Christians ; bat institutions are to be judged by their general, not their exceptional fruits. We do not condemn the schools because they turn out some dullards with diplomas in their hands, nor churches because they don't 'turn out' alJ their rogues. We estimate these and other institutions accordingly as they favor or not the development of character toward the highest standard of excellence ; and it is by this rule that communism should be judged in the comparison with other forms of society. Does it favor in a superior degree to them the development of the Christ-life in man ? is a question that must sooner or later be settled beyond all controversy. Meanwhile attention may be called to the important fact that not only are the basic principles of communism akin to, if not identical with, the principles of Christianity (I mean of course the highest form of communism), but the practical embodiment of communism in social organization is favorable to the Christ-life of unselfishness. In communities, men, if not shirks, have to '' bear one another's burdens and so fulfil] the law of Christ.' (See Galatians, 6,2.) Blessed be communism because it favors and necessitates the fulfillment of this law. Not that compulsory communism is a good thing, nor man rewarded for what is done unwillingly ; but a form of society, the very existence of which is dependent upon its power to supplant selfishness by altruism in every department of life, seems just the place for that law of Christ to yield its most glorious fruits. ' 1 have shewed you all things,' said the great Apostle, ' how that so laboring ye ought to support the weak.' Ought! let us think of that word, fellow communists, and be thankful that we can ' so labor,' and that the fruits of our labor will ' support the weak ;' that our very circumstances are such as enable us to 'bear one another's burdens,' and so far live a life of unselfishness. In the midst of life's temptations (for communists have their temptations to meet and conquer as well as other people), it is a source of comfort and peace to reflect that in voluntarily becoming practical communists we have placed ourselves in circumstances which call for self-denial — call for the abandonment of personal, selfish aims — call us, in a word, to live for others and for the truth. Wm. A. Hinds. Oneida, N. Y.