The Children's Grotto A HINT TO BOYS A philosopher has said that the true education for boys is to teach them what they ought to know when they become men. What is it they ought to know, then ? 1. To be true ; to be genuine. No education will be worth any thing that does not include this. A man had better not know how to read —¦ he had better never learn a letter in the alphabet, and be true and genuine in intention and action, rather than being learned in all sciences and in all languages, to be at the same time false at heart and also counterfeit in life. Above all things teach the boys that truth is more than riches, more than culture, more than earthly power or position. 2. To be true in thought, language and life — pure in mind and in body. An impure man, young or old, poisons the society where he moves with smutty stories and impure example, is a moral ulcer, a plague spot, a leper, who ought to be treated as were the lepers of old, who were banished from society and compelled to cry ' Unclean,' as a warning to save others from the pestilence. 3. To be unselfish. To care for the feelings and comforts of others. To be polite. To be just in all dealings with others. To be generous, noble and manly. This will include a genuine reverence for the aged and things sacred. 4. To be self-reliant and self-helpful even from childhood. To be industrious always and self-supporting at the earliest proper age. Teach them that all honest work is honorable, and that an idle, useless life of dependence on others is disgraceful. When a boy has learned these things; when he has made these ideas part of his being, however young he may be, however poor, or however rich, he has learned some of the important things he ought to know when he becomes a man. With these four properly mastered, it will be easy to find all the rest. GO AWAY, SATAN! GO AWAY! A little girl sat upon the large stone doorstep of her father's house, and beside her was a boy of about the same age. He had been eating a fresh, rosy apple, and had thrown the core into the gutter beyond the walk, and watched it as the muddy water carried it from his sight, then turning back to his playmate, who seemed absorbed in the pictures of a new book, he said : 'Give me your apple, Katie; mine is all gone.' ' Not now, wait a little,'' was the reply. But the greedy little fellow, not willing to wait, took the apple up, turned it round and round, smelled it, and then tossed it up lightly in his hands, each time catching it again. I expected his teeth would go into it, but ho was too honest for that. His cry brought the eyes of the little girl upon him. The blood mounted to her brow ; she was at once upon her feet with one THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 141 hand raised, apparently to strike the shrinking form beside her. But the hand did not fall ; and as she stood, her face and form showing the struggle within, I prayed that she might not be too strongly tempted. A moment more, and her voice fell on my ear — ' Go away, Satan ! Go away ! ' The mother within the door heard the words too, and coming out asked what they meant. A blush was upon the brow of the child, but it was humility and shame that caused it, while with drooping head she answered, ' Satan wanted me to strike Freddie, but I didn't.' The mother drew her within her arms and kissed her, saying : ' That is right, my child; resist him and he will flee from you.' Would that all might learn in childhood to resist the power of temptation by the help of the Holy Spirit ! Truly the world would be better for it.— Morning and Day of Reform.