Correspondence SPIRITUAL COMMUNION FRIEND L.: An obliging friend drew my attention to your review of socialistic movements in the United States. Allow me to ask your attention to that subject again : Some of the points elicited by the review were more than interesting to me, who for about fifty years have participated in such, movements, Personally acquainted with Robert Owen, I drew his attention to what I considered a vital error in his programme. I held that mind,'' not circumstances,' possesses creative power. After many years of thought and experience I have had no cause to change the views presented to that venerable and much loved friend. Although materialistic in his views till toward the last of his days, yet I recognize in him one of the most religious men Europe has produced for ages— he went about breathing peace and good will to humanity. Your criticism of various social movements is fair ; you justly complain, that instead of declaring and defining the laws underlying social formations, circumstantial events are dealt with. We may all rest assured that the true community, when it comes forth, will develop and be enclosed by, not the lower, but the higher instincts of humanity, and will be responded to by exalted, noble souls. The germ of that community has not yet been uncovered, nor its law been established to the view of the intellectual world, abstractly considered, but to the spiritualized. I think that in the next opening, communities will be accepted not with misgivings and doubtful disputations, but axiomatically, and with irrefragable demonstrations. Allow me to participate in your prophetic hope — ' that the time for such openings is near at hand.' If we may judge from the many failures to establish communities, the laws underlying social formations have not been visible even to those who have been engaged in such matters. What those laws are, have been to me for years a special inquiry. I THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. have embodied my conclusions in ' An Analysis of Human Society; ' but have re frained from presenting them to any leading journal for the present. In the '' Analysis,' I first treat of co-operation, and show that its underlying law is organically distinct from that of a community having goods in common. I then classify human manifestations according to their moral bearings ; and then analyze the emotional forces of the primary atoms (man and woman) of human society; showing that human emotions underlie all social for motions. If each atom of human society does not inherently possess a two-fold emotional life, it will be impossible for that atom, or an aggregation of them, to give birth to but one form of social life. But if these atoms are dual in their emotional life — endowed with inferior and superior forces, abnegating the lower and cultivating the superior, an order of society organically higher can be attained to. Progress in the lower life is not change, organically speaking — the least in the higher life must ever remain higher than the greatest in the inferior. I heartily indorse your sentiments deprecating the holding of stocks, etc., by communities. Wherever they find a place in them, death will ensue, unless they purge themselves. A body having life is guilty of suicide if it destroys itself. A. community holding stocks, etc., does that deed. Suppose it holds enough at interest to support all its members, and they rely upon these resources for support instead of labor, would it be a community in the heaven-born sense of the term ? Never. It would be a social parasite — feeding and fattening on the labor of others. ' Lay not up for yourselves treasures on earth '— invest what you have to spare in doing divine deeds to your neighbors, to humanity ; for a community whose entire possessions and accumulations are consecrated to charitable and religious purposes has no other investments. The inquiry in your review : ' Shall the man who brings into a community a hundred thousand dollars fare alike with the man of no means V Shall the man of weak muscle be as the man of stout arms ? Shall the man of ten talents be as he who has but one ? Shall he who has borne the burden and heat of the day, be as the man who comes in one hour before sunset ? ' Certainly, they shall fare alike. The true community refers itself to the divine in man, and will carry out the above precisely to the best of its ability, and be happy in so doing. Singing psalms, praying and 'preaching is not religion ; they are simply its appendages. The hair on a man's head is not the man; the bellows which blow the fire is not the fianie. Nothing will satisfy the aspirations of the highest order of mind but the establishment and extension of the Divine Order of human, social life on earth as it is in the heavens. In that Oi'der, they who are greatest will set themselves to work and find where they can be of the most service irrespective of all personal and all other considerations. Such an order will have noble aims, and will attract noble spirits in and out of the body. I have some idea that the old Order of human life has done all that it is capable of doing; its emotions and forces are mainly animal, and will forever be so. Ancient civilizations had their land, labor, and financial troubles; modern civilization threatens now to give way under the action of these forces. The Pentecostal life has no such troubles. With regard to the ' compatibility or incompatibility of the family relationships with the existence of institutions holding goods in common,' I have to state that such communities admit of but one center of affection and of interest. The government of a community is the last point in your criticism. Of civil and military rule most men have some conception The government of a community is a different thing. Suppose the word lead is substituted for govern, and the leader bears the heaviest burden, and helps others to b.ar theirs ; we come nearer to the conception of the position of a leader in a community. To work in union with such a lead is angelic obedience. No autocrats in the common acceptation of the term can be accepted in a community. Beneficence and love are the only forces admissible. Daniel Frazer. THE COMMUNISTIC LIFE Ed. SiiAKnit Manifesto: Communities will no more make genuine communists than churches willmake Christians ; bat institutions are to be judged by their general, not their exceptional fruits. We do not condemn the schools because they turn out some dullards with diplomas in their hands, nor churches because they don't 'turn out' alJ their rogues. We estimate these and other institutions accordingly as they favor or not the development of character toward the highest standard of excellence ; and it is by this rule that communism should be judged in the comparison with other forms of society. Does it favor in a superior degree to them the development of the Christ-life in man ? is a question that must sooner or later be settled beyond all controversy. Meanwhile attention may be called to the important fact that not only are the basic principles of communism akin to, if not identical with, the principles of Christianity (I mean of course the highest form of communism), but the practical embodiment of communism in social organization is favorable to the Christ-life of unselfishness. In communities, men, if not shirks, have to '' bear one another's burdens and so fulfil] the law of Christ.' (See Galatians, 6,2.) Blessed be communism because it favors and necessitates the fulfillment of this law. Not that compulsory communism is a good thing, nor man rewarded for what is done unwillingly ; but a form of society, the very existence of which is dependent upon its power to supplant selfishness by altruism in every department of life, seems just the place for that law of Christ to yield its most glorious fruits. ' 1 have shewed you all things,' said the great Apostle, ' how that so laboring ye ought to support the weak.' Ought! let us think of that word, fellow communists, and be thankful that we can ' so labor,' and that the fruits of our labor will ' support the weak ;' that our very circumstances are such as enable us to 'bear one another's burdens,' and so far live a life of unselfishness. In the midst of life's temptations (for communists have their temptations to meet and conquer as well as other people), it is a source of comfort and peace to reflect that in voluntarily becoming practical communists we have placed ourselves in circumstances which call for self-denial — call for the abandonment of personal, selfish aims — call us, in a word, to live for others and for the truth. Wm. A. Hinds. Oneida, N. Y. Editor Shaker Manifesto: You made the motion, and it is ably seconded, that... North Union, O., May 2, 1880 Editor Shaker Manifesto: You made the motion, and it is ably seconded, that the April number of The Manifesto was full of grand articles. While agreeing entirely with you as to the matter in that number generally, and with W. H. Bussell most cordially in his appreciation of Brother 0. C. Hampton's article, specially, still I must say, as 1 have often said, every new issue of our Monthly, since the first number, has been an advance on the last. And especially is this the case with the last two — April, showing the goal of the Shaker race, in Bro. Oliver's beautifully simple style; and May, marking decidedly advanced steps on the road to that goal, by half a'dozen authors. Sure enough, what will purity do for us'? The snow is pure —if it be the result of cold, calculating selfishness. The Christian's heavenly home is the Temple of God. ' Ye are the Temple of God.' In the confidence, esteem and love of our fellow beings of like faith and practice, we must find our heavenly home, if heavenly home we ever find. ' What boots it then to fiy from pole to pole, Hang o'er the sun, and with the comets roll ? What boots it then in foreign lands to roam, If thou, poor man, a stranger art at home ? ' Those prophetic and allegorical warninghints, in the May number ! What a pity that those who most need such hints should be the last to heed and profit by them ! 1 am scarcely able to pen these few lines, owing to failing health; but feel that I cannot rest on my bed without making an effort to express my heartfelt gratitude to all concerned, for their efforts in spreading the light of life, both at home and abroad. In much love, your brother, Watson Andrews.