ENCOURAGE THEM The hundreds of schemes for inducing men and women to leave the baser walks of life, now active and at work, are worthy of every commendation and encouragement. Every effort made to reclaim the lost, elevate the downcast, reform the malformed and for the increase of human happiness, should be seconded by all other earnest devotees of virtue. The vices of humanity, and their consequences, cost more than two-thirds of all the wealth there is, to enter correction, protection and the maintenance of the peace of society. Every erroneous or vicious way that is suppressed — every bad habit that is supplanted by its opposite and heavenly virtue — is a thorn uprooted and a flower entered in its place —human happiness is increased, and thus God is praised. More people than we are aware of, are ready and waiting for the advanced views of religious life which Shakerism teaches. Many are anxiously waiting the angel call to come up higher than they are; and so sincerely anxious are these, that it will not matter where the angels lead, they will determinedly follow. Total abstinences, rigid self-denials, reforms many and superior, costing, perhaps, agonies of soul in the separation of the inferior life from the aspirations to the superior ; but they will be endured, even as they have been in the past. The majority, however, are not yet ready for the practice of virgin purity through the entire life; not yet ready for the harvest from themselves and private pi°operty which our faith teaches ; nor yet willing to practice peace even to the fullest non-resistance; not yet able to keep themselves unspotted from the world as did Jesus, our elder brother, and example. But until these extreme Christian measures can be proclaimed to waiting, willing, anxious ears, let every encouragement be given to Temperance, Peace, Aid and Protective Societies—all societies which aim at the culture of virtue and suppression of vice. Let the Fruit and Flower Missions be sustained, that the sick and dying may be cheered and comforted in their extremities. Forget not the widow, the fatherless and motherless , think to do good to those in prison and pray for their wholesome restoration, first to virtuous manhood and womanhood, and then to liberty. And when the liberty of Christ shall abound in the individual—in every individual — when the perfect gospel shall come to the knowledge of all souls, then these projects of partial restoration to paradise may be done away. But until then, let them receive every encouragement; for out of them will the blossomings come, that will enripen the full fruition of radically Christian manhood and womanhood. ¦