Shaker community: united society of believers in Christ's second appearing [From the Albany Evening Times.] THE SHAKER COMMUNITY. United Society of Believers in Chiust's Second Appearing. The largest Communistic Society in the world — Their Theology— Their Mutual Obligations, Labors and Inheritance — Iheir Life, Habits and Products. We have received from the office of ' The Shaker Manifesto,' published at Shakers, in this county, a well-printed octavo volume entitled ' Shaker sermons: Scripto-Rational. Containing the Substance of Shaker Theology, Together with Replies and Criticisms Logically Set Forth, By H. L. Eads, Bishop of South Union, Ky.' It is probably the best single volume in existence from which to learn precisely what is the Shaker creed. In many respects their theology is similar to that of other Christian denominations but its chief distinction seems to be the dogma of the duality of God, asserting that ' God as father or the fatherly character of God, was revealed by the Sou, Christ Jesus; and God as mother, or the motherly character of God, was revealed by the daughter, (Ann Lee.)' Although the Shakers have existed as a society for one hundred years, and comprise seventeen communities in nearly half as many States, yet, beyond the immediate neighborhood of these several communities little is known of them except as the source of brooms, apple sauce, garden seeds and choice medicinal roots and herbs. The Shakers are conspicuous as being the largest and most successful communistic society in the world, and are attracting considerable attention just now by reason of the agitation of communism and socialism, and also the new departure of the Oneida community. They have exhibited to the world a successful community of interests, blessed with contentment and plenty, and implicit confidence in the mercy and goodness of God. Shaker history begins about the year 1747, and bears on its pages the marks of cruel persecution ; for within the walls of a prison, as have many others, the principles THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 129 of this society took root and bore fruit. Under the leadership of James and Jane Wrardley, a few members of the society of Quakers united in a distinct society near Manchester, England. In 1753 Ann Lee, the wife of a blacksmith, with her parents, joined them, all suffering great persecution on account of their peculiar faith. It is to the courage and faith of this remarkable woman that the society owes much of its success. It was while languishing in prison that she received by '' special manifestations of divine light' the plan of salvation and eternal life which forms the basis of the Shaker belief of to-day. Acknowledged as ' Mother in Christ,' she still bears among the sect the grateful title of ' Mother.' They claim that to her was shown in visions the fall of man in Eden, through listening to his evil passions, and the mode of redemption through chastity and self-denial ; and this was made the corner-stone of her religious structure. Driven from England by continued persecution, Ann Lee with eight of her devoted adherents, six men and two women, including her husband, brother and a niece, embarked at Liverpool, 1774, for New York, in search of a home for the new church. After encountering many privations and hardships, this little band established a home in the wilderness about seven miles northwest from Albany, at Watervliet, near Niskayuna, clearing the ground themselves and providing for their sustenance. This was in 1775, and, though they hoped for an early accession to their numbers, none came to join them, and it was not until 1780 that their doctrines, as preached by Ann Lee, excited the attention of any that were inclined to receive them. A revival among the Baptists of that year drew quite a number toward the little community, who embraced their doctrines, and thus commenced the growth of the sect, Ann Lee continuing to be a leading spirit of the cause until, worn out by incessant labors, this remarkable woman, at the age of 48, ended at Watervliet, 1784, a life marked by many struggles with poverty, persecution and hardship, in triumphant devotion to the principles of her belief, which she lived to see firmly established among numerous followers. Thus was the beginning of the Shaker organization, which marks an epoch in history as being the first successful conmiunity of the kind. The growth of the sect is from the outside of its limits, and those tired of the world and sin, and willing to surrender both, agreeably to the society's rules, may become members. If they are married, their partners' consent to their joining must be obtained, their debts must be paid and their children provided for, either within or without the society. On joining they dedicate themselves and all they have to the society and to God ; but if they choose to withdraw they can do so at any time, taking all with them that they brought, if the membership is of less than five years' duration. If five or more years, then they relinquish, by previous agreement, all right to what they contributed, though none are sent away emptyhanded. All property is held in community, and all returns go for the general good. The cardinal principles of the sect as promulgated by Mother Ann, govern tlieir actions to-day. Chastity, honesty, industry, frugality, charity, temperance and order are taught and lived with rigid exactness — enjoined but not enforced — and made easy by habit. The Shakers are not ascetics, though peculiar. They do not ask the world to conform to their usages, nor proscribe others for non-conformity to their customs. Though celibates, they do not condemn those that marry, regarding marriage as an ordinance of God, but deplore its corruption through the influence of sin. They do not shut themselves from the world, but mingle with it and trade with it, and benefit it as far as they may by their contributions to its comforts and necessities. They are cheerful and hearty in their dealings, clearsighted and shrewd in matters of business, scrupulously honest, and hold sacred the obligations of tlieir word. Their communities are visited every year by curiosity seekers, or those who, already knowing them, wish to live for a term within the atmosphere of their virtues. Their order, industry, sincerity and kindness win all to them, and mostly those who come 130 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. among- them, disposed to scoff, observe with respect and leave with an exalted opinion of their worth. Order is, with them, the prevailing law, and every thing at home and abroad is governed by it. The handmaid of order is neatness, and a grain of dust in a Shaker home is a profanation. Everybody works, male and female, whether upon the farm, in domestic pursuits inside the home, gathering herbs and seeds, making applesauce, medicines or notions, educating the young ; and, whatever there is to do, it is done with regularity and system. Pleasant and cheerful intercourse prevails, music lends its charm, intellectual exercise is indulged, and all is enjoyed with a delight unmixed with frivolity and with a warmth unimpaired by worldly satiety. 'The United Society of Believers' was formed two years after the death of Mother Ann Lee, and its simple creed governs the societies 10-day : 1st, a virgin life; 2d, separation from the world ; 3d, confession and repentance of sin ; 4th, united inheritance ; 5th, chastity of body ; 6th, purity of spirit. Under this creed it becomes the duty of every accepted member ' to study carefully and diligently, to speak peace, to eschew bad habits, and to walk circumspectly before God and mail.' Through their spiritual singleness, their frugal manner of living, and the few objects which engross their minds, they are more devoted to the callings which they follow, and therefore it may be that their productions have an intrinsic worth which makes them more desirable. Some of the most useful inventions of the day are claimed by the Shakers, among which are the improved Shaker washing ma chine, now so genearlly used in the large institutions of the country; the Babbit ¦metal, invented by Daniel N. Baird (Webster in his dictionary being incorrect), also inventor of the first rotary harrow ; the board matcher, by Henry Bennett and Amos Bishop, and the circular saw, invented at the same society, and still to be seen at the State Geological department in Albany! The corn broom is a Shaker invention, and for many years was manufactured exclusively by them. The society in the town of Watervliet claim to have originated cut nails, and exhibit some of the machinery first employed by them for that purpose, and many more equally useful inventions by that truly inventive people. Shaker garden seeds attest the care and improvement in culture due to an intimate knowledge of the wants of vegetable life, while their applesauce and preserves are household words, which involuntarily cause the mouth to water and the mind to teem with recollections of surreptitious feeds of jam in childhood's hungry days. Indeed, so well established is their reputation, and so popular have their products become, that other producers and manufacturers have not scrupled to use their name, and to such an extent has this counterfeiting been carried on that it is necessary to be careful to be sure that the so called-Shaker manufactures ever saw a Shaker. The Shakers, in the inception, growth and triumph of their societies, by the force of example illustrate the power of well-directed industry and frugality, coupled with unity and sincerity. Existing in many parts of the United States, these thoroughly respected communities, while shunning publicity, accord to every man his due, eschew strife, clothe the naked, feed the hungry, heal the sick and extend to those tired of an existence of selfishness and sin, the privilege of enjoying, amidst content and plenty, a well spent life, free from the cares and exactions of the world, and happy in the possession of a clear conscience.