SAVED: Not by the death of Jesus, but by the life of Christ Jesus. GILES B. AVERY It is our business, as Christians, to live the Christ life, rather than to argue stale theological predicates and solutions ; still we would courteously reply to any correspondent and try to shed light. ' For modes of faith let graceless bigots fight, His can't be wrong, whose life is in the right.' A friend from Florida writes us : ' I understand by some of your writings, that you do not altogether believe that Jesus was born the Christ' (by his nativity of Mary). Again, ' Unless his prophetic sireship (God) can be maintained, the virtue of His atonement falls,' etc., etc. And, further, ' I sup- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 125 posed this was fundamental with all who see any beauty in Christ at all.' True, as our correspondent suggests, the fundamental dogmas of most of the theological creeds of the popular (so-called) 'Christian' denominations, embrace the following ideas : 1. God, as the sireship, Father of Jesus, instead of Joseph. 2. Jesus, the sonship of God, and second God of the Trinity. 3. God angry, and wrathful at the sins of mankind. 4. God proposed the murder of Jesus — His younger brother God, by the hands of (wicked ?) men that Jesus' animal blood, shed, might appease the wrath of his Elder God, and thus reconcile sinful men to Him, by the sacrifice of the righteous. 5. That it was wicked for the Jews to kill Jesus (although according to God's purpose), that by His death He might ransom from sufferings, as the penalty of sin, all mankind who should believe in Jesus' mission as atoning for the sins of mankind by suffering a physical death by murder. It is a truth as applicable to theological deductions as to the conclusions of natural philosophy applied to mechanical principles, mathematics, astronomy, chemistry biology, or any of the sciences, that if the predicate is wrong, the conclusive deductions therefrom cannot be right; and truthfully the poet sings: 'None sends his arrow to the prize in view, Whose hand is feeble, or his aim untrue ; For, though ere yet the shaft is on the wing, Or, when it first forsakes the elastic string, It errs but little from the intended line, It falls, at length, far wide of its design.' And, as says Young, ' With the talents of an angel a man may be a fool. If he judges amiss in the supreme point, judging right in all else but aggravates his folly, as itshows him wrong, though blest with the best capacity of being right.' According to Shaker-Christian theology, the first error of the foregoing dogmas is, the masculine trinity of Deity. 2. That Jesus is very God, as well as very man. 3. That Jesus was a production of parthenogenesis, and through that process of creation, became the Divine Son of God — the Christ. 4. That Jesus, irrespective of, and before He was anointed, was Christ. 5. That a. just and merciful God of love should possess an attribute of injustice and cruelty that should require the death sacrifice of the innocent Jesus as an atonement for the sins of the human race, and thus violate His own commandment. 6. That God instituted a fellow God to be the Mediator between God and man. 7. That through the sin of one man al 1 men became sinners. 8. And, through the righteousness of one man (observe, Jesus is now called man, not God !) all believing in him became righteous. 9. That the full and complete revelation of all the truths of God necessary for man's salvation, redemption, spiritual development and heavenly endowment was manifested eighteen hundred years ago, and all revelation then forever ceased. Let us now endeavor to disentangle, in a brief way, this snarled theology, and present Shaker-Christian theology. 1, Of the masculine Trinity God. Moses, the Prophets, Jesus and Paul, all represent God as Creator, Parentage, Father and Mother — as there can be no Father without a Mother. And, although philosophy and experience both teach that the finite cannot comprehend the Infinite, yet the most consistent, idea of God presented by philosophy, revelation, observation and experience, is God—a prototype of His creation, a bi-sexual Being, ' Let us make man in our image and likeness.' 2. Of the Godship of Jesus. The scripture prophecies and promises make Jesus of the seed of Abraham — David — through whom ' all the nations of the earth should be blessed.' Not the seed of God. 'God, thy God, hath anointed Thee — Jesus— with the oil of gladness above Thy fellows.' Psa. xlv, ? ; Heb. i, 9. Who His fellows, if Jesus is God ? And did His Elder and Father God, anoint Him to be above Himself? Jesus was the ' Rod ' that 'should come forth ont of the stem of Jesse.' The ' Branch ' that ' shall grow out of his roots ' — Jes- 12(3 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. se's — not God's. ' I will bring forth a seed out of Jacob and out of Judah, an inheritor of my mountains ; ' not out of God but Jacob and Judah. ' The scepter shall not depart from Judali,, nor a lawgiver from between his feet until Sldloh'—(Jesus)'— ' come, and unto Him shall the gathering of the people be.' 'Both He that sanctifieth' — Jesus—'and they who are sanctified '—His followers —' are all of one ' race or stock, 'for which cause He is not ashamed to call them brethren.' Of course not all Gods! ' Verily He took not on Him the nature of angels '(nor of Gods), 'but He took on Him the seed of Abraham'' (not of God), ' wherefore, in all things it behooved Him to be made like unto His brethren' (not to God) ' that He might be a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to God.' ' For in that He himself hath suffered, being tempted, He is able to succor them that are tempted.' 'For God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempteth He any man.' James i, 13. Our friend further says: *'I supposed, Isa. vii, 14, had reference to this sam.e Jesus to say nothing of the unanswerable mention of His coming in the fulness of time, just when He did,' etc. The prophecy of Isaiah vii, 14, 'Behold a virgin sliall conceive and bring forth a son,' which by theologians for ages has been used as a shore to prop up the story of the miraculous conception of Jesus; but when it is carefully studied it will be found entirely directed to the birth of the Prophet Isaiah's own son by the prophetess, until then a virgin, viz.: ' Maher-Shalal-hash-baz,' and to the incidents transpiring before he had knowledge to cry ' my Father and my Mother.' The story is a plain one, and fully elaborated by Isaiah. Thus, in the reign of Ahaz, King of Judah ; ttezin, King of Syria, and Pekah, Revnaliah's son, King of Israel, conspired together against King Ahaz to war against Jerusalem, that is, Judah. Ahaz was greatly troubled about it, and the Lord sent the Prophet Isaiah to quiet him, who told him not to fear, nor be faint-hearted because of the conspiracy of those two kings against him, calling them 'two tails of smoking fire brands.' The following chapter tells the whole story, and is made clear by reference to ii Kings.. 15-30, and 16-9. And, said the prophet, ' Thus saitli the Lord, it,' this conspiracy, ' shall not stand, neither shall it come to pass, but, within 85 years Ephraim shall be broken and not be a people.' Then he says to King Ahaz, ' If ye will not believe surely you shall not be established.' Then to help his faith the prophet told him to ask a sign of the Lord. Ahaz refused The prophet reproved him, asking him if he would weary God as he did men? Then told him ' the Lord would give him a sign.' What was it? Why, 'Behold a virgin' (the prophet's young wife, then a virgin), shall conceive and bear a son, and call his name Immanuel, and he should eat butter and honey.' See Isa. vii, 17 to 23. And, before he should know how to refuse the evil and choose the good, the land he abhorred, Syria and Israel, should be forsaken of both their kings.' This was accom plished. See ii Kings, xv, 30, and xvi, 9, ac cording to prophecy, before this prophetess' child, who was the virgin's son referred to, could cry ' my father and my mother; but it was 742 years before the birth of Jesus. This child, Maher-Shalal-hash-baz, was also called Immanuel. See Isa. viii, 8 to 9, and vii, 14. Jesus, speaking of His nativity, of the seed of Abraham, calls Himself, always, ' the Son of Man,' as if foreseeing what an effort would be made to deify Him, and to forestall it. The Jews called Him the son of Joseph and Mary. ' Is not this the carpenter's son, and is not His mother called Mary ? And His brethren James and Joses, and Simon and Judas ? And His sisters, are they not all with us? Whence, then, hath this man (not God) all these things? Matt, xiii, 55, 56. Now, if Jesus was not Joseph's son, but begotten of God, He was not of the lineage, and an offspring of David, and the scriptural promises to Abraham and David concerning the Messiah being of their seed, have never been fulfilled at all; for Jesus, mother, Mary, was not of the tribe of David but of Levi. Thus, Mary was daughter of Eli, Eli of the race of Ithamar, Ithamar was Aaron's fourth son. Aaron was a prince of THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 127 the tribe of Levi. Levi was third son of Jacob. But David was the youngest son of Jesse, of the tribe of Judah ; Judah was a son of Jacob. But the Religieux say falsely, ' Mary was of the i-oyai race of David,' in order thus to make Jesus, though He were not Joseph's child, of the lineage of David ; thus supporting the fable of the miraculous conception, as this stoiy is admitted by all good scholars in Greek and Plebrew, to be an interpolsiation by some of the early Christ ians and not to be found in the earliest copies of Matthew extant. But still further, .Jesus is called,' A Lamb slain from the foundations of the world.' What world ? The new world He came to organize, ' Behold I create all things new.' If this slaying referred to Jesus' death, and He was God, and slain by the will of His Elder God, then God committed deicide. Thus we have the truth, Jesus, when born of Mary, was the 'Son of Man,' Joseph ; he was in time anointed by God's ministers, with the Divine spirit, which anointing constituted Him the Christ, made Him the ' Son of God' called 'The first begotten Son of God.' He,was now a ' new creature,' and in this birth capacity ' The first born (into the New Creation) of many brethren, other sons of God. Now, of the atonement, ' He, Jesus, not Christ, gave His life a ransom for many.' What life? The life of a carnal nature, a selfish, worldly will, a life to sin, ' In that, that He died, He died unto sin once.' In that that He liveth He liveth unto God.' But how about the ransom? By opening the way for others to follow. ' He that would come after me, let him take up his cross and follow me.' ' My reward is with me to give to every man according as Ms works shall be.' ' He shall save his people from their sins; not in their sins; not from the sufferings of sins committed. The ransom is in the salvation and by virtue of the heavenly life services He gave to do God's will as an exampler, and by which He became the ' Mediator of the New Covenant' between God and man. It was Jesus Christ, Jesus anointed, who was this Mediator; not a Ood, but the 'first born Son of Ood, ' — a man, but a new man ; an anointed man, a ' New Creature.' Jesus declared, ' Except a man be born again, he cannot be my disciple.' If Jesus had to be born again, and yet was the ' Son of God ' by His birth of Mary, pray what did He become by His second or new birth ? But our correspondent says, ' I supposed the idea that Jesus was divine from birth (of Mary, he means), was fundamental with all who see any beauty in Christ at all.'' Says the popular confession of faith : ' That Jesus died for our sins, and in our room and stead, is a doctrine much to be desired, and very full of comfort to the true believer.' Indeed, but said the prophet, ' To whom is the arm of the Lord revealed ? ' ' For He shall grow up before Him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry ground ; He hath no form nor comeliness ; and when we shall see Him there is no beauty that we should desire Him.' ' He is despised and rejected of men, a man of sorrows '-(not a God), ' and acquainted with grief.' Thus is the vision to the carnal worldly man to whom Christ's life devoted to God, and example to follow, is set before him. ' Surely He hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows ;' not in our room and stead, but sympathetically sensing our condition ' that He might be a merciful and faithful high priest.' ' In that He himself hath suffered, being tempted, He is able to succor them that are tempted.' 'Yet we did esteem Him smitten of Ood and afflicted.' ' But He was wounded for ' (i. e., because of not instead of) ' our transgressions, He was bruised for' (because of) 'our iniquities.' ' The chastisements of our peace was upon Him ' because of His sufferings through an interested sympathy, ' And with His stripes we are healed ' by bearing the same as He bore them ; and, in another sense, when He lays them upon us, 'and He shall smite the earth with the rod of His mouth, and with the breath of His lips shall He slay the wicked.' Isa. 11, and 4. ' When thou shalt make His soul an offering/«r sin ' (that is because of sin), 'He shall see His seed.' He could not have a posterity until He had followers; He could not have followers until He led the way, suffering for His own soul's redemption, thus 128 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. He gave ' His soul an offering ' up to God ; and it is thus, ' He shall see the travail of His soul and be satisfied,' ' because He had poured out his soul unt o death ' (death to sin), not by His physical death, ' in that He died He died unto sin.' '; He bare the sins of many (sympathetically as a mother bears the sins of her child), and made intercession for the transgressors-' Thus as an interceding Mediator He suffered, sympathetically. But ' He shall give to every one according as their works shall be,' not a ransom from their sufferings by suffering in their stead for their sin. It is not very practicable to argue all points extensively in a single letter, but the gist of our theology on some of these points is herein given. There are, no doubt,very many good Christians who fully believe in the miraculous conception of Jesus, because their life practices correspond to that of Jesus Christ's example, and this life is often a fruit of spiritual conviction and evolution beyond the speculative ideas of its possessor. Yet we think no person who is thoroughly baptized into the truth and spirit of the Christ life can fail to know that Jesus was not God, nor one of a ' holy trinity of Gods.' And all true and experienced Shakers know by the spirit of Christ operating upon their own soul's travail, that Jesus had to be born again.after His birth of Mary, and out of His earthly, Adamic, generative nature, and become regenerated in order to become a ' Son of God.' However, the seeking of souls quickened by God's thought and power is not simply to discover theories adapted to the support of some conventional institution ; but for that truth that gives the soul wings of power to soar above earth's sensual, groveling plane, in the pure element of heavenly bliss. Conventional institut ions and their advocates simply to sustain such, do not always manifest themselves the unmistakable proclaimers of truth, and the mind which merely seeks some human theory of these to serve, may often miss the truth. Shakers, N. Y.