UNNATURAL? The opponents of Shakerism never seem to tire when prating about its ' unnatural features/' and to them it has none but unnatural ones. Admitting the fact that it teaches denial to many desires which on the lowest animal plane are most natural, yet it never does this without presenting equally inviting reasons for adopting a more spiritual career. It never presents the Christian cross as an element of afflction, of torture nor robbery of human happiness; but its only presentation of the cross is for the exchange of the lesser good for the greater gain. Self-denial of bad habits is universally commendable; then rising a step higher in the scale of reasoning, let us see that it is no more unnatural to forsake the simply good, animal, lower-plane practices to engage in the struggles for angelic attainments, than was the forsaking the bad for the simply good. To those whose benighted organizations permit but one argument for nature, and this to yield to the inclinations of the lower instincts, Shakerism, with its denials to both the use and abuse of i the procreative passions, must appear most unnatural. Such seem to be happy that they know no more than the brutes; and the simple progress demanded of their human natures, to rise so high above the brutes as to imitate the example of angels, brings pangs to their auimal bliss; while all thoughts of living on earth as they do in heaven, seem preposterous, unnatural, and are met with what they feel to be their well-merited disgust. And such claim to be Christians, too. Unnatural as they term Shaker lives and testimonies, they seldom or never term the same kind of lives and testimonies, lived by the great exampler, Jesus, and immediate disciples — they never term these unnatural! And yet, in this failure to term Jesus' life example unnatural lies the self-evident truth that it was the natural gradation of life, out of the selfish sphere;, up to the adorable position Jesus occupied, and for which he is so highly honored. To those only who are satisfied in living as Jesus did not, is Shakerism an infliction and unnatural. To those who see the progressive beauty into higher and thoroughly spiritual life, which Jesus inaugurated by his self-denials, there is nothing unnatural about Shakerism, nor radical Christianity. As was Jesus' ' life cut off from the earthly ' plane, to be used for superior purposes, so we, the Shakers, humbly trying to experience the beauty of the same cutting-off, realize that the denials are full of comfort, very spiritual, and in accord with progressive, elevated nature. Had God intended men and women always and only to grope on the earthly plane, fulfilling only the desires which the beasts have in common with them, the aspirations for the more heavenly condition would never have been planted in their souls. The aspirations being there, the attainment will be sought sooner or later, and this will alone be accomplished by the denials to selfish indulgences, animal passions, which however good in their places, are inferior to and unnatural in the more spiritual, heavenly realm. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 137 Genuine Shakerism is simply actuualized Christianity in life; and is just as natural and as much to be expected as the development of higher life in the lower grades of life ; and to us it is the highest attainment humanity can reach on earth. Shakerism is very spiritual; it makes its adherents very spiritual ; and if it is unnatural to be very spiritual, we, unable to help it, purpose cleaving to the spirit. ^