Editorial UNNATURAL? The opponents of Shakerism never seem to tire when prating about its ' unnatural features/' and to them it has none but unnatural ones. Admitting the fact that it teaches denial to many desires which on the lowest animal plane are most natural, yet it never does this without presenting equally inviting reasons for adopting a more spiritual career. It never presents the Christian cross as an element of afflction, of torture nor robbery of human happiness; but its only presentation of the cross is for the exchange of the lesser good for the greater gain. Self-denial of bad habits is universally commendable; then rising a step higher in the scale of reasoning, let us see that it is no more unnatural to forsake the simply good, animal, lower-plane practices to engage in the struggles for angelic attainments, than was the forsaking the bad for the simply good. To those whose benighted organizations permit but one argument for nature, and this to yield to the inclinations of the lower instincts, Shakerism, with its denials to both the use and abuse of i the procreative passions, must appear most unnatural. Such seem to be happy that they know no more than the brutes; and the simple progress demanded of their human natures, to rise so high above the brutes as to imitate the example of angels, brings pangs to their auimal bliss; while all thoughts of living on earth as they do in heaven, seem preposterous, unnatural, and are met with what they feel to be their well-merited disgust. And such claim to be Christians, too. Unnatural as they term Shaker lives and testimonies, they seldom or never term the same kind of lives and testimonies, lived by the great exampler, Jesus, and immediate disciples — they never term these unnatural! And yet, in this failure to term Jesus' life example unnatural lies the self-evident truth that it was the natural gradation of life, out of the selfish sphere;, up to the adorable position Jesus occupied, and for which he is so highly honored. To those only who are satisfied in living as Jesus did not, is Shakerism an infliction and unnatural. To those who see the progressive beauty into higher and thoroughly spiritual life, which Jesus inaugurated by his self-denials, there is nothing unnatural about Shakerism, nor radical Christianity. As was Jesus' ' life cut off from the earthly ' plane, to be used for superior purposes, so we, the Shakers, humbly trying to experience the beauty of the same cutting-off, realize that the denials are full of comfort, very spiritual, and in accord with progressive, elevated nature. Had God intended men and women always and only to grope on the earthly plane, fulfilling only the desires which the beasts have in common with them, the aspirations for the more heavenly condition would never have been planted in their souls. The aspirations being there, the attainment will be sought sooner or later, and this will alone be accomplished by the denials to selfish indulgences, animal passions, which however good in their places, are inferior to and unnatural in the more spiritual, heavenly realm. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 137 Genuine Shakerism is simply actuualized Christianity in life; and is just as natural and as much to be expected as the development of higher life in the lower grades of life ; and to us it is the highest attainment humanity can reach on earth. Shakerism is very spiritual; it makes its adherents very spiritual ; and if it is unnatural to be very spiritual, we, unable to help it, purpose cleaving to the spirit. ^ ENCOURAGE THEM The hundreds of schemes for inducing men and women to leave the baser walks of life, now active and at work, are worthy of every commendation and encouragement. Every effort made to reclaim the lost, elevate the downcast, reform the malformed and for the increase of human happiness, should be seconded by all other earnest devotees of virtue. The vices of humanity, and their consequences, cost more than two-thirds of all the wealth there is, to enter correction, protection and the maintenance of the peace of society. Every erroneous or vicious way that is suppressed — every bad habit that is supplanted by its opposite and heavenly virtue — is a thorn uprooted and a flower entered in its place —human happiness is increased, and thus God is praised. More people than we are aware of, are ready and waiting for the advanced views of religious life which Shakerism teaches. Many are anxiously waiting the angel call to come up higher than they are; and so sincerely anxious are these, that it will not matter where the angels lead, they will determinedly follow. Total abstinences, rigid self-denials, reforms many and superior, costing, perhaps, agonies of soul in the separation of the inferior life from the aspirations to the superior ; but they will be endured, even as they have been in the past. The majority, however, are not yet ready for the practice of virgin purity through the entire life; not yet ready for the harvest from themselves and private pi°operty which our faith teaches ; nor yet willing to practice peace even to the fullest non-resistance; not yet able to keep themselves unspotted from the world as did Jesus, our elder brother, and example. But until these extreme Christian measures can be proclaimed to waiting, willing, anxious ears, let every encouragement be given to Temperance, Peace, Aid and Protective Societies—all societies which aim at the culture of virtue and suppression of vice. Let the Fruit and Flower Missions be sustained, that the sick and dying may be cheered and comforted in their extremities. Forget not the widow, the fatherless and motherless , think to do good to those in prison and pray for their wholesome restoration, first to virtuous manhood and womanhood, and then to liberty. And when the liberty of Christ shall abound in the individual—in every individual — when the perfect gospel shall come to the knowledge of all souls, then these projects of partial restoration to paradise may be done away. But until then, let them receive every encouragement; for out of them will the blossomings come, that will enripen the full fruition of radically Christian manhood and womanhood. ¦ This Number Our readers will observe the space given to notices of the demise of that once truly great man, Elder Grove B. Blancttard. For years he has patiently awaited his call to the better land, and now he has gone to enjoy a well-stored harvest of everlasting gains. On our cover is presented the picture of the earthly home of this beautiful man, so full of valuable historical incidents in early Shaker days. This was also the home of two other lovely souls Whose departures we chronicle this month. We wish we could give a true picture of their spirit homes. We are really surprised and sorrowed to note the departure in the west of G. W. Ingalls who has been such a prominent worker there. Our sympathies are with the people there. By reference to our Society Record, a ' New Departure' in the appointments of trustees will be observed. This is a good move, but let not such an arranged equality of the sexes be construed into the supremacy of either one. How nice! The eulogistic criticisms rendered by our friend T. C. Callicot, editor of the Albany Evening Times, which paper, by the way, is the best edited sheet in this country, outside of the city of New York — we only wish we could feel were as well deserved as they are conscientiously given. The beautious results therein pictured are truly the fruits of the shaker system when acting* under its full development. It only remains for us Shakers to act more in accord with the system to have his critical statements true. But how nice! God in Man Decisions We invite the careful perusal of the article upon ' Spiritual Communion' by our venerable brother Fraser. It contains elements of deepest and highest value to the thinking classes of to-day. The special reference to the divine in our humanity, of matters which call for a higher arbiter than our selfish judgments, is simply a grand statement. We especially refer to the paragraph after that answer to a series of selfish cpieries—' Certainly they shall fare alike.' Read,ponder, act conscientiously. 'CHRISTIAN' CRIMINALS AN EXPLANATION OF THE RECENT OHOP OF ' FALLEN ANGELS.' Zion's Herald, the national organ of the Methodist Episcopal Church, has this to say on 'Christian' criminals: ' It is very distressing to read of these continued business delinquencies among professedly Christian men. A fresh one is announced by the daily press in the western portion of Massachusetts. They are not, indeed, new cases. They were running parallel with those which have been heretofore developed. Doubtless there are others to be revealed. During the flush years of the war, and immediately after, men became beside themselves in the whirl of speculation, and the possibilities of becoming in a short time rich. In the apparently certain prospect of ample returns for every investment, they lost the nice sense of honor and of sterling probity, not to say their hold upon the divine Hand. They used trust property not exactly as their own, perhaps, but for their own benefit. They risked what they had no right to peril, upon the presumption, criminal indeed in itself, that they could THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 139 readily replace it. The free use of money, even though it belonged to other people, awakened the temptation to indulge in unwonted luxuries, and this created the need of a larger income than came from honest service. Of the latest Massachusetts defalcation, on the part of a Congregational church officer, it is significantly remarked by a correspondent that he was ' too fond of appearances.' It does not harm the Christian religion to have these things occur, but it does weaken the power of the Christian church over men. Christ survives although Judas betrayed Him. If there ever was a period when a profound reformation, affecting character and life, was needed, we seem to have reached such an era. It is an hour when a Church fast might happily be appointed to make hearty confession before God of worldliness and backsliding, and to pray for forgiveness and an outpouring of His Spirit. Such a course, honestly pursued, might call out more confessions, and would certainly bring down a divine benediction.'