JEWISH TESTIMONY OF CHRIST. The late Mr. Noah, a Jew and a distinguished editor, of New York city, said: ' Jesus preached at all times, and in all places, in and out of' the temple, with an eloquence such as no man has since possessed. Jesus was free from fanaticism ; His was a quiet, subduing, retiring faith. ' He mingled with the poor, communed with the wretched, ayoidedthe rich, and rebuked the vain-glorious. He sincerely believed His mission, courted no one; was pointed and severe in His denunciations. These are not the characteristics of an imposter ; but, admitting that we give a different interpretation to His mission, when one hundred and fifty millions believe in His divinity, and we see around us abundant evidence of the happiness, good faith, mild government and liberal feelings which spring from His religion, what right has any one to call Him an imposter 1 — that religion which is calculated to make mankind happy cannot be a false one.' Dr. Raphael, a profound scholar and eloquent Rabbi, whose name was one of the most familiar in religious circles some thirty years since, speaks in a similar strain: ' If you are desirous of knowing the opinion of a Jew, ay, of a teacher in Israel, re specting the proceedings against and the condemnation of the Master from Nazareth, I do not hesitate to tell you that I do not by any means feel bound to identify myself, or my brethren in faith, with those proceedings or to uphold that condemnation ; I, as a Jew, do say that it appears to me Jesus became the victim of fanaticism combined with jealousy and lust of power in Jewish hierarchs, even as in later years Huss and Jerome of Prague, Latimer and Ridley, became the victims of fanaticism combined with jealousy and lust of power in Christian hierarchs ; and while I and the Jews of the present day protest against being identified with the zealots who were concerned in the proceedings against Jesus of Nazareth, we are far from reviling His character or deriding His precepts, which are for the most part those of Moses and the prophets.' The Jewish nation was the chosen people of God, and though ' He opened the door of faith to the Gentiles, that the Gentiles should be fellow heirs and of the same body and partakers of this promise in Christ by the Gospel,' nevertheless, it cannot be denied that the promise was first given to the Jews. When prominent teachers in Israel give such testimony as we have quoted, it makes us feel as though the time were near at hand when the ancient people of God, which kept its faith for so many centuries, will be brought under the banner of the Cross, and there shall be but one fold and one Shepherd. — Frank Leslie's Sunday Maga