IS SHAKERISM THE MILLENNIUM? Dear Brethren, Lomas, Myrick, Dibble, Evans, and all other writers in the sparkling Manifesto : 'All ye who have the hope of the millennium, please answer me through the Manifesto some questions which I will now ask you ; not in a captious spirit, but in the name of reason, and all that is good, great and holy. 1. Is it possible for Shakerism to redeem the world and bring the millennium in any general sense, so that order, harmony, peace, prosperity, common property, and all the concomitants of brotherly love shall prevail throughout the whole world ? Are you the Christ or do we look for another ? If it is not possible for communism to exist for any length of time outside of the doctrine and practice of celibacy, and if Shakerism is indebted for its existence more to the training and tutorage of the young and unconverted taken in from the outside world, than from those who flow into it through growth in grace or compulsions of the holy spirit; and if with both sources of supply, you are constantly dwindling through death and desertion, are we, wellwishers to the race, who are constantly praying ' Thy kingdom come,' to look for the whole millennium to come through you ? If so, what cheer ? If not, are we to look to some generative order of communism to multiply and replenish the world with a better stock of human beings who shall hate war and contention, and so fulfill the prophecy of beating the sword into plough shares ? Again : If there is any communism extant or yet to be developed that will bring the millennium, will not that be the one that shall maintain it ? And if so, won't it have to be generative, self-sustaining, etc.? Are not you Shakers to be considered the forerunners of the true order rather than the order itself ? The John Baptists that shall precede the real Clmst ? Is the generative act necessarily unholy any more than the act of eating—seeing that both acts are in and of themselves selfish, and therefore liable to perversion ? Are not all our faculties selfish in their action, each in its own sphere of activity ? ... Does not even benevolence seek its own gratification, and sometimes meet restraint ? Is it not possible for the people of Oneida to be just as sincere, and as much inspired by all that is good and great, as you are ? If they take the wild horse of amativeness, so essential to the life of men, and yet so destructive sometimes, and lasso him down to the halter, and there bridle and harness and train him into the divine (?) works of a scientific propagation, to the production of a more noble, human fruit age, are they not doing the noblest work possible to conceive of? And is not that even in the eyes of the God of all life and purity, a holier thing to do than to catch and mutilate him, and thereby compel him to live without the hope of reproduction — the loss of parentage — the love of offspring, one of the most unselfish, or rather one of the most selfish, and therefore the most happifying elements of the human soul? Yours, D. H. Hamilton.