A MONSTROUS HYPOCRISY. It is pretty generalJt u nderstood that Shaker testimony is diametrically opposed to the mingling of churchal affairs with state matters. As evidence of our good faith in this desirable and necessary opposition, we have ever declined to enter political arenas, , or to express by our votes any prefer-. ences for political aspirants; or to ao-. cept proffered political positions with THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 155 their honors and emoluments. We believe, with Jesus, in rendering unto worldly governments their dues; and in being ever more faithful to keep God's tributes,tdue from us, separate and uncontaminated from the policies of state. Hence, we are opposed to the thousands of military post chaplains, chaplains of legislative bodies, and chaplains of regiments in the Burgess or national guard. We have a Christian testimony against, and horror of, any chaplain who professes Jesus Christ, who yet believes in war, retaliation, the maiming of human lives or the spilling of human blood under any circumstances. Under Judaism such detestable officials and disgraceful cormorants, under pay of the devil and perverted treasuries, might with some reasonable excuses occupy; but a minister occupying a position where duty compels the dispensations of the New Testament, in which the forgiveness of sins and love of enemies is so abundantly taught, yet who suborn themselves for lucre to the teaching of forgiveness of enemies, but not until after they have killed them, is a most disgraceful hypocrisy! Gen. Schofield, at West Point, lately bore valuable evidence against such frauds as military chaplains, when he disclaimed that they ever taught any 'such foolishness as unretaliation!' ' The New Testament teaches such a doctrine,' retorted the General, ' but we teach no such foolishness here ! ' and this is true with the entire state governments the world over. We therefore enter a loud, living and eternal protest against such abominable hypocrites as chaplains, who, under Christian colors, plead excuses for, or who encourage war. Tell ns not our protests are in vain; for the good, true, and best sense of the entire people are with us, and will yet effectually rid the country of such Jesuitical hypocrisy. It is a most disgraceful perversion of the high calling of a Christian minister to mingle his voice as such, where common sense teaches the hypocrisy and sacrilege of his prayers. We plead with governments of state to dismiss all such, and in the interim of such action by the government, we invite every such chaplain professing Christ, to immediately resign.