HONESTY. HENRY WARD BEECHER talks to his con-gregation thus thoughtfully and fearlessly: I think the great crying danger in our day is lying and dishonesty. Some folks think it is heterodoxy with reference to the doc-trines of the Atonement and of the punish-ment of the wicked; but I think it is lying and dishonesty. I hold that unless this church can maintain a gospel that shall bring itself to bear on these subjects you will be eaten up by dry rot. I hold that the influence of the individual members of this church, and the influence of this church collectively, ought to take care of the taxa-tion question of Brooklyn. There is very great dishonesty in the matter of taxation. There is widespread selfishness and lying and dishonesty on the part of property-holders who are unwilling to take their share of the burden of government. There is all manner of secretiveness and duplicity practiced by men in this matter - and that even among professors of religion, and church members and officers of churches-that they may get rid of paying their por-tion of the tax for the support of the com-monwealth; and it is a shame. I am in favor of taxing churches and ministers. I am in favor of taxing every thing, right through the whole community, except the State's own institutions and institutions of charity. 'l'here is no reason in the world why a minister with a salary like mine should not be taxed as much as if he were a bank president; and there is no reason in the world why this church should not be taxed in its property. It is said that it is working for the welfare of the whole com-munity, and that it makes good citizenship. So it does; and every honest storekeeper and mechanic does the same thing; and every well-regulated church is doing what every other well-regulated institution is doing in the community. And I hold that there should be witnesses springing up in Christian churches, among Christians every where, in favor of honesty in rendering an account of property, and in favor of men paying their taxes willingly and gladly; for many men are sneaks in this matter. Multitudes of men there are, worth their millions, who scarcely pay their mills. That fact begets ill feeling; and outside classes say, 'Here are these rich men who go into the churches and bear each other out in dis-honesty, and smear over that dishonesty by hypocritical religion; and we have to pay the heavy debts.' It makes disintegrating prejudices throughout the community; and I say that it is the duty of Christian men in churches to see to it that a gospel is preached in every pulpit that will make men love the truth, and make them honest - honest toward the State, honest toward corporations, honest toward all classes - for honesty in transactions on the part of a great commercial nation like our own is John Baptist to the Gospel. I think that the counterfeiter and the thief may be converted; but I do not believe that a man in whose blood runs secret dishonesty and hypocrisy can be converted without these things coming to the surface and being repented of by him. Religion is not morality; but there is no religion without morality. Dirt is not wheat; but there is no wheat that has not dirt under it; and there must be morality in public sentiment; and I do not know where we shall get it unless it comes out of our churches; and this church, that never has been second in any good word or work, ought not to be second in exerting a purgative and healing influence on the community in this matter of honesty.