The Children's Grotto. THE VIRGIN THEE. Granville T. Sproat. Among the north-western tribes of American Indians, I once witnessed a very interesting ceremony, called ' WahMskah Metig' or the 'Test of the Virgin Tree.' It was in the month of May, which the Indians call the ' moon of flowers,' that this festival was celebrated. The place selected was a beautiful plain, in the center of which was a large tree, called, in honor of the occasion, the ' Virgin Tree.' This tree was decorated with wreaths of pure, white flowers, woven, on the morning of the festival, by the maidens of the tribe. On the morning of the day, all the village band assembled and seated themselves around the tree, while the maidens of the tribe danced around it in quick and uniform succession, singing the song of the White Spirits, which may be translated thus : ' I bear a gift of purity ; I bear a gift from White Spirits to me ; I bear a gift from the Virgin Tree.' While singing this song, the maiden reached forth her hand and touched the tree, and taking from it a wreath of white flowers, placed it on her head. She then turned to the assembly and waited for a response from them, which was this; 'It is yours! it is yours! the gift of the White Spirit is yours !' If any one in the assembly failed to respond to these words, he was called forth, questioned, and then made to confront the maiden and bear witness to her want of chastity. If this could be proved, she was stripped of her crown of white flowers, and expelled from the band of Vestals; nor could she be admitted, until after several months of fasting and purification, among the band of worshipers that worshiped in the Great Open Lodge of Worship, before the Great Spirit. Come to the Virgin Tree ! Ye Vestals, one and all ! Come, for pure spirits from the skies Are sending forth their call. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 157 ' Come forth ! come forth ! ' they cry, 'And join the Heaven-crowned throng ! Come, let your hearts and voices join, And sing the Vestal song.' Come to the Virgin Tree! The place is holy ground, Here peace, and joy, and gentle love From heavenly spheres are found. No darkness gathers here — Light beams from worlds above ; Pure are the spirits waiting here To bless us with their love. Come to the Virgin Tree ! Let no unhallowed feet Approach this tree of purity Where Heavenly spirits meet! Let no base, wanton fires Burn in the Vestal's breast, Upon whose consecrated brow The sacred crown shall rest! Come to the Virgin Tree ! Around it, bending down, The radiant ones draw near to bless The Vestals, with their crown. They bless from spheres above, The crown of purity ; Oh ! with what love they gather here, Around the Virgin Tree ! Canaa, N. Y..