Editorial. THE GOOD TIME COME. Never before did' the good time coming' appear so near as now. It is even at our doors - it has entered the tabernacle of human hearts - and we see eye to eye as never before, that the life of Ghrist is the only genuine Ohristianity. Creeds, which have hindered the dawn of this religious liberty - to think and to know this great truth - are at a very great discount, almost on a par with the chaff of the most bigoted sectarianism. Accepting the life of the great Ohristian founder as the main and only important feature of the Ohristian religion, the worse than superstitious error of ' Jesus dying on Oal vary for the sins of the people,' will be dispelled. He died for us, truly, but He died unto a worldly, fleshly, sinful nature, long before His sufferings upon the triangular erection. He died in defense of principles which must be accepted and lived in order to be a Ohristian. He was crucified unto physical death, rather than prove unfaithful to His conscientious dictates - the will of His Father. In the death of Jesus, we learn the important lesson of dying in defense of the right, rather than to live contrary to the will of God. Herein was the only good determined by His cruel death. But in that beautiful life - that loving, peaceable, unretaliating, unselfish and virgin-pure life - herein was and is the essence and spirit of His mission - herein we have an elder brother, a noble, leading exampler of how we must live to he Ohristians, His disciples, His follow- ers, N ow is the good time all who espouse this truth, knowledge, ''Tis not the wide phylactery, Nor stubborn fast, nor stated prayers That make us saints; we judge It tree By what it bears. And when a man can live apart From works, on theologic trust, I know the blood about his heart Is dryas dust.' 'I'he religious institutions, the world over, demand fruits as evidences of our beliefs, and the correctness of our, creeds is determined by the quality, purity and unselfishness of our lives as illustrated in every day behavior. With this demand active, the world is growing better; in fact was never, nearly so good before. The good time has come, and reason and the religion of common, good sense, prevails over the unchristian creeds which ignored the brilliant efficacy of living Christ's life, while they clunr/l.th unfruitful hopes to a useless and cruel death. Life, the life of Christ, has conquered death,' and never in the future, can error spread its direful influences upon the religions feelings of the people, that they ever more will choose death rather than life. For this good time come, so actually and extensively, let us all be truly grateful. A MONSTROUS HYPOCRISY. It is pretty generalJt u nderstood that Shaker testimony is diametrically opposed to the mingling of churchal affairs with state matters. As evidence of our good faith in this desirable and necessary opposition, we have ever declined to enter political arenas, , or to express by our votes any prefer-. ences for political aspirants; or to ao-. cept proffered political positions with THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 155 their honors and emoluments. We believe, with Jesus, in rendering unto worldly governments their dues; and in being ever more faithful to keep God's tributes,tdue from us, separate and uncontaminated from the policies of state. Hence, we are opposed to the thousands of military post chaplains, chaplains of legislative bodies, and chaplains of regiments in the Burgess or national guard. We have a Christian testimony against, and horror of, any chaplain who professes Jesus Christ, who yet believes in war, retaliation, the maiming of human lives or the spilling of human blood under any circumstances. Under Judaism such detestable officials and disgraceful cormorants, under pay of the devil and perverted treasuries, might with some reasonable excuses occupy; but a minister occupying a position where duty compels the dispensations of the New Testament, in which the forgiveness of sins and love of enemies is so abundantly taught, yet who suborn themselves for lucre to the teaching of forgiveness of enemies, but not until after they have killed them, is a most disgraceful hypocrisy! Gen. Schofield, at West Point, lately bore valuable evidence against such frauds as military chaplains, when he disclaimed that they ever taught any 'such foolishness as unretaliation!' ' The New Testament teaches such a doctrine,' retorted the General, ' but we teach no such foolishness here ! ' and this is true with the entire state governments the world over. We therefore enter a loud, living and eternal protest against such abominable hypocrites as chaplains, who, under Christian colors, plead excuses for, or who encourage war. Tell ns not our protests are in vain; for the good, true, and best sense of the entire people are with us, and will yet effectually rid the country of such Jesuitical hypocrisy. It is a most disgraceful perversion of the high calling of a Christian minister to mingle his voice as such, where common sense teaches the hypocrisy and sacrilege of his prayers. We plead with governments of state to dismiss all such, and in the interim of such action by the government, we invite every such chaplain professing Christ, to immediately resign. Editorial Notes Providential workings EDITORIAL NOTES. PROVIDENTIAL WORKINGS. Only a few years since, and there went up from all over the lands, the dreadful howls and disturbing commotions of religious controversies. Nothing engendered more bitterness of feeling nor reprehensible vituperation. To-day men love their fellows too well, to quarrel with them over matters about which each has the right to enjoy freedom of opinion and conscience, so long as no infringement occurs upon the civil or religious rights of others. And yet this grand change from bitterly waged, religious (?) crusades, to peaceful, golden-ruled courtesy, has come, and come to stay. Ask men 'how all this has happened?' ' What has been the cause of the great, good change ? ' None can give a definite answer, commensurate to the occasion. But we know that the ' powers of the world to come ' have been busy — the angels are nearer to-day 156 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. than ever, and the time being ripe for their labor, 'the day-star has arisen, the morning dawns; the sun, in full meridian splendor, will certainly appear. Let us work with the angels. Said the good man: ' My Father worketh hitherto ; and I work.'