CREEDS. [New Jerusalem Messenger.] When we consider that the creeds to which men are asked to subscribe are, for the most part, the dogmas of an old theology, which nobody now understands, or believes as formerly, it is not strange nor unreasonable that there should be a strong feeling of opposition or prejudice against them. The denominations of the Old Church, many of them, have for some time been drifting away from their old moorings ; they seem to be as it were afloat upon a sea of uncertainty ; scarcely any two think alike who undertake to think at all, and it might be impossible to frame new creeds which half a dozen men of them would acknowledge. So far then as creeds tend to fetter the mind, and stand in the way of progress, instead of aiding it, they are certainly worse than useless. And it seems useless to talk of creeds, for those who do not know what they believe. Still it remains a fact, that all religion is founded upon the acknowledgment of some truth, or of something which is supposed to be truth, concerning Divine things. And the expression of this acknowledgment, in a written form, constitutes a creed. Every one then, who has any religion, or any religious belief, has something or other which may be called a creed, though it may not be written, and though it may not be even very distinctly conceived in his own mind. The New Church having an authoritative and rational revelation of the doctrine of spiritual truth, has wherewith to form a full and intelligible creed, because it has, in this revelation, the means of obtaining a clear and distinct faith in the great objects of Christian belief, and above all, in the Lord himself. But not only is the Old Church, to a great extent, in the uncertain and unsettled condition of belief of which I have spoken, but there is, if I mistake not, a considerably large class among them who seem to be quite satisfied to remain in this condition. They do not appear to be interested to know the truth of spiritual things, beyond the barest outlines of Christian doctrine. They say, perhaps, it is of little consequence what a man believes, if he only lives well. They think, possibly, it is of little consequence who or what the Lord is, provided only He saves us. There is probably quite a generally pTe vailing impression that it is impossible to arrive at any certain knowledge and understanding of spiritual things. It is scarcely at all seen that a man's life is according to what he believes, that is, the real belief of his heart. Some say, the Bible is a sufficient creed. But experience must sooner or later convince every intelligent student and investigator of religious truth, of what Swedenborg says, that the Bible cannot be understood without doctrine. It becomes necessary to search the scriptures in order to understand what it is which they really testify concerning the Lord and eternal life. It is possible to draw from them creeds the most various and contradictory in their character. This may, perhaps, be imagined to be a defect in the Bible ; but it results, in reality, from the Divinely perfect adaptation of it to all states and conditions of humanity to those who THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. 1G1 are able to bear but a very little of the light of truth, as well as to those who can bear much; to them who can see no further than the most outward appearances of truth, as well as to those who are internal men ; and so that they may find in it much or little of truth, or none at all, according to their love of truth for its own sake. Thus it compels no one. but leads and guides all who are willing to be led. The case is similar with the book of Inspiration to that of the book of Nature. Both present at the first view much to attract our attention and' admiration, but also much which does not appear what it really is. Both need to be carefully studied and understood. Both teach us of the unsearchable wisdom of the Creator, but only they find the instructiQn who are willing to learn. The Bible has, heretofore, been understood for the most part only literally and believed blindly, and upon authority. Now the number is fast growing smaller who are willing to believe it in this way. Men wish to know what its claims really are, and what it means before they will believe. This is but reasonable. But where, except in the writings of the New Church, can these desires be gratified ? There they certainly can be. D. H. H.