THE RELIGIONS OF THE HEAD AND HEART. Although man's reason is the inlet to his affections, there are many things that enter the former that do not reach the latter. There is a religion of the head, and one of the heart, and in many respects there is a vast difference between them. The religion of the head consists in a number of ideas which have so engaged the attention as to assume before the mind undue proportions, so that their apprehension is held to be all sufficient. They are the man's hope of salvation. If he is indifferent as to the interests of the general cause, and fails to give of his means to its support as he is able ; if he neglects to assemble with the people of God for prayer and confer•ence ; if he neglects secret prayer; if he indulges in habits that are at variance with the spirit of the gospel ; if he fails to 'abstain from all appearance of evil,'' the fact that he still retains his faith in these ideas is heralded as evidence that all is well with him. His religion is wholly one of faith without works. 'This man's religion is vain.' His ideas may be all true, but they are of no benefit to him. His theory of redemption may be correct, but it is a redemption that does not embrace him. He 'holds the truth in unrighteousness.' While he complacently believes himself to be on the road to glory he is on the road to ruin. The religion of the heart consists in a belief in, and conformity to the gospel of Christ as a whole—theoretical, experimental and practical. ' The theory, having been intellectually apprehended, has descended to the affections, and lifted them off things below, and set them on things above, thus giving experience; while the stream, rising in the heart, flows out into the life, carrying a blessing wherever it goes. This is ' pure and undefiled religion.' It seeks to know the truth for the sanctification which the truth brings. It loves the cause for its worth, and is jealous for its prosperity, for which it is not slow to make sacrifices. It carries its possessor to the closet, to the prayer-meeting, to the various duties and crosses of his sphere, with willing feet. It is kind, courteous, and ' behaveth itself not unseemly.' It is not easily daunted, but overcomes by the grace of God. It ever keeps the goal in view, and presses toward it. It will bring its possessor to the joys of the Eternal world. Reader, which of these two religions is yours ? — Domestic Journal.