THE ORDER OF SHAKERS, A PRIESTHOOD, NOT A SECT. DANIEL FRAZER. Every act of this priesthood should represent a divine motive, and be outwardly illustrative of hygienic and moral law. How much the spirits in prison (those who have done wrong to themselves and to the neighbors) need help as such a priesthood can render, I am not prepared to say. But if there is another planet in all the wide beyond, whose inhabitants present so seething a mass of physiological and moral impurity as ours does, I would send every soul of them, the dyspepsia, the cholera, the small-pox or the itch ; and carry them all off, or leave them so busy scratching themselves, as to utterly preclude the possibility of scratching any thing out of their neighbors. The thoughts of many indwellers of clay do not, practically, extend much beyond their own mole-hill. Those who see the ages as they roll, their thoughts are more dignified. They see that the time allotted, and all the troubles assigned to man, are but brief, educational opportunities, preparatory to a life of higher aims, and nobler purposes. And that there will be those who will rise into the higher life, and being clothed with a divine humanity, form a priesthood, whose presence will say: ''Peace, be still, ye elements of human trouble.' At first, it will be traduced; but the never-dying afflatus flowing through them, from the ' Throne of Eternal Brightness,' will, in succeeding generations, call forth forms of love, beauty, peace and good will. Even the hems of their garments will be curative ; and the sweetness of their spirits will catalyze into harmony, even devils. Chemists know that there are substances that by mere contact arrest decomposition. And again, there are substances, which, when pat in contact with another certain substance, will change its chemical character, and yet themselves remain unchanged and undiminished. That divinely vitalized beings possess a corresponding power I have not the smallest doubt ; indeed, I have the most undoubted assurance that all such, whether in or out of the body, possess that power. Jesus Christ expressed the same idea : ' Ye are the salt of the earth ;' but if the salt loses its ability to cure by contact, it will be thrown out to be trodden under foot. The salt of Judea was a very poor article, and had to be kept under certain conditions to be worth any thing. Hence this figure was exceedingly appropriate to all his disciples : ' Watch and pray,' lest ye lose your power. No doubt Jesus often retired to pray that he might be able to keep from evil those whom the Father had given Him. If society can be so far cured, as to do justice to all its members in the matter of giving an equal chance for a start, and a run in the race of life, and give over killing one another, it will be satisfactory as a beginning. Musing on the state of humanity, my thoughts have run thus : Is it possible, will the time ever come when society will rise above its own history — cease to repeat itself ? Have the common forces of our nature, which in all ages with unerring exactitude, have given the same radical features to all modifications of human society, the power to do otherwise than they have done ? The response is, ' history will continue to repeat itself, till a superior force within and without will, to the troubled elements of our lower life, say, ' Peace be still.' At present, society is wisely let alone, to discover and solve her own problems. Evils will certainly increase, for it is their nature to reproduce, incarnate, and make themselves felt. Should a few of the spirits of what are called the dark ages, visit us, and compare notes, they would declare that our civilization is all alive with troubles. Hence, I have been for some years inclining to the opinion, that the time is already on the wing, when Shaker institutions will become a necessity in the earth. Our Order is not exclusively for those who are its members ; but also others — to be a priesthood to them — to change humanity into peace; to assist in introducing the crowning civilization of the ages; and finally help to wind up the terrestrial destiny of man; thus fulfilling the prophetic sentiment of Berkley: 'Westward the course of empire takes its way, The first four acts already past; The fifth will end the drama with the day — Time's noblest offering is the last.'