REPLY BY GILES B. AVERY 1. Relative to the question: ' Can Shakers inaugurate the millennial dispensation as a universal phase of human evolution and experience ? ' Our interrogator appears to anticipate that only one class of laborers, one kind of labor, and that of earthly type, is necessary to introduce the millennium demonstrably as though the jeweler should combine the task of miner, assayer, goldsmith and diamondsetter, or, as though the gospel minister should be taxed with the duties of civilization, including the clearing of land, agriculture, common school education, jurisprudence, political economy, sociology, and all the evolutions and minutiae of science; the handicrafts of art, the developments of the mental capacity, through literature, and the investigations of philosophy ! The biblical patriarch Jacob, in his dream of human evolution, saw a ladder reaching from earth to Heaven, representing steps of progress for human development ; there must necessarily be laborers adapted and devoted to each step. Before the human family can be. adapted to the millennial phase of life, it must first be elevated to the true order of the earthly life, the Adamic, at least they must accept, philosophically, and, until called, by perception and conviction, to a higher life, practically, the righteousness of the Noachian epoch. There are workers in the field of nature, striving to bring the human family into this righteousness, preparatory to a higher state of progress and development into the spiritual sphere —the millennial dispensation— the introduction of the Kingdom of Heaven upon earth. To those who feel a call of God, and are prepared to enter upon the'labors of a millennial, spiritual, heavenly life, the doors are open, and all such are prepared for and invited to come into the the courts of the inner temple — the millennium ; none others can recognize its advent, therefore it never can be instantaneously universal. The Kingdom of Christ, pre-eminently, is not an earthly, bnt a heavenly inheritance: 'My kingdom is not of this world,' said Jesus Christ. It has its existence in souls who are willing to rise out of and dwell above the mere animal, passional, generative plane of life; these, few or many, constitute the Christ revealed to earth's inhabitants in the present time; these inaugurate the millennium; and, though mankind look long and anxiously, they will never see any other, 2. Of Communism, as of individualism, there are two orders —earthly and heavenly. The first is obtained by a joining of individual, self interest, for a mutual gain to self, of all parties composing the community, but subject to division at the pleasure of the individual, each withdrawing his individual portion of the gain, at any desirable opportunity, The consecration of selfish gain to the individual, as to the communeyro tern., on some plan of organization, is the only successful scheme upon which a mere earthly — worldly communism can succeed. On the contrary, a consecration of life's labors, interests, entire treasures and gains, indivisible and inviolate, to the service of God, and to the promulgation of the Gospel of Christ, and the dispensation of its charities, constitutes a communism of the heavenly order, which is but the outward manifestation of the internal relation ; and this alone is the communism of the millennium. A growth or development of humanity toward its attainment will ever be gradual like the rising of the sun ; it never can be instantaneous and evanescent, like the lightning flash, or the bursting of a meteor; all scriptural misinterpretations to the contrary notwithstanding. 3. 'What Cheer toward the Millennium ? ' Why the fact, that in each and every human being there is an angelic nature, which, in its evolution, yearns for this phase of development. If the forerunner be so difficult to attain what would the reality be ? Add to this the universal unrest and transitions of professors of religion of all denominations, multitudes going from one de- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 149 nomination to another, and from that to spiritualism ; from that to infidelity, and from this again to spiritualism. 4. To the reforms of the generative order mankind are to look for the salvation of mankind from those debasing and dissoluting habits and diseases that threaten the destruction of the human race from the face of the earth, and to the subsequent reproductions of this reformed humanity for a conservation of the race from oblivion. Generation peoples the earth plane ; but it is a death to the generative, worldly life — regeneration — that people the heavens ! ' He that saveth his life '—(the generative, selfish worldly life-) 'shall lose it — (the heavenly life), ' but he that loseth his life— (the worldly generative, fleshly life) ' for my sake and the Gospel's, shall find it' !— (the new regenerated life) ' unto life eternal '— Christ ! 5. The Shaker church is by no means the ' forerunner of the true Order, rather than the order itself.' The 'forerunner' to which our querist refers, is the reform of generation and worldly society. If the forerunner be so difficult to attain, what would the reality be ? The Shaker organization is the order of the millennium itself, ' like a grain of mustard seed,' which is to grow unto a tree so that ' in its branches shall rest fowl of every wing.' It is the ' harvest of the world.' 6. Concerning ' the holiness of the generative act,' as our querist expresses it: That alone is holy which is wholly and entirely devoted and consecrated to a Godly use, for that is the meaning of holiness. Were it possible for generation to be divested of all selfishness and lust — performed agreeably to the laws of God in nature, it would be in its sphere and place, but would not, and could not elevate man above the perfected, earthly, animal plane. The angel in man—his soul's evolution and development must still be pending. The ' training of the wild horse of amativeness ' is a goodly and important work of reform for the earthly Adamic man, and those engaged therein, sincerely and honestly, may be inspired by spirits in the generative life ; but as the physical body is inferior to the soul, even as the casket is inferior to the jewel it contains ; as the sowing, though proper in its time and place, is less glorious than the harvest, so the earthly millennium, or the state of reformed, earthly, animal nature and life, must always be a lower plane condition than the inheritance in that ' kingdom which is not of this world.' 7. The spiritual ' emasculations '' which fit souls for the Kingdom of God are never ' compulsory,' nor do they unsex the subject, except in relation to those elements that are earthly, sensual and devilish ! ' In Christ there is neither male nor female ' generatively; but regeneratively there is both male and female in all the tenderness, loveableness and affection of the angels of God, and they will be the progenitors of a spiritual off-spring to fill the Heavens for multitude. ' Neither let the eunuch say, behold, lama dry tree.' 'For more are the children of the desolate than the married wife, saith the Lord.'—Isa. lvi, 3, and liv, 1. Shakers, N. Y.