TEACHINGS OF THE TALMUD. This supremacy of reason even in matters of faith is well set forth in one of the most remarkable legends contained in the Talmud. It is to be found in Baba Metziah (59): ' An important question of doctrine as to pure and impure things was being discussed in the presence of Ilabbi Bliezer the Great. All his arguments urged in favor of the views he entertained had been answered ; he could find no reply. He was silenced but not convinced. Suddenly his eye caught a plant that was growing in a corner. ' That I am in the right,' he indignantly exclaimed, ' and that my views are in accordance with our law, let yonder plant be witness.' Scarce had he spoken the words, when the plant, tearing its roots from the earth, moved across to the opposite side ! ' What means this marvel ? ' cried the Rabbins together. ' What has this prodigy to do with the question we are now debating?' 'Well, then,' resumed Eliezer, ' let the brook which is now running downward demonstrate the truth of my decision.' hnmediately the stream of water turned and commenced to flow upward toward its source! ' ' What,' cried the Rabbins, ' does this brook running upward or flowing downward prove as to the purity or otherwise of what we are now discussing 1' ' Then,' exclaimed Rabbi Eliezer, ' let the walls of this chain- 160 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. ber be my witness to testify for me.' Straightway the walls bent them and threatened to overwhelm the whole of the assembled doctors. Uprose Joshua, the son of Chananyah ; ' 0 ye walls,' he cried, ' what have ye to do with the interpretation of the holy law?' Awed by the voice of the great Rabbin, the walls recovered their former position. ' If all this be unavailing,' said Rabbi Eliezer, ' let the voice of God decide!' Immediately a bath kol — a heavenly voice — was heard saying,' Cease your contradictions ; Eliezer the son of Hyrcanus is right.' Uprose again the blacksmith Joshua, president of the Beth-Din, protesting against this mysterious voice. ' Reason,' he angrily exclaimed, ' is not concealed in the skies. It has been sent down on earth -—there conferred upon man. To man's intellect pertains the interpretation and knowledge of the law. To the majority of the sages alone belongs henceforth the authority to decide all questions of doctrine.' ' The lesson conveyed in this remarkable legend is that which underlies the entire Talmud.