' MORE AND MORE ' Still come pouring from the press of I. K. Funk &amp; Co., Nos. 10 and 12 Dey street, New York. Continued volumes of Knight's unequaled History of England, at only 30 cents a volume. Besides, these enterprising publishers are doing a most commendable work of reissuing, with new type, some of the most valuable books ever published in both the old and new world, and at fabulously low prices. We urge our readers to send, with our compliments and get a catalogue of the books and rates already issned, and judge if what we have heretofore said respecting the above firm is not true. '' SCIENCE IN STORY.' This is the title of a profusely illustrated volume, intended to teach youth and children correct physiological truths. The story connects a mischievous monkey with a household, where a doctor's page is taking some excellent lessons upon the human frame, causes and effects of health and disease, etc., and one is tempted to laugh and grow fat while unconsciously getting most desirable information upon health matters. Moreover, it is a safe book to put into the hands of young people, inspiring in them a desire to shun bad habits, the necessity of medicine, and to keep the liring temple healthful and clean. It is issued in five small books, or the same combined in one large volume. By The Murray Hill Pub. Co. , New York city. Parents would do well to get a sample book. The Golden Days is a weekly paper printed in Philadelphia, Pa., by the publisher of ' Saturday Night,' and is carefully prepared for boys' and girls' recreation and information. Unlike the majority of periodicals issued specially for young people, it is remarkably free from foolishness and food to excite the already too wide awake passions, and while interesting the young mind, is ingeniously weaving a web of useful facts, figures and information, to be 158 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. highly appreciated after many days.' The religious feelings are fostered in a proper department, while ' Uncle Will ' seems to have an unfathomable fund of knowledge in scientific facts to impart. The paper must be popular, and will do much good, displacing much trashy literature so frequently falling into youthful hands and heads. It is fully illustrated. John Everson, Publisher, Philadelphia, Pa.