THE THEOLOGIAN AND GENERAL-WHICH IS RIGHT? In looking over a morning daily, while riding from Omaha to Kearney, we came across a selection from the New York Observer, written by Dr. Prime, in which the question is asked: 'Must a man have the devil in him to make a good soldier? The Doctor, in speaking of the late General Hooker, says: ' In Angust last I spent a Sabbath among the White Mountains, at the Profile House, with General Hooker. He spoke to me of his mother, and of the religious instruc-tion she gave him, and he was not able to say that he had lived up to the lessons of his childhood. 'But the truth is,' he said, 'a man can-not be good and be a fighting man. He must have the devil in him. To kill one another, men must have their blood up, and then they are just like devils. Now, there's General -,' naming one of the generals of the last war, 'he is too good a man to command an army; when two armies come in collision he is afraid some one will get hurt; he can't bear to have blood shed; he's a good man, very good, everybody loves him, but he has not enough of the devil to be a good general.' I sought to take another view of the sub-ject, and argued that many splendid gener-als had been men of high moral and relig-ious character, who pursued the profession of arms as a duty to their country, regarding war as a necessary evil and the last resort of government. ' Very true,' he said, 'but when it comes to fighting, all the devil that is in a man nust come out.' How foolish it seems in men who profess to be expositors of the humble and peace-able doctrines of Jesus to try to make fight-ing men believe that they are actuated by a Christian spirit. No matteer how willing they may be to accept such doctrines their own good judgment tells them better. The Spirit of Christ cannot prompt the slaying of his brother, and when General Hooker says the fighting man must have the devil in him he manifests a better knowledge of theology than Dr. Prime, who through flat-tery tried to make him believe that Christ will do the devil's work. Xo wonder men are inclined to infidelity.- Primitive Chris-tian.