GRAND THOUGHTS FROM CONTEMPORARIES. That every good was diminished... That every good was diminished in proportion as the evils of the war were multiplied no one can deny. That the immorality and brutality of the present... That the immorality and brutality of the present times are largely — we will not say wholly — the results of the war, no observing man, it seems to us, can deny. WE REAP AS WE SOW. Plant blessings, and blessings will bloom ; Plant hate, and hate will grow ; You can sow to-day — to-morrow shall bring The blossom, that proves what sort of a thing Is the seed, the seed that you sow. Unselfish and noble acts... Unselfish and noble acts are the most radiant epochs in the biography of souls. When wrought in earliest youth, they lie in the memory of age like the coral islands green and sunny, amid the melancholy waste of ocean. — Dr. Thomas. Are you doing any thing to publish... Are you doing any thing to publish and scatter Gospel tracts ? A tract which costs a penny may save a soul. And tracts can be multiplied by millions if means are fur nished to pay their trifling cost. Some can write tracts, others can publish them economically, others can pay for them ; others still can distribute them judiciously, and so all can be helpers in the work, and sharers in the blessing. To be a Christian is not... To be a Christian is not to believe that Moses wrote the Pentateuch or John the Book of Revelation ; it is to be a follower of Jesus Christ. The purely literary opinion respecting the authorship of an ancient book has no moral character ; but the judgment that appreciates and reveres a noble life and the j udgment that either disregards or disdains a noble life has a moral character. There is no better test of manhood than this : the appreciation of the nobility of divine manhood in another.— The Christian Union. Christianity is discussed by a learned Turk... Christianity is discussed by a learned Turk in Blackwood for January in a manner that does not reflect favorably upon believers. The gentleman admits the superiority of the moral teachings of Jesus, but affirms that his professed followers have perverted and degraded those teachings to a degree unparalleled in other religions, so that the nations in semi-barbarous ignorance are corrupted by contact with modern Christendom which he calls anti-Christendom, since its real God is mammon: ' Among Roman Catholics the reign of mammon is tempered by a lust of spiritual and temporal povver. Among Greek Christians it is tempered by a lust of race aggrandizement. Among Protestants mammon is supreme.' But he allows that there are noble exceptions, and that some are struggling to practice the higher virtues of Christianity. Speak the truth in love Speak the Truth in Love.— Do not advocate a holy life in a scolding and unsanc tified tone. Don't press men to seek perfect peace as if you were driving reluctant animals before you. Don't talk in funeral tones about it, and urge as if the grave was yawning under your feet. It is the high birthright of every child of God to be like Him. You are not in the happiest condition to set it forth unless the ' candle of the Lord ' shines brightly upon your own heart and face. It is a Beulah land where heavenly gales fan the earth, and the fruits of Paradise invite the taste. Encourage the people of God to go up and possess it. Tell them they are well able to do so, although the Anakim may still remain in the land. It is a good thing to carry into the pulpit with you one of the clusters of grapes native to this ' enchanted ground.' There is nothing so impressive and subduing as a real, loving, glowing, melting heart-experience. Let this be seen, and the milk and honey and the fruit of that region will be greatly coveted.— Zion's Herald.