SANITARY THOUGHTS. ONE of the chief offices of a good nurse is to think for her patient. An invalid should never be teased with the exertion of making a decision. 'THE person who keeps the outside of the neck covered with heavy wraps, has the in-side covered very frequently with what is popuLarly known as a hard cold.' ThE Secretary of the Liverpool Vegeta-rian Society states that he has walked 500 miles in 15 days - an averago of 35 miles per day - on a diet of nothing but raw fruit and this without unusual fatigue or bodily strain. DR. Nichols suggests that the reason fruits do not digest well when eaten after flesh, is because the gastric juice secreted to act on the meat will not act well on the fruit. Perhaps on this account the better way is to eat fruit before meals rather than a dessert. A medical man discoursing upon sleep, makes this remark: 'One man may do with a little less sleep than another; but as a general rule, if you want a clerk, a lieutenant, a lawer, a physician, a legislator, a judge, a president, or a pastor, do not trust your interests to any man who does not take all the average eight good solid hours of sleep out of the twenty-four. Whatever may be his reason for it, if he does not give himself that, he will snap some time just when you want him to be strong.' THE world wants more sunshine in its disposition, in its business, in its charities, in its theology. For ten thousand of the aches and pains, and irritation of men and women, we recommend sunshine. It soothes better than morphine. It stimulates better than champagne. It is the best plaster for a wound. The good Samaritan poured out into the fallen traveler's gash more of this than of oil. Florence Nig-htingale used it on the Crimean battle-fields. Take it into all the alleys, on board all the ships, by all the sick beds. Not a phial full, not a cup full, but a soul full. ]t is good for spleen, for liver complaint, for neuralgia, for rheu-matism, for failing fortunes, for melancholy. - Faith and Works.