Editorial. THE GOOD TIME COME. Never before did' the good time coming' appear so near as now. It is even at our doors - it has entered the tabernacle of human hearts - and we see eye to eye as never before, that the life of Ghrist is the only genuine Ohristianity. Creeds, which have hindered the dawn of this religious liberty - to think and to know this great truth - are at a very great discount, almost on a par with the chaff of the most bigoted sectarianism. Accepting the life of the great Ohristian founder as the main and only important feature of the Ohristian religion, the worse than superstitious error of ' Jesus dying on Oal vary for the sins of the people,' will be dispelled. He died for us, truly, but He died unto a worldly, fleshly, sinful nature, long before His sufferings upon the triangular erection. He died in defense of principles which must be accepted and lived in order to be a Ohristian. He was crucified unto physical death, rather than prove unfaithful to His conscientious dictates - the will of His Father. In the death of Jesus, we learn the important lesson of dying in defense of the right, rather than to live contrary to the will of God. Herein was the only good determined by His cruel death. But in that beautiful life - that loving, peaceable, unretaliating, unselfish and virgin-pure life - herein was and is the essence and spirit of His mission - herein we have an elder brother, a noble, leading exampler of how we must live to he Ohristians, His disciples, His follow- ers, N ow is the good time all who espouse this truth, knowledge, ''Tis not the wide phylactery, Nor stubborn fast, nor stated prayers That make us saints; we judge It tree By what it bears. And when a man can live apart From works, on theologic trust, I know the blood about his heart Is dryas dust.' 'I'he religious institutions, the world over, demand fruits as evidences of our beliefs, and the correctness of our, creeds is determined by the quality, purity and unselfishness of our lives as illustrated in every day behavior. With this demand active, the world is growing better; in fact was never, nearly so good before. The good time has come, and reason and the religion of common, good sense, prevails over the unchristian creeds which ignored the brilliant efficacy of living Christ's life, while they clunr/l.th unfruitful hopes to a useless and cruel death. Life, the life of Christ, has conquered death,' and never in the future, can error spread its direful influences upon the religions feelings of the people, that they ever more will choose death rather than life. For this good time come, so actually and extensively, let us all be truly grateful.