INFIDEL SOPHISTRY REBUKED ' The fool hath said in Ids heart there is no God '—Psalm 53, 1. Friend : — It seems there were plenty of infidels in the days of the Psalmist, as he complains often and mournfully of being perplexed by the taunting question: 'Where is thy God ? ' I had thought I would not trouble you further, until I saw Underwood's argument, which he used in the Scranton debate. Yours and his being so far short of sound reason, and so misleading, I have concluded to briefly notice them. You think I have ' not made a point for Shaker celibacy.' I admit the impossibility of making a favorable point for any who are swallowed up in sexual animalism, as most of the world now are. They are like moles working away under ground, and know nothing of the bright sunshine above them. My first duty to you is not to make a point for celibacy, but to convince you of an immortal part and immortal life ; failing in this, I know, so far as you are concerned, all my efforts will be labor lost ; but I trust it may save others from being drawn into the maelstrom in which you seem to be engulfed. I think you honest, but lacking in education. This is strikingly manifest in your asserting that the thinking being within you is merely a portion of your body, though you afterward contradict this by saying your thinking being was not in a tub-mixture. You say that ' thought is the result of certain organic combinations of matter and molecular action.' If these molecules were not in the tub-mixture, whence came they? You are very correct in saying the power of thought was not in the tub-mixture of which your body is composed, because in its formation no other matter was added, but there was a thinking power added which was not in the tub of matter. If you had known that it was the uniform testimony of all the great philosophers and deep thinkers that ever lived, that thought was the attribute of spirit, but not of matter, your cool, self-assuring positivity would have yielded to a modest doubt respecting the truth of your position in saying dogmatically, that ' thought is merely a movement of the molecules of the brain.' Now, remember these atoms were in the tub-mixture—why did they not think then ? Did a mere change of position give them the power of thought ? Do these molecules move upward to have high thoughts, and downward to have low thoughts, and backward to think wrong, and forward to think right ? Further, do the molecules act of themselves, or is there some other power which causes them to think ? Were you a logician, I would call you back to a reconsideration of most of your postulates, which are as defective as the one under consideration. Does your intelligence and knowledge increase by the tumbling together of a thimbleful of molecules? Are the little corpuscles or atoms of matter which form the molecules independent in their actions when they take a notion to think ? When fpassion demands and your judgment objects, saying no, on which side are the molecules ? Are they both objecting and agreeing, saying, ' I will not consent consented ? ' Or is there not a judge within to approve or condemn, besides the passions or atoms? What is .it that causes compunction ? Is it the liver, stomach, lungs or heart, or is it a little phosphorous or electricity ? You surely can now see that your position is untenable. You confess this much by saying, ' It is true mind was not in the tub-mixture.' You acknowledge you have a mind. Whence came it? I pass over all your hads and ifs as containing nothing germane to the subject of mind, as you now cannot fail to see the dilemma in which you have placed yourself. You say, '.If there is an existence superior to man I am ready to believe. If you or any person will give me a single proof of it.' I gave you proof a posteriori, which is the most sure and correct mode of reasoning, but it seems you did not comprehend it. I will try to make it more clear before I get through You say, 'I am not too proud to be converted.' Will you compel me to think you are too dull ? You say, ' I feel accountable to myself.' Which part of you is it that feels accountable to some other part ? What part? Now look at it: Is it not the animal material part that is accountable to THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. 151 the mental or spiritual being within ? Or do tlie eyes feel accountable to the ears ? How must we understand you, if it is not the outer self that is accountable to the inner self. You cannot help seeing and knowing that matter cannot be accountable to matter;hence you have acknowledged your spiritual being in saying you are accountable to yourself. Again, you are mistaken in saying that animals think as we do. The difference is this : The former act without deliberation or reason, being governed by the laws of instinct. All they learn from man is from the external, while man deliberates, reasons and learns almost wholly from within, by the operation of the infinite mind on his intellect and higher consciousness; from this source comes his increased intelligence, while animals progress not. The magpie builds her nest now just as the first magpie did. Fixed laws govern all but men, who alone is a progressive creature. You say you want proof. Are these evidences insufficient ? But you believe particles of matter think, without a particle of proof. Of this, proof is impossible in any direction—a posteriori or a priori. Still you believe this easily, while you .' fight shy ' of all evidence going to prove mental, soul or spiritual existence. You should strive to be con sistent. Now please stand up while I again give you my proofs of a higher existence than man. Listen attentively, a priori reasoning is from cause to effect, while a posteriori reasoning is from effect to cause. In either case the judgments must be palpable and indisputable or the reasoning will be vain. Assertion is at no time reason. Yours is incumbered with too many of these. First, let me question you. Will you agree that no effect can equal the cause ? Yes. Is man, as we find him, body and mind, an effect ? Yes ; he did not cause his existence. Then if he did not cause liis existence, that cause was greater than man? Yes. Now, is there any thing in the arcanum of nature greater than man ? No. Well, then, it logically follows beyond cavil that there is an intelligent cause of his existence above and distinct from nature. I call that cause by the name God; you may call it by what name you please. Still unsatisfied, you ask me, did not man arise out of nature ? Answer—His body is of nature ; his mind of God. If it did arise the course of the rising was God. You can now be seated. Was not the Psalmist right in saying ' The fool sayeth in his heart there is no God 1' I now with you stop abruptly, as I wish to show up the sophistry of Brother Underwood's reasoning. He and Evans, his antagonist, both seem drifted out to sea without chart or compass. Persons who both affirm and deny the same thing of a proposition vitiate their whole line of argument. This is more particularly the case with Underwood than with his opponent. He starts well by the enunciation of a Spencerian truth—' All change is due to an absolute self-existent substance, the nature of which is inscrutable.' He could not mean matter, for matter is not inscrutable. He must have reference to Spencer's and Tyndall's unknowable force or power behind nature, which we call God. But he goes on and affirms that ' matter and force are not two separate entities, but are simply two aspects of the same thing.' This postulate violates the canon of logic which demands that ' every proposition which is not self-evident be analyzed and reduced to its simplest elements, and made clear before the synthetic process begins.' Both of these gentlemen frequently violate this, with other canons of logic in their arguments, which render them reliable. Now if matter and force are only different aspects of the same thing-—he must mean matter at rest and matter in motion—hence we have no use for the term 'force,' but herein is involved a contradiction; for he has told us that all change in matter was due to an inscrutable substance in nature which must be different from matter. His adding, ' No force without matter—no matter without force,'' is, according to his own definition, simply saying, no matter without matter. But he blunders along, as one false position requires another false position to sustain it. Not recognizing mind force, he goes on to affirm that ' intelligence is a form of force.' Thus runs his logic: First sumption — Force is an aspect of matter. 152 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Second sumption — Intelligence is a form of force. Ergo—Intelligence is a form of the aspect of matter. Such logic for a teacher ! But any thing to deny an intelligent power above nature. Now, Underwood, please stand up till I question you. First—-What kind of matter is force ? Answer—I said it was an aspect of matter. Well, then, it is an appearance of matter ; that is, matter and force are two appearances of the same thing! Well, then, if matter is rough or smooth, or black or white, it is different aspects of the same thing. Then intelligence is a form of the same thing. When an otherwise intelligent mind is driven to such a corner in defending the no-God idea one cannot help exclaiming that the Psalmist spoke a high truth when he said, '' The fool sayeth in his heart there is no God.' Now let us return to the ' inscrutable substance ' that causes all change in matter. I ask, Is that inscrutable substance intelligent? Yes. Is the matter which it changes intelligent ? ]STo. Well then that inscrutable substance is not matter. It follows then that nature or matter is subordinate to this changing power which you call cause, and we call God. So then confess that God exists, seeing your arguments establish the fact, contrary to what you intended. Now it is evident and not to be disputed that this infinite intelligent force operates on the mind and consciousness of man, increasing his knowledge and giving mind power, and this power which fills immensity we most properly call God. This conclusion, it seems to me, is irresistible. Again you say, ' Mind is disappearing.' How ? It is reappearing much faster than it is disappearing. Please tell me what mind is, as you acknowledge a distinction between it and matter '? Is it conditioned or unconditioned, an extended or unextended substance? Answer—Well, I hardly know; to be honest, I cannot tell. Can pou? Certainly. It is the spirit entity that inhabits your clay house. Yon ask: Can this be demonstrated ? Certainly. Matter we have agreed cannot think Mind thinks within you, therefore it is a distinct entity from matter. This entity we call spirit. To concede, as we do, that mind is greater than matter, and then say it was the product of nature, would be making the effect greater than the cause, which is impossible ; and as this cannot be, it follows that a greater cause than either nature or man gave mind to him ; as said, this cause we call God. There is no escaping this conclusion. Again, Underwood says, after portraying the evils that are in the world : Infinite power could remove evil. Infinite goodness would do it, but evil exists; then there is a lack of either goodness or power, therefore an infinite God can not exist.' Thus he supposes he has proved the nonexistence of God to a demonstration. But the sophistry is easily exposed. It is simply saying that if God does not remove or retain what I think should be removed or retained, then there is no God. Ignorant presumption ! As though his finite sense of right and wrong, good and evil, should be the rule for the infinite mind of the universe ! All evil originates with man, who, in order to progression, is created with free agency. If he could not deviate from the breath of goodness he could no more progress than a block of wood or stone. If all mankind would so govern themselves as to be moved only by the attribute of goodness there would be no suffering in any quarter of the globe. Why did he not say at once, if God is good and all powerfnl, why did He not make me a perfect and good man ? Why did He not make me God, equal in goodness with Himself ? And why does He allow me to stump my toe, or cheat my neighbor, or go astray in any thing ? If He does not do all this, but leaves me to take care of myself, then ' an infinite God cannot exist.' Is it not the fool that sayeth in his heart '' there is no God ? ' The Fetish who bows down before the orb of day in worshipful veneration, with his mind extended beyond to the Author and Cause of the luminary, acts with much more sense and wisdom than the learned infidel who denies the existence of such cause. Let it be noted that I am not contending for an anthropomorphic Deity, not for one who would require a hole like the Mammoth Cave for an entrance, nor for the pantheist's personal infinite — a personal infinite is a contradiction—a personal infin- ity is impossible. The pantheist is as sense. ess as the atheist, and much more so than he theist who gives a human form to the Deity. He mistakes the shadow for the sustance. And while he can easily perceive that his finite mind is distinct from the mat, 'tel' of his body, he is inconsistent and foolish enough to affirm that the shadow is a component part of the infinite mind, when he denies the same of his own mind and body! It is no more the case with the infinite mind than his own shadow is a part of his body; but thus the pantheist lives all his life in a contradiction. Could he look upon all 'matter as a mere shadow, which it is, when compared with mind, his difficulties would all be removed. For when this fieeting [shadow passes from us, and the soul is free. it is not then a world of matter we shall live in, but a world of mind, for matter is no more obstruction to spirit movement than a shadow is to our bodily movement. Then we shall i have exchanged the shadow for the substance. Whoever claimsthat a part of the infinite mind is insensate matter is as insane as the man who would say his nose or great toe was a part of the finite intelligent Ego within him, or that the spittle from his mouth had been a part of his soul which he was now spitting out! If we know, as I contend we do, and as I have demonstrated, that we have a spirit entity or Ego within us, which is distinct from the matter of our body, we may then know that the universal over-soul or Ego of the universe, the infinite mind, is distinct from matter, and by law directs and governs it, as he, by our finite spirit, directs us. It is not rational nor sensible to declare that matter is a part of the infinite mind because we cannot see how infinity can be infinity without including the shadow with the substance. I repeat, matter cannot be a part of the infinite mind any more than our fingers and toes can be a part of the finite mind. The two are distinct, matter is ever changing, but the infinite mind is changeless, always existing from everlasting and always perfect. It is said by a late writer, that the Bible teaches a personal God. It also teaches an infinite God. The personal God is simply a person through and by whom the attributes of Deity are most conspicuously manifested to the world. This is 'God manifest in the flesh,' and it is, then, both safe and our duty to look to this light and obey it, because he will never see the infinite wholeness, neither in time nor eternity. The finite will never comprehend the infinite. Among all who ever walked on this planet, Christ was the person who manifested the greatest fulness of the attributes of Deity - was the first to call him Father. He was the manifestation of God to the world. '1'0 Him, then, we may safely look, and if the infinite mind has through and by Him established an order whereby we may likewise be brought into the same harmony and relation to God that He attained to, then we should look to that order, and blend with it. Any other course is senseless and suicidal. H. L. Eads