ENGLAND'S WICKED WARS. What John Biiight Thinks of the Conflicts in Afghanistan and Zululand. Extracts from John Bright's recent Speech in Birmingham. We now come to another question, and that is the question of the habit which the people of this country have had for a long time past, and especially just lately, of entering into savage and cruel wars. I believe all wars are savage and cruel ; but I mean harsh and cruel wars on uncivilized or half-civilized men. When 1 read of transactions of that kind something always puts to me this question : What is it that makes, if any thing makes, this needless and terrible slaughter different in its nature from those transactions which we call murder? We call one set of transactions war, which has a totally different sound to what we term murder, and we do not appear to inquire when thousands are guilty what it was that brought it on, and why it was that we should inflict that terrible slaughter, while we are all excited to the last degree if some individual, by the vindictive act of somebody else, is put to death, and that act is called murder. Take the wars with the Zulus and the Afghans. We know we have had excuses made for them, and excuses which were not justified by the facts — excuses that the Zulus attacked Natal, which is absolutely and notoriously and entirely false. We have had statements with regard to the Afghans very much of the same character, that they were going to throw their influence with another and a northern power, and that they insulted outrageously the envoy sent to negotiate with them — all of which I believe there is not a particle of foundation for. These are excuses offered by persons who commit crimes in order that they may say these acts were not crimes, but necessary acts of statesmanship. Well, at most, in regard to either of these powers, the case was one of suspicion, but suspicion which the most experienced persons said there was no ground for. But is it right upon mere suspicion, that a country like this •should send, in the one case 20,000 and in the other 40,000 troops to invade the territories and put to death not less than 20,000 men engaged in the defense of their own country, which, in our case, we consider honorable and needful ? * * * We may be quite sure that in some shape if we, the people of England, tolerate the bloody and sanguinary crimes which are committed in our country's name, if they are so committed, and we do not remonstrate and condemn, we shall have no acacquittal at the tribunal by which the actions, not of individuals only, but of nations and peoples, are finally judged. Now that is my view. Perhaps I have spoken too strongly, and perhaps with a warmth and an earnestness which some of you may think unnecessary. [Cries of 'No, no.'] I believe it is not possible to too strongly condemn a policy by which the' hard-earned treasure of our people is wasted, THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 163 by which the blood of our people and those we are to call our foes, is shed. To-day is the anniversary of the battle of Isandula. I do not know how many lives were sacrificed in it, but there were 1,500 lives lost on the British side, namely, officers, soldiers and native troops — and I know not how many of the Zulus were slaughtered in a war which has never been proved to be necessary. Sad day! Can any one show us the justification for the action we then took, of the compensation we have received for the enormous and incalculable loss of life in that one day's war? Well, in Afghanistan — a country as large as France, and as mountainous as Switzerland — our troops are engaged in slaughtering and hanging the natives of the villages, and women and children are turned out into the frost and the snow of this inclement season, and this is done at the command of a government professing to be wiser and more Christian and more humane than those with whom our troops are contending. I say let us abandon our pretensions ; let us claim no longer to be Christians; let us go back to the heathen times while we adhere to the heathen practices. Let us no longer, as I see some of the leading men of this country have within the past few weeks, at the opening of churches and the laying of the foundation of churches, join in a mere regard for the Christian religion. I say, take down at any rate the Ten Commandments inside your churches and say no longer you believe in or read the Sermon on the Mount. Abandon your Christian pretenses or else your savage and heathen practices.