RECIPES, For Making and Keeping Friends AMELIA J. CALVER What is the end and aim of life? What is the earliest thought of childhood, the chief aspiration of mature years, and the clinging hope of enfeebled age ? Is it not happiness ? and in all the world where do we look for such a treasure, in its truest deepest colors, other than in the claims of true friendship. Has it not been proved that real friends can be substituted for almost every blessing in life ? Has not the loss of health, wealth, and freedom, been cheerfully endured, by the presence of this inestimable boon ? Then with what eager watchfulness should we study, first to gather and then to 'hold in possession such priceless treasure. In almost every book and periodical, we find in particular detail, recipes for making nearly every thing, from a piece of toast, to the most intricate mixture in alchemy's list; and yet how surprisingly few, are the real valuable receipts, on the art of making and keeping friends. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 171 We often hear the remark that a friend without fault cannot be found; thus consoled we sit passively, claiming the excuse for ourselves, each one admitting that since we cannot be perfect in this world, if people wish to love us they must take us as we are ; and thus the rough spots are suffered to remain. There is so much of the present tense flattery, so much policy friendship in this world of selfishness and fashion, that to the, real sensitive mind it seems hardly safe to trust any ; while if the subject was given a thoughtful study, all would have in possession ingredients for making themselves the richest boon of earth life. It has always been deemed unsafe for intimate friends to make the study of one another openly ; for it is so natural to enshrine ' self,' in a sanctum sanctorum, and to look upon every one treading there as an intruder ; and of so trifling account are our disagreable ways (to ourselves) that it seems petty to discuss them. Yet these very little foxes are the greatest spoilers of the entwining' vine of friendship. How then are we to find these little foxes, if we do not wish even our dearest friends to tread in our vineyard; and as a reply comes in a most valuable command : ' study thyself.' It is certainly one of the greatest evidences of the efficacy and perfection of virtue, to be aware of its lack so quickly in others. 'It happens I know not how,' said Cicero, ' but whenever a thing is wrong, we see it much sooner in others than in ourselves.' The child reproved for a fault, which reproof it ardently resents, will turn in a few moments and chide another for the same fault, as though it was itself the embodiment of perfection. In making receipts for puddings and pies, we generally name the necessary ingredients ; here we reverse, as we find it far easier to tell what to avoid ; therefore, (1) Never attempt to catch a friend by flattery, the cord is entirely too slippery. (2) It is dangerous to endeavor to win favor, or climb into estimation on the wreck and ruin of character which you have destroyed by slander; for time will soon crumble you with the ruins on which you build. Those who sacrifice principle to party will sooner or later find themselves minus of both. (3) 'If you wish a true friend be one yourself.' (4) Be very careful to avoid in yourself what you dislike in others; remembering ' If each one would mend one, all would soon be mended.' (5) It is impossible in this world of differences, to prefer all alike, therefore if you have a circle of choice friends, it ought to be the means of ameliorating your conduct toward every one ; remembering that all are somebody's friends, who wish them well treated. (6) Be very careful in your conversation ; for an agreeable talker has a good 'foundation for making many friends. Watch a friend closely to see if your talk pleases ; ' if you should tire him once he will ever afterward be afraid to listen to you. (7) Avoid both extremes; that of prying into others business, or engrossing the wholeconversation, in talking of yourself ; remember ' If you your ears would save from jeers, Five tnings keep wisely hid ; Myself and 1, and mine and my, And what 1 said and did.' (8) Never interrupt a person while speaking ;¦ but let each one have an opportunity of finishing their sentence, before you break in upon them.. This is not only essential to friendship but good manners also. (9) Endeavor to tax your memory enough not to repeat the same story in the same company many times. (10) Always try to be interested in whatever pleases another ; this you will find to be the beautiful charm of agreeable people, while to treat with scorn or indifference the enthusiasm of a friend is a most bitter insult. (11) Never try to make your friend a reservoir for the disagreeable feelings you hold against others ; lest they, finding themselves forced into unpleasantness, choose to keep aloof. 172 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. True friendship can only be preserved by sweetness ; that which it takes a pickle to preserve is neither salutary nor pleasant. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.