SPIRITUAL COMMUNICATIONS. Their Character — Quality — What Governs Them. GILES B. AVERY Disappointments and astonishments often occur with those who consult spiritual media, or listen to their communications, because of a lack of knowledge relative to the manner in which media are impressed or inspired, and the sources of their information and inspiration. Media are sensitive spirits, whether in the mortal or immortal form, and those in mortal form are, oft times, as really inspired by those in the body as those in spirit realms. As there is a scent transmitted from the living animal to the soil on which it treads, which is sufficiently manifest to be recognized by the acute olfactory nerves in the dog, even so there is a magnetism,a spiritual aura transmitted by every intelligent being, to every thing with which they contact, and this, is sufficiently powerful that very sensitive intelligences, as many spiritual media are, can and do realize it, and thereby read not only the character and condition of the being transmitting the magnetism and aura, but oft times, their thoughts, desires, convictions and spiritual vitality or inertness ; their power for either good or evil. It is by this avenue of communication and this acute sense of perception that media derive and receive inspirations, and in accordance with the quality of which the character of their communications is manifest. It is thus that, spiritual media (who by the mass of mankind believing in them at all) are supposed to be always inspired by spirits in the spirit world, are yet often simply inspired by persons in this world, and those especially with whom they are in association, communication; whether by simple presence, by verbal or witten correspondence, or by sympathetic spiritual affinity of condition. It is thus, through the exercise and culture of this wonderful sensibility to magnetic and spirit aura (the culture of which is attained by giving minute attention to its tenderest manifestations), that media, like A. J. Davis, Mansfield, Denton, and hosts of others, read the questions propounded to them in sealed envelopes, without ever breaking their seals; read books thousands of miles distani, never seen by their mortal eyes, of which there are thousands of well authenticated instances, as demonstrable facts, notwithstanding the incredulity of unbelievers and the inexperienced. 170 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. And, often, the answers to those questions are simply the opinions, and according to the desires of the persons presenting the questions, as their spirit aura, or impress, is the strongest upon the medium. Again, the idea entertained by the myriads of China, Asia, India and Hindostan, that every person in this world is attended by a special guardian spirit finds a vast support in modern revelation. Pythagoras and Socrates both claimed to have a, heavenly guide, to whom they owed their safety. The Shakers have been conscious of this guardianship for very pany years. Hence, media for spiritual communications at times supposed themselves to be influenced by a particular spirit, who has been their control of influence, and with whom they are most familiar in a state of impressibility, when, occasionally, the fact is, such media are at times inspired and controlled simply by some one or more of the persons surrounding them in the body, or the one who wrote the sealed communication they hold in their hands, presented for rejoinder. The sense of touch in the fingers of the human frame in very sensitive media is so very delicate that it receives the magnetism or spirit aura transmitted by the writer to the paper on which a communication is written, or by the grasp of the hand of the person present, and communicates it to the brain of the medium, thus revealing to him the thoughts and feelings of the communicant as really as the eye transmits ideas and spiritual impressions by the sense of sight, or the ear by the sense of hearing. There are, also, other senses possessed by human beings more subtle than the five, ordinarily ascribed to humanity; senses answering to the use of sight without physical eyes ; hearing without material ears, and feeling without animal nerves. These are the senses which, when highly developed, detect the subtle aura transmitted from living beings even to inanimate substances with which they come in contact, as really as animate creation, though not as abundantly. It is by the use of these senses that media can read the incidents in the life's history of persons whom they never knew ; tell of incidents in human history transpiring in distant countries and climes at the moment of their advent, and prophesy of the future by vivid perception of a chain of unavoida' ble causes and consequences, though beyond the recognition of ordinary sensibilities. These characteristic qualifications constitute the real ipseity of humanity ; they are soul faculties, deeper than sense, and are the auditors of voices from beyond this world. They constitute the ever living man, the conscious possessor, user and conservator of most real sensibilities unknown to the gross materialists ; they open a highway to worlds where truth is the path of progress to wisdom, unclogged by material obstacles, and where the good and true of humanity have an eternal home of glory, and drink from ceaselessly flowing fountains of inspiration, the union and intelligence of kindred spirits in spheres above earth. Shakers, N. Y.