Boy Jesus The infant Jesus has been a favorite subject in Christian art and Christian thought. But the boy Jesus-the Jesus of eight or ten years' old - seldom comes into view. Nor is it strange that it has been difficult to gain a satisfactory conception of Him. Religion in its ancient and its medieval type was remarkably ascetic. And even in evangelical circles in our own day, true piety is deemed - if not gloomy - yet not easily coalescing with the fresher emotions of every-day life. It is stilJ too often conceived of as something unearthly, something apart from ordinary human feelings. But the characteristics of a genuine boy are animation, glee, an exuberance of animal spirit. We find it not entirely easy, therefore, to combine the idea of deepest piety with what we know of boy nature. And so it is difficult to form a clear conception of the boy Jesus. But let us make the attempt. We may and probably should think of Him as a strong, healthy boy. 'I'he Jews were a noteworthy people physica.lly as well as intellectually. 'I'heir soldiers were tough soldiers, and the toils which Jesus afterward went through would indicate that He had a strong physical constitution. Nowif He had such a constitution He must have had a boy's muscular restlessness and activity. We must think of Him therefore as ever active ; as running when He might just as well walk; as leaping and jumping and taking a thousand unnecessary steps simply to relieve His muscles which are aching to be exercised, which are demanding in every fibre that they be trained for what in aft1i' years they must do and endure. And so we must think of Him as a joyful boy, as one to whom existence is a pleasure in itself, as the lamb frisking on the hillside on a bright spring morning finds a joy in merely living. We must think of Him as so thoroughly charged with animal spirits that merely to feel His own life makes Him laugh and shout, with irrepressible glee. And if we would' gain an idea of His personal appearance we' can gather it from the characteristics of any: group of good looking little Jewish boys we: pass on the street, thinking of Him as a well: built lad: handsome, at least with the pleasant look which always comes from a good heart; with olive complexion, dark curling hair, dark eyes, and, to make this picture complete, we must add a slightly prominent nose. And iutol lectual ly we must think of Him as a boy. It would destroy the picture of His i nfuncy to imagine Him talking philosophy in His cradle, to imagine Him as merely pretending to be an infant. And so to think of Him as a real boy we must think of Him as possessing merely a boy's intellect. The', fact that He 'increased in wisdom' shows that in His human nature He did not have: all wisdom at the first. The story of His, talking with the doctors in the temple pre. sents Him as an unusually intelligent and thoughtful lad, but does not necessarily imply any thing miraculous. Many a boy of twelve years of age has some very deep thoughts to pass through his mind. Doubt-. less He often found it hard work to learn', His lessons-a fact which may bring Him; nearer to many a boy who has trouble with his tasks. Jesus' mind, like His body, had; to grow. It is not hard to picture to ourselves Il. Jew boy of Nazareth. But can that boy bei' our Jesus? Can we add to this portrait the, idea of Heavenly purity - of absolute sin-. lessneas, of perfect love to God? Why not'i May not a boy be a true boy and yet be sin-; less? May he not laugh and shout and; romp and play, and yet love his parents, and love his playmates - never inj uring:; their feelings in any way, but doing every; duty to them? Certainly he can, and why: mav he not also love God and do his whole duty to God? What sin - what shortcoms ing - what evil of thought, word or act i~ necessary to the full idea of a genuine boy 1: None whatever. 'l'herefore the boy 0 Nazareth may have been a true boy - ' thorough boy - and yet the sinless One. The idea of the boy Jesus is one to be THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 191 studied by boys. If Jesus was once a true boy, why may not any boy be a follower of Jesus? A boy needs religion as much as a man. The play-ground has its temptations — it lias its trials and sorrows — it has its duties —the same as the scenes of later life — and the boy, just the same as the man, needs the help of Jesus to meet these trials and duties. The idea of the boy Jesus should be studied by parents, pastors and teachers of boys. Nay, does not every man need to study this idea, as in some respect the most perfect combination of the divine and the human—the intertwining of deepest piety with the most active scenes of every-day life 1