EDITORIAL NOTES THE PRESENT NUMBER Contains much that is very valuable for the students of religious literature. Without specifying any one article, we ask close inspection of all, and all will be found profitable unto increasing virtue and truth. The article by Elder G-. B. Avery will be critically canvassed by many thinkers. Our music this month is very harmonious and agreeable. There is no denomination but can use it with pleasure and profit. We are sorry to record some departures from our midst of those whose years could not reasonably demand a passport to spirit spheres, and that to ' B. Good' we yet must die. LET ENGLAND WINCE The seating of Bradlaugh, the English liberal, is a gain for freedom of conscience on the other side of the waters. The fussy Tories, bound up with church al predelictions must feel ashamed, when Bradlaugh refuses to take their unchristian oaths; but holding the Bible aloft in Parliament, he refers them to the injunction: ' Swear not at all! ' Those English bigots who sought to deprive him of his justly earned seat, because he would not swear, must feel terribly, and yet properly mortified by this rebuke from a so-called infidel. Those Letters We hope the Correspondence department will not be neglected. Our precious sister, Prudence Carnaiian gives a good lesson of grand experience ; our friend Aiken leans very kindly toward the right; while we are very much pleased with our Arkansas correspondent, W. A. J. Beauchamp, who speaks so lively in behalf of right principles, and against the engagement of self-indulgence. This corres- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 185 pondent hails from a newly established community; and the sentiments expressed give hope that the western part of our country will be stirred by saviours. AID THE ACCOMPLISHMENT For a few months, at least, politics will force themselves prominently upon willing and unwilling ears and attention. We only care to have the best man elected, and believe the country will not go to perdition if either candidate should be chosen to the presidency. But we are glad of one feature in the canvass—that of selecting two high-minded men as candidates—ones who have tried to do duty as they understood duty to be, and thereby have been the means of shutting off any probability of those slanderous indulgences which have so frequently been participated in by the contending parties. We hope editors will readily seize upon the occasion to keep their issues free from such personal abuse, as to make their periodicals the vehicles of respectability, and not corrupt the sensitive minds of young and old in the families where they enter, with unnecessary and unwholesome vulgarity.