THE CONDITION OF EUROPE DANIEL FRAZER During the Feudal era, Europe was covered with petty principalities ; their chieftains assumed almost absolute power. When that system broke up, the chieftains confederated —forming the present governments of Europe ; they had no idea of admitting the people to participate in forming laws, etc. Hence the governments of Europe to-day are but conglomerates of nobles, representing but themselves. The representation of the whole people is being driven very slowly into their compacts. Nevertheless, as long as these nobles (so called) are great land-holders, they will continue to hold the resources and forces of their respective governments. The Queen of England represents but the interests of great land-holders. Hence the state of Europe can be best shown by illustrating an integral part of any of these governments For this purpose the Duke of Argyle is selected. He is accepted as a very respectable man and as the descendant of the chiefs of a clan — tribe of Scotch Highlanders — called 'the Campbells.' He lives at Inverara, about fifty miles from the city of Glasgow. His son, as Viceroy, represents,on this continent, these confederated land-holders. Like our Indian tribes, ' the Campbells ' were warriors and made raids on their neighbors and took their lands. Hence the Duke is a great land-holder. As the Feudal system disappeared, he secured to himself the possession of the tribal lands. And so secure is he, that should a descendant of the people of his tribe go and take possession of a needful portion of the land of his fathers, and build a cottage in one of the cozy dells of Inverara, pasture a few sheep, and do a little fishing, the Duke would drive him off. And if not strong enough,he has only to tell the Queen and her Christian majesty would promptly send him all the fixed bayonets he may want. The Duke has got matters nicely arranged, lie goes to London to support her Majesty's government—to support himself in holding all the tribal lands. And when in office, yets paid for doing Jiis own work; and the landless children of all the tribes are taxed to pay the Duke's salary ; and, also, the soldiers who keep him in possession of said lands, fishing grounds, minerals and social position. These confederate governments are true to their integral forces ; the Duke acquired property by predatory incursions ; the Queen by the same means has acquired an empire in India, and she is now fighting for more land there. During a serious up-rising in that empire, even the Duke's battle cry was heard, 'The Campbells are coming! 0! ho ! 0 ! ho !' and a sad ' 0 ! ho ! ' it was to the people of India. As the Feudal form of the social gave way, the people continued their pastoral and fishing industries ; as the chiefs had been supported, the people continued to do so. By and by these great land-holders found that sheep were more desirable than the presence of men having as much right to the land as themselves had. Thereupon wholesale evictions took place; extensive tracts of land have been thus depopulated, and the dwellings of the people leveled to the ground. The poor, warm-hearted high landers as they left their homes and were losing sight forever of the mountain tops of the land of their nativity would raise a mournful dirge, ' Loughaber no more,' as did the Israelites of old when despoiled of their lands and driven into captivity. To support these European governments in their oppressions, to make incursive wars and to protect themselves against the assaults of the landless multitudes, huge armies are employed. This has been carried to such a length, that now the whole fabric of European social life rests on bayonet points — on a bed of moral nitro-glycerine. To prevent explosions, these governments, during 1879, spent for military purposes nearly eight hundred millions of dollars ! Their standing armies, including reserves, THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 173 number more than eight millions of men. And if France increases her forces Germany does so too. The debts of Europe, mainly war debts, aggregate more than twenty billions ! The shoulders of the laboring populations have to bear this ; also, the costs of criminal institutions, public works and buildings; pensions, annuities and also the enormous sums paid as interest for private and municipal indebtedness. Again, there are more than fifteen millions of non-producers in Europe to-day in addition to the said eight millions. In private families if one or more do not provide for themselves, they must be supported; in a kingdom the case is the same. And if there are families who live in style they are burdens, more so than paupers are. The difference between a tramp and a genteel idler is, the former does not know where he may sleep and gets a morsel when he can ; the other lives in a mansion and has his food brought to him in abundance. If onehalf of the people contrive to live on government securities, on rents, on profits and on the interest of money, the other half will be ground to the dust, as are the farm laborers of Europe. War and other debts may run along for generations, and be paid over and over. Should the burden-bearers in their agony try to throw off their oppressors, their taskmasters, in the name of law and order, crush them down with the bullet; and when they ask for an equitable share of the food, etc., they have produced, they are met with the bayonet. Land monopoly and financial iniquities are at the botton of the social troubles of Europe. The existence of privileged classes, their patronage, influence and demoralizingextravagance rests there; pauperism and crime have their issues there. Physical, mental and moral degradation, unrest, and the anguish of the millions are due to these causes. During the past one hundred years, twenty millions of persons have met with untimely deaths under Brittish rule; not on the battle-field, but by famine, destitution,, and over-work; mainly by the hands of dukes and their fellows. In view of such moral obliquity — such stupendous frauds — such awful deeds of wrong, we may well stand aghast, and inquire, do these European confederates belong to the genus-homo- ? Are we capable of doing what they and their fathers have done ? Perpetrate, continue and enforce such wrongs, by enormous armies and powerful fleets ? The answer is, the members of the human family are essentially alike. Do not all those who are under the power of their lower self-hoods want to be dukes, to have social position above their fellows, and property to correspond ? Is it not very agreeable to live on the interest of money and have the principal increase ? Is it not very easy for us to use power in favor of ourselves ? We may flatter ourselves that in this country we are not burdened with a titled class of men, controlling legislation in their own favor, and securing execution of the laws in the same direction ; and filling all the important offices. Halt ! the nobles of England confine themselves mainly to their estates and governmental affairs. The industries of the country and finances are in the hands of other parties, and serve as checks. Are not all our legislatures controlled by parties, who are at once landmonopolists, financiers ; and in whose hands are all the leading industries ? A combination terrible in power, and utterly at variance with the logic—-the existence of the Republic. The laws these parties frame are of course in favor of themselves, and unfavorable to the bone and sinew — the stay of the Republic. Even the National Legislature is composed of just such men ¦— eighty to ten ! Is not a confederacy of hydra-headed corporations more to be dreaded than a nest of noblest The former has many votes, a duke has but one. Have not these corporations already voted to themselves two hundred millions acres of land ? And did not their committee on lands, but a few weeks ago (April, 1880), recommend voting to themselves a tract of land eighty miles long and sixty wide, between the Rio Grande and Colorado rivers ? Is not the statement of H. B. Wrright, M. C.; of Pennsylvania, 174 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. almost incredible—'that two hundred millions of the public money has gone into the hands of these corporations.' And that when he introduced into Congress a land and loan bill (the loan to be refunded), it was thrown out by a vote of 212 to 22. To poor families the public lands are inaccessible ; without help they must remain wagesslave — commodities. Did Southern slavery, ' the sum of all villainies,' do more than make men, women and children commodities ? Is not the monopoly of land, of the industries of the country and of making the laws, that sum? Are not the financial iniquities of bankers and speculators, inducing over-production and creating panics, throwing hundreds of thousands out of employment, an aggravation that the African slave never felt 1 Thinking men view us with alarm ; they see breakers ahead ! they see that the great and growing inequalities of social conditions are destructive of unity of interests, and are not compatible with republican or Christian sentiments ; and also destructive of all ideals of human elevation. Again, they see that educated men, even under our institutions, have not yet learned the first lessons of social life : 'That justice to all is the foundation of peace, and that beneficence is cheaper and more efficient than standing armies.' In conclusion : ' Land being the source of human sustenance, of social and judicial equality, and a regulator of the exchange, and values of commercial equivalents; therefore every person of age should have access to it at all times.' Those whose eyes have been opened, see that standing in the lower self-hoods they can but bring forth the order of the world as above shadowed forth. Such will also be able to see that the foundations of our Shaker order of life are the foundations of Heaven — not given to be changed nor modified to suit the worldly minded, but to be built upon. Some may build with wood, hay or stubble ; others with hygienic, moral and divine truths, crystallized into living forms. These foundations are barred to all uncleanness of flesh or spirit, but open to the pure in heart. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.