WHAT WAS HE? The controversies of the various religious sects are as unreasonable as they are unnecessary. What matter can any make of an assertion that Jesus Christ was a Baptist. Presbyterian, Roman Catholic or Quaker ? Or that did He live to-day He would advocate the Methodist, Reform or Episcopalian formalities of the Christian profession ? In the man Jesus we see grandeur personified. A Jew, who having ' kept the law from his youth up,' was ready for an increasing evolution of life that would greatly supersede Judaism. With a perfectly healthy body, none could wish for a superior earthly paternity than He could have illustrated. Stalwart, brave, generous and just, He was fit for the crown of any nationality. As a strategist, in peace or in war, He would have been unequaled by any other Jew. With the masses He was popular, beyond Caesar. He was a born leader of men. Judaism never presented to the earth a more perfect specimen of humanity. With superexcellent health of body and mind, He felt and knew His superiority and power over His fellows. Bubbling over with this superfluous health and human virtue, it would be impossible to imagine a better instrumentality for God to introduce the most needed radical reforms of reproduction— procreation upon the earth. Superior, physically, to any of His predecessors, His condition would seem God's most favorable opportunity. But with all His superfluous virtues as an earthly man, there beamed from Heaven upon this man the progressive and superior gospel of Christianity, and its beaming was accompanied by an irresistible conviction that duty to God demanded of Him a willing, living sacrifice, as an example for all who would be more perfect than Judaism could or can make them. With these convictions of duty resting heavily as a cross upon His earthly nature, the temptations of resistance came upon Him. Upon the height of His ambitions ' the devil tempted Him ' not to be a Christian. Duty to God conquered the exercise of His selfish ambitions, and there and then Jesus became the synonym of self-denial, to all engagements that would have made Him a representative of an earthly man. Denying to Himself all the ambitious proclivities of a Jew, He began a new lite, which is genuine Christianity. Whether this life represents the peculiar features of this or that sect we have no need to argue. There stood, and still stands, the representative Christian, crying: 'I am the way, Mine is the life and My testimony the truth ' of Christianity. If any would be My disciple let him or her deny self as I have, and 'follow Me.' To that religious% body who have chosen to pattern the most Christian life of Jesus, the Christ; who have denied themselves as He denied Himself, that is the true church, regardless of its sectarian title. Presuming Jesus to appear again, renewing the same call as of old for volunteers as disciples, accompanied by the same conditions, enunciated at His first appearance as credentials of discipleship, to what 184 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. sect could He come or go and find a people living as lived the converts at His first appearing ? Renouncing the dearest ties of earthly relationship to accept the relationships of His church life, husbands and wives became brethren and sisters in Christ — the first, Adamic following, of reproduction was forsaken, and the life of ' the celibate for the Kingdom of Heaven's sake' was substituted. Relinquishment of houses, lands, all personal property, followed, ' and none possessed aught he called his own.!' Where is the sect that is working on the line and in the life of Jesus? Desirous of being Christians, because genuine Christianity is best, that sect consitutes our church wherever it may be, or whatever its name may be. Let us not contend with wasting and useless controversies. The simple, virgin pure life of Jesus; the unselfish, golden rule practice of Jesus ; the unretaliating, peaceable career of Jesus ; the freedom from worldly ambition, and the unspotted ness of Jesus—following these constitute the evidences of who are his disciples to-day without a controversy, and these form His church to-day, of what sect He was and would be of to-day. Let our emulations to be most like Christ in our lives increase amazingly; and using Christ's life as an index of our own, we may ask, of what sect is Christ Jesus ? but we can more profitably ask, ' Is our sect following Christ ? '