WHO HOLDS THE KEYS? ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE Jesus, when he was about to leave his little flock that he bad gathered around him during his ministry, gave the keys of the kingdom to Peter. We do not suppose that Jesus meant to be understood that Peter was a Rock, or that as a man he designed to build his church upon him. But he perceived that Peter was blest with the gift of Revelation when he said, ' Thou art the Christ.' And Jesus, knowing that the time of his departure was at hand, was anxious to find one upon whose brow he could place the signet of Leadership, and baptize, as himself had been baptized ; one who would be able to lead, direct and protect t'.ie lambs of his fold after he had passed from their sight. He felt that Peter was the fittest representative of Christian principles, and the ablest expounder of the doctrines which he himself had taught that he could find for the time being. Peter also passed away in due time, and also a long line of his successors down through the ages. Did they retain or lose the keys, or who holds the keys of the kingdom now ? Innovation and transformation of turning and overturning seems to be the ruling spirit of the present age. We have commotion and strife in all departments, our standing armies in military array on the lands, and fleets upon the seas. Also an THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 177 army of politicians in secret conclave and in open combat, as numerous as were the locusts of Egypt. And in the highest offices and tribunals of the civil government, all is not sunshine and peace. True, without agitation of thought, there would be no progress; but when the time conies, if ever, that diversity of thought and opinion, by comparison and analysis, can be brought into orderly arrangement, so as to produce harmony and growth instead of discord and strife, we shall be apt to think that the millennial period has come to stay. In the ecclesiastic department—Christian churches under clerical rule—we find divisions and subdivisions upon minor points of doctrine, until churches are multiplied and have become so complex that it is difficult to numerate them. The reason for this diversity does not appear to be so much to excel in practical virtue, in goodness and truth, as to gain the mastery and become the most popular. It is apparent to every close observer of the signs of the times, and listener to the murmuring winds that come from the orthodox churches heavily freighted with doubts, and wails of dissatisfaction, that Luther and Calvin doctrines are destined to pass away; that orthodoxy and heterodoxy must meet face to face, each to plead their cause and bring forth their reasons for be lieving, or disbelieving thus, and so, and if this could be done in a right spirit, truth would be advanced thereby. Those who have been honestly linked to the creedal faiths of their forefathers and have conscientiously guarded them, would certainly lose nothing by liberal investigation. But bigoted controversy and theological strife, merely to uphold some pet dogma, and prepossessed opinion, always go to form dark clouds, that obscure the rays of light from the sun of divine revelation, that are so much needed to warm and enliven human hearts and promote spiritual growth, and convert from practical wrongdoing, and bring faith and good works into co-operation and harmonious relations. Modern Spiritualism has come to earth as an evangel of light ; and tens of thousands have been more or less developed as mediums, and millions have been converted to a belief in spirit communion with mortals in divers manners. They also are divided into many classes ; and the question arises : ' Who has been made essentially better in their life deeds by such belief ? The effusions of the brain without the co-operation of heart-felt emotions, well directed convictions, culminating in practical works, will avail little. Dissenters from orthodox churches, called Spiritualists, are as much at variance in religious opinions as are those who remain. The human mind is ever active, reasoning and making comparisons, and trying to solve knotty problems, and to arrive at just conclusions, but many times, while seeking to extricate the mind from the net work of erroneous ideas, and superstitions of the growth of centuries, they surround themselves with still greater difficulties and add mystery to mystery, until they are enshrouded in greater uncertainty and doubt than when they commenced. The cry, ' Lo here and lo there,' is now heard with great distinctness from many quarters, till the atmosphere is pregnant with the sound. What is to be the final outcome? Who will give the certain and who the uncertain sound ? The conclusion still remains ; ' Judge the tree by its product—the fruit it bears.' When the national civil rulers enact more just laws, bearing equally upon all citizens, irrespective of sex or color, deepening and broadening the basic foundation of American government, which professes and should be non-partisan, and will give a strong guarantee that all its subjects shall be fully protected in civil and religious liberty, leaving each and all free (while law-abiding) to worship God in accordance with their own convictions of right and duty, irresponsible of any earthly tribunal, then the new earth will be formed, abounding in fruitful fields. Wars will cease, and fraternal relations between nations be established to the ends of the earth. Thus purified, the national banner will be uplifted, and never more be left to trail in the dust of low selfish aims and political intrigues. Then the new heavens will 178 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. have a permanent foundation to rest upon, and divine revelation will illume the spiritual pathway and open the doors to the inner spheres of the resurrection heavens, and harmony will prevail. Leading minds will fraternize, and the ' Watchman in Zion will see eye to eye.' This unity will only be accomplished by a heavenly baptism that will purify the heart and quicken the g-erni of immortality planted by God in all human souls. When that good time comes we shall no longer ask, ' Who holds the keys?' that will unlock the doors of Christ's kingdom. We shall find the ' Seal broken, and the mystery finished.' There will be ' an open door that no man can shut; and that all may know the Lord for himself or herself, from the least to the greatest.' We shall always have need of spiritual, heavenly guides and teachers, more advanced than ourselves, to go before us ; but all may hold the keys of revelation within their own grasp. If truth be our motto, and we resolve to make it our nearest friend and companion, we shall find neither bondage, mystery, darkness nor death in it. All hail the coming day ! Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.