EULOGY UPON A SHAKER JAMES G. RUSSELL (Lines written upon the occasion of the decease of our worthy brother, Hiram Irish, who departed this life, Enfield, N. H., June 18th, 1880. Read at his funeral, June 20.) He passed the stream without a sigh or tear, As beautiful as sets the orb of day ; He's left the scenes of earthly turmoil here, And into spirit life has passed away. O ! faithful brother, happy is thy lot! Thou hast no cause to grieve thy exit here; Life's fearful battle thou hast nobly fought, And joys await thee in thy spirit sphere. Go reap the blessings of thy earthly life, A crown of glory brighter far than gold; A piece that knows no bitterness of strife, And heavenly gifts unceasingly unfold. A bright example for the rising age ! May we as children of the blest deceased; Come forth a bright and living heritage, Fit subjects for the heavenly marriage feast. Let us as youthful aiders in the cause Bear well in mind while now in early days, That those who bear the cross without a pause, Become assured, the gospel life well pays. And we who've passed the buoyant hours of youth, And feel the burdened cares of riper years; Remember that our Savior's words are truth, And will be verified, as slavish fears. And self-indulgences are done away, And we accept the gospel as it is; Withholding nothing that would mar or stay Our progress in the work. And this was his. Our brother's faith through life, and nobly too Has he accomplished this most glorious end; Whatever work his hands they found to do, Was faithfully performed; he knew no bend To any selfish feeling or desire; The blessed gospel was his all in all ; His soul is purified by furnace fire, ' And now with joy he hears the welcome call: [The following beautiful dirge was harmoniously sung as continuation and conclusion of the eulogy. ѣd.) Come home, thou faithful servant of the Lord, Thou hast well done, thy mansion waits for thee; Accept the promised, glorious reward, And blest forever thou shalt surely be.