OUR ELDER BROTHER Jesus Christ, as the Father's ' only begotten Son,' is heir of the whole estate. The Father delighted in him, and 'appointed him heir of all things.' This is according to the law of primogeniture. But the Son will not enjoy the estate alone. Unlike many earthly sons, he is willing, yea anxious, to share it with as many as will accept it. He is willing his Father should adopt other children; and, though they be adopted, he will acknowledge them as ' brethren.' The peace and the joy were his ; but he said, ' My joy 1 leave with you ; ' My peace I give unto you.' ' Father, I will that they also, whom thou hast given me, be with me where I am ; that they may behold my glory, which thou hast given me.' Behold the unselfish, disinterested love of Christ, our Elder Brother ! ' For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that though he was rich, yet for our sakes he became poor, that ye through his poverty might be rich.' ' The corn of wheat' might have ' abode alone,' but it died that it might 'bring forth much fruit.' The Son was rich in life, but he descended to the poverty of death, that we might live. Risen from the dead, and exalted at the right hand of the Father, he has sent the Spirit to testify of his benevolence. 'For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear ; but ye have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father. The Spirit itself' beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God ; and if children, then heirs ; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ.' ' If so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together.' Having shown the great exaltation of the ' church of the firstborn ' to joint-heir ship with him, the apostle names the necessary preparation. The suffering was first with the Lord ; so with the church. This is the divinely established path to perfection. But the sufferings are fora 'moment;' the glory is eternal; therefore, we may ' reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.' Selected.