VISION. No. I. WM. H. BUSSELL The primitive meaning of this word is sight. A secondary meaning is what the Scotch call second sight, or the ability of persons living upon the earth to see beings who live in the spirit world, as used by Jesus after the appearing of Moses and Elijah to Himself and His disciples—' tell the vision to no man.'' Like many other words, also, it has its various accommodated or figurative and symbolic meanings. There can be no question in the minds of those who have carefully studied the subject, that what is called second sight is simply a more than ordinary development of the natural vision, just as some persons haye an unusual development of the calculating faculty, or an extraordinary ability to excel in some one pursuit. Very young children have given sometimes unmistakable evidence of this power of sight. There are, however, very many, even persons of great mental acumen, not only such as deny the existence of human beings after the death of the body, but also of those who profess the utmost faith in man's immortality, who utterly reject the idea of beings upon the earth seeing those in the spirit life, except as a mark of Divine favor, as in the cases recorded in the Scriptures, or to confirm the truth of God's revelation to man. According to them, it is all hallucination, a dream, a fancy, unworthy the acceptance of a rational being. A remarkable instance of this is recorded by the celebrated Lord Chancellor Brougham, in his autobiography. He and a very intimate friend were members of the University of Edinburgh. In their walks together, they were accustomed to discuss many subjects of interest, among others, the immortality of the soul and a future state. To use his own words : ' This question and the possibility of the dead appearing to the living were subjects of much speculation, and we actually committed the folly of drawing an agreement, written with our own-blood, to the effect, that 176 THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. whichever of us died the first should appear to the other and thus solve any doubts we had entertained of the life after death. After we had finished our classes at the college, my friend Gr-----went to India, having got an appointment there in the civil service. He seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few years I had almost forgotten him.' In the year 1799 Brougham was traveling in Sweden, and on the 19th of December took a warm bath. He says : ' While lying in it and enjoying the comfort of the heat, I turned my head round, looking toward the chair on which I had deposited my clothes, as I was about to get up out of the bath. On the chair sat my friend Gr-----, looking calmly at me. How I got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses I found myself sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or whatever it was that had taken the likeness of G-----, had disappeared. The vision produced such a shock that I had no inclination to talk about it; but the impression it made upon me was too vivid to be easily forgotten, and so strongly was I affected by it that I have written down the whole history with the date, 19th December, and all the particulars as they are now fresh before me. Soon after my return to Edinburgh, there arrived a letter from India announcing G-----'s death and stating that he had died on the 19th of December. Singular coincidence !' And yet, singular as it was, Brougham says : 'No doubt I had fallen asleep, and that the appearance presented so distinctly to ray eyes was a dream I cannot for a moment doubt; yet for years I had had no communication with Q-----, nor had there been any thing to recall him to my recollection ; nothing had taken place during our Swedish travels .neither connected with Gr----- nor with India, nor with any thing relating to him nor any member of his family.' He further says: ' I believe every such seeming miracle is like every ghost story, capable of explanation.' No doubt! The explanation in his case is very similar to that of the appearance to the apostles when they were with Jesus on the Mount. Brougham says: 'On recovering my senses I found myself sprawling on the floor!' In the New Testament record it is said ; ' Peter and they that were with him were heavy with sleep, and when they were awake they saw His glory and the two men that stood with Him.' Very likely the shock, that affected Brougham opened his eyes to see his friend before fear prostrated him on the floor. Brougham had a great fondness for what is called natural science. Had he gone a few steps farther, on the borders of the Spiritual Realm, he might have found a ready explanation of the occurrence, without the supposition of an ordinary dream to account for the vision of his friend. Sonyea, N. Y..