LET THESE THINGS BE CORRECTED. Judge Choate recently ruled... Judge Choate recently ruled that a Chinaman cannot be naturalized under the laws of the United States. The application was made by a Chinaman known as Charles Miller, who has lived in New York for twentyeight years. He was guided by the decision of Judge Sawyer, of California, in the Ah Yup case, when thirteen hundred Chinamen petitioned that schools might be provided for them, as for Indians and negroes, and showed that in San Francisco alone they were paying $42,000 in school taxes. Judge Sawyer refused their petition, though it asked only that he would carry out a provision of the Constitution of the State. An interested party in the settlement... An interested party in the settlement of the Jay Cooke estate complains that two attorneys have been employed by the receiver, whose fees amount to $75,000, and that a committee of creditors who were expected to serve without pay have already received $34,480. It is a well-known fact that the commissioners in bankruptcy all over the country are growing rapidly rich out of the decay and dissipation of fortunes. Learn wisdom by sufferings Learn Wisdom by Sufferings.— ' The costume of the Persian women is the handsomest upon the face of the earth. It consists of a loose waist, short skirt, and trousers not too loose. I have made this costume beautifully and hung it up in Paris, but the women will not wear it. I can do nothing more. They must suffer until they are willing to adopt it.' This is the testimony of Worth, the celebrated Parisian modiste. Rev. E. E. Hale, in his Easter sermon... Rev. E. E. Hale, in his Easter sermon, said that the formulation of the belief that ' Christianity is a life,' which the world owes to Channing, has passed through the three stages which Agassiz once wittily said every important scientific discovery experi enced : ' First it is said not to be true ; next that ' we have always taught it;' and last that ' nobody ever doubted it.''