A PHILOSOPHER'S RELIGION A Letter, from Benjamin Franklin to George Whitefield. To this Editor of The Sun— Sir: I send you for publication the following letler of Dr. Franklin, addressed to the great and eloquent Methodist and revival preacher of the last century, George Whitefield, who addressed and electrified audiences of from 10,000 to 60,000 people. This letter seems to be applicable at the present time of revival preaching and praying. The kindness alluded to in the letter as done by Franklin to Whitefield, referred to the fact that Franklin had relieved Whitefield in a paralytic case by the application of electricity. The prayer of Dr. Franklin, which I send, I find is hardly known at all and I think a republication of it might be welcome to many: FRANKLIN'S letter. Philadelphia, June 6', 1753. Sir ; I received your kind letter of the second inst., and am glad to hear that you increase in strength. I hope you will continue mending till you recover your former health and firmness. Let me know whether you still use the cold bath, and what effect it has. As to the kindness you mention, I wish it could have been of greater service to you. But if it had, the only thanks I should desire is, that you would always be equally ready to serve any other person that 180 THE SHAKEfl MANIFESTO. may need your assistance, and so let good offices go round, for mankind are all of a family. For my own part, when T am employed in serving others, I do not look upon myself as conferring favors, but as paying debts. In my travels and since my settlement, I have received much kindness from men, to whom I shall never have any opportunity of making the least direct return, and numberless mercies from Qod,who is infinitely above being benefited by our services. Those kindnesses from men I can therefore only return on their fellow men, and I can only show my gratitude for those mercies from God, by a readiness to help his other child ren and my brethren. For I don't think that thanks and compliments, though repeated weekly, can discharge our real obligation to each other, and much less those to our Creator. You will see in this my notion of good works, that I am far from expecting to merit heaven by them. By heaven we understand a state of happiness infinite in degree and eternal in duration ; I can do nothing to merit such rewards. He that for giving a draught of water to a thirsty person should expect to be paid with a good plantation, would be modest in his demands, compared with those who think they deserve heaven for the little good they do on earth. Even the mixed imperfect pleasures we enjoy in this world are rather from God's goodness than our merit; how much more such happiness of heaven ! for my part, I have not the vanity to think I deserve it, the folly to expect it, nor the ambition to desire it, but content myself in submitting to the will and disposal of that God who made me, who has hitherto preserved and blessed me, and in whose fatherly goodness I may well confide, that he will nevermake me miserable, and that even the afflictions I may at any time suffer shall tend to my benefit. The faith you mention has certainly its use in the world. I do not desire to see it diminished, nor would I endeavor to lessen it in any man. But I wish, it were more productive of good works than I have generally seen it. I mean real good works, works of kindness, charity, mercy, and public spirit ; no holy-days keeping, sermon hunting or hearing, performing church ceremonies, making long prayers, tilled with flatteries and compliments, despised even by wise, men, and much less capable of pleasing the Deity. The worship of God is a duty. The hearing and reading of sermons may be useful ; but if men rest in hearing and praying, as too many do, it is as if a tree should value itself on being watered and putting forth leaves, though it never produces fruit. Your great Master thought much less of those outward appearances and professions than many of his modern disciples. He preferred the doers of the word to the mere hearers ; the son that seemingly refused to obey his father, and yet performed his commands, to him that professed his readiness but neglected the wrork ; the heretical but charitable Samaritan to the uncharitable though orthodox priest and sanctified Levite ; and those who gave food to the hungry, drink to the thirsty, raiment to the naked, entertainment to the stranger, and relief to the sick, though they never heard of his name, he declares shall in the last day be accepted, when those who cry Lord, Lord, who value themselves upon their faith, though great enough to perform miracles but have neglected good works, shall be rejected. He professed that he came not to call the righteous, but sinners, to repentance, which implied his modest opinion that there were some in his time who thought themselves so good that they did not hear even him for improvement; but now a days we have scarce a little parson who thinks it the duty of every man within his reach to set under his petty ministrations, and whoever omits them offends God! I wTish to such more humility, and to you health and happiness, being your friend and servant, B. Franklin. PRAYER OF DR. FRANKLIN. Merciful God! Wonderful Power! Increase in me that wisdom which discovers my truest interest; strengthen my resolution to perform what that wisdom dictates, and accept my kind offices to Thy other creatures, as the only return in my power for Thy infinite goodness to me !