SUCCESS IN LIFE Benjamin Franklin attributed his success as a public man, not to his talents or his powers of speaking — for these were but moderate—but to his known integrity of character. ' Hence it was that I was but a bad speaker, subject to much hesitation in my choice of words, hardly correct in language, yet I generally carried my point.' Character creates confidence in men in high station as well as in humble life. It is said of the first Emperor Alexander, of Russia, that his personal character was equivalent to a constitution. During the wars of the French, Montaigne was the only man among the French gentry who kept his castle gates unbarred, and it was said of him his personal character was worth, more to him than a regiment of horse. That character is power, is true in a much higher sense than that knowledge is power. Mind, without heart, intelligence without conduct, cleverness, goodness, were power in their way, but, they may be powers only for mischief/ We may be instructed or amused by them, but it is -difficult, sometimes, to admire them, as it would be to admire the dexterity of a pickpocket, or the horsemanship of a highwayman. Truthfulness, integrity, and goodness, qualities that hang not on any man's breath, form the essence of manly character, or, as one of the old writers has it, that inbred loyalty unto Virtue, that can serve her without a livery. When Stephen of Coloma fell into the hands of base assailants, and they asked him in derision, Where now is your fortress ? Here, was his bold reply, placing his hand upon his heart ! It is in misfortune that the character of the upright man shines forth with the greatest lustre, and when all else fails, he takes a stand upon his integrity and courage. Virtue is a power in itself for good ; on the other hand, knowledge is power for good, only as it is allied to virtue. Unsanctified kuowledge is often a tower of strength in society. A character, in its nearest perfection, combines the three — virtue, religion and knowledge. These form the safeguard of a nation, and are objects of the highest importance in the state ! Young men should early lay the foundations of a good character, lay them deep in integrity and truth, s,o deep that the storms of life shall not prevail to overthrow them. Thus shall they find favor in the eyes of their fellow men. The Dover Gazette