THE LAMP OF EXPERIENCE O. C. HAMPTON Among many other salutary helps to young persons, and indeed to any who have had but a short privilege among the Shakers the experience of those of long standing and sincere effort, might be made a solid means of encouragement. When I , was young, nothing was more interesting and encouraging to me than to find some one to converse with, who could detail a series of trials, temptations, and conflicts parallel with my own, but which the narrator had passed successfully through, and was able to speak of, from a standpoint of victory and triumph. Indeed, thought I, during such interviews, ' There's a home, sweet home for the weary pilgrim — The traveller when his journey is o'er; His rest is complete, eternal his joy, And his sorrows will come no more.' ' Then I'll mourn no more though sorrows roll, At the cross be never murm'ring; For a passport to that happy shore, I know that I am gaining.' All this I could read in the serene and peaceful countenances of those loving and sympathizing brethren and sisters—substantial veterans in the gospel — when they spoke together, and to me (as.they often did in those days), of their previous experiences. God forbid that I should be guilty of any egotism, for I long since discovered that the gospel necessarily and absolutely ' excludes all boasting.' Nevertheless I feel confident that none will be injured and some may be comforted] and encouraged by an offering of the best of my experiences practically illustrated, or at least one or two of them. When about fifteen years old my occupation was weaving, in a solitary shop with no company, day after day and week after week. Now perhaps nothing in the catalogue of afflictions and trials was severer in their effect upon me (and I have no doubt many if not all other young people) than the weary wear and tear of almost unbroken monotony and sameness with which life among the Shakers was at THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 175 that time surrounded. I used to sit and cry over my work with very ennui, and disgust of life. One day I asked my good old elder (who was about one of the best men I ever knew), if he kept me thus tediously confined in solitary loneliness just for the sake of the suffering there was in it? 'Oh, by no means,' said he, 'but just because we can do no better ;' or words to that effect. I noticed, however, that shortly afterward he told me to take the afternoon on Saturdays and go with the other boys into the woods after nuts and in other diversions. His explanation and his after charitable policy, to some considerable extent, bridged over this scene of trial, and in the course of time, change of circumstances, self-discipline, etc., brought about an endurable and at times a pleasant condition of life. But again : When about twenty-two years old, I was seized with an almost uncontrollable desire for change ; and for what then appeared to me as liberty, to do exactly as I pleased and go precisely when and where I pleased. I cannot say that I was free from this temptation a single day from four to six months. But one calm afternoon I was standing alone in a kind of reverie and praying to be guided by God's good presence and wisdom and love through this dreadful scene of self-sacrifice of my will and my whole self, to the behests of that divine cause He had called me to espouse, and in obedience to that order and organization through which such desirable triumph was alone to be reached, instantly God's presence and love were made so astonishingly manifest to me that I was altogether released from every sign or sensation of rebellion and restiveness, and fairly rejoiced with joy unspeakable and full of glory. Indeed I fairly wept with joy and was filled full of peace and remained so for quite a long time. Since that day (now more than 40 years) I do not recollect of ever having the least trial nor temptation to go into and over the world to enjoy its liberties, its shows nor its scenes. So if any one is under similar conditions of restlessness and monotonous agony, I am sure, if he or she perseveres in patience and can only afford to hold on in integrity, deliverance in God's good time, in complete and final triumph, will be abundantly bestowed.