Luck in farming Luck in Farming.— There are few words oftener upon the lips of a certain class of farmers than 'luck.' Smith is a ' lucky dog ' because his corn never rots, his wheat never winter-kills, his sheep never get into his rye, and his cows never invade his meadows or orchards. His crops are better than his neighbors', his butter brings more in the market, and even his wife and children have a more contented look than other people. Everything he touches thrives. What a lucky man Smith is ! Now, the fact is, luck has nothing to do with Smith's success in life. If you watch the man you will find that every result he reaches is anticipated and planned for, and comes from his own wit and work. It is the legitimate reward of his labors, and it would have been bad luck had it turned out otherwise. His corn always comes up because he always selects the seed himself, and hangs it up by the husks in the garret, where it is thoroughly dried. lie does not plant until the sun has warmed the soil enough to give the germ an immediate start. His wheat fields he drains with tile, and the water that used to freeze and thaw on the surface, and throw the roots of the wheat out and kill them, now passes down into the drains and runs off. His fields are green and beautiful in the spring, when his neighbor's are russet, brown and desolate. His fences are in good repair, and his animals are not made breachy by continual temptation of dilapidated walls. His wife and children are comfortably clothed and fed, and are not kept in a continual fret and worry by a husband and father who has no system or energy in his business. 'A time and place for everything ' is his motto, carefully carried out. The shoemaker is always called in when his services are needed, and none of his household get wet feet, catch cold, have lung fever, and run up the doctor's bill of THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 187 twenty dollars for want of a cent's worth of leather at the right time in the right place. Smith does not believe in luck. He knows that health in the family and thrift upon the farm depend upon a thousand little things that many of his neighbors are too lazy or careless to look after. So, while they are at the tavern, or loafing in the village, or running amuck in politics, he is looking after these things and laying his plans for next year. He has good corn in even the poorest year, because the soil has the extra manure it needs to bring out good, long, plump, well-capped ears. He meant to have eighty bushels to the acre, and he has it, good measure and running over. Talk about luck ; it's all nonsense. Bad luck is simply a man with his hands in his breeches' pockets and his pipe in his mouth, looking on and seeing how it will come out. Good luck is a man of pluck to meet difficulties, his sleeves rolled up, and working to make it come out right. Boston Cultivator