Correspondence A VETERAN'S TESTIMONY Dear Manifesto : I anxiously await your arrival eacli month, so that I may hear good tidings from my friends north, south, east and west. I love to hear their plain testimonies of truth, light, and peace of conscience, which they enjoy, after a long life of travel in the straight and narrow path of self-denial; and through the dark wilderness of temptation. What a cause of rejoicing to know they.have fought the good fight, and kept the faith, and lived a life devoted unto God. What a blessing, yea, what an assurance to know we can unite with the saints of the Most High, that we can bathe in the flowing streams of pure gospel love and union. This assurance has kept my soul alive and strengthened and encouraged me in times of trial, and temptation to wrong. Oh! What a cause of rejoicing it should be, that we are called out of a world of sin and sorrow; this is a source of joy to me to know how much I have escaped. I love the blessed manifestations of love to God, good will to man, and the charity you extend to poor down-trodden man. I am thankful I was called out of this world of vanity and fashion to follow the Lamb. Here I have lived a pure virgin life, free from condemnation or guilt, have tried to follow the great ' Exampler,' and to keep myself unspotted from the sins that so easily beset us. I was born in 1791 ; there was a religious revival in Logan county, Kentucky, under the ministration of John Rankin, which caused a great excitement. The cry was: 'The millennium is near at hand; Christ is to appear without sin, unto salvation!' The call was to prepare to meet God, in judgment; this was a solemn sound to souls that feared God ; this caused the people to bow low in humble prayer, saying, ' Lord come in whom thou wilt! ' Others said : ' He will come, and when He comes we will go forth in the dances of them that make merry.' Others said: ' There will be no husbands and wives, but brethren and sisters in the Lord ; that every dark and secret thing should be revealed,' Thus we waited and prayed for the fulfillment of the prophecy. In the year 1805, three messengers came from the east, filled with the power and spirit of Christ, testifying that Christ had come without sin unto salvation. These tidings were hailed with joy and with sorrow. Our idols were swept away, but our souls were filled with joy and comfort, in 1809, I confessed my sins, and began to take up a cross against all the temptations of the world. My father, being- opposed to the Shaker life, tried to induce me to remain with him, and threatened to disown and disinherit me, which he did ; but I left my home at South Union and fled to Pleasant Hill. I resolved to forego all the pleasures of the world and turn my face heavenward. I have never looked back to Sodom, but have kept my first love, have passed through the furnace ; but I feel amply repaid for all the self-denial 1 have practiced when my worldly nature strove for the ascendancy. I feel a sweet peace of conscience now; and as I near the dark river 1 have no fears to cross, knowing that I have received the hundred fold and will receive life eternal in the world to come. May we all meet and rejoice together. I will be eighty-nine years old in August, ' the Lord willing.' Prudence Carnahan Elder G. A. Lomas: Kind Friend... Titusville, June 28, 1880 Elder G. A. Lomas : Kind Friend :—On turning backward the leaves of memory, I find that my subscription for the Shaker has expired, and I hasten to renew ; feeling that I cannot be content to dispense with the monthly visits of that dear little pamphlet, containing as it does so much of the ' spirit of true religion ;' so much of ''peace on earth, good will to man ' and woman. This is the fourth year it has been a visitant in our family and each number seems to be an improvement on the last. A good example of the great '' law of eternal progress ' which I as a spiritualist believe in. Every year for the last five, since I read Charles Nordhoff's 182 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. book, I have had a desire to visit one of your societies and become better acquainted with your mode of life. After meeting Elder Frederick Evans at the Lake last September, andliearing him explain some of the points of Shaker belief, I have had a still greater wish to know more of your social life by actual acquaintance, which is the only reliable information those in the outside world can gain of you. I was in hopes then to have visited you soon, but circumstances do not seem to favor me yet. ' But we know not what a day may bring forth.' I wish to say here how much I was pleased to see how grandly and nobly you and your societies also, stood by D. M. Bennett all through his unjust imprisonment and persecution. I thank you all kindly for it in the name of humanity and liberality. Enclosed please find subscription in stamps. Most respectfully, Mrs. L. T. R. Aikin Elder G. A. Lomas: Kind Friend... Arkansas, Rich Mountain Unitary Home, Rich Mountain, June 29, 1880 Rich Mountain Unitary Home, Rich Mountain, Ark., June 29, 1880 Editor Manifesto, Shakers, N. Y.. : Through the kindness of unknown friends we are in receipt of the Manifesto, from whose treasured pages I am beginning to learn that the underlying principles of this faith have been treasured plants in the garden of my heart since early boyhood. For notwithstanding the mental bias my early religious training subjected me to, my parents being Baptists of the old school, I could never reconcile my views of true inspirational teachings to such seeming inconsistencies of their faith as that which when carefully investigated, made God Father and Son of Himself, as, also His slayer, to redeem man from that depraved condition into which his Creator purposely plunged him, that he might enjoy the honor of man's redemption. It seems quite clear to my mind from the accounts given by Jesus of Himself, that He is represented under two distinct characters, first, His individual character, as a natural man (the Son of Man), and second, His official character as a physically sound man, who being free from the contaminating and corrupting influence of disease was morally sound in His spiritual character; 2 Cor. vii and 1. And hence a properly qualified representative of the Christ. From a slavish fear of thi3 Jesus, prejudicial to the interests of the Rabinical creeds, the people put the man Jesus to death. Nevertheless, as the mantle of Elijah descended upon Elisha, even so the Christ, the Holy Ghost. The righteousness of the children of light, even the Son of God, rested upon the true believers of the doctrines taught by this Jesus, or all, who, like him, take up their cross, crucify self, and thus follow Him in the resurrection to newness of life. But we see that creedists desiring to make a scape-goat of-Him, to bear the sins and suffer the penalties which con science in judgment daily imposes, desire to deify Him, that in His death, the stern sentence of violated law in them might be revoked. They are willing to be borne away to the realms of perfect bliss in some remote local region or the air, provided all necessary sacrifices for sins can be made outside of self. This is that class of ' believers,' many of whom seek shelter from the bleak winds and pelting storms of the world's wintry seasons, in Shaker families, receiving abundant sustenance from Shaker tables, but with the return of spring, turn again to the fleshpots of Egypt.' Your principles are new to most people here, yet your papers are read with interest by those to whom we lend them. We hope to see you expand in this direction until you reach us. W. A. J. Beauchamp