SORROWFUL [It was with an extreme sorrow, with scarcely any avenue of relief, that we learned on the 27th of July that one of the noblest of God's humanity lay at the point of departure from earth. Every one sorrowed at this intelligence, for Elder Thomas Damon was not used up by age, nor infirmity of lingering disease, but seemed a sudden call, an unseasonable collapse. But the end of human endurance came, and a loved, upright and just man passed away, leaving an innumerable company of mourning friends. We say innumerable, for as our nameless correspondent truthfully closes a short obituary, 'he had not an enemy.'— Editok.] SKETCH OF THE LIFE AND DEATH OF ELDER THOMAS DAMON. Thomas Damon was born December 26 1819, in the town of Foster, R. I. When he was in his eighth year, his parents moved to the town of Enfield, Conn., and joined their interests with the people called Shakers, giving their children (whom they brought with them), their own life example of self-denial, and a daily cross. In a religious revival which began among believers in the fall of 1837, the subject of this sketch became deeply interested, and soon received through the washing of sincere repentance a most genuine baptism of fire and the holy spirit, which worked crucifixion to the nature of sin. For years he made the New Testament scriptures his chief study and pleasure, carrying a copy constantly in his pocket, when about his work. Every spare minute being devoted to its pages, and in all things he was accounted faithful and obedient, being still a minor. He was soon placed in charge of a company of children and to school-teaching, in which he acted a very creditable part, until he was chosen, raised and associated with Elder Grove Wright in the ministry of the order, with whom he traveled and labored faithfully and ardently for nearly fifteen years. In the autumn of 1860, Elder Grove, from age and disability retired from the ministry, when Elder Thomas succeeded to the lead- 198 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. ing- gift and calling of that order, since which he has toiled with his hands, his head and his whole heart for the good of souls, sparing to himself no time for leisure nor pleasure, day nor night, that he did not labor and bear and care for souls to such a degree that his physical health and strength were many times seriously affected. Nevertheless, by the gracious hand of providence he was supported, and continued active and laborious till (after a short illness) in the arms of death he closed his earthly work July 28, 1880, deeply mourned and lamented by all who knew him We think that it may be truly said that he had'nt an enemy in the world.