A SUNDAY WITH THE SHAKERS [The editor of The Granite State Free Press has been enjoying Shaker associations lately at Enfield, N. H. Listen to his admirations and criticisms. His queries in regard to the declination of Shakers to exercise the franchise of voting deserve elaborate replies, and will receive due attention in The Manifesto in the near future. — Editor] ' It is nineteen years since we took up our abode within six miles of the Enfield Shakers, and last Sunday was the first time that we ever attended church service there. It was not from want of a wish or a standing invitation to do so ; but somehow the favorable opportunity never before came. We arrived late. The scripture reading and the morning prayer were already past, and the brethren and sisters were marching about the church by threes, keeping time with the hands and feet to the hymns which they were singing, and which were such as any Christians would sing in their devotional meetings. Now comes a halt. The worshipers remain standing. A sister, evidently one of the most intelligent and devoted, in faultless language gives utterance to her religious emotions, which seemed to be much the same as those of Christians the world over. We should not have known that we were not in some social religious meeting of almost any Protestant denomination. The leading thought was the consciousness of inward joy in a life of crossbearing, and a wish to bring the life to be more and more like that of Jesus. Subsequently, after all were seated, Elder Cummings stepped to the front. He had a little slip of paper in his hands on which, as we suppose, a few leading thoughts were noted, though we did not see him consult it. He took no text, but talked for half an hour — a good common sense, rational discourse, as it seemed to us, covering a number of practical points— a talk which evinced the fact that he is neither himself ignorant of, nor seeks to conceal from those under his instruction, the conflict of ideas going on in the great outside world, but rather that it is the aim of his sect to keep step with the progressive ideas of a progressive age. The latter part of his discourse was largely a recognition of the enlarged rights of women and a plea for their future enlargement, till man and woman shall stand side by side, two equal parts of one grand whole. We do not recall a thought of the speaker to which we could not respond amen. Just one query would arise in our mind. If you are so strenuous for the right of women to vote, why do you, having that right, habitually decline to exercise it ? The party of progress needs your votes as it does those of women. If you, and all who think with you, (Shakers, Quakers, etc.) were to give it your votes, some of these questions of human rights now at issue, would be settled, and the time would then be ripe for still another advance. So it seems to a man of the world. The house was full, as we understand it is nearly every Sunday, there being twice or three times as many of the 'world's people' as of the Shakers. Of the honesty and sincerity of this peculiar people there seems to us no room to doubt. We are under obligations for many courtesies extended duing our stay, subsequent to the meeting. We came away with the feeling that there are many more objectionable ways of spending a Sabbath than in going to the Shaker meeting, and that probably it will not be nineteen years ere we go again.'