The Children's Grotto PROMOTED A little form stood by my side, The eager look I noted— '0 teacher when vacation's o'er, Say, shall I be promoted ? 'Nay little one, you have been ill, The tasks would be severe.' Then coaxingly, ' Would you not like To tarry longer here ? ' ' It is not you I wish to leave, You're always good and kind, But when my mates are going on 'Tis hard to stay behind.' The blue eyes filled with sudden tears, I stroked the ringlets shining, But well I knew the tired, feet Would stumble in the climbing. The weeks flew by, and once again, In their accustomed places, I saw the children of my charge, With welcome in their faces. But one I missed ; no earthly care May be to thee devoted : Thj' wish is granted, happy child, And thou hast been promoted. O sad, reproachful eyes of blue, 0 tears that dimmed their shining! O tiny feet that struggled on, Nor faltered in the climbing ! But one the Teacher great and wise Hath rightly gauged thy powers, O, may the high and lofty place, Through grace at last be ours. A little girl described a parable A little girl described a parable as 'an earthly story with a heavenly meaning.' Susie,' said a teacher to one of her pupils... ' Susie,' said a teacher to one of her pupils, ' you shouldn't make faces. You'll grow up homely if you make faces.' Susie looked thoughtfully in the teacher's face a moment, and then innocently asked : ' Did you make faces when you was a little girl ? ' REAPING Here's a beauty of a poem, which each of the dear children would profit by committing to memory, and never forget while growing up, nor when grown to be men and women : . Every one is sowing, both by word and deed ; All mankind are growing, either wheat or weed ? Thoughtless ones are throwing any sort of seed. Serious ones are seeking seed already sown ; Many eyes are weeping now the crop is grown ; Think upon the reaping — each one reaps his own. Surely as the sowing shall the harvest be — See what you are throwing over hill and lea ; Words and deeds are growing for eternity. There is one all knowing, looking on alway ; Fruit to him is flowing, feeling for the day — Will your hearts be glowing in the grand array ? Yea, that would be bringing sheaves of golden grain, Mind what you are flinging both from hand and brain, Then 'mid glad songs singing, you shall glean great gain. LITTLE ALLAN'S SELF-JUDGMENT 'Allan ! Where is Allan V' A moment ago he was playing with his little cart in the yard, hauling dirt to the currant bushes I cannot tell how many cartfuls he carried. He was as busy as a little man. But Allan was gone ; there is his cart. 'Allan! Allan!' ' I'se here,' at last said a small voice from the back parlor. 'What are you therefor?' asked his mother, opening the door and looking in. Allan did not answer at first. He was standing in the corner with a very sober look on his face ' Come out to your little cart,' said his mother, ' it is waiting for another run.' ' I'se not been here long 'nuff,' said the little boy. ' What are you here for at all?' asked his mother. ' I punishing my own self. I picked some green currants, and they went into my mouth,' said Allan. 'Oh! when mother told you not to! Green currants will make my little boy sick,' said his mother, in a sorry tone. ' You needn't punish me,' said Allen, ' I punish my own self.' 'His mother often put him in the back parlor alone when he had been a naughty boy, and, you see, he took the same way himself. ' Are you not sorry for disobeying mother?' she asked Allan. ' I sorry, but sorry is not 'nuff. I punish me. I stay here a good while and thinks.' Is not Allan right ? Sorry, if it is only sorry, is not enough. How often children say they are sorry, and yet go and do the same thing again. That is a very short, shallow sorrow. Allan felt this, so he was for making serious work of it. Old merchant (to his son) 'John, do you remember what the first duty on tea was?'... Old merchant (to his son)—'John, do you remember what the first duty on tea was?' John—' I should think, sir, that the first duty on T was to cross it.' My! what a steep hill!... ' My ! what a steep hill! And see those ten or eleven wretches packed in one wagon that the poor, staggering horse can scarcely draw ! ' ' Wretches ! Them are all Christians, mum, going to the camp-meetin' ?' Within some persons, some families... Within some persons, some families, some congregations, some communities, the leaven of truth has been deposited for a long time, and yet they are not moved, they are not changed. The. leaven remains as it came a stranger ; all around, notwithstanding its presence, is still, is dead. It is when the Spirit is poured out as floods that the leaven of the kingdom spreads with quickening, assimilating power. 'I will pour out my Spirit upon you, saith the Lord ; ' the promise is sent to generate the prayer, as a sound calls forth an echo. Behold, I come quickly, says Christ; even so, come, Lord Jesus, respond Christians.