WHY IS IT? A FEW QUESTIONS ASKED — THE NEED OF OUR .COUNTRY TO-DAY. Notice was taken in a recent issue of this paper of the experience of a large shoe manufacturer of this State, who advertised in Boston and New York for twenty-five shoe fitters to work in his factory, offering fall current rates and steady work. The advertisement brought one application. About the same time a Boston firm advertised for a bookkeeper, and the next day's mail brought 347 answers. During the same month an advertisement for a clerk in a Detroit paper brought 130 applications the first day and a greater THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 215 »_ number of letters and personal applications the next day. An advertisement for a week in the same city, calling for four carpenters, brought only four replies. It is altogether probable that in any considerable city in the land an advertisement for a bookkeeper or retail clerk will bring fifty times as many replies as an advertisement for a workman in any trade. It is also probable that in any and every city the average earnings of clerks are nowhere near so large as the earnings of workmen of average skill in the various trades. Further, it is fairly certain that, with equal capacity, industry and thrift, the young man who learns any trade will achieve a reasonable competence sooner than the young man who sticks to clerking ; while the chances for materially improving one's condition are more numerous in the trades than behind the counter or at the desk. Why is it, then, that the boys all want to be clerks ? Why is it then that intelligent parents encourage them in looking for a chance to ' get into business ' and in looking down on mechanical employments — as though there could be any calling more wretchedly mechanical than average clerking ? Why is it that teachers almost invariably train their pupils to 'look above' mechanical pursuits. What the country wants now is workmen —intelligent, industrious, thrifty workmen ; men who can do skillfully the work that waits for the doing—who can invent new means and better processes for developing the crude resources of the land, and for converting crude matter into life-sustaining and life-enriching wealth. Mere clerks and record keepers are at a discount. There are too many of them. And the professions so called, are almost equally crowded with men who have nothing to do. There never was a time when ability to do somethingreal and practical was worth so much as now. Yet our young men swarm after clerkships. Why is it?— Yates Co. Chronicle.