The Children's Grotto PROMOTED A little form stood by my side, The eager look I noted— '0 teacher when vacation's o'er, Say, shall I be promoted ? 'Nay little one, you have been ill, The tasks would be severe.' Then coaxingly, ' Would you not like To tarry longer here ? ' ' It is not you I wish to leave, You're always good and kind, But when my mates are going on 'Tis hard to stay behind.' The blue eyes filled with sudden tears, I stroked the ringlets shining, But well I knew the tired, feet Would stumble in the climbing. The weeks flew by, and once again, In their accustomed places, I saw the children of my charge, With welcome in their faces. But one I missed ; no earthly care May be to thee devoted : Thj' wish is granted, happy child, And thou hast been promoted. O sad, reproachful eyes of blue, 0 tears that dimmed their shining! O tiny feet that struggled on, Nor faltered in the climbing ! But one the Teacher great and wise Hath rightly gauged thy powers, O, may the high and lofty place, Through grace at last be ours. A little girl described a parable A little girl described a parable as 'an earthly story with a heavenly meaning.' Susie,' said a teacher to one of her pupils... ' Susie,' said a teacher to one of her pupils, ' you shouldn't make faces. You'll grow up homely if you make faces.' Susie looked thoughtfully in the teacher's face a moment, and then innocently asked : ' Did you make faces when you was a little girl ? ' REAPING Here's a beauty of a poem, which each of the dear children would profit by committing to memory, and never forget while growing up, nor when grown to be men and women : . Every one is sowing, both by word and deed ; All mankind are growing, either wheat or weed ? Thoughtless ones are throwing any sort of seed. Serious ones are seeking seed already sown ; Many eyes are weeping now the crop is grown ; Think upon the reaping — each one reaps his own. Surely as the sowing shall the harvest be — See what you are throwing over hill and lea ; Words and deeds are growing for eternity. There is one all knowing, looking on alway ; Fruit to him is flowing, feeling for the day — Will your hearts be glowing in the grand array ? Yea, that would be bringing sheaves of golden grain, Mind what you are flinging both from hand and brain, Then 'mid glad songs singing, you shall glean great gain.