Home Topics TOMATOES Stewed tomatoes Stewed Tomatoes. — To stew tomatoes properly they should be cooked at least two hours; pour boiling water over them and remove the skin ; then slice them into a stewpan — porcelain is the best, although new tin will answer ; allow them to boil briskly for twenty minutes, then remove to the back of the range to simmer slowly until required ; season liberally with butter, salt and pepper. They will then be cooked to a thick, creamy consistency with few lumps and a high, fine flavor, and will not, therefore, need flour or cracker crumbs, which to our taste are no improvement. When molasses is used in cooking... When molasses is used in cooking it is an improvement to boil and skim it before you use it. It takes out the unpleasant, raw taste, and makes it almost as good as sugar. Spiced Grapes .—Eight quarts of seeded grapes, two ounces of ground cloves, two of cinnamon, three and one-half pounds of sugar. Boil two hours. A few pieces of horseradish... A PEW pieces of horseradish root placed among pickles will prevent scum from gathering on the top of the vinegar. Antidote to Poison .—If a person swallows any poison whatever, or has fallen into convulsions from having overloaded the stomach, an instantaneous remedy, most efficient and applicable in a large number of cases, is a heaping teaspoonful of common salt, and as much ground mustard, stirred rapidly in a teacupful of water, warm or cold, and swallowed instantly. It is scarcely down before it begins to come up, bringing with it the remaining contents of the stomach ; and lest there be any remnants of the poison, however small, let the white of an egg or a teaspoonful of strong coffee be swallowed as soon as the stomach is quiet, because these very common articles nullify a large number of virulent poisons. Cheese Pudding This is a supper dish, and costs twelve cents. Into two quarts of boiling water, containing two tablespoonfuls of salt, stir one pound of yellow Indian meal and a quarter of a pound grated cheese (cost four cents); boil it for twenty minutes, stirring it occasionally to prevent burning, then put it in a greased baking-pan; sprinkle over the top a quarter of a pound of grated cheese, and brown in a quick oven. Serve hot. If any remains, slice it cold and fry brown. The People To Polish Shirt Fronts and Wristbands . — Starch the fronts and wristbands as stiff as you can. Starch twice — that is, starch, dry, then starch again. Iron your shirt with a box-iron, in the usual way, making the linen nice and firm, but without any attempt at a good finish ; don't lift the plaits ; your shirt is now ready for polishing ; but you ought to have a board same size as a common shirt board, made of hard wood, and covered with only one ply of plain cotton cloth. Put this board into the breast of your shirt, damp the front very lightly with a wet sponge, then take the polishing iron, which is flat and beveled at one end — polish gently with the beveled end, taking care not to drive the linen up into wave-like blisters. Of course this requires a little practice, but if you are careful and persevere, in a short time you will be able to give the enamel-like finish which is so much wanted.