NEEDS OF A NEW CIVILIZATION Daniel Frazer In view of the awful crimes and human suffering consequent on modern civilization, and as a step to a higher form of social life, could the All Beneficent Mind do better to equalize human conditions, than to give each person a limited portion of land ? And as it is impossible to obtain an organized form of society based on the fitness of things, without rules of life, and that coming generations may be healthful, and not lacking in moral integrity ; that He lay upon the people procreative restraints. To help in this direction, and to insure a continuance of bodily health, He will give them a Dietic Law; curbing sensuality in eating, and wasteful extravagance in cooking and in the presenta. tion of food. Also, He would give them a Sanitary Law ; teaching the people to be cleanly, to have clean air, clean every thing . and to cover up or burn every unclean thing. Then He would give them a few brief rules of social manners— 'the Moral Law.' As some will incline to have dollars grow, and mortgages to yield a crop, instead of grain and fruit, He will present them with a Financial Ljaw. ' Usury thou shalt not take.' Usury has been declared to be a damnable sin, the Christian world (so called) damns itself every day, and is so rotten as to love to have it so. And to restore arjy lost social balance, He will give the people two Revolutionary Laws, to operate at fixed periods, declaring debts cancelled, and alienated lands restored. Finally, He would give them a Sabbatical Law. Giving rest to men and animals, and opportunities for devotional and beneficent deeds. Visiting and helping the needy, is religion, and true worship. Contemplating on the effect of the above codes, on domestic, social and governmental life, I am lost in astonishment! In its conception it is sublimely grand ! Again, when I reflect that this code was enforced on a whole nation, with a power — an afflatus not yet spent, as every orderly Jewish family this day witnesseth, I am struck with awe, the tremblings of Mount Sinai are before me ! the heavenly forces conjoin with those of earth, to impress men, that violations of the fitness of things, is disobedience to God. Is there to be found in the depths of Hindoo or Egyptian history, a parallel of law and life that meets this standard ? Have the Greeks or Romans left on the stream of time such remains as have Jewish law, life and manners ? Is there in modern history a distinctive form of law and government fit to appear before it ? Bring together the remains of ancient art, and let those of modern times appear. Let the pyramids preside over them and what are they but the toys of kings, and the playthings of children of larger growth ? Bring together the literature of the past and present; their poetry and laws, and they dwindle into insignifi. cance before the efficiency of the Mosaic code ! Even a Jewish^revolution (I allude to the restoration of lands, etc.), was gentle in its operation as are the exhalations from a placid lake and full of individual and social blessings; Revolutions in what are called Christian lands, are explosions, full of ruin, waste and war. Such Christian cities, are cesspools, and farm yards, pestiferous nuisances, a disgrace to science, and to any kind of religion. And land is cared for on the principle of killing the goose that lays the golden eggs. And saint and sinner eat as if they were made to gobble down all creation without law or'discrimination. The orderly Jew THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 197 of to-day refuses to eat of the products of the dairy, and animal food at the same meal. A wise procedure — the experience of three thousand years, and the best light of our day unite in declaring the law involved, hygienically correct. To bring about a better state of things than now prevails, the following resolutions may be accepted: Resolved, That a monopoly of land by individuals or corporations, is virtually instituting slavery — Is a subversion of the foundations of morality; corrupts legislation; vitiates courts of law and justice ; arrests human progress ; destroys identity of interests ; is a fruitful source of crime, of dis content, and of bodily and mental sufferings unutterable. Resolved, Therefore, that land shall be free to all, without money and without price. Resolved, That this movement be inaugurated now — that now is the auspicious day_ May the heavens of the Arctic Circle resound with the movement of its coming, and all the icebergs of conserved wrongs and special privileges fall to pieces by the force of its reverberations. Let the Temperate Zones clap their hands with joyful emotions; and the Equatorial Belt, in all its wide circumference and grandeur, burst forth with rapturous Hallelujahs of Glory to God, for the foundations of Justice are about to be laid, whereon a higher civilization can rest, in which, ' Bach shall care for other, And each to each shall bend ; Then poverty shall cease to be, And wars will have an end. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.