GOD'S CHURCH GOVERNMENT - PRESENT AND FUTURE O. C. HAMPTON From what we have been taught, and what appears in the administration of government in our Pentecostal community, we infer that the ministry at the mother church, the subordinate ministry of the several bishoprics, the elders, trustees, deacons, etc., constitute the official administrative machinery of the community, or what is more generally called the visible order of the church. Now unless we as individuals hope to undergo a great change in our moral and spiritual nature at death (of which there is no reasonable evidence nor likelihood), we may logically infer that this same order will be continued in the next state of existence as in this; the same necessities attending us there which we find our- 194 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. selves under here. And doubtless this order of things rests upon the great law of the universe, viz., that the less is blessed of the better. This seems to me a mere instance of cause and effect. Leastwise, if our Pentecostal church is not superposed upon this as well as other eternal principles, it is of small moment, and of course must ultimately go to pieces for want of an eternal and impregnable basis. To be sure, the sweet attractions of wisdom and love may in the course of one or two hundred thousand years be substituted gradually for present sagacity, executive and administrative energy and ability; but even then the modus operandi of conducting the affairs of the church will be after all most likely, by and through the present beautiful organization of ministry, elders, trustees, deacons, etc., including of course both sexes in equal proportion and power. It seems to me logically, not to say mathematically, impossible to conceive of a Pentecostal community or church outside of some such systematic arrangement. What I wonder at, however, is that so many persons speak of Jesus Christ as the only and the direct mediator between man and God, and yet say He was a mere man like all the rest before and after Him. I believe myself that He was a man like unto the rest of us, and, therefore, one of the millions of links of God's agency by which the great scheme of progression from salvation to salvation is evolved from age to age, and that there is an infinite concatenation of such spiritual intelligences or agencies ascending higher and higher forever. Mother Ann, in whom I have quite as much faith as any others of the above series, said: ' There is no end to the heavens.' When our blessed Saviour was bantered by some of His enemies, to escape their persecution if He could, He mildly replied: ' Know ye not that I can pray the Father, and He will presently send me twelve legions of angels ? ' But what good could millions of angels do to a being who was the very next embodiment of power and goodness to the Infinite, if indeed there can be any ' very next ?'' Again, how could they rescue Him or make Him able to endure that which was in store for Him 'unless they possessed a power and efficacy above His own ? Also, when He had fasted forty days in the wilderness (I care not whether that wilderness was some big woods in Palestine or the wilderness of His own lower instincts), and the angels came and ministered to Him, they must have imported something over and above what He had himself, else it was lost time for both parties. Likewise, in His unutterable agony in the garden of Gethsemane, ' an angel appeared, strengthening Him.' To say that this mediate assistance was not really necessary, but God merely wanted to discover whether or not Jesus was humble enough to receive help from even inferior powers, which God for the time being could magnetize sufficiently for the purpose, is relegating infinite to finite conditions, and, therefore, childish. It rather seems to me that from regions of arch-angelic power, wisdom, love and intelligence, bands of angels often descended to assist and strengthen 'our Elder Brother,' in agreement with the sublime law of the universe, whose dictum is ' the less are blessed of the better.' O, but you say: 'At this rate, how do we know horn many Saviours the world may have, not heretofore had, and what are you going to do with Kersey Graves' ' sixteen crucified Saviours ?'' To the last question I would say, ' simply nothing.' To the first I answer, I cannot tell how many Saviours Infinite Goodness may have sent to the world before Jesus, but I do certainly know of one since, Ann Lee. There never was a Saviour if she was not one. Besides several more at the same time, in the persons of Father James, Father William Lee, and four or five hundred more, so that the Saviours have been all along ' established on Mount Zion (the Pentecostal church of the latter day), judging the Mount of Esau,' even as it is this day. Our earth being not less at least than about 66 million years old, what wonder if it should be ascertained sooner or later that the Lord in his divine love and wisdom had not waited to the ephemeral period of 1800 years ago, or even no longer or further back than the days of Moses, to begin to send Saviours on the earth for the salvation of mankind, 'and suited to their different THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 195 stages of development and capability for improvement? Finally, judging from my observation and experience, I am pretty confident that the order, government and instrumentalities thereof of our Pentecostal community are established on immutable and eternal principles, one of which is that ' the less is blessed of the better,' and that in accordance with the inspired seer who was held a captive by the rivers of Babylon, ' In the days of these kings should the God of Heaven set up a kingdom which should never have an end.' This institution, I be lieve, is now set up in this latter day, and the Shakers are the happy inmates thereof, and this I infer from the fact that the fruits thereof agree in all particulars heretofore enumerated by sages, seers and prophets referring to the same, but practically demonstrate in the lives of the votaries thereol every spiritual principle and practice in sisted upon by Jesus Christ. Union Village, 0.