Baked tomatoes Baked Tomatoes. — Select large ones ; remove part of the inside, but do not skin ; make a stuffing of any kind of cold, cooked meat chopped fine, bread crumbs, green corn, minced onion or parsley, a well-beaten egg, butter, salt and pepper; fill the tomatoes with this dressing ; put a piece of butter on the top of each, and bake in a not very quick oven three-quarters of an hour. Baked Tomatoes and Corn. — Line a deep dish with slices of tomatoes, then cover with green corn cut from the cob; season with butter, salt and pepper; then another layer of tomatoes, corn and seasonings until the dish is full ; add one pint of good meat broth; sprinkle the top with bread-crumbs and bake one hour. Tomato figs Tomato Figs. — Remove the skins and allow one pound of white sugar for every pound of fruit; place them in a stone jar for twenty-four hours ; then pour off the syrup and boil, skimming until clear ; return the syrup to the fruit, letting it remain another twenty-four hours ; again boil and skim, pouring over as before. After the third time they are fit to dry ; place on earthen plates and set in the sun. When well dried pack them in small wooden boxes, with fine white sugar between each layer. Broiled tomatoes Broiled Tomatoes. — Cut small tomatoes in halves and place upon a wire gridiron cut surface down ; when the surface is somewhat cooked, turn them with the skin toward the fire and finish cooking ; serve hot with butter, salt and pepper upon each half. These make a nice garnish for broiled steak. Fried tomatoes Fried Tomatoes. — Dip thin slices of ripe tomatoes into flour, salt and pepper, and fry in boiling butter or lard until nicely browned. Spiced tomatoes Spiced Tomatoes. — To six pounds of fruit allow four pounds of white sugar, one quart of cider vinegar, not too strong, half an ounce each of ground cinnamon, cloves and allspice ; cook in a porcelain kettle one hour, then put in jars and cover tightly. Tomato catsup Tomato Catsup.—One bushel of tomatoes, three large teacupsful of salt, two tablespoonsful of cayenne pepper, four ounces of light black pepper, two ounces of whole allspice, two ounces of whole cloves, four ounces of grated nutmeg. Wash the tomatoes, put them into a kettle and mash as fine as possible; add the salt and spices and boil two hours, then strain through a sieve, carefully rubbing through the pulp; put back and boil; at the end of four hours remove; when cold bottle and seal ; keep in a cool dry place. When boiling it should be stirred almost constantly so that it may not burn. We also find it advisable to wire the corks. Delicate tomato salad A Delicate Tomato Salad. — Many who like tomatoes prefer them most of all in a raw state, as salad, served with various combinations of vinegar, oil and mustard—some using only a little vinegar, others using no vinegar, but a combination of oil and mustard. A great improvement on any of these is made by using the juice of a lemon only. In this way good tomatoes, skinned by putting them in scalding water for a minute, allowed to cool, cut into slices and a good lemon squeezed over them, form one of the most grateful and wholesome dishes obtainable in summer. For salads we prefer skinning with a sharp knife without immersing in hot water.