Book Notices American newspaper directory This immense work of more than a thousand pages will prove an invaluable companion to the thousands of newspaper fraternity and millions of advertisers. Its contents are very tastefully arranged, and no pains have apparently been spared to make it the most complete work of its kind ever printed. It is the handiwork of that enterprising firm, Geo. P. Rowell &amp; Co., New York, which firm has excited the unworthy envy and malice of contemporaries, and yet which stands A 1 with all respectable business men. We commend the same to the patron age of all advertisers. Undiscovered country The Undiscovered country has been sent us, and proves to be an unworthy novel of a very talented man, W. H. Howells, editor of The Atlantic Monthly. The Undiscovered Country has reference to the spirit world, and the theme is a mixture of love story and ridicule of Spiritualism. If the writer does not find there is more truth in the simple, scientific facts taught by Spiritualism 'than he has dreamed of in his philosophy,' then we err in judgment. Just why this.unfriendly Howells must' drag in the Shakers into so many of his stories, and placing them in so ridiculous a light before the world, we cannot tell. But certain it is that in this story, as in ' A House of Entertainment,' Shakerism appears to be ' a thorn in his flesh.' Courtesy compels us to return some kind'of a notice, but we cannot commend the propriety nor philosophy of the book. Book of ensilage J. M. Bailey The Book of Ensilage, Billerica, Mass. In this work we have a treatise upon the newest and grandest sensation in the agricultural world. The idea of being able, by regarding the instructions of this handsome volume, to preserve in the green state for winter and spring uses clover, corn fodder, peas, beans, etc., is simply wonderful to thiak of, and by which we are enabled to produce milk for one cent per quart, butter for ten cents per pound, beef for four cents per pound, and mutton for nothing, when wool is thirty cents a pound ! We mean to try this Ensilage system by the construction of a small silo, and would recommend to all farmers the reading of the book. Spiritual harmonies Spiritual Harmonies: Being nearly one hundred popular hymns and songs, with a summary of the belief of Spiritualists, and a series of sensible and comforting readings for the sick room and funerals. A glance through this little work confirms our opinions of the necessity of such a book, and that a knowledge of the same will create an immediate and immense demand. Its compilation and renderings are the work of our friend and brother J. M. Peebles, and published and sold by Colby and Rich, Boston, Mass. Price 25 cents.