SELECTIONS Science begins to whisper what revelation ages ago uttered in thunders, that there is a spiritual body with glorious capacities. 9 V The success or failure to be a good and true man depends largely upon one's obedience or disobedience to the convictions of duty which every man at times feels. /? AWhen the standard, 'By their fruits ye shall know them,' is the only one used to estimate a man's character and worth, the judgment of the world will be more accurate and just. f( It is seldom wise to enter into a discus\ sion with a skeptical man on the doctrines of religion. The best thing is to have such a life back of your words that you can say ' Come and see for yourself whether religion is not a blessed thing to have.' A 11 feel more and more deeply how un^ Christian and guilty the lives of the prosperous classes are. How little genuine sympathy we have towards the masses of our fellows. Society needs a revolution such as history nowhere records. To use our superiority as a means of elevating those below us, is the spirit of Christianity, and were it to prevail, would make a revolution more striking than any conquest has made.—[Channing. \No man preaches well to others if he does not preach to his own heart. K. There are two easy roads to heaven which shorten the distance immensely. For the .poor it is patience, for the rich it is charity. /' Duty is the voice of God, and a man is neither worthy of a good home nor a heaven, that is unwilling to be in peril for a good cause.—[John Brown. SsrHe who with steadfast humility and patience endures tribulations for the fervent love of God, shall soon attain to great graces and virtues. He shall be Lord of this world, and shall receive the earnest of the world which is to come. '^^IJied, in' Laodicea, the prayer-meeting. Its health was poor the last year. A few anxious friends kept it alive. Discouragement at last prevailed, and it died from neglect. Not a Christian was present when it died. Over forty professionals were living within a quarter of a mile, and not one was there. Had two been there, its life might have been saved, for ' where two or three arer gathered together, etc.' X Everything a man does, be it good or evil, he does unto himself. Therefore, be not thou offended with him who injures thee, but rather in humble patience, sorrow only for his sin, having compassion on him, and praying fervently to God for him. For, in as far as a man is strong to suffer and endure injuries and tribulations patiently for the love of God, so great, and no greater is he before God. And the weaker a man is to endure sufferings and adversities for the love of God, the less he is in the sight of God. ¦h—-trTSaJority of the rural parishes of Scotland the use of the manuscript in the julpit would, till a recent period, have been ratal to the cordial acceptability of any presentee. ' He's a graund preacher! ' whisaered an old spinster to her sister, on hearng a young minister for the first time. 'Whist, Bell,' was the reply; 'he's readin'.' ' Readin' is he! ' said the eulojist, changing her tone ; ' filthy fellow ! ¦ve'll gang hame, Jenny, and read our jook.'