UNION OF CHURCHES We have often urged upon the various denominations or churches, professing Christ as their Lord and Head, to try and come to some united opinion as to what constitutes genuine Christianity ; and so to take action upon the subject as to have but one grand church, one united brotherhood of faith and life. Although some wise heads of the ' Revs.' have informed us that this ' never can be done,' we yet have an unbounded confidence, that sooner than many are aware this scheme will be consummated. A very ably edited paper in New York city has for years labored to this end, and has the encouraging influences of very many of the most prominent clergy of our own and other countries. This periodical is 'The Church Union'.' Amidst the most discouraging circumstances it never has flagged, nor drooped its standard. And why should it ? Churches having by profession one Lord, Christ Jesus, 204 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. and the life of this head of the faith so explicitly and unerringly, delineated and illustrated, why should there be any fears of a final union and a united Christ family made up of all the churches professing love for the Christian life ? None whatever. The Golden Rule, of Boston says : The Bishop of Manchester, Eng., in the course of a sermon recently delivered at Rochdale, referred to the differences existing between various religious bodies, and said he should like to see a conference of representatives of all denominations for the purpose of seeing whether it was not possible even yet to adjust their differences and place Christianity on a common basis, in order thatthey might have a common Christianity running through the Sunday-schools of the land. Now, this feeler, put forth by the anxious bishop, will work as a leaven among both clergy and laity ; and but a few years can intervene, ere the popular demand of a humanity, with greatly increased intelligence and human sympathies, will institute a conference for a union of the now divided churches ; and the spirit, tenor, ruling characteristic of such conference will be to settle the question : How did Jesus Christ live ? and the key that will unlock the bar to a complete union, and dispel such bar, will be the conscientious agreement of the representatives of such conference, that as Jesus, the Lord and Leader' lived, so should his disciples,— those forming his church, live. And brethren of the various Churches, Ecclesiastic denominations professing the Christian religion, we, your friends, the Shakers, are ready and anxious to have the conference called and to meet you there. Further, we issue the call, the same to be considered living and active, until both conference and Universal Church are consummated.