Home Topics TOMATOES Stewed tomatoes Stewed Tomatoes. — To stew tomatoes properly they should be cooked at least two hours; pour boiling water over them and remove the skin ; then slice them into a stewpan — porcelain is the best, although new tin will answer ; allow them to boil briskly for twenty minutes, then remove to the back of the range to simmer slowly until required ; season liberally with butter, salt and pepper. They will then be cooked to a thick, creamy consistency with few lumps and a high, fine flavor, and will not, therefore, need flour or cracker crumbs, which to our taste are no improvement. When molasses is used in cooking... When molasses is used in cooking it is an improvement to boil and skim it before you use it. It takes out the unpleasant, raw taste, and makes it almost as good as sugar. Spiced Grapes .—Eight quarts of seeded grapes, two ounces of ground cloves, two of cinnamon, three and one-half pounds of sugar. Boil two hours. A few pieces of horseradish... A PEW pieces of horseradish root placed among pickles will prevent scum from gathering on the top of the vinegar. Antidote to Poison .—If a person swallows any poison whatever, or has fallen into convulsions from having overloaded the stomach, an instantaneous remedy, most efficient and applicable in a large number of cases, is a heaping teaspoonful of common salt, and as much ground mustard, stirred rapidly in a teacupful of water, warm or cold, and swallowed instantly. It is scarcely down before it begins to come up, bringing with it the remaining contents of the stomach ; and lest there be any remnants of the poison, however small, let the white of an egg or a teaspoonful of strong coffee be swallowed as soon as the stomach is quiet, because these very common articles nullify a large number of virulent poisons. Cheese Pudding This is a supper dish, and costs twelve cents. Into two quarts of boiling water, containing two tablespoonfuls of salt, stir one pound of yellow Indian meal and a quarter of a pound grated cheese (cost four cents); boil it for twenty minutes, stirring it occasionally to prevent burning, then put it in a greased baking-pan; sprinkle over the top a quarter of a pound of grated cheese, and brown in a quick oven. Serve hot. If any remains, slice it cold and fry brown. The People To Polish Shirt Fronts and Wristbands . — Starch the fronts and wristbands as stiff as you can. Starch twice — that is, starch, dry, then starch again. Iron your shirt with a box-iron, in the usual way, making the linen nice and firm, but without any attempt at a good finish ; don't lift the plaits ; your shirt is now ready for polishing ; but you ought to have a board same size as a common shirt board, made of hard wood, and covered with only one ply of plain cotton cloth. Put this board into the breast of your shirt, damp the front very lightly with a wet sponge, then take the polishing iron, which is flat and beveled at one end — polish gently with the beveled end, taking care not to drive the linen up into wave-like blisters. Of course this requires a little practice, but if you are careful and persevere, in a short time you will be able to give the enamel-like finish which is so much wanted. Killing Rats .—The following cheap and simple method is said to be in use in Germany: A mixture of two parts of wellbruised common squills and three parts of finely-chopped bacon is made into a stiff mass, with as much meal as may be required, and then baked into small cakes, which are put down for the rats to eat. Several correspondents of the German Agricultural Gazette write to announce the complete extirpation of rats and mice from their cow-stalls and piggeries since the adoption of this simple plan. Use of Powdered Pumice Stone on Varnished Work . — Pulverized pumice stone is used to remove the gloss and imperfections on varnished surfaces. It is applied by rubbing with woolen cloth and water. Rotten stone is used in the same manner, but applied only on work that requires polishing. Tomato Toast . — Take one dozen large, ripe tomatoes, pare and slice them , put in a stew pan over a moderate fire. Add pepper and salt to taste. Toast two slices of bread, butter the toast and lay it in the bottom of a deep dish, and pour the tomatoes over it. Nails --Many persons are puzzled to understand what the terms ' fourpenny,' ' sixpenny,' and ' tenpenny ' mean, as applied to nails. 'Fourpenny' means four pounds to the thousand nails, and ' sixpenny ' means six pounds to the thousand, and so on. It is an English term, and meant at first ''tenpound' nails (the thousand being understood), but the English clipped it to ' tenpun,' and from that it degenerated until '' penny ' was substituted for pounds.' When a thousand nails weigh less than a pound they are called tacks, brads, etc., and reckoned by ounces. To Preserve Carpets . — Carpets should be shaken often. The dirt that collects under them grinds out the threads. But do not sweep them oft'jner than is absolutely necessary. Take a brush and dusting-pan and remove the dirt in this way, and your carpets will wear enough longer to pay for your trouble. It is a fact known to the philosophical instrument-makers... It is a fact known to the philosophical instrument-makers, that if a metal wire be drawn through a glass tube, a few hours afterward the tube will burst into fragments. This will not happen if a piece of soft wood is employed. In these times, when glasslamp chimneys are in such wide use, it is of no little importance that this fact should be made known. Thousands of persons who have been in the habit of using wires, table forks, and a variety of metallic articles in the washing of these chimneys, will, in the above stated fact, find the reason of their chimneys so often snapping to pieces on the lamp. Ox-Gall Ox-gall . — An ox's gall will set any color — silk, cotton or woolen. One spoonful of gall put into a gallon of warm water is sufficient for the above purpose. Gall is also excellent for taking out spots from bombazines, and after being washed in it they look almost as good as new. It must be thoroughly stirred into water, and not put on the clothes. It is used without soap. After being washed in it, cloth which you want to clean should be washed in warm suds, without using soap. Beef Tea .—Beef tea for the sick is made by boiling a tender steak nicely, seasoning it with pepper and salt, cutting it up and pouring water over it, not quite boiling ; put in a little water at a time and let it soak the goodness out ; then heat it hot Iron rust , it is said, may be removed by tying a little cream of tartar in the stained spot before putting the cloth to boil. If this does not succeed, thicken lemon juice with equal parts of salt and starch, add some soft soap, apply the mixture to the cloth, and lay it in the hot sun. Renew the application several times.