Correspondence Editor Manifesto.— I received the letter forwarded by you from H. L. E.... Ayer, Mass., Aug. 1, 1880 Editor Manifesto.— I received the letter forwarded by you from H. L. E. I very much regret when I tax the piety of any one over much. I do not, however, think that he and I differ very much after all. Perhaps 1 had better define my idea of ' Infidel more clearly' : I do not care what people believe or doubt, if they conduct themselves well in this world ; obeying all the moral and physical laws of nature, and adhering to the Golden Rule. Such are prepared for the next place of existence ; and will feel at home when they get there, just as much as if they always had been prating about heaven and futurity to the neglect of earth life's duties. 'The salt of the earth,' are such as save humanity from degradation and physical sins, either by precept or example, or by both — whoever exercises the power to save, are saviours — why not ? Is it any robbery of Jesus or his disciples, to declare others to be ' the salt of the earth?' If I give one man ten dollars, and another one dollar, does it necessarily follow that I have robbed the first? Did Jesus secure letters patent on the means of salvation ? To the contrary He rebuked His disciples for their arrogance, when they told Him that they ' forbade them to cast out devils in his name ! ' If, as our mutual [friend, H. L. E. would imply, that the Shakers alone are ' the salt of the earth,' then I must still insist that the earth is none too well salted. In my opinion, the saviors on the moral and physical planes are clearly entitled to the appellation of 'salt.'' In conclusion, I really wish I could know, how some of the stern advocates for Jesus would agree with him as a traveling companion or a room-mate ! I am, Your Brother, E. Myrick Unitary Home ,Rich Mountain, Polk Co., Ark., Aug. 21, 1880 Editor Shaker Manifesto, Shakers, N. Y.. The package of Manifestos sent us have been distributed, mostly among preachers of various orthodox ' persuasions.' Your principles seem to be little understood in this very ' remote ' section. God speed these little messengers on their errand of mercy to poor, benighted creed-bound mortals hitherto groping in darkness. To those who are disposed to class us with the Shakers, I have only to say, would that we were worthy to be accounted Shakers. We read your papers with profound interest and heartily indorse much that we read. We believe that Christ is the only 'begotten ' Son of God, but that Jesus was begotten of mortal man, hence, He was as He styles Himself, the Son of Man.' We believe that His spiritual nature or ' inner man' was perfect only in proportion to his physical perfection and development, and subject to the divine afflatus accordingly ; and that the whole human race may arrive at that state of perfection through the process of ' regenerating ' the physical man, the tree (Matt, vii, 18), and that as sin, evil, or disease and ' death ' came by ' eating,' so regeneration must come through a knowledge of what and how to eat, and the propagation of the race from that 'stock' which 'keeps my statutes.' That the mental faculties are subservient, in a greater or less degree, to physical conditions, we may cite among many other evidences, the wretch who is under the influence of intoxicating liquors, the various forms of lunacy, etc. We believe in a 'trinity,' i. e., that man is a threefold being. First, the soul, immortality, life, is the spark of divine life which enlightens and intensifies the animal nature ; second, a physical entity; and third, the 'inner,' or spiritual man, the ' mediator ' between mortality and immortality, in which the soul moves in the celestial spheres, when mortality has been laid aside as an individual identity, and that when man, through covetousness, neglects the ' statutes and commandments ' of God, for the unnatural acquisition of worldly wealth, he impairs the powers of physical development, impedes spiritual growth and progress, and either loses his soul or right to individuality in the after-life, or must return again to the scenes of earth and pass through other preparatory degrees. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 201 ' The soul that sins it shall die.' Death, however, does not mean extinction, but division, dissolution, parturition. The soul of man can never be contaminated nor corrupted. It is not susceptible to tarnish in the slightest degree. Neither can it suffer pain, hence it is above condemnation. It is not subject to the creature, being part of the Creator who holds all things in subjection- The physical structure is an aggregation of earth-matter, belonging to, and remaining with, the earth. The spirit or ' inner man' is an aggregation of more refined matter from the ethereal realms, bearing a relation to the physical structure, similar to the relation which the odor of an apple bears to the apple, both of which are tangible to certain senses, while the principle of life that affinitizes infinitessimals, aggregating structural compounds is the ' hidden mystery.' We believe that marriage, as we term a certain relation of opposite sexes, is a divine institution and may be consummated quite as legitimately by persons of the same sex, as by persons of the opposite sexes, being a mutual compact designed to enlarge the scope of usefulness, enhance the interests of the parties contracting, and intensify their enjoyments. As to how far the limits to the privileges of these compacts extend, we have to be governed by the index by which nature points to her interesting pages. It needs but a superficial glance of an unprejudiced mind at these pages to convince us that no natural desire nor appetite should ever be suffered to become a ' lust.' To foster the natural desire for the things of this world engenders covetousness, lust; so, likewise, the indulgence of morbid greed in any species of exclusiveness is to engender lust and lead our members into captivity to evil. Under the present state of physical corruption and consequent social demoralization our only hope of reformation seems to be in complete self-denial, that we deny ourselves the right to any gratification which cannot in the nature of things be mutually enjoyed by others without detriment to any. To secure these ends ' marriage ' seems to be a necessity, inasmuch as our interests are naturally mutual, our relations must be mutual also, and these relations, to afford the greatest mutual benefit, must be complex, because ' in union there is strength.' The Shakers, with a hundred years' experience ' coming up out of tribulation ' have proven this, and are to day enjoying the blessings of perfect harmony when acting in a perfect unity of interests, and when the world is ready to move in concert with this great work, Christ will come down in our midst ushering in the millennium. Please accept the inclosed small remittance (00 cents). Very small indeed when offered as a tribute to the worth and merits of the Manifesto. It is our mite. To appreciate the worldly value of that mite, you have only to look back into your own past history when trials, hardships, privations and persecution assailed you on every hand. Please accept our united and very sincere thanks for the kind interest manifested in our behalf. I very much rejoice to see the manifestations of interest with which our young of both sexes take up the Manifesto. To us all it is an ever welcome visitor ' brim full ' of vital truths, uttered with a spirit of impartiality everywhere characteristic of truth. Long may it continue to arouse the deep lethargy into which the race has fallen, revealing new lights from old truths which shall bring us nearer to each other in spiritual harmony and nearer in happy anticipation to the eternal Father. The measure of our co-operation in the cause shall be proportionate to our worthiness and consequent ability to labor. May God give us light to direct us in the right way, and strength proportionate to labor in the cause. Ever yours, etc. P. S. I have just read Elder Eads' Infidel Sophistry Rebuked ' and do not hesitate to pronounce it the best sermon I have heard since I came to the State five years ago. This is religions science, and we consider religious science quite as vital to the interests of immortals as is the science of agriculture, mechanics, etc., to the interest of the mortal. W. A. J. Beauchamp