Editorial SUPPOSITIONS There can be no harm to suppose, as we in short purpose doing ; and there may be some good done thereby; we hope so. Let us suppose the time arrived for the fulfillment of ' The Lord's Prayer,' — ' Thy Kingdom Come, Thy will be done on earth, etc.' Let us suppose the exultant spectacle of the descent of Jesus, and the beautiful repetition of the original Christian testimony and call to individuals. Let us suppose some to be fishermen to-day as in the days of yore ; and some shepherds; and farmers; and merchants, mechanics, lawyers, scribes and pharisees. Let us suppose Jesus calling individuals now, as then, from the various employments in selfishness, to enlist as did his then immediate disciples under his banner, to march the march of life as they then did ! Let us suppose what we should see: Neither ' Fathers, mothers, wives, children, houses nor lands ' stood in the way as obstacles to the original discipleship, nor would they now. Let us suppose that even a moiety of those now professing the name, and a love for Jesus, as did his early disciples, should express that same profession , and give evidence of that same love as did those of old. Let us suppose the little band of thirteen now traveling in commonly called Christendom, and calling on the inhabitants to become volunteers, to enlist in the faith as they had enlisted Let us suppose the day of Pentecost again inaugurated, when they 'were together, and none possessed aught he called his own, but gave unto each as he had need.' Let us suppose men and women as anxious now, as then, to be Christ's disciples ; with the same credentials demanded ; the same self-denials imposed ; the same life-examples of the master actualized and exhibited : We would then see men and women forsaking the inferior conditions of husbands and wives, fathers and mothers; forsaking the selfish obstacles of houses, lands, property in every shape ; forsaking their selfish, carnal, Jewish unchristian lives — loving the life of the master so well, as to permit nothing to enter as an obstacle to an experience of the same. Even now, as in those days, there would be those who loved the world better than they loved Christ ; they would be called now as Christ called them then : ' Children of the world, who married and were given in marriage;' but there would be an immense congregation also, even if but a small part of those who professed Christ would actually live Christ, who would represent *¦' the children of the Resurrection '— (Christ's children — 'I am the Resurrection,' said He—) who neither marry nor are given in marriage, but are as the angels in heaven !' Let us suppose that we make personal wealth an objection to Christian discipleship as did Jesus; the use of retaliations and carnal weapons positively unchristian ; the husband and wife relation — marriage — a worldly, civil rite, but never a Christian insti THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 203 tution; that ' the celibate for the kingdom's sake ' was Jesus' condition ; and let us suppose, finally, that Christians, like their leader, are solely devoted to living unworldly lives, holding their church relations and government positively separate from the worldly state : These suppositions lead to thoughts that are simple Christianity, but the genuine gospel of Christ. We have supposed sufficiently. N'ow let us hfiow who are the followers of Christ to-day ! Let us know that Christ has come, and they are his followers who live as he lived; others are 'children of the world.' vv THE MANIFESTO Some kind Shaker has sent us several copies of the 'Manifesto' a Shaker Magazine published in New York. We like the spirit of it very much, but we cannot conscientiously take any stock in Ann Lee as a leader. We prefer Christ the Son of God as a leader and for our Saviour. We do not intend to caricature any person's belief, ' fear God and keep his commandments for this is the whole duty of men.'—[Ed. The above we extract from a very prettily printed periodical, but one tending to very gloomy considerations, called 'The Coming Struggle.' In sympathy with Editor Chase, we, too, cannot 'conscientiously take any stock in Ann Lee,' nor any other man nor woman 'as a leader,' unless Ann Lee or such other man or woman followed and taught Christ most and best. If Ann Lee differed in anywise from the purest teaching and life of Jesus, the Christ, we ask the attention of no one to her gospel testimony. If her administration of the gospel of Christ left a single loop hole through which carnal men and women could evade the full cross and self-denials of Jesus, we do not know it. But we do know that the great objection of the majority, concerning taking 'stock in Ann Lee as a leader ' or in her testimony as a gospel, is that neither leaves any opportunity, nor gives any permission to engage in fleshly indulgences even as Jesus did not. Leaving Ann Lee out as a leader; we ask those who ' prefer Christ as a leader,' to be sure and follow where he led and leads ; and then to considerately discriminate, if they can, how far from a Shaker life Christ has led them.