Editorial SUPPOSITIONS There can be no harm to suppose, as we in short purpose doing ; and there may be some good done thereby; we hope so. Let us suppose the time arrived for the fulfillment of ' The Lord's Prayer,' — ' Thy Kingdom Come, Thy will be done on earth, etc.' Let us suppose the exultant spectacle of the descent of Jesus, and the beautiful repetition of the original Christian testimony and call to individuals. Let us suppose some to be fishermen to-day as in the days of yore ; and some shepherds; and farmers; and merchants, mechanics, lawyers, scribes and pharisees. Let us suppose Jesus calling individuals now, as then, from the various employments in selfishness, to enlist as did his then immediate disciples under his banner, to march the march of life as they then did ! Let us suppose what we should see: Neither ' Fathers, mothers, wives, children, houses nor lands ' stood in the way as obstacles to the original discipleship, nor would they now. Let us suppose that even a moiety of those now professing the name, and a love for Jesus, as did his early disciples, should express that same profession , and give evidence of that same love as did those of old. Let us suppose the little band of thirteen now traveling in commonly called Christendom, and calling on the inhabitants to become volunteers, to enlist in the faith as they had enlisted Let us suppose the day of Pentecost again inaugurated, when they 'were together, and none possessed aught he called his own, but gave unto each as he had need.' Let us suppose men and women as anxious now, as then, to be Christ's disciples ; with the same credentials demanded ; the same self-denials imposed ; the same life-examples of the master actualized and exhibited : We would then see men and women forsaking the inferior conditions of husbands and wives, fathers and mothers; forsaking the selfish obstacles of houses, lands, property in every shape ; forsaking their selfish, carnal, Jewish unchristian lives — loving the life of the master so well, as to permit nothing to enter as an obstacle to an experience of the same. Even now, as in those days, there would be those who loved the world better than they loved Christ ; they would be called now as Christ called them then : ' Children of the world, who married and were given in marriage;' but there would be an immense congregation also, even if but a small part of those who professed Christ would actually live Christ, who would represent *¦' the children of the Resurrection '— (Christ's children — 'I am the Resurrection,' said He—) who neither marry nor are given in marriage, but are as the angels in heaven !' Let us suppose that we make personal wealth an objection to Christian discipleship as did Jesus; the use of retaliations and carnal weapons positively unchristian ; the husband and wife relation — marriage — a worldly, civil rite, but never a Christian insti THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 203 tution; that ' the celibate for the kingdom's sake ' was Jesus' condition ; and let us suppose, finally, that Christians, like their leader, are solely devoted to living unworldly lives, holding their church relations and government positively separate from the worldly state : These suppositions lead to thoughts that are simple Christianity, but the genuine gospel of Christ. We have supposed sufficiently. N'ow let us hfiow who are the followers of Christ to-day ! Let us know that Christ has come, and they are his followers who live as he lived; others are 'children of the world.' vv THE MANIFESTO Some kind Shaker has sent us several copies of the 'Manifesto' a Shaker Magazine published in New York. We like the spirit of it very much, but we cannot conscientiously take any stock in Ann Lee as a leader. We prefer Christ the Son of God as a leader and for our Saviour. We do not intend to caricature any person's belief, ' fear God and keep his commandments for this is the whole duty of men.'—[Ed. The above we extract from a very prettily printed periodical, but one tending to very gloomy considerations, called 'The Coming Struggle.' In sympathy with Editor Chase, we, too, cannot 'conscientiously take any stock in Ann Lee,' nor any other man nor woman 'as a leader,' unless Ann Lee or such other man or woman followed and taught Christ most and best. If Ann Lee differed in anywise from the purest teaching and life of Jesus, the Christ, we ask the attention of no one to her gospel testimony. If her administration of the gospel of Christ left a single loop hole through which carnal men and women could evade the full cross and self-denials of Jesus, we do not know it. But we do know that the great objection of the majority, concerning taking 'stock in Ann Lee as a leader ' or in her testimony as a gospel, is that neither leaves any opportunity, nor gives any permission to engage in fleshly indulgences even as Jesus did not. Leaving Ann Lee out as a leader; we ask those who ' prefer Christ as a leader,' to be sure and follow where he led and leads ; and then to considerately discriminate, if they can, how far from a Shaker life Christ has led them. UNION OF CHURCHES We have often urged upon the various denominations or churches, professing Christ as their Lord and Head, to try and come to some united opinion as to what constitutes genuine Christianity ; and so to take action upon the subject as to have but one grand church, one united brotherhood of faith and life. Although some wise heads of the ' Revs.' have informed us that this ' never can be done,' we yet have an unbounded confidence, that sooner than many are aware this scheme will be consummated. A very ably edited paper in New York city has for years labored to this end, and has the encouraging influences of very many of the most prominent clergy of our own and other countries. This periodical is 'The Church Union'.' Amidst the most discouraging circumstances it never has flagged, nor drooped its standard. And why should it ? Churches having by profession one Lord, Christ Jesus, 204 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. and the life of this head of the faith so explicitly and unerringly, delineated and illustrated, why should there be any fears of a final union and a united Christ family made up of all the churches professing love for the Christian life ? None whatever. The Golden Rule, of Boston says : The Bishop of Manchester, Eng., in the course of a sermon recently delivered at Rochdale, referred to the differences existing between various religious bodies, and said he should like to see a conference of representatives of all denominations for the purpose of seeing whether it was not possible even yet to adjust their differences and place Christianity on a common basis, in order thatthey might have a common Christianity running through the Sunday-schools of the land. Now, this feeler, put forth by the anxious bishop, will work as a leaven among both clergy and laity ; and but a few years can intervene, ere the popular demand of a humanity, with greatly increased intelligence and human sympathies, will institute a conference for a union of the now divided churches ; and the spirit, tenor, ruling characteristic of such conference will be to settle the question : How did Jesus Christ live ? and the key that will unlock the bar to a complete union, and dispel such bar, will be the conscientious agreement of the representatives of such conference, that as Jesus, the Lord and Leader' lived, so should his disciples,— those forming his church, live. And brethren of the various Churches, Ecclesiastic denominations professing the Christian religion, we, your friends, the Shakers, are ready and anxious to have the conference called and to meet you there. Further, we issue the call, the same to be considered living and active, until both conference and Universal Church are consummated. SEXUAL INTEMPERANCE Such is the title of a series of remarkable papers running through the current issues of the liberal paper called The Truth Seeker, New York, and written by that indefatigable, honest worker, (however infidel to popular Christianity), Elmina D. Slenker. We call the series remarkable : for no such sound advice upon the subject is anywhere else given in so concise, modest and intelligent a form. We wish everyone could read the wisdom, the writer so humanely imparts and impresses upon all who can be so fortunate as to secure the reading. Truly, the world has run mad in the intemperance of its sexual demands. Nothing but a return to the normal use, by the children of the world, of the laws of sexual engagements, for propagation only, can save the nations from a fate like Sodom and Gromorrah's. From our standpoint we perceive the world mad in its fleshly lusts. One of our correspondents, after reading the above mentioned series, called the writer a ' salt of the earth ; ' and on being criticised therefor by another, writes usjan explanatory epistle. While we cannot recommend the above series too highly, for those living in and on the generative plane, we would not fail to impress upon all, that there is something higher and better than generation of human beings; and this is found in living Christ's life — ''the celibate for the kingdom of heaven's sake.' And we at the same time, knowing how needy the world is for a THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 205 testimony against its sexual intemperance join our correspondent in callin E. D. Slenker, a great 'salt of the earth.' unitary home A very appreciative and interesting letter will be found in our ' Correspondence' department, from a people who are determined to curtail human selfishness considerably, by one of the many forms of community gatherings. Regardless of theological isms which these communities enchain to their spirit of equality for all, of God's blessings, they are worthy of extensive encouragement. We reciprocate the beautiful, almost affectionate allusions of the writer for our people; and pray for the full dawn of the spirit of truth, which will dispel all error from all associations bound Godward, and unite us in a Unitary Home where Purity and Love and Truth will be the bonds of our Union. TRYING TO BE A CHRISTIAN! If there is any truth in the following story, it ought to put to the blush about ninety-nine per cent of us who make Christianity a profession, but who love too well to retaliate real or imaginary wrongs done us, that we retain scarcely the smell of a Christian about us ! Can it be true ? ' The history of modern missions tells us of a negro in the West Indies who asked his master to buy an old, sickly man from a slave-ship, carried him to his own hut, gave him his own bed, cooked his food and nursed him till he died. When asked the reason of his conduct he said : ' I am trying to be a Christian ; that was the man who stole me from my mother in Africa and sold me into slavery.''