VISION NO. 2 WM. H. BUSSELL ' Coming events cast their shadows before.' Prevision, like 'second sight,' is an unusual development of the natural faculty of vision. Like 'second sight,' also, it is mostly exercised under favorable conditions. John, the apocalyptic seer, tells us that he was '' en pneumati ' — in an exalted spiritual condition — when he beheld the various images he has described in his wonderful book. It is the nearness of events that impress the susceptibilities of the seer and open his internal vision. ' Write,' said the voice which John heard, 'what thou hast seen what is transpiring and what is about to transpire.' Others, also, in the infant church of Jesus, had foresight of things which were to affect themselves as well as the people of aftertimes. So has it been among all peoples and all ages. All are endowed with the same faculties, and these are exercised upon similar things when similarly developed. Visions and previsions which are beyond the reach of the ordinary or external sight are mainly intended to instruct us in regard to another life. Our outward sight would be all sufficient if this were the whole of life. But because something better is before us than this 'brief state of things, there is this occasional opening of the internal vision. Doubtless it would be more than occasional were greater attention given it. If there were less sensualism among men, less strife and contention for the things of this transient life, 'the night shade that waves round the skeptic's head' would be dispelled, and his vision of the future life would be clear as the day. There needs to be far less of mere pride of intellect and more of genuine intellectual culture. This includes the utmost development and refine ment of the ' inner man.' ' The pure in heart' — the single, the sincere of heart — have the clearest visions of Divine character as well as of His providential operations. The clearest vision in respect to the highest things of God appertains to the purest heart.