PATHOGRAPHIC DISPATCHES Office of the mouth—-at one end of the line. Office of the Stomach — at the other end of it. DISPATCH. Inquiry — Mouth to the stomach. ' Are you ready for breakfast ? ' Stomach —¦ ' Yes ; what are you going to send ? ' Mouth — ' You will see. Prepare ! ' The table bell rings. Body hurries, drops into a chair. Mouth opens, and down goes as quickly as possible a cup of coffee, at a temperature of 145 degrees of Fahrenheit. It burns the whole cesophagean track as it passes it, and when it gets into the stomach burns it, and the stomach contracts, and shrivels and cringes, and finally screeches, and the Mouth says, ' Halloa ! what is the matter ?' Stomach—¦' Matter! Enough I should think. Do you not know that I cannot ndure slush at 140 to 160 degrees of heat ? ' THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 211 Mouth — 'Oh, never mind! Here comes some beefsteak with hot fried potatoes, hot rolls and poor batter, some salad with vinegar, some buckwheat cakes and molasses. These will heal it.' Stomach — ' Stop ! What earthly use is there in sending these down here all at one time? They make a hodge-podge.' Mouth — 'Here comes some more coffee.' Stomach—'Hold on! wait! Give me some water ! ' Mouth—'Water! when you can get coffee ! You must be crazy ; water has no nourishment in it. One wants water only when one is dry.' Stomach — 'I am thirsty ! Give me some water! ' Mouth — ' Cannot do it—they haven't any water up here. If they have it is hot, and I doubt if they have any of that. Persons do not like water; and you, oh, Stomach, are eccentric ; so stop complaining and get ready to take some food — ' take the good the gods provide you, and be content.' Are you ready ? 1 am in a hurry. JUp here 'time is money.' I have to furnish you with material out of which strength is to be gotten for the body's use to-day, and I have ten minutes allowed me for this purpose. Now the afterpart is your look-out, not mine. Take notice ! Are you ready ? Here comes apple pie, fried chicken, tripe, tomato catsup, boiled ham, minute pudding, corn bread and cucumbers, pepper, salt, gravy, mince pie, another cup of coffee ; so look out! ' Stomach—¦' Look out! oh, murder ! what am I to do ? Do ? I must grind away at it ]ike a horse in a bark-mill, till I am worn out. Under such a condition of things as this I shall break down in the fourth part of the time which I might work. Then the mouth, and for that matter the Heart, too, will be still, and I shall be at peace.' —Laws of Life.