The Children's Grotto I LIKE TO HELP PEOPLE A woman was walking along the street one windy day, when the rain began to come down. She had an umbrella, but her hands were full of parcels, and it was difficult for her to raise it in that wind. 'Let me, ma'am ; let me, please,' said a bright-faced boy, taking the umbrella in his hands. The astonished woman looked on with satisfaction, while he managed to raise the rather obstinate umbrella. Then, taking out one of those ever-handy strings which boys carry, he tied all the parcels strongly in one bundle, and politely handed it back to her. ' Thank you very much,' she said. ' You are very polite to do so much for a stranger.' ' Oh, it is no trouble, ma'am,' he said, with a smile; ' I like to help people.' 236 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Both went their way with a happy feeling in the heart, for such little deeds of kindness are like fragrant roses blossoming along the path of life. We all have our chances day by day, and shall one day be asked how we have improved them. Almost any one likes to be helped in any difficulty. Are we all as fond of helping others over the hard places ? If we take the golden rule for our guide we shall not only make a great many people glad they have ever known us, but we shall ourselves be glad in heart. THE FOOLISH BEE The Brethren's Advocate has this to say about . Last week we spoke in praise of the little bee, commending its good sense and industrious habits, but like people who may have many good qualities and yet have one weak point, the bee has its failings, too. Of course not everbody does wrong in the same way, neither do all bees do as foolishly as did the one we have in the fable. One bright summer morning, according to the story, two bees flew away from the hive in quest of homes. For some time they flitted around among the flowers without finding much to award their search. At last they came to a wide-mouthed bottle half full of honey, which hung from a limb of an old peach tree. Here was a chance. ' What is the use,' said one, 'for us to fly around all day to gather a little honey when we can go down in this bottle, eat all we want and get an abundant supply to carry home to the hive? '' The other was more cautious, and warned his little friend against the danger, but he was too headstrong to listen, and plunged right in and commenced eating like a glutton ; but the wise one flew away, gatheringlittle by little, bit by bit, from the delicate buds and open flowers, spending the day in delightful labor, and at evening on his way home, with all his little limbs could carry, he thought of his friend, and called to see if he was ready to return ; but oh, to his sorrow lie found him ' reveling in sweets which he was as unable to leave as to enjoy.' It is better to labor patiently and long than with hope of becoming rich in an hour, plunge into that which may prove our ruin. SHORT RULES FOR HOME USE The Brethren at Work presents the following: . Put self last. When others are suffering drop a word of sympathy. Tell of your own faults rather than those of others. A place for every thing and every thing in its place. Hide your own little troubles, but watch to help others in theirs. Take hold of the knob and shut every door behind you without slamming it. Never interrupt any conversation, but wait patiently your turn to speak. Look for beauty in every thing, and take a cheerful view of every event. Carefully clean the mud and snow from your boots before entering the house. If from any cause you feel irritable, try the harder to do little pleasant things. * ******* You will not be sorry For being courteous to all ; For doing good to all men; For speaking evil of no one ; For hearing before judging; For thinking before speaking; For holding an angry tongue ; For being kind to the distressed ; For asking pardon for all wrongs ; For being patient toward everybody ; For stopping the ears to a tale-bearer; For disbelieving most of the ill-reports. There is a warm place in the gospel of Christ for the children... There is a warm place in the gospel of Christ for the children. In the olden time parents brought their little ones to Jesus, that he might touch them, and He did touch them; but He did more — He took them in His arms and blessed them, while He pressed them near to His heart. Atheism has no God, and it has nothing for children. YOUNG HISTORIANS Fannie.— ' Mintie, who was it tliat first discovered the Shakers? I can't think.' Mintie.—'It was Mother Ann Lee. She discovered them first at Watervliet, then she discovered them here at Mt. Lebanon, then at Hancock, and then in other places.