A BEAUTIFUL VISION [In a most beautifully-printed volume, entitled ' Our Homes and Employments Hereafter,' written by our friend J. M. Peebles, and published by Colby &amp; Rich, Boston, Mass., we find the following beautiful vision by our beautiful Sister Eunice Bathrick, and have copied it for the interest of our readers. The book purports to tell us ' what a hundred spirits, good and evil, say of their dwelling places,' and is well worthy the perusal of all interested in the subject of the world to come.—Ed.] I am now in the sere of life, and as my earthly career is drawing to a close, I rejoice to say that invisible agencies have supported me all through these changing years up to the present time. I have felt the companionship of spirits, as though they were tangible to the physical touch; I have seen them as distinctly as I see things with my natural eyes. I have frequently conversed with them audibly, and though I heard no external response, the answer, in some unexplainable way, was intelligently echoed to my interior consciousness. I have been informed of and prophesied of events before their occurrence, and have been turned from the course I was pursuing, where dangers awaited me, by loving, ministering spirits. I have heard angelic voices, have been patted upon the shoulder when in the room by myself; have listened to heavy footsteps, so heavy as to seemingly jar the floor, the ground, and the forest through which I was walking. Listening to the songs of angel hosts, I have committed them to writing. Sitting quietly alone at twilight, I have sung under the inspiration of angels one new song after another, till they numbered scores; and they were joined in aim and purpose like intertwining links in a golden chain. It is impossible for me to find language to describe the landscapes that I have seen in vision; their verdure, their velvety lawns, their crystal streams and musical birds, almost overcame me with a joy and a love for God and His creatures. On some of these green lawns were lofty trees, with delicate vines, climbing over and clinging to the branches, bearing transparent fruit resembling clusters of grapes. Walking on these lawns, among these groves, and in the alcoves, were children dressed in white, with teachers instructing them. The pure and beautiful angels seemed to have no fixed abode, but roamed at will through elysian fields, while the darker spirits seemed confined to given localities; and the atmosphere in which they moved appeared to me hazy and gloomy. There were no green fields, no fragrant flowers, and no dancing fountains to cheer their desolate abode. These were shown to me for lessons of instruction. The places where some good spirits wtere conducted after leaving their bodies appeared to me like the outer court of a magnificent building, with architectural beauty surpassing all earthly workmanship. Their walls 220 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. were festooned with vines and flowers, and hung with paintings symbolizing sacred scenes in the Scriptures, and the lives oJ good and pure men and women. At one time I saw in vision public worship among the spirits. The building stood facing the south, with a sloping, undulating plane I should judge a mile in length, at the extremity of which was a dense forest through which murmured a winding' river, with banks fringed with delicate mosses. All of the surroundings tended to promote contemplation and a prayerful mood of mind. The extensive and symmetrical build, ing for worship was of pure white, and, as far as I could see, without the least ornament. It was clearly constructed for worship, and not for the display of pride. I did not enter the structure, but the two doors facing the south stood open as they had been left by the assembled throng. Before approaching so near, and while standing in meditation, I saw the brethren and sisters —¦ angels they were — go forth in the march and the dance. I saw them pass the windows, arrayed in white, transparent robes, as they moved like seraphs to the heavenly music. It seemed to me as though I was at the very gates of the city celestial, the home of the new Jerusalem, and was about to join in the song of the hundred and forty-four thousand. In that heavenly world — for I seemed to be there — I was pained when told by my guardian angel that I must return again to the material world; and now I only desire to stay upon earth that I may do good and help poor mortal souls to rise in the resurrection life, where alone is found peace and true happiness.