RELATION OF FOOD TO MORALS [We make some telling extracts from a discourse of the Rev. J. F. Clymer. We only wish we could publish the whole discourse.—Ed.] * * * Disobedience to law brings penalties. There is nothing that men need to see more in their efforts at reform than the connection between their sufferings and their disobedience. * * * Science and Revelation both declare that our physical life is in the blood. The physical, mental, and moral natures are so intimately connected that that which affects one affects the others. So that a man's mental and moral nature, as well as his physical, can very largely be determined by his blood. Now, it is a physiological fact that our blood is made out of the food we eat. That which enters the mouth makes blood. By the mysterious processes of digestion and assimilation, our food is transformed into blood ; and the blood passing through the veins and arteries repairs the waste tissues and forms new ones, thus building up our bodies and sustaining life. It follows, then, that our bodies are made of the food we eat. Evidently, then, it was the design of our Creator that the prime object of eating should be the building up of tissues, muscles, bones, and brains. That this may be a pleasure to us, he has associated with eating the delights of appetite. But most of us have so far perverted tho divine order as to make the pleasures of appetite the chief object of eating. ' Give us something good to eat,' is the great cry of humanity, and the goodness of food is gauged by the sensations of the palate and not by the law of nutrition. Most of us determine the goodness of our food by the amount of sensual delight it gives us between the mouth and the chest; no matter how much damage it may do beyond to the delicate and intricate structure of the stomach and viscera. Hence a vast amount of food enters the mouth that makes bad blood, blood that in itself is corrupt, and carries poisonous particles to every organ in the system, and putting us in splendid condition to be easily provoked to some outbursts of anger, passion, or revenge. My hearers, there is a sure and vital connection between bad blood and bad morals. Blood always tells in morals as well as in muscles. Blood has power throughout the whole realm of life, whether it be in a human body, in society, or in the body of a horse on a race-course. You ask, what kind of food makes bad blood ? I answer, very much of the flesh of animals that forms the staple diet of most of us. Sty-fed pigs and stall-fed oxen are fattened under the most unlawful and unhealthf ul conditions possible; shut up in the dark, cut off from exercise, the fat deposited on their bodies is made up of the waste matter that the life forces of the animal have been unable to expel. This waste fatty matter is useless, unnourishing, and poisonous. Even in the living animal it sometimes becomes so effete, that is, lifeless, that it breeds vermin, such as has been found in pork, which cannot be destroyed by ordinary cooking or by the process of digestion, and hence live and generate in the human body, producing disease and death. * * * The use of large quantities of animal food as a staple article of diet makes the blood gross, coarse, and corrupt, filling the flesh of the body with scrofulous elements, sending poison to every part of the system, causing it to break out in running sores, 228 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. saltrheum, tetter, and the like, producing an inordinate appetite, throwing every organ of the body into fractional relations to every other organ. It is a matter of everyday surprise to me that any human being will consent to eat the flesh of pigs. Consider their uncleanness, their selfish, greedy habits, the vast amount of corruption that enters into their bodies, and think when you eat pork all this train of horrid elements enters into your body. And your body thus detoned by a low order of animal flesh, it can have no other effect than to make you take on the disposition and tendencies of the hog. God's bill of fare, in the 11th chapter of Leviticus, excluded from the tables of the Jews the hog, and all water animals except those that had fins and scales. This bill of fare was given to the Jews, not only for the preservation of their health, but as God's great purpose was moral reform, he had an eye single to their moral condition in the matter of their eating. Does any one doubt that the unhealthy, ugly, and vicious elements that make up the flesh of most of the animals we eat, enter our blood, and in that way affect the disposition or carriage of the soul? I am confident if there were less demand for animal food, the quality would be very much better. Animals would not be subject to false and unhealthy generation and false and hasty methods of growth. They would come up more in keeping with the laws of their nature, and come to us with more health and better qualities. As for the hog, if man would not domesticate him, he could not propagate his species. He would become extinct, just like the lion, leopard, and hyena under the march of civilization. As the blessings of civilized life come on us, you notice the carnivorous or flesh-eating animals become extinct. So it seems to me, that with the developments of civilization, there ought to be such moral refine. ments in human beings that they would grow away from their carnivorous tendencies and eat such food as tends to develop the mental and moral faculties, and not the animal propensities. Among animals you find that those that live on the flesh of other animals are the most vicious and destructive, such as the lion, leopard, and hyena. Those animals that live on the grains and the higher order of foods, are the best and most useful, such as the horse and cow If this law obtains among animals, why not among men ? If you want proof of this, study the character and lives of those who live largely on animal food, and you will find them very animal-like in all their relations—¦ restive, impatient, passionate, ugly in their ways, fiery in their disposition, easily provoked, readily put out of humor. And if you could look into their private lives, you would find all their baser qualities having the fullest sway, stopping,' it may be, inside the fence of human laws and customs, but seldom considering the claims of a higher and divine law. I charge, then, very many of our household miseries, domestic woes, and connubial wretchedness to unrestrained lusts, begotten in the body by the inordinate use of animal food. We forget, my hearers, that the great law of nature, 'Like produces like,' is universal. ' Every seed after its kind ' is the law of all creation. Monkeys and men are not exceptions to this law, notwithstanding Darwin to the contrary. This principle obtains not only in the production of life, but in the processes of its development. If the position about the intimacy of soul and body is true, then, if a man's body is made up chiefly of flesh taken from diseased and stall-fed cows, and his whole physical frame is saturated with the irritating and exciting condiments of what is popularly called good food, the whole bias of his bodily powers will be toward animalism. All the impressions and impulses that the soul receives from such a body are beastly and debasing. Like produces like in the formation of physical tissue out of food, as well as in the generation of stock in the stall. Hence I hold that very much of the wickedness of mankind is the natural expression of physical beastliness, rather than the outflow of innate viciousness. A body made up largely of all manner of nerve-goading, passion-producing, anger-generating elements, such as are found in the gross animal dishes, with their belongings, just as surely drives the soul to sin as a tempest drives a feather before it. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 229 The kind of food a man eats and the time and manner of his eating it are not merely a question of medicine, but one of the first questions of morals. The effects of food on the passions and feelings are thus described by Prior : ' Observe the various operations Of food and drink in several nationsWas ever Tartar fierce and cruel Upon the strength of water gruel? But who shall stand his rage and force When first he rides, then eats his horse ? Salads and eggs and lighter fare Tune the Italian spark's guitar ; And if I take Don Confrere right, Pudding and beef make Britons fight.' If, therefore, our meet has something to do with our morals, or if our food in some way affects our faith, it seems to me that many of our efforts at moral reform ought to be preceded by instruction in hygiene. In other words, efforts to make a man genuinely devotional ought to be prefaced by efforts to correct bad dietetic habits. A father, by prayer and precept and flogging, had done his best to reform his boy, whose staple diet was meat and sausage, pie and cake, at his meals, with lunch between. The family physician said to the father, 'If you will put a leech back of each of your boy's ears once a week for a month, you will do more to reform him than your preaching and pounding will do in a year.' This father asked for the philosophy of this prescription. ' Why,' said the doctor, ' your boy has bad blood and too much of it; he must behave badly or he would burst.' «' Then,' said the father, ' I'll change his diet from beef and pie to hominy and milk.' In three months thereafter a better boy for his age could not be found in the neighborhood. In your use of animal food be very particular as to quality and quantity. Lamb and mutton are considered the most healthy by the authorities. Avoid, as you would contagion, the use of pork, unless you raise and feed it yourselves with good grain, and not the refuse of the house or barn, and keep the animals as clean as you do your pet dogs. Never fry your meats with hog's lard, but stew, bake, boil, or broil them. Use hog's lard in no form of cooking. Most of it is reeking with scrofulous elements. Displace it in all your cooking by milk or butter. If you want aid, and not hinder the growth of your soul Godward, and you desire to have pure thoughts and a pure heart and a pure life, see that you make your blood out of pure food, or you will find that your soul will have an enemy within the castle of its body more treacherous and deadly than any of its enemies without. There is another popular article of food which has a vital connection with bodily disorders and bad exhibition of character. Good in proper quantities and in its sphere, when made in the largest and chief articles of diet for every meal, the one kind of food upon which we depend most for building up the waste of our bodies, thus used it indirectly does no great damage. I refer to the ordinary fine-flour bread made out of bolted wheat-meal. The process of bolting or refining takes from the wheat most of the phosphates and nitrates, the elements that are chiefly required for making nerves, muscles, bones, and brains. The phosphates and nitrates being removed by bolting, very little remains in the flour except the carbonates, the heat and fat-producing elements. The use of fine-flour bread as a staple article of food introduces too much heat and fat-producing elements into the system, and where there is too much carbon or heating element, it tends rather to provoke the system to unnatural and abnormal action, and instead of serving as an element to warm the body, its tendency is to burn or consume, heating and irritating all the organs, getting one into that state which is popularly known as ' hotblooded.' One reason why children fed chiefly on white bread feel hungry nearly all the time, and demand so much food between meals, is found in the fact that their bodies are insufficiently nourished. Their bones and nerves not receiving the nitrates and phosphates they need, are suffering from hunger. When children are fed with food that thoroughly nourishes their whole system, they will seldom desire to eat between meals, and thus retard the process of digestion, laying the foundation for dyspepsia and all its kindred evils. 230 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Flour made of white wheat, unbolted, popularly known as Graham flour, contains all the elements necessary for the nourishment of the body. Not every flour called Gra ham flour contains these elements. There is a great deal of bogus stuff in the market, which has brought the genuine article into disrepute, and made many thoughtful people disgusted with every thing in that line. * * * I am confident that the American habit of eating sumptuous and late suppers, whether at our homes or church fairs or festivals, is damaging the physical, mental, and moral health of our nation more than any other one thing of its kind; more damaging because it has the appearance of innocency, and the sanction of our fathers, mothers, and some of our pastors. Furthermore, the habit of eating hurriedly or hastily is preying upon the vital and moral forces of many of us. A meal eaten hastily or nervously, under the pressure of intense mental activity or nervous tension or great weariness, begins its work of nutrition under the greatest possible disadvantage. All our meals should be eaten calmly and deliberately, so as to thoroughly masticate the food, and not impose on the stomach and viscera the legitimate work of the teeth, In the interest of health to soul as well as body, I enter an earnest plea for more time in eating, and especially at noon when most hard-working people take their principal meal. Clerks, business men, and school-teachers, mechanics, laborers, and our children who attend the public schools, need more time at noon to properly dispose of the chief meal of the day. No better investment could be made to secure the best possible physical, intellectual, financial, and moral returns than for all classes of people to take two hours at midday for resting and eating dinner. Selfish greed demands otherwise and makes a show of gain, but the loss is sure to come in due time to all parties concerned. My friends, when will we fastliving, fast-eating, fast-working, and fastdying Americans learn the great lesson that life is a unit ; that the trinity in us, namely, the physical, intellectual, and spiritual, is one life, with different phases of expression, and whatever mars one mars the whole, and whatever builds up one most surely builds up the others ? All our* powers are many members in one body, with an inter-dependence which is eternal. Slight your body, and you smite your soul and enervate the mind. Corrupt the mind, and you detone the body and debase the soul. When will those who profess to be God's children, by the adoption of the Holy Ghost, catch the spirit of his great apostle Paul, who, more than any other sacred writer, maintained the sanctity of the human body, and its subservience to the mind and soul. Hear him : ' I beseech you, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service, and be not conformed to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your minds, that ye may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God.' I admit the power of the Holy Ghost in the work of regeneration, but is there not something for us to do in keeping our bodies under, 'lest we become castaways ? ' I do not say, mark it, that all human evils and ills have their primary origin in physical habits, but I do say that the great mass of impulsions from our bodies toward our souls are in the interest of sin. The economy of salvation orders otherwise. By the gospel the body may become the temple of the Holy Ghost. By the law of self-denial, of the New Testament, our bodies with all their fiery elements may be made an inspiration to our souls. * * *