Correspondence LETTER FROM WM. FISHBOUGH Brooklyn, Aug. 13,1880. Elder H. L. Eads : Dear Friend — I acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of your book, ' Shaker Theology,' which you were so kind as to send me, accompanied with your letter of August 6. Your expression of sympathy with my views as expressed in the article in the R. P. Journal, gives me strength and encouragement. I feel that there is beginning to be a necessity of more union and cooperation between those spiritualists who believe in God and revere Christ and his re ligion. Yet there is one thing for which I am thankful — it is that since the advent of ' seducing spirits and doctrines of devils ' must come, it comes, with all its force, in these earlier years of the spiritual manifes. tations ; and when it exhausts its direful power, as it will at no distant day, we shall be rid of it forever. There is no element in infidel spiritualism that can give it permanence, though for a time, its specious appeals to the unworthy and selfish propensities of the animal man may lead many astray, and to their own destruction. Meanwhile let us labor and pray, and feel assured that the truth will prevail as surely as God lives. This is about the only thought that has consoled me during these many — many weary years of my life. I have not yet had time to read your book, but I see by its attractive table of contents that I shall read it with pleasure and profit. Again thanking you, I subscribe myself truly and fraternally yours, Wm. Fishbough E. L. Eads: Dear Friend — Your very valuable and kind gift was received... Lockport, July 11, 1880 Dear Friend — Your very valuable and kind gift was received yesterday. It is not necessary for me to assure you that I shall prize highly for the material evidence it pre sents of your generosity and appreciation of my work, and what is still better, its demonstration of your broad spirit of genuine catholicity and pure religiousness. It is a source of untold satisfaction to know that there are so large a constituency of true minds that wish to see the largest measure of truth and liberty to prevail ; minds that are conscious that liberty violates no truth, and that all truth leads the soul to understand in what liberty consists. Your three aphorisms in your ' Harmony of Truth ' are a clear, concise statement of a principle running through every department of our natures, and it were folly to con. tradict a statement so self-evident. The simple recognition of this law would make the way clear to a ready comprehension of the '' unity in divinity' and the spirit of indwelling agreement in seeming contrarieties. It is sometimes painful to me to perceive the lack of true charity on the part of those who claim to have reached the solid ground of mental and spiritual liberty. ' By their fruits ye shall know them.' All of us reflect the measure of our culture and understanding, and whatever else may succeed or fail, a true life is the measure of the possessor's conception of justice and duty. There is no liberty outside of truth, there is no evil outside of error. There can be no clearer definition than the one you give. Obedience to organic law is freedom from pain and bodily sickness. Obedience to the mental and spiritual give us peace of mind and lofty conceptions regarding our moral and spiritual possibilities. These take us out of the realm of petty self-hood, where our desires and aspirations seek the true liberty of all that is human. Stephen Pearl Andrews, years ago,wrote quite extensively regarding the harmony existing in the principles of the various sciences, and said they were but parts or segments of that which included all, and which he defined as the ' Unitary Science.' The principle was undeniably true, and the failure of the school of specialists to fully appreciate it, make themselves dogmatic in defense of their pet theories. The material school make too much ado over the purely physical, and fail to perceive the true import of the spiritual forces 232 THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. of the universe, and especially so, as these forces exist in human nature. We are little without them. The refining, inspiring, and sustaining elements, that are more spiritual than mental, are the potent factors that make us objects of love and respect, and I think the purely materialistic has nothing to offer that can possibly give us hope and courage to build up that liberty and truth for which the world is famishing. The religious elements, like the imponderable forces of nature, will and must manifest themselves, and thus, or therefore, many of those who condemn religion in name, most beautifully illustrate it in practice, while many that are most anxious to exhibit their fealty to it, as well as love for its defense, are the poorest possible imitators of its principles. Your society has done a noble work in the true and pure direction. You have proven the benefits of co-operative association. The possibilities of religious devotion to principle, without a spirit of narrowness to those with whom you differ. Your record as regards the absence of crime, and the perpetuation of virtue, harmony and prosperity is a constant testimony in your favor, and a standing rebuke to popular Christianity, the present forms of human government, and the present injustice of the race to one another. Yours in love, George Lynn