'WHY DO NOT SHAKERS VOTE?' F. W. EVANS [This question having been frequently asked, we requested Elder Evans to send us for publication a concise and pertinent reply. Besides the philosophical reasons he gives below we might happily add, that by refraining to exercise this franchise the societies have been saved from an immense amount of worldly corruption and bitter, political, enduring antagonisms. Simply as a promoter and protector of social peace our absence from engaging in political partisanships and giving expressions thereof by our votes has well paid us.—Ed.] For the same reason that they do not marry, nor fight, nor hold individual private property. They are a church, not connected with any civil government; do not believe in church and state union, not even with the American republic. As citizens THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 219 they are law-abiding, peaceable and loyal to the civil government, which they regard as the best in existence. But even it is not perfect until their Shaker sisters are equally citizens with themselves — until woman is not only a law-abiding but a law-making factor. Our civil government was founed by philosophical free-thinkers, rationalists — skeptics — of all classes, who had grown out of Christendom and were agreed only in disintegrating her, and in declaring independence of theology and all forms of ecclesiasticism. The Shaker order was founded cotemporaneously with the civil government, by New Lights, religious Free-thinkers, Comeouters and Heretics, who had gone into Babylon and were from thence delivered by the American revolution and the American civil government, delivered from a mixture of church and state systems upon which rests the responsibility of all the blood shed upon earth — systems drunk with the blood of the saints and martyrs of Jesus, by holy inquisitions and unholy religious wars. Inasmuch as the Shakers live under a civil government entirely separated from the church, so do they live in a church that provides for soul and body, and is entirely separated from the civil government. Therefore the Shakers do not vote.