Editorial A MAN APPROVED OF GOD '.' In this age of fearless reason and brilliant intelligence, we dare to descend to learn of the manliness of Him whom we love to call Jesus, Lord and Master. Eeverent theologies carry us so high above the relations of our humanity with that of the beautiful Jesus that they strike the twig so bent —the mind so elevated to grow—with a sense of sacrilege to think of Jesus, not as a God, but as a most manly man. To think of Jesus as a God, there is but little derivation of a possible, practical good; but to know of Jesus as our fellow in childhood and manhood, as one who, though our High Priest, ' could be touched,' and was made to experience all our human infirmities, temptations and frailties, whom ' it behooved not to take upon Him the nature of angels.' but simply our same humanity, herein have we the lever to resurrect ourselves as men and women to what we know Jesus to have been and what Jesus is. Tempted and tried in all points as we are, how did Jesus pass the ordeals of the tempted and prove Himself after the trials ? In our trials and temptations by passion and worldly tendency, we learn of the same in Jesus, for He was ' tempted in all points, even as we are,' and do we succeed as manly as did Jesus ? The excuses we make, and that are made for us by those who would excuse and smpathize as Jesus would not, are ever expressive of an unmanliness not found in the man approved of God. THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. 233 Viewing Jesus as a God instead of a godly man set for our example, we plead that the inequalities of positions prevent the possibilities of similar examples by us. But knowing Jesus as '• a man/' tempted and tried like ourselves, is evidence of the possibility and probability of our being ''approved of God' even as Jesus was. To love Jesus, a most lovable man, and to so love Him as to be ardently anxious to be and to live just like Him, is expressive of a love of God, of goodness, never determined by an idolatrous worship of Jesus as a God. Jesus was a man, at one with God, when acting as God taught Him to live; and we can only be at one with Jesus, having 'the Father in us' when acting in life as Jesus taught His disciples should live. Do any doubts arise as to how the man Jesus lived ? None. The little children are easily taught to comprehend His purity, peace, unworldly and heavenly character, and what a pity it is that this childlike simplicity of knowledge of the true essence of Christian life should ever be interrupted and displaced by humanly worldly creeds and false theological dogmas! As was the man, Jesus, 'approved of God,' so must we be approved as His disciples or followers—by His good works and miracles which we believed He accomplished. Truly it would be acts most approved of God for us to follow, to live just like that goodly, godly man. Truly it would be a miracle to transform our worldly selves into men and women as unworldly as was Jesus. Let us reflect. And now, men and brethren, and particularly the preaching class, let us arraign ourselves before the bar of reason, and as men and women, having the man Jesus set up for our Christian pattern, count ourselves unworthy of the Christian name unless we renounce all worldliness which Jesus renounced ' as a man to be approved of God.' Let us count ourselves as unworthy of the profession of His fellowship as a man, and know how radically wrong it is for us to preach in His name until and unless the radical characteristics of His goodness as a man shall shine out brilliantly in our chastened, self-denying characters. Jesus was a pure, virgin celibate man. Whosoever is able to receive the saying—the testimony of His example—follow Jesus. Jesus was an unresisting peacemaker, yet a man ! We can be thus like Jesus in our manliness and womanliness. The questions to be determined are, will we be manly and Godly as He was in peace and nonresistance, and are we His Christian followers in this ? Jesus ivas a most unselfish man, never as a Christian holding any thing as His own, selfish property. All that He had or might have had as a selfish man He gave to the poor. In all respects Jesus tvas an unworldly man. Until we can copy these radical, characteristic adornments of Jesus into our lives we cannot be His followers nor receive the approval of God as He did, nor be worthy of the Godly love which these characteristics invariably and forever impart. OUR NUMBER FOR OCTOBER Will be found brim full of beautiful contributions. Once more will be found the familiar pens of Elders Evans and Eads — two valued veterans of the cause The Manifesto would represent. The ' Correspondence,' although not directed to this office, is absorbed by us for the benefit of our readers, and will be relished, especially that from the noble Fishbough, the foster father of the inimitable A. J. Davis. The thoughts given us by the sages Fraser and Hampton are well worth reading and remembering, and the vision of Mother Eunice is very truthful and instructive. We challenge the genii of music to present a more beautiful 'gate' than the ' golden ' one we sing this month to our listeners. We ask kindly charity for our personal, editorial briefness this month. Our duties in this line are simply labors of love — our pastime, not employment — and our time has been limited this month by the pressure of other duties. And yet we long since determined there should be no issue of The Manifesto but would contain a digest at least, of our faith and principles, which even the casual reader might ' read as he runs ' just what many dear friends would know of Shaker life and principles. FOOD AND RELIGION Our reverend friend J. F. Clymer continues in the good work of stirring up sensible people to the consideration of vital topics. In the September number of the American Phrenological Journal may be found a most wholesome sermon by him upon the kind of religion our food incites. The theory has long been accepted that the dyspeptic has a most gloomy way of looking at religious devotions, and the terrors of an impossible hell have been most graphically described by those who have made grave-yards of their stomachs by the consumption of murdered, animal innocents. We have much to learn yet, and to practice, physiologically, before we can boast of much real spiritual perfection. We would like to see this sermon and another by the same talented writer — ' Who Killed Chief Morris? ' — sent broadcast the world over, the first as a lesson upon Christian diet, the second as a most terrible arraignment of the rum-seller. We copy some important extracts from the A. P. Journal. ANOTHER BRIGHT LIGHT TRIMMED A beautiful instance of conscientious harmony, or an attempt at it, is illustrated by a Rev. Milne, of Brooklyn, N. Y., who, unable to believe in the monstrous Trinity doctrine, and the unreasonable, untruthful Atonement theory, resigns his pastorate rather than preach such lies. This Congregational minister, we are only sorry to say, is an exception in honesty among a large class of teachers called divines, who are preaching for hire what they cannot believe in reason and which they know cannot be true. For these reasons we look upon the clergy who practice such hypocrisy as did Thomas Paine, as any thing but the servants of God or lovers of their fellow men. When the clergy will only teach what God, through the light of their reasoning THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 235 powers, gives them to say, ungoverned and unbiased by the theological tactics taught and demanded by theological schools and their text-books, then, and not till then, shall we be relieved of the curse of ' blind leaders.'