VISIT TO THE SHAKERS Albert Hale [ visits the Cleveland, 0., Shakers, and thus writes to a local paper his extreme pleasure:] * * * * Left the hack two miles this side of East Cleveland, and walked one mile south, which brought us to one of the Shaker villages, where we spent a week very pleasantly. The opinion we formed of these people last winter was more than confirmed. On further acquaintance we are prepared to say, in the words of Horace Grreeley, in his notes on the Shakers: ' With the Shakers, so nick-named, 1 have some personal acquaintance, and I am not ashamed to own that I have been instructed and cheered by them. They have never been fairly appreciated by the world.' And further, says this illustrious individual, ' Are our relation as men and women so universally pure and exalted that we may rightly despise those who, unable to separate the palpable evil from the latent good, reject both together ? Is exclusive property so beneficent a feature in our social order, as practically exemplified around us, that we may fairly stigmatize those who, not needing its incitements to thrift or industry, see fit to decline them? Mr. Greeley adds: ' The peculiarities of Shaker worship I really abandon to the ridicule of the caviler, only wishing that theirs were the only absurdities committed in attempting to honor our Father in Heaven, and that no religious errors more popular and enduring than theirs were worse than simply ridiculous. When I stood among the quiet homes of this unaspiring, unpoetical people, and marked how they have steadily and surely advanced from abject poverty to amplest competence; when I have observed how their patient but never-excessive toil has transformed rugged barrenness into smiling fertility and beauty, how could I refrain from thinking lightly of that dogmatism which asserts the impossibility of inducing men to labor except for their own selfish gratification ? ' Further comment in praise of this singular and honest people is unnecessary. I would only add, that during my sojourn among them I received the greatest kindness and most generous hospitality I ever received at the hands of any of my fellows, and I would further state, in reference to the female part of the society, that I can truly say, in their deportment they are indeed models of Christian women, and carry out to the letter the injunction of Peter, 3d chap., 3d and 4th verses. Since we made them a visit last winter the angel of death has visited them, and removed four of their members to the unseen world. Oliver Dewey died while we were there, and was buried Sunday. We attended and witnessed the obsequies. Like every thing they do, the funeral obsequies were conducted in an unimposing way, simply carrying out the example recorded Acts 8th, 2d. After the grave was filled the sisters and children covered the mound with floral wreaths and flowers. * * *