RELATION OF INTELLECT AND EMOTION O. C. HAMPTON In looking around us and into the general structure of the universe, the most palpable and obvious departments we can discover therein are the dual ones of male and female. The origin of these may be traced to the no less palpable principles of wisdom and love, a duality observable in all the dispensations of Divine Providence, and for aught we know to the contrary, a duality constituting the Infinite mind itself. This matter of duality receives amongst mankind the several names of positive and negative, active and passive, male and female, love and wisdom, discreting all things into a constant duality without any exception. Intellect and emotion in man are merely finite manifestations of the dual principles of wisdom and love, transmuted to the sublime offices of reason and religion in man. The first is necessary to develop, define, explain, to illustrate the character as well as necessity of discipline, self-government, church government, organization, order and regulations, necessary to the existence of a self-perpetuating community. The second is necessary to the development of the religious sentiment, together with all the Pentecostal gifts, inspirations, ministrations from the spirit world, proprieties, tongues, healings of disease, together with all sympathy for human suffering, going out of one's self to do good to others. Unless these principles of wisdom and love are equally and normally developed in the individual, his or her efforts to attain to spiritual perfection must necessarily be abortive. 218 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. An individual all intellect is a monster who needs regenerating to ever become normal. One who is all emotion is in the same degree abnormal, and needs reconstructing quite as well. The golden mean between these extremes is a well-balanced mind, under the influence of a thoughtful, serene and unostentatious wisdom, and at the same time so thoroughly imbued with love, good-will and sympathy toward others as to develop a high standard of social benevolence to all and without partiality. I often feel a solid concern, that I accordingly labor earnestly to resolve in myself this happy normal medium, in order to become as useful and highly beneficial to society as possible. Intellect relates to all matters within the domain of reason. Emotion relates to all those indescribably grand and important matters within the domain of religion and inspiration, often transcending the bounds of reason, but never necessarily contradicting her suggestions. Intellect enables us to search into all truth which can be discovered by logical research, experiment and analysis. Emotion presents to us the beauty of holiness, the peace of righteousness, love to each other, sympathy and tenderness toward the suffering, the glory and perfect splendor of purity, and often opens up a vista of sublimity and glory far-reaching even into the serenest recesses of heaven itself. And yet intellect and emotion are so perfectly correlated that one is in every way and under all circumstances necessary to the other, in the highest and most harmonious development of which humanity is capable. If one is so far overborne by the other that spontaneity in the direction of either is forestalled or annihilated, the abnormal results of mental and spiritual disaster and sorrow are sure to follow, and persistently continue until the normal equilibrium is restored. I found in my earlier experiences great need to strenuously watch and regulate these powers of intellect and emotion, and cultivate them with regard to something like a consistent balance. I found my emotions sometimes so far in the ascendant that I was in great danger of turning fool on my own hands and going into ecstacies beyond all bounds of consistency or propriety. At other times my intellect would become so positive and persistently concentrated upon some abstruse study or question, that I could not relinquish my grasp of it even in times of religious worship. I remember once of being so persistently beset with a problem in algebra that I could scarcely keep it out of my mind for a moment, even while at religious worship. Hereupon I shut my algebra and did not open it again for more than two years. By this means in similar cases I restored my normal condition of mind and gradually disciplined myself into a condition equally x-emoved from both intellectual and emotional extremes. We must be thoughtful upon this matter of healthy development of mind, or we may have to regret having spent a useless life among the Arctic icebergs of an intellectual North Pole, or in traversing an equatorial Sahara of emotional enthusiasm, neither of which will confer much happiness upon the individual, and still less blessing and benefit to the community. Union Village, 0.