Tonics for Fowls .— The best tonic is iron, a few drops of the tincture being mixed with the drinking water, or half a dozen rusty nails being thrown to the bottom of the drinking vessel. This is especially advisable during moulting. Cayenne pepper and asafcetida are good digestive stimulants, and also gentian. Ale is a good stimulant. In using cayenne pepper, be careful to buy a good article, and do not use too much of it at once, so as to disgust the fowls, nor continue the use of it long. Asafoetida, garlic and onions all have a good effect on the lungs and bronchia. Ginger will weaken the digestive organs if used too long. Charcoal (and you can economically use the little bits of charred wood that remain after every wood fire) is a good purifier of the digestive organs, as it absorbs fetid matter. It stimulates digestion. Furnish it in small pieces about the size of grains of corn ; they will swallow it when they need it, particularly if some in a powdered state has been previously added to their soft food to teach them. Sulphur is a very valuable drug to the poulterer, but should be used carefully in the case of young chicks, as many have been reported killed by its use externally, and apparently more often when it is used with lard. The fine powder has often caused blindness by getting into the chick's eyes. The flour of sulphur is often contaminated with oil of vitriol. To get this out wash your sulphur carefully in hot water, which does not dissolve the sulphur. To apply it to small chickens, sprinkle it from a dredging box and keep the chickens out of the wet for the next day. Persian insect powder is safer, however. Chicken Powder.— Four ounces each of copperas, cayenne, sulphur and resin ; powder all and mix ; two spoonsful for each dozen fowls several times weekly. Lime water.— Four ounces of lime and one gallon of water; slack the lime with a little water and pour on the rest. Cover and set aside for three hours, then pour off the clear liquid from the top and use the lime that is left when wanted.— Am. Poultry Yard.