MANNERS, MORALS AND PERSONALITIES DANIEL FRASER Morals grow out of the facts that each individual has a distinct personality, and a sphere of rights, as extensive and as well secured as those of any other personality. Morals are the trunk of the tree; manners the branches, twigs and leaves, extending from and overshadowing the trunk. Bad manners are evidence that there is a flaw in the morals. Whatever is injurious to others is immorality. Whatever acts are disagreeable to the feelings of others, or set aside the necessary little rules of life, are bad manners. Good morals and manners are fulfilled when justice and kindliness prevail. A harsh tone of voice, even in a just cause, is a moral disturbance. Social relationships are nicely balanced. Each stands in his or her own personality, ever sensitive how they are approached. This is right; and that there may be no rigidity, good manners allow in social intercourse a margin both ample and elastic; yet it is well not to go beyond, nor to strain the tension. In the Ten Commandments the Great Lawgiver took notice of the grosser forms of bad manners; the nicer distinctions of moral conduct are summed up in good manners. ' Love of the neighbor is the foundation of true politeness; to increase his or her happiness is angelic morality. The politeness of the natural man or woman is but a thin veneer over a nature common to the savage ; scratch deeply enough and the evidences thereof will be forthcoming. One of the worst forms of bad manners is to live on the labor of others, and to rule over them with an iron hand. Can devils do more than this ? Those who do so are very polite among themselves, and very sensitive of any encroachment upon their sphere of personalities. One of the great lessons of life — an every day one—is: 'There are other personalities in existence besides self, which have as good a right to exert their influence on us as we have on them.' Those of superior ability and who have power to comprehend others are not thereby entitled to intrude upon others, but the contrary. Even the personalities of animals are recognized : Thou shalt not muzzle the ox,' etc. Again: ' Six days he may labor, but on the seventh he shall rest.' Looking into the great book which creative wisdom and love have written, we find four grand divisions of animated existence. The radiate comes first, seemingly a mere elatinous disk floating with the current, THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 221 its personality almost expressionless, yet it lias an individuality. A step onward we come to the mollusk. There we find the oyster and the clam; each has a house of its own, open and shut their doors at will. Entering the order of articulates we find personalities of no mean importance. It swarms with interesting beings. The bee and the ant are there ; teachers of construe tion, of government, of social economy, of community of goods, of industry, of colonization and of devotion to the public good. The most important human problems are instinctively solved by these little creatures. As we enter the order of the vertebrates we find, from the tiny fish of the mountain streamlet to the whales of the ocean, from the humming bird to the eagle, from the unobtrusive mole to the stately yet unassuming elephant, and from these to man, who connects with spiritual beings, who inspire him to good or ill, just as he elects, all have a personality of their own. Even that of the perverse is recognized : ' Come let us reason together.' Happy day when men and women shall so reason and elect, intuitively decide to rise above the groveling emotions of their lower selfhoods, and claim relationships with angelic personalities. Creative wisdom and love have emphatically determined to stamp every sentient existence with a personality all its own ; and the more elevated the being the more intensified is that personality. It is written: 'The invisible things of God are clearly seen and known by the things that are made, even His eternal power and Godhead.' Therefore, our Eternal Father and Mother are personalities and the source of them. ' Let us make man in the likeness of OUR own personality.' Let us hear what the wise men of our day have to say of the spiritual duality of man. Agassiz and Sequard have no superiors in their specialities, and they state; ' There is a double set of mental powers in the human organism, or rather that act through the human organism; they are essentially different from each other. The one may be designated our ordinary conscious intelligence ; the other as a superior power associated with our better nature, suggests the right thing at the right time, and solves sometimes suddenly and unexpectedly, even in sleep, our perplexities and problems, acting through us without conscious action of our own.' Agassiz suggests that our daily habits, sensual or otherwise, may shut off or facilitate the action of this superior power. Being servants to whatever emotion, fixed thought or floating imagination we yield ourselves to, it will be well to unite only with those that speak of heaven, and breathe of an atmosphere higher and holier than those do which spring spontaneously from our lower selfhoods. We are intrusted with powers of a wider range than is generally supposed; we can create for ourselves and others heaven or its opposite. Also, we can create methods to intensify either. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.