LIBERALISM, SPIRITUALISM AND SHAKERISM F. W. EVANS Liberalism, what, is it ? Victor Hugo would say, Liberalism is Voltaire—is the French Revolution. I might say, Liberalism is Thomas Paine and Victor Hugo, who says, at Voltaire's centennial: ' With Voltaire a new cycle begins. The 18th century proposes, the 19th brings to pass. To-day war is indicted, force is violence. If to slay be a crime, to kill multitudes cannot be an extenuating circumstance. The Inquisition was murder by the church, war is murder by the State. Te Deums do not make a deed great, homicide is homicide, bloodshed is bloodshed. In the sight of the Eternal God the character of murder is not changed by putting on its head an emperor's crown.' Constantine was great — a great murderer, a fit representative of a Christianity when it (the sun) had become darkened, and of the state (the moon) which had been married to the church, and was turned into blood — into war. Voltaire, the infidel, confronted and confounded the monster — church and state — as a second Jesus, the Prince of Peace; he said, Let us dishonor war. There is no bloody 222 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. glory, no, no, it is not well to make corpses. ' He that taketh the sword shall perish with the sword,' said Jesus the first. ' Thou shalt not kill,' said Moses. Let us ask counsel of him (Voltaire) whose life was useful to man. It came to an end a hundred years ago. His work is immortal. As Spiritualists, let us ask ourselves if those other mighty thinkers, auxiliaries of glorious Voltaire, Jean Jaques, Diderot, Montesquieu, shall not speak —¦ utter forth— 'Stop shedding human blood—enough, priests and despots, enough ! ' Let us proclaim the right of man to life, the right of conscience to freedom, the sov ereignty of reason, the sacredness of labor, the blessedness of peace, and inasmuch as darkness issues from the pulpits and thrones, let light shine forth from the tombs — from the spirit world. The vision of John is a map — a chart of the history of the church, from the first to the second appearing of Christ. The primitive Christian church was peace and good will to humanity. The Mosaic law was cooperation. The Pentecostal church was communism, the law was holy and good. It taught abstract, absolute truth respecting physiology, health, property, the land and its products, and also of woman, the relation of the sexes. In the wilderness for forty years, a whole generation, they lived on manna, did not kill, did not eat corpses as food. As a consequence it was declared, as a church dogma, ' The Lord your God shall take all sickness away from amongst you.' The land was held in common. An article of church faith was, ' The land is mine, saith the Lord.' The people held it only as tenants, and the most undone man or woman in Judea held an inheritance in the Land of Promise. Another article of faith was the law of nature that pervades all ranks of being, except man — commerce of the sexes for offspring only—and no murders. Thus was the law glorious in those fundamental principles of human existence. Yet, as compared with the Primitive church, it was no longer glorious, by reason of the glory that excelleth in respect to all of these principles. The Last Supper — the Sacrament, typical of the Lord's spiritual body, or church, when Christ should come the second time, to restore spribual Israel, the true Israel, daily bread — shew bread—should be the staff of life of the saints in the kingdom of heaven upon earth. In that kingdom, instead of the God of the Jews —- a bloody God — should be the Christ spirit, making -peace by removing all the causes of war, in the diet, in property and in the sexual relations of the least in the kingdom of heaven, who would still be superior to John, the greatest born of woman under the Mosaic law. As killing animals leads to murder, so does the possession of land and its products, under the law, feed or keep alive selfhood. Therefore, Primitive Christians sold their individuality, private possessions and had all things common, none saying this is mine. Communism was the law of Christianity to preserve health ; a vegetarian diet was a law. And inasmuch as the law of the sexes did not make the comer thereunto perfect, but condemned as sinful the most perfect commerce of the sexes — perfected generation — ceMbacy was proclaimed as the corner stone of the Temple of God in the new creation. A virgin life, common property, peace and the sanctification of labor. He or she who will not work, neither shall he or she eat, and he or she who would be great among you let him or her be your servant. But now the question arises, what have we had under the name of the Christian church for the last 1800 years 1 For an answer let us look to our chart. Turning back to that we see very plainly a spurious article, labeled Christianity, has been foisted upon mankind, just as the Spirit saw and predicted. Rev. 17, verses 1 to 7, as follows: ' 1. And there came one of the seven angels which had the seven vials, and talked with me, saying unto me, Come hither ; I will shew unto thee the judgment of the great whore that sitteth upon many waters; ' 2. With whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication, and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication. ' 3. So he carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness; and I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet coloured beast, full of names THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 223 of blasphemy, having seven heads and ten horns. '4. And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication : ' 5. And upon her forehead was a name written mystery ' Babylon the Great' and mother of harlots and abominations of the earth. ' 6. And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus; and when I saw her I wondered with great admiration. ' 7. And the angel said unto me, Wherefore didst thou marvel ? I will tell thee the mystery of the woman, and of the beast that carrieth her, which hath the seven heads and ten horns.' If we assume the truth of the vision, are we not compelled to accept just one conclusion, to wit, Christendom is Babylon ? Is not mystery stamped upon all the orthodox creeds? Do they not, one and all, demand belief by authority, not as the result of evidence ? Is not reason blasphemed and tabooed? Faith — blind aquiescence—expected of all? And when the Beast '• was' — when it possessed the civil power — the whore was drunk with the blood of saints and martyrs — reformers, philosophers and rationalists. The Crusaders cost 5,000,000 lives — seven distinct expeditions. Lecky says the transubstantiation controversy cost 300,000 or 400,000, the image controversy 50,000, the St. Bartholomew massacre 40,000, Charles 5th 50,000, the Spauisli inquisition 50,000. As Baxter says, Blood, blood, blood, on every page of church history (verse 16). '' The ten hoi*ns which thou sawest upon the beast, these hate the whore, and shall make her desolate and naked, and shall eat her flesh and burn her with fire, for God hath put it into their hearts to fulfill His will and to agree and give their power unto the beasts.' Voltaire and his companions, Thomas Paine and Jacques, Jefferson and his followers, produced the American Revolution, severing church and state, being the fruit of the French revolution. Is there any question that the French infidels — horns — hated the Babylon church and state system ? Or that it was the French revolution, in which Thomas Paine was mixed up, that began to break up the kingdom of the beast with seven heads, Catholicism, the Greek church, Calvinism, Lutheranism, Episcopalianism, Methodism, Presbyterianism and the kingdom of the image of the beast, Protestantism? Voltaire caused the torture of witnesses to be abolished in France. Monarchy was overthrown by the revolution, never to recover its former power. Then came the American revolution—independence. Republican principles began to grow, being engrafted in the American Constitution. Already, in the separation of church and state, much progress has been made. Primogeniture has been discontinued. Slavery is abolished. Public lands are given away. Homesteads can be made inalienable, and soon women will be made citizens. This will prepare the way for the beating of swords into ploughshares and spears into pruning hooks, for the abolition of all national wars, and a more perfect separation of church and state than now exists. Ann Lee and her companions founded, by the spirit, the new heavens—a new spiritual order. Voltaire, Thomas Paine and fellow infidels founded, by the spirit, the new earth — a new natural order, wherein shall dwell righteousness. This is the rela tion between liberalism, spiritualism and American Shakerism. The kingdoms of this world will become true republics, and Shaker societies will hold in check the principle of population. MYSTERY WRITTEN ON HER FOREHEAD. The Trinity is a mystery. How we could have a Father and Son where there was no Mother in the family. The omniscience, omnipotence and omnipresence of God are mysteries. Foreknowledge, foreordination and decrees of predestination are grand mysteries. Edwards' theology is a mystery. The justice of God, compelling Him to be an unrelenting tyrant, and to kill His own Son to 224 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. satisfy His infinite sense of right, is infinite nonsense. The physical resurrection is a mystery that cannot be solved by any thing but thou slialt believe. Damning people because you cannot convince them is a very mysterious dispensation. Christian warfare is a mystery to all who read the sayings of Jesus with their unclouded reason in operation. The Inquisition is a mystery beyond human comprehension. Te Deums and Auto de fes are more suggestive of hell than of heaven. In the late expulsion of the Jesuits, when M. Clement was about to affix the red seal of the police on the door of the Jesuit temple, FatherPitau said: ' If you do that you will incur the penalty of major excommuni cation. God, in the sacred host, is lying upon the altar. Perversity could not surely be pushed to the extremity of making His Divine Majesty (God) a prisoner ! ' When the official did his duty a wail of sorrow and impotent anger went up from deputies, senators, ex-ministers of the empire and the Duke de Broglie. Said one : ' Fie upon you, you are about to imprison our God.'