HAS JESUS ANY FOLLOWERS? HERVY L. EADS [reply to jamieson.] ' ' BY This question is asked with a flourish of trumpets, by one Jamieson, in his closing1 critique of the character and sayings of Jesus Christ. The announcement that the end has come will doubtless give relief to some. I have concluded, however, not to let the matter die without answering his important question that heads this article. I now respond in the affirmative, with as much emphasis as he has in the negative. Fjvery man or woman who takes Jesus Christ for an exemplar-lives His life— brings him or herself into the conditions He prescribes, as far as he or she is able — is emphatically an adherent and follower of Christ. It is, however, thought by our critic to be impossible to follow him and obey His teachings in consequence of their absurd and contradictory' character, and wrong to do so in consequence of their immoral tendency. Besides, he says, ' no man can represent all truth, ' and he wants the universe for ^his fountain from which to draw his portion. Novv,-he who best repre- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 225 sents the attributes of Deity best represents truth; for God is truth. This, Christ did better than all the universe beside, so far as we have knowledge, which His own biography, if true, fully substantiates. The spiritual truth of the universe may be said to have been focalized in Him; while truths pertaining to mere matter were more or less ignored. In ascertaining that His teachings were absurd and immoral, it would, at least, have been commendable in the asserter to have added this clause: ' If I am able to comprehend and understand them.' This much modesty would have revealed a deeper vein of thought than is otherwise exhibited in his productions, and would have shown a due respect to minds equal to his own, that might chance to differ from him. To my mind, his articles all show a great want of ability to comprehend the true meaning of the texts and sayings quoted by him. 'What seems to him a 'perfect muddle,' is to others, of equal learning and culture, a harmonious and consistent whole. If I am able to understand our critic, I find many of his assertions without foundation, and some I think, untrue. The assertion that ' but few of Christ's teachings were of importance, and these few came from the heathen,' he must have known to be groundless, unless he has had access to heathen productions not accessible to the common public. Besides, of the few that are found in heathen works can he be quite sure that they were not interpolations by interested parties from Christ ? Assertion is one thing, proof is another. It seems presumptuous to assert that Christ has no followers, because the critic thinks it impossible. I profess to be one of the followers of Christ, as I understand Him, but not as Jamieson does. It is not his prerogative to dispute my claim until he shall have proven my understanding to be wrong and his right; and this he might find a task not easily performed. 'The natural man,' says Paul, ' receiveth not the things of the spirit of God, for they are foolishness to him ; neither can he know them because they are spiritually discerned.' — (1 Cor., chap. 2, 5, 14.) Our critic seems to be of the class here referred to, as he is able to see little else than foolishness in Christ's teachings. He will pardon our classifying him. But in regard to the contradictory character of Jesus' teachings, I fear not to affirm that by comparison and a rational exegesis the contradictory features will mostly, if not all, disappear. Allow me to take one of his most prominent examples, and one of the most difficult to reconcile. Christ teaches us to love all, hate none, honor parents, to do good for evil, even to bless our persecutors and love our enemies. It is thought His commanding or making it a condition of discipleship, and consequent happiness, that the husband and wife, and partial relations, must not only be forsaken but hated, is contravening the direct command t« love all; and hence our critic avers, if we take one position, it is impossible to take the other. I must be excused for taking a different view. That they do not antagonize, and that they are all in support of the pure, sweet, loving and unselfish life which the blessed man taught and practiced during His earthly pilgrimage, I shall proceed to show. It is well known that Christ was a Celibate, Spiritualist and Communist, possessing a heart overflowing with the milk of human kindness, charity and love for humanity ; and who taught that whatever antagonized with these should be hated and forsaken. Now, selfhood and selfish property must exist in the pro-creative and generative world, all of which are at variance with the equal spiritual communism of Christ, and consequently must be forsaken in coming into the Christlife. The husband and wife who may desire to come into Christ's spiritual community would at once perceive that the relation of husband and wife, private property and generation were incompatible with the Christ-life conditions, and must be forsaken. The woman could not very consistently say to her husband : ' 1 love you, William ; but the husband of it I despise — that is what has brought on ' all our woes;' and now if you will permit me to hate the husband and allow me to remain your sister in Christ, I will love and respect the brother better and more than ever I did the husband.' The husband could consistently 226 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. say the same to the wife, and love the sister while hating the wife. Hence it is clear that the wife and husband may be hated, according to the command of Christ, while all mankind are loved. Thus this stumbling paradox is found to be no contradiction at all; and thus it is with all our critic has set before us. He complains, and says Christ ' commands us to cultivate poverty in order- to secure bliss,' and adds, ' let him keep his bliss.' I will certainly be enlightened if he will point out a single instance in the history of the world where riches have produced bliss. Riches and bliss are incompatible with each other. I would almost go as far as a certain great telacher who said: ' Every rich man is either himself dishonest or the son of dishonest parents;' and dishonesty and bliss cannot occupy the same berth. Solomon's experiment might satisfy any one on this point. He says: ' I made me great works, buildedme houses, planted vineyards, made pools of water, got me servants and maidens and greater possessions than all that were before me. Whatsoever mine eyes desired I kept not from them. I withheld not my heart from any joy, etc., and behold all was vanity and vexation of spirit.' All men naturally would do the same if they could, and find the same result. Thus we see that there is nothing in riches to satisfy the spirit. Natural riches can satisfy in some measure the natural desires of the animal body ; but it takes spiritual riches to satisfy the immortal or spiritual man and woman. Our critic, after placing Christ below the heathen, tells what He (Christ) would have done had He been equal with some of them. He says if Christ had been sensible, He would not have requested others to follow Him, but, instead, would simply have enjoined on all— ' Be thyself.' He consoles himself however 'thus :' ' There is none to do Jesus honor, none whose common sense will permit him to keep His sayings. No one believes on Jesus! None follow Him ! ' Now, I would just here beg him to make one or two exceptions, if he pleases. We will admit that we do not follow Him as friend Jamieson understands Him; but we do follow Him as we understand Him. Hence, I here confront him by asserting that there are still some to ' do Jesus honor,' ' whose common sense permits them to keep His sayings,' ' who believe on Him and follow Him.' So, right here, we and our critic are at swords' points. If he sustains himself in the position assumed, he must show that we are not Christ's followers by putting his finger on facts. But before I close, at the risk of being thought invidious, I would beg leave to institute a short comparison between the wisdom of what Christ did and the wisdom of doing what our critic says He should have done. Christ's doctrine carried out in His life, was to love and do good to all ; boundless in forgiving charity unto death, from the prostitute to the thief on the cross. Such love hath no man ever had, and such a life was never before exhibited. But now for the application of our critic's wisdom — ' Be thyself ;' Gambler be thyself; drunkard, be thyself; thief, be thyself; master, be thyself; slave, be thyself ; whoremonger, be thyself; prostitute, be thyself — don't listen to Jesus' advice.' go and sin no more;' ravisher, be thyself; ravished,be thyself — don't cry, because lie was being himself. Thus we see what a world J. would have — passion let loose with no restraining influence— who would wish to be a denizen thereof ? His doctrine, carried out, would make a world of devils incarnate, instead of saints. But Jesus, the ' Blessed Jesus,' has followers.