Home Topics Rubber Cement — The following recipe for making cement for shoes is said to be reliable:— Gutta percha, -§• oz.; bi-sulphuret carbon, 2 oz. In a wide-mouth bottle put the two together, and shake occasionally until the gutta percha is dissolved, and it is ready for use. Directions.—Where the patch is to be applied, scrape the boot or shoe until the blacking is off, and the leather is a little rough. On this dust with fine rosin, minutest quantity ; serve the patch the same way. Then spread a little of the cement on both the shoe and the patch, first having shaved the edges of the patch. Apply like court plaster, and smooth with a warm spoon or iron, and the shoe will soon be ready to wear. A few hours will harden the cement. When properly done, the patch will be invisible, and will last as long as the shoe. This cement is water-proof. The gutta percha, shaved to thin slices, is kept in india rubber stofes for the above purpose. Ten cents' worth will do the work of a family for a longtime. The bi-sulphuret of carbon is sold by druggists, and will cost five or ten cents an ounce. The smell, which is offensive, soon passes off. Warts — A Correspondent says— '• I had no less than twenty large warts on my hands and several small ones. I applied a common Irish potato, cutting it in two, and applying the juice over each wart two or three times a day. Mine have all disappeared, and I thought the remedy worth publishing.'' Felons — It is said that the painful sore finger known as the felon may be effectually cured in three hours, with a poultice of the size of a small bean, made of quick lime slacked with soap, bound on the spot, and renewed every half hour. Styptic — Bleeding from a wound, on man or beast, may be stopped by a mixture of wheat flour and common salt, in equal parts bound on with a cloth. If the bleeding be profuse, use a large quantity, say from one to three pints. It may be left on for hours, or even days if necessary. The Air in Bedrooms — As to tests, we are glad to see that a scientific lecturer has reminded people that nature gave them their noses to use, and he advises them to employ this picket-guard of the body to see if the air of their bedrooms is right. ' When you get up,' he says, 'leave your bedroom just as it was ; go out into the pure morning air and breathe that till your nose is wide awake, then go back and take a few snuffs of your bedroom air ; if it smells fresh and sweet, like out.door air, you have good ventilation, and have breathed the breath of life all the night.' If on the contrary it smells close, musty, ' thick,' sickening, your nose will have told you what your sense ought to have made clear without the test. Another test.— If you desire a killing proof of the impurity of air that has been once breathed, hang up a canary bird in a cage at the top of a closely curtained bedstead, and if the bed is occupied, the bird will be dead in the morning.