UNSUSPECTED DEVILS O. C. HAMPTON In my pilgrimage to the higher life, and especially after I had made some considerable headway against my lower animal nature, and stood in a measure of peaceful victory over my meaner, baser proclivities, I was amazed to find a host of other devils ready to demand my allegiance, and, what was still less reassuring, I noticed that many whom I knew had traveled much farther in the self-denial to the grosser qualities of our common nature than I had, were still very much under the influence of lesser evils or little foxes that were most ruinous to the vines in the new vineyard of the Lord. So sorrowfully prevalent did I find these conditions to obtain, both in my own experience and the observations I made upon others, that I gradually began to suspect that, through a kind of transmutation, we had merely stopped the growth of inferior proclivities in one direction to let them crop out with greater vigor in another ; and that in regard to our actual spiritual status we were to some extent deceived, and were not so far along, as we had supposed, in our heavenly pilgrimage. The more I examined myself, and the more I observed in others, the more I became impressed that this unfortunate transmutation was a possibility — nay more, a fact. Our rudimental condition seems to present so many modifications of downward tendency, and we possess such a perversed and persistent disposition to allow them, and such a repugnance to rising out of them, that no sdoner do we commence a war of extermination against any particular adversary than we begin to cultivate a partiality for some other obscure devil we had scarcely noticed before to make up for our loss. ( For many big and little devils Dangle on the wicked tree (of lower Tendencies) ; And man is sunk to lower levels Than he suspects himself to be.' No sooner is man a little elevated above his ordinary rudimentary sins and shams, than he is immediately ready to say to his 246 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. an end to all peace, and nearly a total loss to the Church at least, if not to the individual of nearly all that was gained in other directions. ' For, if I cannot be forgiving, But must hold a hateful grudge, Against another, dead or living, My religion's all a fudge. No deception can be greater, More than all things else I say ; Thus allows a carnal nature, Room to work another way.' ' Finally, the wisdom that is from above is First pure and then peaceable, Gentle and easy to be entreated ; Full of mercy and good fruits, without Wrangling and without partiality.' And it should be a matter of solid concern with each Zion traveler that ' the whole body of the sins of th# flesh be, though gradually yet persistently eliminated from the character, and not that some unsuspected and utterly blighting and destructive qualities be left to grow into confirmed habits, till age paralyzes all the powers and energies of soul and body, and leaves us under the ine vitable necessity of giving constant pain to all around us ; and finally carrying these dreadful conditions with us to a world where they cannot be tolerated; but where the fearful retribution of solitary confinement will hold us in its sinister grip, until ay deep sufferings and repentance we have ' thoroughly purged our floors, gathered our good wheat into garners, and burned up the chaff with unquenchable fire.' Union Village, O.