OUR DAILY RECKONING If we sit down at set of sun, And count the things that we have done And counting find One self-denying act, one word That eased the heart of him who heard, One glance most kind That fell like sunshine where it went, Then we may count the day well spent. But if through all the live-long day We've eased no heart by yea or nay ; If through it all We've nothing done that we can trace, That brought the sunshine to a face ; No act, most small, That helped some soul, and noting cost, Then count the day as worse than lost. fellow traveler a few steps behind him : ' Stand thou there, for I am holier than thou.' Here his lower lusts are being right away transmuted to selfrigMeousness; a thing he might never 'have suspected himself of, while estimating himself as little better than an animal from the prevalence and immanence of ;his baser proclivities. In a vast number of ways, as plainly as in that above stated, is man in danger of this fatal incubus upon his spiritual energies, and the self-deception of supposing himself to be in a fruitful travel, when he is only playing a losing game of bo-peep with himself. ' When we would walk a little straighter, And for some special victory pray, We're apt to give our carnal nature, Room to work another way.' Anger, intemperance, impatience, unfor- ' giveness, revenge, and a thousand other • hateful qualities seem to stand ready to '' claim that indulgence we fhave denied to ] ' the flesh with the affections and lusts.' ' ' But to hate the flesh and let my temper Have the upper hand of me, ' Or to wear a fretful simper, ( When I ought to pleasant be ; j I must discover soon or later, Think about it as I may, Only gives a carnal nature, A Room to work another way.' I One man I have in my mind consoled T himself under the pressure of other sacrifices that, at least, ' he could eat all he pleased.' p ' But stupid stuffing is not travel; Eating, drinking to excess, Nothing better suits the devil, Than to see such work as this. ' Well he knows that such flesh haters, Cannot make the business pay, While they give their carnal natures Room to work another way.' Here follows another case of transmutation : ' If I cannot be obedient To the order every day, But must deem it more expedient Have the time to have my way; Here I evidently falter; And in vain I preach and pray; My old nature's slipped the halter, And has sloped another way.' But when the metastasis presents symptons of unforgiveness, and settled moroseness, then the case is lamentable, for here is