THE FOUNDER OF THE FIRST COMMUNITY Granville T. Sproat A Brief Sketch of Pythagoras, the celebrated Grecian Philosopher. . Judging from the record of ancient history, the first community was founded by Pythagoras, the celebrated Grecian Philosopher, who lived some six centuries before Jesus; or two thousand, four hundred and ninetyfour years ago. The place of his birth was Samos, a beautiful island in the Mediteranean sea. It was the custom in those days for the people to consult the oracle or prophet, at Delphi, concerning their future history, and that of their families and nation. The father of Pythagoras consulted the oracle with reference to his son. The answer was this : ' He shall surpass, in beauty and wisdom, all that ever lived; and shall be of the greatest advantage to the human race in every thing pertaining to the life of man.' When Pythagoras was about eighteen years old, he started for Egypt, to learn wisdom from the Egyptians. A remarkable story is told of his voyage thither. He went on board a vessel bound for Egypt. The crew were expecting a stormj' passage. But to their surprise, it was uncommonly calm and prosperous. They had heard much of Pythagoras, and they attributed to him, the remarkable weather that had blessed them on their voyage. His appearance, too, and conversation, had impressed them, so that they looked upon him as a superior being. They gave him a place among their Gods. They worshiped him. At the close of the voyage, they took him and bore him from the vessel to the shore, and built an altar, and made an offering to him of such fruits, and other precious things, as they had brought with them from their Grecian home. They then left him to pursue his journey to the land of the Pharaohs. Pythagoras, on his journey to Egypt, stopped at Sidon, and became acquainted with the disciples of Mochus, the famous physiologist. Through their instructions he completely changed his dietetic system. He would eat only vegetable food. He rejected all animal food, as stimulating to the animal nature. He believed in the effect of a simple and proper regimen on the development and action of the soul; of the necessity of temperance and simplicity, in living to the health and purification of the spirit. ' The foundation of all religion and virtue,' said he, 'rests here;' and Pythagoras, regarding it as degrading for a man of piety to live to gratify the palate, and pamper the body, employed only those articles of food as had no disturbing influences on the spiritual natureBeans, though a vegetable, Pythagoras re- 244 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. jected and classed them, in their effects, with animal food. Pythagoras remained in Egypt twenty-two years, in pursuit of divine wisdom. From thence he was taken by the soldiers of Cambyses, and carried captive to Babylon. There he formed a friendship with the Magi, and received instruction in the ancient learning of the Babylonians. He cultivated music*, mathematicsf, and astronomy^:; and stored his mind with the wisdom of the Chaldean sages. On his return to Samos, Pythagoras established his famous school, or circle, known as the ' Circle of Pythagoras.' But the people of his native island were dull scholars in Pythagorean philosophy; and he left them, and journeyed into Italy; and there formed the first community of which we have any record. He had many followers, amounting it is said to six hundred, who were not only excited by his discourses to the study of philosophy, but to an amicable division of the goods of life in common; from whence they were called Ocenobitce (people living in common). Here are some of the rules and resolutions of the community which Pythagoras, at that time, established. 1. We will cut off, by all possible means, as by fire and by sword, all that fosters disease in the body. 2. We will cut off all that hinders the soul in its progress towards perfection. 3. We will cut off all that causes dissension and disunion in the community. 4. We will never rebuke a servant in anger, or until we can do it with a gentle and quiet spirit. 5. We will never return evil for evil, be* Pythagoras invented an instrument to measure niusical intervals; thus using the influence of divine harmony as a spiritual medium to elevate and educate the soul. + Pythagoras was the father of Mathematics and Geometry; and all remember the wild delight with which he was transported, on solving the problem that the square of the hypothenuse, in a right angle triangle, is equal to the square of both sides. $ It is an historical fact that the Copernican theory is but a revival of the system of Pythagoras, and that, so many centuries before the Christian Era, he taught that the earth was round, and that the earth and planets revolved around their centre sun. lievmg it to be more holy to be injured, than to injure any living thing. 6. We will do all this, because it brings us into closer communion with the Gods. Like the Hebrew Samson, Pythagoras would never suffer a razor to be put upon his head or face. Hence he was called by many,' The long haired Samaian.' Of his power over the brute creation, many stories, doubtless some of them myths, are told. Meeting the Daunian bear that had done much injury to the inhabitants, it is said, that 'having stroked it with his hand a long time, he fed it with maize and acorns, and compelled it, by an oath, never after to touch any living thing. The bear immediately went and hid himself in the mountain and never after injured man or beast.' Seeing an ox in a pasture, eating green beans, he advised the herdsman to tell the ox not to eat beans. The herdsman laughed, and said 'he did not understand the language of oxen; if Pythagoras did, he had better speak to him.' Pythagoras went and whispered into the ear of the ox, and he was never known to taste of beans afterward. Hence he was called the ' Sacred Ox of Pythagoras.' His disciples believed that he had the same power, as the fabled Orpheus, over animals ; and could magnetize them by the power of his voice. Of his spiritual vision many things are told. On seeing a ship at sea, with a prosperous wind, he foretold its shipwreck, which actually occurred. He predicted an earthquake in Sicily, which took place. Such was his power over animals that he could take up any poisonous thing, and not be injured. In Tyrrinia, he took in his hands a small serpent, or viper, whose bite was fatal, and received no harm. His disciples believed that he had the same power as Jesus in calming the seas; and once did it, that his followers might reach the shore in safety. Many other wonderful things are related of him; such as being in two places, many miles apart, at the same time — his spiritual body in one of the places; his physical body in the other. Like Swedenborg, and Paul, and John, he ascended into the heavens, and saw and THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 245 heard wonderful things, too great for man to utter. But it was in his divine system of philosophy, that Pythagoras excelled all who had ever lived before him. ' Sano mens in sano corpore '— a sound mind in a sound body, was his motto. The necessity of a pure and simple diet to the serenity, health, and happiness of the soul, was always faithfully inculcated by this divine philosopher. 'To be like the Gods, we must live like the Gods,' he said ; ' and avoid all things that disturb the serenity of the spirit.'' Such is a brief history of the great and good Pythagoras, one of the most famous of the philosophers of antiquity ; who lived five hundred and eighty-six years before Jesus was born. Pythagoras taught the ''music of the spheres.' This music of the spheres has been considered an idea altogether fanciful; but the immortal Kepler applied the Pythagorean theory of numbers, and musical intervals, to the distances of the planets; and a long time after, Newton discovered and acknowledged the importance of the application. ' The planets dance before Jehovah ; and music is the echo of their motions.' Canaan, N. Y.