THE CHRISTIAN'S GOD AND CHRIST Giles B. Avery An address Delivered at Alfred, Me., Aug., 29th, 1880, by . Laying aside the bias of Creeds, the prejudices of denominational influences which divide and sub-divide society; ofttimes engendering strife, contention and hatred among friends, we hope that all are met on the level of love of brotherly and sisterly kindness to seek after truth, and to seek it from any and every source from which we may obtain it. A Creed is not a religion! We live in an age of marvelous revolutions, a time in wThich the human mind is more actively seeking after truth than ever before; when all principles of philosophy, science, art and religion are being canvassed as never before, in the history of our race. ' Gerald Massey,' the great Spiritualist of our age, has truly said: ' Creeds, Empires, systems, rot with age, But the great people's ever youthful; And it shall write our future's page, To our humanity more truthful; The gnarliest heart hath tender cords, To waken at the name of brother ; And time comes, when brain scorpion words. We shall not speak to sting each other.' A writer has said: ' Creeds are the stones with which so called Christians build church walls of separation between each other to divide the brotherhood and sisterhood of humanity and engender hatred and strife.' The whole world is out of the simple course of truth; as it were, up side down, and we propose to commence our discourse making our initiatory text a finality. ' Finally, my brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever 'things are honest, whatsoever tilings are just, whatsoever tilings are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report, if there be any virtue, if there be any praise, let us think on these things.' Phil, iv, 8th. We make our quotations from the Bible ; but we take this text as authority. We live in an age when our Bible, by some classes of society, is much vilified, and set at naught, ridiculed, disregarded and many of those who do so boast of morality, virtue, and of their fidelity, yet perhaps many of those persons do not consider how much they owe for this character to their good Christian mothers and fathers who tutored their young lives and instilled therein many principles of the Christian religion ! All civilized nations have their Bibles, even those whom wTe sometimes look upon as heathen ; the Hindoos, and others, some of them hav«, for a Bible, fourteen or fifteen volumes, either of which is larger than our great Bible. In becoming infidel to our Bible, as a whole, there is a danger of becoming infidel to the truth, to God ! As we quote therefrom we would here present our view of the Bible. A stranger once accosted the speaker, holding up the Bible by its two covers between his fingers ; said he, ' Do you not believe that every syllable between these two covers is the inspired word of God ? ' We replied, so far from believing that every syllable between these two lids is 248 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. the ward of God, we do not believe even one of its syllables is the word of God! Dear friends, do not be startled! We are not infidels to God and truth nor to the Bible ! This Bible tells us that ' The word of God is sharp and powerful, piercing, to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joint and marrow and is a discerner, of the thoughts and intents of the heart.' Now do the words in this Bible do this ? We all know they do not ! The word of God is an inspiration of soul life, a baptism of truth! The Bible is a record, more or less faithful; some of it is a record of the word of God; some of it a record of the word of holy angels : some of it a record of the words of holy men, while other portions of it are a record of the evil deeds of some of the basest men the world ever knew, and ought to have been burned a thousand years ago, as its influence, of these things, is a false guide — a great injury to the morals and religion of the present generation. We deprecate the present practice of our country, and others, of publishing all the vices and crimes of society; and the devices with which much crime is committed ; it teaches the rising generation how to do evil; for we are all creatures of influences, more or less affected by ail we read, hear and see. Robert Owen declared man to be solely the creature of circumstances, and, of course, witliout accountability ; but this is not the fact ; where there is ability, there is attachable accountability, and that justly. But ' We are come unto Mount Zion, and unto the city of the living God.' Mark this, 'the living God.' ' Te the heavenly Jerusalem, and to an innumerable company of angels ; to the general assembly and church of the first born, which are enrolled in heaven, and to the spirits of just men made perfect, and to Jesus, the mediator of the New Covenant, and to God, the Judge of all.''— Heb., XII, 22d, 23d, 24th. Indeed, we are come to the day of judgment. The peculiar characteristic of the kingdom of Christ is ' the day of judgment,' and the ' end of the world.' ' Now is the judgment of this world; now shall the prince of this world be cast out.' This was the watchword of Christ's second coming. ' In this the children of God are manifest, and the children of the devil; whosoever doeth not righteousness is not of God, neither he that loveth not his brother.' These things ' are of good report, let us think on these things.' Our God is a living God, a God of love; but the God character manifest to mankind has widely differed, in different ages; the race has been progressing in knowledge, and with this progress there has been a change of the idea of God. Jesus spake many things to his hearers in parables, because they were not able at that time to bear the plain truth. One of these we wish here to quote : 'A certain householder planted a vineyard, and set a hedge about it, and digged a wine fat, and built a tower, and let it out to husbandmen, and went into a far country. And when the time for fruit drew near he sent his servants that he might have of the fruit of the vineyard, and the husbandmen beat his servants; and beat one, killed another, and stoned another. Again lie sent other servants more than the first, and they did unto them likewise ; but, last of all, he sent unto them his son, saying, ' They will reverence my son.'' But when the husbandmen saw the son, they said among themselves, this is the heir, come, let us kill him, and let us seize on the inheritance ; and they caught him, and cast him out of the vineyard, and slew him. When, therefore, the Lord of the vineyard cometh, what will he do unto these husbandmen ? They say unto him, he will miserably destroy those wicked men, and let out his vineyard to others, who shall render him their fruits in their season. 'Jesus said unto them, did you never read in the Scriptures, ' The stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the corner ?' This is the Lord's doing, and it becomes marvelous in our eyes.' This parable refers to those mediators, or vice-gerents of God, who, from Noah to Moses, from Moses to Christ, down through the ages, have been baptized with the spirit of the Lord, to communicate to man for his evolution and development o higher spheres of life. This householder is God; this Son, Jesus Christ, whom the husbandmen so wickedly slew, then under;ook to seize upon the church of Christ, his THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. 249 vineyard, and to appropriate its fruits to themselves. Now, these husbandmen — the professed Christians of the fourth century, at the time of the inauguration of the Nicenian Creed— made a decree that this son of God—Jesus— whom their predecessors (the wicked Jews, as they called them) slew, is very God / One of a holy Trinity of Gods — consisting of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost — three male Gods in One God! and the Son as old as his Father, and older than his Mother ! What an idea of God ! What a monstrosity ! What pure philosophy could conceive of such a being? Then having lost the true baptism of the Holy Ghost, this fallen church substitutes for it the water baptism of John's dispensation, which was simply the introduction to the baptism of the Holy Spirit; and losing thereafter the spirit and life of this baptism, which required the confession and repentance of sins, both physical and spiritual, they then resorted to the animal blood of Jesus, and introduced a baptismal dispensation of this, for the remission of sins — a baptism of blood ! the blood of Jesus, the innocent 'Lamb of God.' The second God of their Trinity, to satisfy the revenge and vengeance of the Father God, for the sins of his creature man ! Thus vesting this God with the worst of human passions. The Nicenian Creed runs thus : ' That Jesus died for our sins is a doctrine much to be desired, and very full of comfort to the true believer.' What a Father God ! How cruel ! How unjust ! What a base idea of God, the character of whom would be an unjust element of humanity ! But Watts fitly describes it, when he characterizes it in the following verse : ' Rich were, the drops of Jesus' blood, that calmed his frowning face; That sprinkled o'er a burning throne, and turned his wrath to grace.' Of this a Shaker poet hath said, and truthfully; ' Eternal wisdom never planned, A heresy so dark and damned.' At the same time these believers in Jesus as God, and his death as necessary for man's reconciliation with the Father God, look upon the Jews as wicked for killing him. A writer of the Shaker Church of our day has justly remarked: ' If it was God the Father's will that Jesus should be killed, that his. physical blood might wash away the sins of mankind, then the Jews, instead of doing a wicked act in killing Jesus, were simply doing the will of God ; and instead of being vilified, they should be canonized as saints.' These vicarious atonement Believers, having a bloody God, of course have a bloody religion ! Like God, like priest, and like people! The poet Milton fitly describes their influence thus: ' The mind and conduct mutually imprint, And stamp their image in each other's mint; Each sire and dam of an infernal race, Begetting and conceiving all that's base. Thus men go wrong with an ingenious skill, Bend the straightway to their own crooked will, And with a clear and burning lamp supplied, First put it out, then, take it for a guide.' Thus has the professed Christian world done relative to the precepts of Christ. They first call the baptized Jesus, God, then have him killed for their ransom; then worship him. Watts thus sings this characteristic creed• ' Well might the sun in darkness hide, and shut his glory in, When Christ — the Mighty Maker died, for man, the creature's sin.' Thus having a dead God, Christ and Holy Ghost; for the Creed says, ' these three are One,' it follows, as a consequence, a dead religion, without the power of salvation from sin, without the inspirations of the Holy Spirit! Only think of it; what a mystery of Babylon. Among all of the denomination of religionists calling themselves Christian, not one among them all, if we mistake not; except the Quakers and Shakers, but ignore spiritualism! Whereas, spirituality is the very foundation and life of the Christian church, and the pristine state of humanity was a life in communion with the angelic hosts. But, what is the character of this vaunted Christianity of our nation? Is it not reproached by the life character of some nations we are accustomed to look upon as heathen? Dr. Malcam, Baptist missionary 250 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. to Burmah, tells us the Buddhists have abol ished all sacrifices of life and blood, auc their altars are now crowned with leaves anc flowers. That they have such care for al' life that when he came to a zayat (saloon) and stopped to rest, presently a woman came and brought him a nice mat to sit on ; soon another came and brought him a glass of cool water, and very soon a man came and brought him a half dozen oranges; but none of these persons seemed to think of soliciting pay! Compare this with the history of our so called Christianity whose theology, aye and so called Christian practices, abound in bloody sacrifices, and whose conquering power has been blood letting by the sword, to win souls to a faith in its creed, and whose peace-makers are murderers! True, the Bible speaks of 'the blood of Christ cleansing souls from all unrighteousness;' but, this ' blood of Christ' is not the crimson flood drawn from the veins of Jesus! The blood is the life, and is used figuratively to represent the life of Christ, the same spiritual baptism that crowned the character of Jesus. And this life, living as Jesus lived, will save, to the uttermost, all souls who will so live. The Bible abounds in figurative language, and often requires to be thus understood. When King David said, ' The ploughmen ploughed upon my back, they made long their furrows ;' are we at liberty to suppose that King David's back was as large as a ten acre field? When Solomon said, 'Put a knife to thy throat if thou be given to appetite,' is it to be presumed that he encouraged suicide? And thus we might extensively illustrate. But the present age understands this kind of language. You will recollect, that during our late civil war (though, by the way, all wars are very uncivil and barbarous), the United States had a big cannon they called ' The Peace Maker.' And another they called ' The Swamp Angel.' These appellations, and their applications, are characteristic of very much of the Christianity of the day. But returning to the God idea, as no people can be better than their God, let us go back and trace it up. The lowest idea of God known to humanity is that called Fetichism. A great mountain, rock or mighty river, dense forest, etc., some object of human wonder, is called God, and worshiped. Next higher, the sun, moon and stars, objects of light and heat, are called gods, and worshiped, and why not, being the developers of all life, vegetable and animal? Next we have images of men and beasts, made of wood, stone, silver and gold, as gods, because it came to be discovered that man, with all his deformities, is the most perfect being that God ever made. Next in progress we have the God revealed to Moses, who was seen in the burning bush called 'a God of consuming fire,' called himself simply ' I am ;' that is, I exist, but, so incomprehensible that you cannot fully know me! Why ? Because 1 am a spiritual Being and you are not yet spiritually developed. But, even this God character, as Moses understood it, was one of war, blood, murder and revenge, who dealt largely in the law of Lex talionis. ' An eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth; who so sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed ;' requiring his people to slay all their enemies, old and young, male and female, except the virgin women. What were these to be saved for ? And to take, by force, their lands and possessions. What a God character this! Requiring his people to make sacrifices not only of beasts, but of men! But he did indeed show some advancement, for he required them to make some sacrifice of their usts also. '' Come not at your wives for three days ' before ascending the mount Sinai to meet their God, and receive his laws. Still we have another higher character of God revealed to Jesus Christ, God as '¦Heavenly Father ; ' and instead of murders, a dispensation of mercies, of love, of forgiveness. ' If ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Heavenly Father forgive your trespasses.' This God character is that revealed by the male Christian Church; the ¦ Church of the eastern world. And now we have yet a still higher God character revealed, that of God as a Heavenly Father and Mother ilso ; for who ever heard of a Father withjut a Mother ? And since Jesus Christ is the son of God, who ever heard of a son born THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 251 to a Father without a Mother ? The thing is simply a negation, an impossibility. And as it required a man, Jesus, to reveal the Fatherhood of God, even so it required a woman to reveal the Motherhood of God, and to introduce the Church of the Second Coming of Christ in his glory, according to the promise. Paul said, truly, 'The woman is the glory of the man,' ' and theman ' (in his capacity of male or female) '' is the glory of God.' But the man is not without the woman in the kingdom of God, no more than in nature. Jesus, aside from his baptism, was not the Christ, but to become such, he had to be born again ; thus it is clear, his birth of Mary did not make him such. Had he become the Christ by his first birth, pray what would his second birth have made of him? Jesus was simply an inspired man; was constituted the Christ of his day, par excellence, by his spiritual birth through baptism of-the Holy Ghost, and in this capacity became the Elder Brother,' the first born of many brethren. He said: ' Except a man be born again, he cannot be my disciple.' Had Jesus proved false to his call and mission, some other medium would have been prepared as Jesus was, to receive the Christ baptism; for the manifestation of the Christ was the product of evolution of the race of man ; and it embraces both the male and fe male, for the Christ is a Heavenly Bridegroom and Bride, when manifest in ' His Glory ' at his second coming.'1'' The manner of his second coming was to be according to the manner in which his going into Heaven was manifest- How was that? A cloud received him out of their sight.' What kind of a cloud? A cloud of witnesses, not a watery vapor floating in the horizon over our heads. This ' cloud of witnesses ' should also be the ones in whom, and through whom Christ should make his Second Appearing, as the Mother Christian Church of the Western world. This Church is the Holy City, the New Jerusalem, which the prophetic vision, ist, St. John, saw ' coming down from God, out of Heaven, as a Bride adorned for her husband.' But where shall Christ make his second appearance? The scriptures tell us: 'To a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof.' Where is that nation to be found which lives in peace, in love and righteousness? Wherever, and whenever it may be, there and then will Christ be manifest. Where is the nation prepared to receive the second coming of Christ in, and through the female? How can this be until woman has a right to an equality with man in the possession of her person, in the management of her social and domestic relations, in her religious devotions, and in the making of the laws that take cognizance of and tax her property — a right to suffrage? Go to Turkey, where woman is a mere vassal; go to China where, when you ask a woman the number of her family and she only counts the boys, the girls being of no account. Could the second coming of Christ in his glory be manifest there? In no wise. As well talk of light without sunshine or electricity. At present, not a nation now exists on the globe where the woman is enjoying all her rights with her fellowman as a citizen ; but the good time is nearing, when this, our nation, can sing the ransom song of freedom for woman, and then can Christ make more manifest in her the Church of the New Jerusalem, coming down from God out of Heaven, as a Bride adorned for her husband. We do not worship either Ann Lee, or Jesus; we worship God. A man at Old Orchard Beach, some eight years ago, said to me that the evidence that Jesus was God was because Jesus was worshiped. Well, Peter was worshiped, was he also God ; and, if Jesus was the ' Elder Brother of many brethren ' were they also Gods, to be worshiped? The American Government has put the name of God on our silver dollars, and money seems to be the God in which millions now trust; but is it a proper object of worship for a Christian? While we hold between our fingers the silver dollar of our country and read upon it 'In God we Trust' we hear the voice of Jesus ringing in our ears: '' Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's. We would not speak slightly of the religious profession of any denomination, nor the religious devotions of any individual; for we 252 THE SHAKBfi MANIFESTO. revere the sincere devotions of any and every soul, even though they may be very far from the highest standard of truth revealed to man; and there is a measure of truth and godliness in all denominations; and the discipline of the Church is profitable, of all professors of Christianity; but we must speak the truth as we understand it to-day. The coming of Christ is the ' End of the World ' in all souls who enter into its covenants, and obey its behests; and this is a •'New Covenant' of which Jesus, and all his faithful followers are the mediators ; and such are those, '' or lame, or blind, or dumb, on whom the ends of this vain world are come'—They are the virgin followers of the ' Lamb of God who taketh away the sins of the world ' from all who live as he lived. This Church is one of peace ani love, not bearing the character of that Church portrayed by St. John, who was drunk with the blood of the saints and the martyrs of Jesus, who slew in her so-called ' Holy Wars,' almost unnumbered millions under the pretense of sustaining the rights of the Church, and many millions to convert them to Christianity with the sword,as did old Rome under the rule of its Emperor Constantine. Marriage, as an institution of this world only, we do not abjure, but insist that those who marry should obey the law of God in generation, to use the commerce of the sexes for offspring only. But it is an institution not belonging to the Kingdom of Christ/ ' That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the spirit is spirit.' ' And they that are in the flesh cannot please God,' nor be the subjects of Christ's Kingdom ; for his kingdom is not of this world; while marriage is necessarily a worldly institution. In answer to the question which the Jews put to Jesus, Whose wife, in the ressurrection, should the woman be who had been possessed of seven husbands? He replied, '' ye do err, not knowing the scriptures, nor the power of God ; for they that are in the resurrection neither marry nor are given in marriage, but are (in this world) as the angels in Heaven.''' He said: 'I am the resurrection,' that is, my life is the resurtion life.' But, ' all men cannot receive this saying;' that is, to 'make themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of Heaven's sake.' 'He that is able to receive it, let him.' There is no compulsion, but every one shall be rewarded according to his works; and ' they who sow to the flesh, shall of the flesh reap corruption; while they who sew to the spirit shall of the spirit reap life everlasting.' The visionist St. John saw Christ descending to earth in his glory, in a cloud of witnesses, saying : 'Behold, I come quickly, and my reward is with me to give to every man according as his works shall be.' Not to justify them in sin, and give them mansions in Heaven for believing that Jesns did good things. Now, these are among 'the things of good report; let us think on these things.'