A DREAM The next morning they entered on their mission. During the night one of the party had a dream. He saw ten virgins clothed alike. Five of them were much engaged storing up in vessels something that had the appearance of oil. I asked, what is that you are storing up ? In a soft, kind tone the reply was : ' It is the oil of the light of the coming dispensation.' The other five had also vessels, but instead of oil they were mostly filled with earthy, gritty matter. All their vessels being about full they rested from their labors. The shades of night began to gather over them, and they all fell fast asleep. About midnight a great sound was heard. The angels of light warmth and growth sounded their trumpets aloud, saying: 'The two anointed ones who trod the wine-press alone have gained another victory over the beast. Go ye out to meet them. Rejoice and be glad, for your Redeemer lives.' Those who had oil lit their lamps and joined in the rear of the advancing procession. There was joy in every heart, and songs of gladness brightened every spirit. Away in the distance I saw the heavens open to receive the weary yet joyous pilgrims. I waited till all the glorious throng had entered the abode of bliss. The doors of heaven were left freely open, but none could enter but those who had in their spirits the oil of the light of the new dispensation. As the last of the procession entered I heard a voice saying: 'I am the beginning and the end of dispensations; work while it is day.' Another voice exclaimed: ' The various dispensations throughout all the ages have been, and are, that evil may perish from the earth, from the hearts of men.' With reluctance I turned from this joyous scene, every heart beating in unison with the fitness of created things, while the social harmonies of angelic spheres welled up and flowed over with delight in the happiness of the neighbor. Even the grass under .the feet of the heaven-bound throng seemed happy. With a sad heart I sought my way back. The glories of the heavens had departed, and left me in a gloom of more than Egyptian darkness. An angel of mercy appeared and led me to the abode of those who were left behind. O, the darkness and the wailing ! I felt I could shrink into nothing if they could but be relieved. I tried to soothe their troubled spirits, but I found it was best to sit down and weep and wail with them. They upbraided one another, that following this and that example was the cause of all this trouble. It gives me pain to think of their revilings. I gathered enough to know that in the years past it was the will of God that His chosen people should come to a further knowledge of His laws preparatory to the coming dispensation ; they preferred not to be disturbed. Thus they left themselves in the outer darkness, the very darkness they bewailed. Their wailing was so intense that a cold shudder ran through me, and I awoke.