Home Topics Soda for Burns .—All kinds of burns, including scalds and sunburns, are almost immediately relieved by the application of a solution of soda to the burnt surface. It must be remembered that dry soda will not do unless it is surrounded with a cloth moist enough to dissolve it. This method of sprinkling it on and covering it with a wet cloth is often the very best. But it is sufficient to wash the wound repeatedly with a strongsolution. To Loosen Glass Stoppers —Put on one or two drops of sweet oil round the stopper, close to the mouth of the bottle; then put it a little distance from the fire. When the decanter gets warm, have a wooden instrument with a cloth wrapped tightly round it; then strike the stopper, first on one side, then on the other; by persevering a little while you will most likely get it out. Or you may lay the bottle in warm water, so that the neck of the bottle may be under water. Let it soak for a time, then knock it with a wooden instrument as before. Doing up Shirts .— A shirt-board for ironing is a necessity in every well-regulated family. This should be covered with at least two thicknesses of blankets, and have the ironing sheet, also double, smoothly pinned over it, so that it cannot slip. Keep wax tied up in a rag to rub the iron. The polish of collars, etc., done up at large laundries is given by means of a polishingiron and by dint of much rubbing. It may be done by any good laundress, but it takes much time, and is fearfully hard on the linen. Spermacetti added in small quantities to the starch gives a pretty gloss. We insert this recipe:—Melt together with a gentle heat, one ounce white wax and two ounces spermacetti; prepare in the usual way a sufficient quantity of starch for a dozen bosoms; put into it a piece of this enamel the size of a hazelnut. This gives a beautiful polish. Oyster Pie .— Line a dish with puff paste or a rich biscuit paste, and dredge well with flour; drain one quart of oysters, season with pepper, salt andbutter, and pour into the dish; add some of the liquor; dredge with flour, and cover with a top crust, leaving a small opening in the center. Fried Oysters .— Select the largest, dip them in beaten egg, and then in bread or cracker crumbs ; fry in equal parts of butter and lard until they are brown. They are very good dipped in corn meal instead of crumbs. Pickled Oysters — One quart vinegar, one ounce of allspice, one-half ounce of cinnamon, one ounce of cloves, one ounce of mace; scald all together; when cold put in the oysters ; next day 'scald together. Oyster Soup —Drain one quart of oysters, and to the liquor add one quart of boiling water; let it boil; skim carefully; season with a little Cayenne pepper and butter, size of an egg; add the oysters, and let it boil up once, and season with salt, and serve in a hot souptureen. Oyster Stew .— Put two quarts of oysters in the saucepan with the liquor, and when they begin to boil skim them out and add a pint of cream or rich milk and seasoning; skim well; add to the oysters butter to taste, and pour the hot liquor over them, and serve. Spanish Pickled Onions .— Cut onions into slices; put a layer of them in a jar; sprinkle with salt and cayenne pepper, then add a layer of onions and season as before ; proceed in this way until the jar is full, and pour cold vinegar over all till covered. Will be fit to use in a month.