Society Record Departed this Life Emily Robbins From Shaker Village, N. H., October 1st, , aged 73 years. Benjamin Bailey We find the following in a local paper: . Many of our older business men will be pained to learn of the death of the good old man whose name stands above. He died at Alfred, on Sunday, the 26th ult., at the ripe age of 81 years For about seventy years he has been a prominent and trusted member of ' The United Society of Believers,' as they call themselves—Shakers, as the world's people call them—and he has consistently exemplified his profession. There are probably few men better known personally to the country merchants and hotel keepers of York and Cumberland counties, and the whole eastern portion of our State than he was. For many years, or until his eyesight began to fail, lie made regular winter journeys as far east as Calais and Eastport, and even across the border into the New Dominion, in selling the Shaker garden seeds which were formerly so much used. He was a sterling character, firm as a rock in what he thought to be the truth and the right, yet tender and loving as a child. In fact, another of his prominent traits was love of children ; for them he always entertained a deep and universal regard. We shall never cease to remember his sweet, tender affection for the young, yet expressed in such a noble, manly tone of voice Only a month ago we enjoyed a visit at the Alfred community, and not the least pleasant thing about it was the interview with him and his brother, Merrill Bailey, himself now an old man of seventy odd years. His memory of events, persons and dates was indeed remarkable. He overflowed with incidents and anecdotes of men of prominence in this vicinity in other days, especially of such a brilliant and witty man as was John Holmes. Some eighty years ago his father took up a tract of land in the wilds of Colebrook, Coos county, N. H., and very entertaining was the story of the hardships of his father and mother in that northern wilderness at that time. But after a time he became converted to the doctrines of Mother Ann Lee, then creating considerable interest in this country, and with his whole family he 'gathered' to the Shakers, where he worthily lived and died. Benjamin and Merrill Bailey, with their most estimable sister, Eldress Jane Tarbox, lately deceased, were among the principal supporters of the Alfred community for half a century, and they each bore their burden like faithful Christians, as they were. Hail and farewell then, dear old friend and honest man, we may not soon look upon thy like again, and some of the sweetest memories of life will ever cluster around thy sterling and beautiful character.