The Children's Grotto DO THY LITTLE Do thy little — God has made Million leaves for forest shade — Smallest stars that glory bring. God employeth every thing. Then the little thou hast done — Little battles thou hast won, Little masteries achieved, Little wants with care relieved, Little words in love expressed, Little wrongs at once confessed, Little favors kindly done, Little toils thou didst not shun, Little graces meekly worn, Little slights with patience borne — Those shall crown thy pillowed head, Holy light upon thee shed. Those are treasures that shall rise Far beyond the smiling skies. LITTLE THINGS ' Though little I bring,' Said the tiny spring, As it burst from the mighty hill, ' 'Tis pleasant to know, Wherever I flow, The pastures grow greener still.' And the drops of rain, As they fall on the plain, When parched by the summer heat, Refresh the sweet flowers Which drooped in the bowers, And hung their heads at our feet. Though the drops are small, Yet, taking them all, Each one doing all that it can To fulfill the design Of its Maker divine, What lessons they give unto man ! May we strive to fulfill All His righteous will, Who formed the whole earth by His word ? Creator divine, We should f.ver be thine, And serve Thee, our God and our Lord. WEAK BUT STRONG I will tell you a true story for the children to hear, and leave each one to enforce its lesson in his or her own way. The bit of a girl is not one of the ' goody good' children, but a perfect bunch of mischief who needs THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 257 constant watching. She had taken a fancy to play with the key of her father's desk, often taking it out for the purpose. One day he told her never to take it out again, fearing it might be lost Some few days after he was lying half asleep on the sofa, the little daughter playing beside him. The sudden stillness of the room roused him to the fact that she had disappeared, and seeing the door to the nest room, where the desk was, open, he stole softly toward it to see what the child was doing. There she stood, just in front of the coveted key, both tiny hands clasped behind her, and leaning forward on her tiptoes, she kissed it gently. Then father crept unseen to the sofa, and in a mOment she came and stood beside him, both hands still folded behind her, and said: ' My' did'nt touch the key, 'cause papa told her not to.' Surely if a tiny creature like this could put temptation behind her, we grown up folks ought to have strength enough to.— Boston Transcript. KIND WORDS HELEN HARCOURT Kind words' are of value, though nothing they cost; By harsh, bitter accents, many souls have been lost. Then deep in thy heart this memory bear, Nor drive, by unkindness, a friend to despair. Refuse not forgiveness, for, oh, then, alas ! Thou breakest the bridge over which thou must pass. With the set of the sun let thy anger go down, And banish away every stern, bitter frown. THE PRINCIPLE OF RIGHT Amos Lawrence once said, when asked for advice, ' Young man, base all your actions on a principle of right; preserve your integrity of character; and, in doing this, never reckon the cost.' A noble sentiment, expressed by a worthy man. But a different sentiment is expressed to-day by men who have influence on account of publicity, who have worshipers, on account of talent, but who, by a peculiar juxtaposition of opposite natural tendencies, or, rather, by a reckless inconsistency of example, speak, in thunder tones, to young men that are ready to take advice: Young man, sacrifice every principle of right for the sake of selfish ends ; and, in doing so, never stop to count the cost to yourself or to society. An ignoble sentiment, but too frequently expressed. I WON'T The other day a boy burst out a crying in school, and he cried as if his heart would break. Did another boy pinch or hurt him ? No. Was his spelling lesson too hard? No. What were those tears for? His teacher called him to her side, and asked Freddy what the matter was. ' I want to go home. Oh, do let me go,' sobbed Freddy. ' What for my dear child ?' asked the teacher in her own kind way. ' Oh,'! said Freddy, ' I said ' I won't' to my mother before school, and I want to go home and tell her how sorrow I am, and ask her to forgive me.' Then they were penitent tears, the best tears a child can shed. But then you must remember, 'Tis not enough to sari We're sorrow and repent, And still go on from day to day Just as we always went. Repentance is to leave The sins we loved before, And show that we in earnest grieve By doing so no more.