BAPTISMS DANIEL FRASER . ' I have a baptism to be baptized with ; and how I am straitened, pained, till it be accomplished.' Jesus saw work to be done, and was in earnest to do it. Without earnestness there can be no baptism. On this solemn subject I feel straitened, lest my words should only be words, and fail to incite to newness of life. The travail of spirit experienced by Jesus opened up to him a number of baptisms as distinct and as well defined as are the steps on a ladder. If we have no similar baptisms, we will hardly know whether we are in the path of ascension or not ; and fail to feel a full releasement from the emotions, thoughts and imaginations arising from our lower selfhoods. 242 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Of all baptisms a conviction for sin is the fundamental one. The prophet of old saw their general order. First, finish binning. Secondly, put an end to its cause. Thirdly, make reconciliation for iniquity. Fourthly, bring in everlasting righteousness. Fifthly, anoint the most holy with power to reign over self. The first requirement, faithfully fulfilled, will open to our vision our natural manner of going ; and will assure us that, whatever evil any one has done, that there is a capability in us to move in the same direction; and that there is no safety till we reach the spot, that, ' when the prince of this world cometh, he can find no place in us.' Then we are in a condition to be fathers and mothers to those who have gone astray, and are called from death and darkness—to feel their states, and bear them out into the light of life. A renewal of baptisms and humiliations of spirit can alone fit and prepare us to be mediators and redeemers. We may well rejoice and be exceedingly glad, for heaven is here begun, and its light and warmth is given more freely, and more assuredly, than is the natural sunshine. One of the functions of sunlight is to awaken the dormant germs of vitality, and bring them forth into use, fruition and beauty. Another is, to decompose dead bodies into ashes and gas. Standing squarely in the light and warmth of divine sunshine, the germ of divinity within us will be quickened, and the old man and woman, and their works, will be turned to ashes and buried in the graves of forgetfulness. ' I kill, and I make alive.' In the first appearing of Christ, the Jewish converts had the advantage of us—they had been to school. Moses had trained them hygienically and morally ; these are the two grand divisions of human preliminary experiences. In these departments there is room left for a wide increase; for hygienic and moral law, covers more ground than did the Mosaic code. We are the descendants of heathen ancestors, and have inherited their proclivities. ' That which is bred in the bone, will appear in the flesh ;' hence, if we are children of the light, we will need a baptism, not only of having the ' Law' written on our hearts, but of death also, to every habit contrary to the fitness of things. If ever there was a baptism needed to qualify any one to fulfill the duties of their day, the baptism of having the Law written on our affections is the one now needed. If this is not accomplished in the body of Christ on earth, then that body will not be able to meet coming events. The signs of the times require that we be thoroughly equipped. Except a baptism correcting personal habits, and financial dealings be accomplished, we will not be able to cast out evil spirits, whether in the body or out. The question may be asked, if a baptism of newness of life has been experienced, what more is needed ? This conception is suggestive of water baptism. Let us gather a little light on this point. Baptisms consist essentially of earnestness of Spirit to pursue the right and to shun even the appearance of evil. If there is a settling down after a movement has been made, that baptism is exhausted; life that is but for a moment is not life everlasting. The increase of the work of God will be by baptisms, because it is in the nature of mind to take one step at a time, as in walking. ' This is love that ye keep my commandments .' They who confess and forsake sin, and are baptized into that love, will be saved. A state of feeling neither cold nor hot is not accepted ; there can be no progress in it.' ' My son, give me thy whole heart.' ' The earth shall help the woman.' The progress made in total abstinence from alcoholic drinks ; the establishment of institutions, curing the sick without the use of drugs, by merely bringing the patient into affinity with the fitness of things ; the declaration that physiological law is a unit; embracing food as well as drinks, the conclusions of scientific men on the bad effects of tea and coffee, etc., fully sustain the teachings of the Spirits during their special visitation over forty years ago. Their feelings on the use of animal food clearly indicated the course to be pursued. Evidently it was the intention of the heavens that we should have a start in keeping hygienic law.—Outside of our Order a great work has been done. The old methods of treating the sick are giving way before the onward move- THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 243 ment. Even the diet of the public at large has been modified to meet the requirements of hygienic light. The work of God never goes backward ; those who stand still will be passed by ; non-compliance with light is negative opposition. Every increase of divine life includes minor truths ; indifference to primaries will result in opposition to details. Jesus Christ dwelt in the sphere of baptisms—of divine creative activities—bringing forth upon earth social life as it is in the heavens. To be cold and without enthusiasm is as a machine not in motion. Even in fulfilling the common duties of life energy is required as well as patience. Never seek individual distinction; let it pass, for ' Whoever would be high, higher, highest, Must first come down to low, lower, lowest; And then ascend to high, higher, highest, By keeping down at low, lower, lowest.' As we advance in divine life- — nearing the portals within which baptized Spirits dwell — forbear thinking we have but to sit down and enjoy good company —company is best enjoyed after something has been done. Faithfulness in a narrow sphere has but prepared us for the more extensive un' foldments of the higher life and its duties. Jesus Christ, by the power of his baptisms, descended to the Spirits in prison, bound in fetters by the habits they had formed. He came to their conditions, clothed his spirit with ' sweet reasonableness.' ' Come, let us reason sweetly together,' and hell will dis. appear. Sweet reasonableness improves al[ conditions, and opens the way for heavenly growth and culture.