Agricultural Keep potatoes in a cool... Keep potatoes in a cool, dry, dark cellar, with good ventilation. For throat distemper For throat distemper, grate fine a small green wild turnip, or, if dry, give a heaping spoonful, mixed with bran or oats. A lady says that to kill insects... A lady says that to kill insects, she uses one teaspoonful of kerosene to a gallon of \yater, and sprinkles it on the plants with a hand-broom. It destroys green flies and other pests. Horses and cattle normally require... Horses and cattle normally require, in round numbers, four pounds of water for each pound of dry substance in their food, while sheep require but about two pounds, half as much. A Mississippi farmer dashes cold water... A Mississippi farmer dashes cold water into the ears of choking cattle. This causes the animal to shake its head violently, and the muscular action dislodges the obstruction. The Paragon Tomato There is no tomato grown which, in our opinion, approaches the ' Paragon,' for abundance of yield, form, flavor and color. All who are unacquainted with the 'Paragon,' will thank us for introducing it to them. Blanket the Horses .— Save lameness and coughs by an immediate covering of the horses after a drive, if only stopping for a few minutes. Do not cover the horse with blankets when he is- in exercise ; not even in a storm ; but rub thoroughly, and cover after the horse has found shelter. Top-Dressing If manure is needed for winter grain, now is the time to apply it. It may be used fresh and coarse, without losing much in value. Even straw spread over the wheat is of great benefit. Mulching is a protection against extremes of both heat and cold, and preserves the crop during sudden and severe changes of the weather. Pasturing Fall Grain If the fall grain is in danger of jointing, it should be pastured without delay. It is often a great help to the wheat or rye, to turn sheep or calves upon it. These eat down luxuriant growth, and tread the soil firmly about the roots. If no other stock are available for this purpose cows may be led into winter grain fields. Poultry Vermin are the greatest pest to fowls. They are worse in the winter than at other times, because the fowls are confined more closely, and have not opportunities to free themselves. Lice may be destroyed by whitewashing the house and roofs with lime-wash mixed- with carbolic acid. Fleas may be destroyed by thoroughly greasing the roosts. Clean straw should be supplied to the nests, and glass nest-eggs provided for early layers. A glass-covered coop will be useful for an early sitting hen and a young brood of chickens. A great deal of winter fruit... A great deal of winter fruit suffers early decay in consequence of a deficiency of ventilation, especially during autumn and after the fruit is deposited. The Germans are very successful in the ventilation of their cellars, by a communication with the principal chimney, the heated air in which neces sarily maintains a current, which sweeps out the noxious and stagnant gases from the vegetable and other contents. Apples are safer in barrels either in a shaded place in the open air, or under a shed, than in a cellar, till the frost comes on. Then they should be covered with straw and only be taken into the cellar when severe frost comes on.