Editorial THE RECOMPENSE OF REWARD The thorough Christian is under continual promise of a comfortable reward; and the anticipations of those who work for Christ, as they feel this spirit directs them, are those which, if they can be imagined, they cannot be described. Renunciations numerous, and constant denials of self were the most prominent characteristics in the instructions of Jesus to his disciples in days of yore, and are of Christ to his present disciples. And activity in these renunciations and self-denials prompts the reflection at every breathing place or station: ' What therefore shall we have ' for all these renunciations? We want pay ; we unwillingly work unless we can feel some of the compensation continually, and have confidence in the solvency of the Bank of Heaven to meet our just demands at the close of a Christian's life labors. According to our Shaker testimony, to be a follower of Christ is to take upon ourselves the responsibility of living Christ's life; and this life is replete with renunciations of indulgences, which give the greatest pleasure to our earthly, carnal senses. In the general catalogue of the things Jesus renounced, and taught should have a resemblance in his disciples, are Marriage and the engagements in fleshly lusts; private, personal, selfish possessions, of which the brethren of the Church could not share ; the gratification of retaliating an insult to an equality, at least, of the injury done; and the exercise of the spirit of emulation in Pride, Vanity, together with all the elements that incite an unbrotherly aristocracy an'd worldly superiority. These are first principles ; yet the unlearned and inexperienced, who too often are ripe in years, but not in fruitful reflection, affect that they are finalities. From this cause they very reasonably arrive at a station, where progress as Christian necessity is not made, nor seemingly possible to be made. Then is seen 'the resting on the oars,' and relying upon first principles to bring the inexpressible riches promised the faithful. Yet these come not. The inmates of all Shaker Societies have to admit that they have rivals ' worthy of their steel' the world over. There are thousands, if not millions who claim to be living strictly virgin, celibate lives. Again, there are some individuals who have from the deepest conscientiousness expended several fortunes upon suffering humanity, living themselves in pauper-like style that they might be able to do the most good. We can read almost daily of those who are spending lives and fortunes in the interests of peace — peace in families and among nations. Even in the popular pulpits of our day, we find the most caustic testimonies againatpride, vanity in dress and other unneighborly behavior. We are made aware, as we travel our public thoroughfares, that there are numerous societies, composed of numerous individuals, who have discarded all worldly gayety, amusements of nearly or quite every character, and these discarded for a purpose. Intemperance in eating, drinking, and its every other form has its inveterate foes ; and their contraries have most 254 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. noble advocates. What of all this? Unless the righteousness of the saints, exceeds that of the partial saints ' what therefore shall we have ? ' It behooves every individual who esteems himself or herself a radical apostle of Christ to ask, wherein their renunciations as Christians are adding to their personal worth of character, without alloy, fitted for the heavens, on earth, or elsewhere. We are certain that the outlines of a Christian life are far removed from a wordly,earthly character. We are just as assured,that unless these outlines, these first principles— Virgin Celibacy, Community of Interests, Non-resistance, and Freedom from Worldly Ambitions and Behavior, — are used as stepping stones of progress, as lower rounds, leading to higher rounds in the ladder leading to personal excellence as Christians, we shall ask, and ask : ' What therefore shall we have ? ' and reckon without our host. Shakerism leads individuals quickly into and through rudimentary Christianity. Unless its adherents use these early lessons to rise above, and press beyond first elements, they can rest upon the somewhat unsatisfactory recompense of rewards resulting therefrom. ' But the call is to ' press beyond ' these ; and to attack, defeat, remove and replace all inferior habits — for instance, jealousy, envy, vituperation, personal preferences, uncharitable criticisms, unsocial, unhappy and unhandsome communings, and the like, —and replacing these by the addition of a large love, boundless charity, harmless and endearing behavior, the very opposite of the selfish accuser of the brethren, and to know, or wish to know only the purity, the goodness, and greatest exaltation in godliness of fellow travelers, — herein is a work of travail, of birth into a new, created world, and its companionship and results will be a most satisfying, present heaven, and the prospects, an inexpressible, but reliable recompense of rewards for all they cost. Men who are Worth Fifteen Millions and Upwards The following 20 men are estimated to be worth the sums following their names: Win. H. Vanderbilt.......... $100,000,000 Fair of California............ 50,000,000 Flood of California......... 50,000,000 Mackey of California........ 50,000,000 August Belmont.....______ 30,000,000 Senator Sharon.............. 15,000,000 Senator Jones............... 20,000,000 Astor of New York.......... 75,000,000 James G. Bennett............ 30,000,000 Jay GonM___.............. 75,000,000 Russell Sage............... 75,000,000 S. J. Tilden................. 25,000,000 Keene of New York......... 20,000,000 Solon Humphreys........... 15,000,000 Sidney Dillon................ 15,000,000 Edward Clark.............. 25,000,000 Oakes Ames, Jr.............. 15,000,000 Perry H. Smith of Chicago.. . 15,000,000 Peter Cooper___............ 20,000,000 Pierre Lorillard..........___ 15,000,000 And every one of these magnates, and thousands more in a similar fix would feel insulted, if told they were postively unworthy and unfit for the kingdom of heaven. And if one should address them, as with authority, and with a little effectual compulsion added : ' Go sell all thou hast and give it to the poor ' whom you daily defraud, they would feel like re-enacting the crucifixion scene. Inordinate THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 255 wealth induces and sustains inordinate poverty ; while in the church of Christ there are neither rich nor poor; but'*Ye are brethren.' And yet, why are there so many members of modern churches, some who are very rich and some very poor? The answer is simple and plain: Because they are not Christians, excepting by profession; and profession without' possession of Christ's love of equality is barrenness. FOREIGN MISSIONS AND HOME NECESSITIES It is a very strange fact, but fact it is, that Foreign Missions are very much more popular than the relief of local sufferings. It is a positive shame to think, that such were the abominable inconsistencies of the professional Christians in a popular church in New York city, that they actually subscribed on a recent Sunday $16,000 for foreign heathens, while in the four weeks previous, a charitable association in the same neighborhood had application from 5,986 families for relief from the pangs of starvation; while a visiting committee in the Sixth Ward found thirteen hundred persons without shoes! It was just such inconsistencies which caused England's poet, Elliott, to write: ' Their Bibles for the heathen load our fleets; Lo! gloating eastward, they inquire, 'What news? ' We die,' we answer,' foodless in the streets.' And what reply your men of Gospel views? Oh! ' they're sending bacon to the Jews.' Their lofty souls have telescopic eyes, Which see the smallest speck of distant pain, While at their feet a world of agonies, Unseen, unheard, unheeded, writhes in vain.'