WHAT SHALL WE DO WITH THE INDIANS J. B. POOL [While we do not entirely agree with the following suggestions of our brother at West Pittsfield', Mass., we present his article as certainly original and characteristic ; while we know the writer is not without much of the milk of human kindness, and a large respect for human brotherhood.—Ed.] . This is one of the great questions of the day, and has received a variety of solutions. It has been suggested by some that the Indians ought to be annihilated! This exhibits a very ungenerous feeling. The Indian has a place in nature as well as the white man ; and it is the duty of the superior race to ascertain the positions the lower races should occupy. In taking a view of the processes of nature, we are led to believe that the genus homo commenced its existence on the earth from the lowest type — lower than anything now on the earth — and that the higher species came along one after another, till at last the Caucasian species, the highest of all, was introduced. The species immediately below the Caucasian is undoubtedly the Mongolian. The latter species claim a priority of existence as regards the white race, and it is probable that this claim is a just one. It was a Mongolian female, no doubt, that first received the Spirit-germs of the first pair of whites that came on the earth. Consequently the whites got their first tuition and instruction from the Mongolians. When the white race became sufficiently developed to take care of themselves, a separation took place — the white leaving the Mongols and seeking their fortunes in distant lands. Now the whites are able to teach the Mongols, and the latter, by being influenced by the Caucasians, are capable of further development. , The Chinese, in consequence of their seclusiveness, have remained stationary for many centuries ; but now, on account of more frequent contact with the superior race, they are catching the inspiration and are going ahead. The race immediately below the Mongols appear to be the Indians. It is quite probable that the Mongolians were introduced to the scenes of time through the medium of the Indians. Consequently the Indians must now look to the Mongols for help and instruction. The chasm between the whites and the Indians appears to be too great for practical purposes. The Indians, feeling their inferiority, cannot learn or be influenced by the whites. It is probably owing to this that our government has had such poor success in treating with the aboriginals, From the Chinese no doubt the red man would catch the spirit of improvement and go on in the line of progression. The race below the Indians is the Negro, and the red-man received his birth, perhaps, from the black race; and now the negro must look for instruction from the Indian. According to the view herein given, our government ought to send a tribe or two of Indians to Africa, within a few years, and the procedure should be kept up till the Indians are transferred to that country.