Correspondence G. B. Avery, Shakers, N. Y. : Dear Sir : Enclosed, please find 60 cts. in stamps... Wyoming Chicago Co., Minn. Nov. 10, '80 G. B. Avery, Shakers, N. Y. : Dear Sir : Enclosed, please find 60 cts. in stamps, for which please send the Manifesto one year. I have examined the copies sent, and although I am not prepared to indorse quite all contained therein, yet there is so much that is good and true that I want to be a regular reader of it. I am a Methodist and heartily wish they might all adopt the unselfish living of the Shakers and the communism of property practiced by the Apostles. Yours very truly, NATHAN DAVIS Dear Editor : Inclosed, please find one dollar to purchase... Alfred, Me., Nov. 13,1880 Dear Editor : Inclosed, please find one dollar to purchase five boxes of your 'Shaker Eye and Ear Balsam,' which I suppose can be sent by mail. Please send at once and oblige Your brother in love, . ' The Shaker Manifesto ' grows monthly more interesting and in favor with all Godly men and women. God bless your every effort to prepare for your readers a monthly feast. OTIS SAWYER Bro. G. A. Lomas: If you will allow me some space in the Manifesto I will... Pawling, Chester Co., Pa., Oct. 30,1880 Bro. G. A. Lomas: If you will allow me some space in the Manifesto I will present a few thoughts in regard to the society of Shakers I have recently spent some time with at Mt. Le. banon, and from what information I have gained, I have realized that in utilizing nature's resources to the comforts and conveniences of those who are readyand willing to live the celibate life in a unitary home, that the society has proven a grand success; has kept pace with the age of progress in agriculture, horticulture, fruit growing, improved implements, machinery, buildings, etc, also in hygiene and the best methods oi' attaining to, and preserving healthy bodies with all the appliances for cleanliness, plenty of pure water applied inwardly and outwardly; also a system of drainage and ventilation to insure breathing pure air, practical industry is also habitual, and with all of these my sentiments agree. The religious forms to my mind are not in keeping wiih the age of progress in which we now live, as religion is progressive as well as the moral and intellectual states are progressive; and any system of worship, adopted one hundred years ago, would necessarily be tainted more or less with the prejudices and teachings of that day. Pure and unadulterated religion is the spontaneous outflow of the emotional nature, and is as varied in expression as mankind differ in stature and appearance. Whenever you undertake to formulate the emotional nature, the substance vanishes and leaves only the shadows. To formulate religion is purely an individual matter ; it cannot be confined or its qualities measured by any forms or ceremonial worship ; it is only by the results shown in our lives. That individual who lives the purest, noblest and best life, has the best religion, although he takes no part in any forms or ceremonies of worship. The universe of matter is governed by fixed laws, and man is a free agent, subject to those immutable laws. God has no arbitrary laws, therefore mankind are at liberty to use the resources of nature to elevate and raise up man in all his faculties both physically, morally and intellectually. Those are my convictions after thirty or forty years of unprejudiced study and investigation into the economy of nature, which is the word of God, as God has never spoken to mankind in any other way than through natural law. We may have converse with advanced spirits or angels, but can only talk with God through the phenomena of nature. Now as you can only receive accessions from those without, and as the world of matter and all things are progressing, you will necessarily have to take in those of advanced thought or confine your additions to the illiterate or ig- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 273 norant. I am an applicant for admission but do not wish to put on any straight jacket. In regard to religion I want to keep my mind or reason unfettered. I want to keep constantly on the outlook for the highest gifts or knowledge. (Truth is my motto and reason my interpreter.) . D. Madden D. Madden—Esteemed Friend: Yours of 80th inst., to the editor of Manifesto, was received... Mt. Lebanon October 31, 1880 D. Madden—Esteemed Friend: Yours of 80th inst., to the editor of Manifesto, was received and considered. How shall I answer your reasoning ? 'All ye are brethren.' Jesus said: ' One is your master.' Was that republicanism ? Is there, on earth, a republic? The United States government is no more a republic now than before the war; this was a free country. We are on the way towards a free government. 'If the truth make you free, ye shall be free indeed.' When the truth is applied to us, individually, that is our day of judgment. God, only, can apply the truth, and God can apply it only by some man whom he appoints. The people are the fountain of power in the United States. The people can exercise that power, only by some one man whom they appoint. You may call him by any term you please. This being an infidel people, they appoint an infidel man to rule over them, making it an infidel government — no church and state union. The Shaker order is the church. The two are the new earth and new heavens that are being created. They will move toward perfection. There will then be a perfect republic, composed of men and women, whose rulers will do the will of the people. There will be a perfect monarchy, paternal and maternal, with subjects who will do, not their own will, nor yet the will of sovereign people, but the will of God — their Heavenly Spiritual Father and Mother. In this kingdom God will be the fountain of power. The Christ Spirit will be the bread coming down from heaven to feed the people — a minister of pure abstract truth, that will convict the world of sin, rightousness and judgment, until God's truth becomes all in all, in temporal and spiritual things. Hitherto, all governments have been a mixture of church and State ; because the people are in a mixed condition—they are neither natural nor spiritual—neither Christian nor infidel. It is the scriptural Babylon. Shakers, being Christians, are infidel to all church and State theology, as are all true American people. The mission of the angel of spiritualism is to disintegrate church and State people, and their civil and ecclesiastical institutions. The angel went out from the Shaker order to break in pieces the captain and his soldiers—the priests and their people—the horse and his rider—the lawyer and his client—the doctor and his patient—the capitalists and producer—man and woman. All this is being rapidly accomplished throughout Christendom. 'Yet once more (the second coming of Christ), and I shake, not only the earth, but the heavens also—they are being shaken.' Drops of water and globules of mercury unite, being homogenious. How can individual men and women unite, unless they become of one heart and mind—and how can they become of one heart and mind, unless they subdue the lusts of flesh and mind? The mission of the Shaker system is to efiect this. Except a man deny himself, and bear a daily cross against bad habits, will he ever travel out of them ? A successful community indicates successful travel of the persons composing it. A Christian community can't be composed of worldly people. After accepting the celibate life, I wonder at your' straining at any thing else. A company of English people write me from Boston, who wish to unite, but hesitate un. less we yield the point of celibacy. You must not wonder if we think of the children in the market place—nor be surprised if we conclude to hold fast the good we have secured, and wait patiently and hopefully for the harvest to grow a little riper, before she, who sitteth upon the white cloud of Shaker societies, receives the command. ' Trust in thy sickle and reap, for the time has come for thee to reap, for the harvest of the earth is fully ripe.' 274 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. From the spirit and tone of your letter, I conclude you have fully decided that the Shaker system will not suit you, or meet your case. Asa general thing, when people are willing to live celibate lives, they easily make the other sacrifices necessary to the existence of a Shaker community. Ghriftt is not a human being, but an intermediate sphere of spiritual existence, me diatorial between deity and the inhabitants of all material worlds. Its first appearance was in the male—its second, in the female of humanity. The Pentecostal community was the fruit of the Christ spirit, in its first, as in its second appearing. We shall feel much interest in the progress of any attempt you and your friends may make to establish a better system than this we are living under. I think there may be a successful cooperative movement among men, on the basis of marriage—of great benefit to all concerned. But a successful community must be built upon the foundation of Christian celibacy. In much love, . F. W. EVANS