LIGHT IN THE HOUSE WHAT DR. RICHARDSON, THE AUTHOR OF ' THE HYGIENIC CITY,' SAYS ABOUT IT. Dr. Richardson, whose articles on health have been cited so much, in a recent English pubJication produces an article called ' Health at Home,' which is replete with wisdom. A most important point, and one on which he dwells, is the fact that so many people are afraid of the light. ' In a dark and gloomy house you never can see the dirt that pollutes it. Dirt accumulates on dirt, and the mind soon learns to apologize for this condition because the gloom conceals it.' Accordingly, when a house is dark and dingy, the air becomes impure, not only on account of the absence of light, but from the impurities which are accumulated. Now, as Dr. Kichardson cleverly puts it, we place flowers in our windows that they may have the light. If this be the case, why should we deprive ourselves of the sunshine and expect to gain health and vigor? Light, and plenty of it, is not only a purifier of things inanimate, but it absolutely stimulates our brains. It is in regard to sick rooms that this excellent authority is particularly impressive. It used to be the habit of physicians in old times to sedulously darken the rooms, and this practice continues to some extent even to-day. In certain very acute cases of nervous diseases where light, the least ray of it, disturbs in over-exciting the visual organs, this darkening of the room may be permitted, but ordinarily to keep light out of the room is to deprive the patient of one of the vital forces. Children or old people condemned to live in darkness are pale and wan, exactly like those plants which, deprived of light, grow white. Darkness in the daytime undoubtedly makes the blood flow less strongly, and checks the beating of the heart, and these conditions are precisely such as bring constitutional suffering and disease. The suppression of the light of day actually increases those contagious maladies which feed on uncleanliness. Dr. Richardson states : 'I once found by experiment that certain organic poisons, analogous to the poisons THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 283 which propagate these diseases, are rendered inocuous by exposure to light.' Once in England there was a tax placed ©n windows, but this was driven out by English legislation after a while, never to be brought up again, because it was a tax on human health. This leading authority on hygiene has a great deal of fault to find with some of the architectural dementia of to-day. A fashion introduced in England, and which has some feeble imitations in this country, is to reproduce the styles of the Queen Anne houses. This peculiar method indulges in small panes of glass, overhanging windows, sharp, long roofs, with tiny openings. It is a relic of ancient perversity, picturesque, if you please, but perfectly at variance with the dictates of common sense. If you have big windows, which say admit too much light, the glare of which is uncomfortable, a shade or curtain will keep out the sun ; but have small windows, barely admitting the invigorating air and light, do what you please, you cannot increase either air or light. Such cramped windows interfere with the great work God gave to the sun. Architectural elegance ought always to be subsidiary to the necessities of health. In the United States, though with a climate differing materially from that of England, the laws of health are the same. Our August glare heats our houses, but still it should be admitted at times. A house darkened and kept darkened from the middle of June to the first of September is an unwholesome house. Its coolness may apparently be refreshing, but the air of the rooms, which stagnates, con. tains undoubtedly germs of disease, which are not the less dangerous, because they are unappreciable. As it is, then, only the windows of the house, with panes of glass which admit the light, the precautions to keep them clean and bright are not so much measures of tidiness as absolutely hygienic necessities. As regards windows and their construction, American invention has in this respect not advanced any thing like in proportion to other things. The usual window, with its counterpoise weight, presents unusual difficulties as to cleansing it. You can get inside of it, but the outside presents great difficulties. Save in the lower stories, it may be pretty generally asserted that the upper windows of a house, the most important of all which give light to the sleeping rooms, the glass is rarely bright and clean. There seems to be a decided reluctance on the part of builders to put in houses either the French window, which simply works like a door, or those windows which, hung in the middle, revolve on the center. For ventilation alone, such windows have great advantages over the old styles, and they can be cleaned with perfect ease.