CREED - CHRIST WM. H. BUSSELL ' For modes of faith let graceless zealots fight, His can't be wrong whose life is in the right.' The zealots, whose zeal originates in a desire to sustain a mere party with which they may happen to be connected will fight. In this regard, Brahma has nothing of which to boast over Buddha, nor Buddha over Brahma. Christianity in its historical phase exhibits nothing superior to the religion of Mohammed, nor has the actual life of Moslem risen above that of Christianity. Why ? Because the adherents of each have been mostly the bigots of a creed rather than persons actuated by Divine love. If we can accept the record, this advice was once given by an apostle: 'Earnestly contend for the faith once delivered to the Saints.' Whatever the apostle had in mind it is certain that the exhortation to '' contend for the faith ' has been carried out to the very letter, not by Saints, indeed, but by thousands ©f those who were 'filled with all unrighteousness.' Hence the history of mankind exhibits no blacker crimes than those committed by such as claimed to be the successors of apostles. It is unnecessary to give examples ; they are familiar to the minds of all who are acquainted with history. The bigoted creedist very naturally arouses the contentious spirit which he possesses in the minds of those who will not accept his creed. The language of the latter is : ' I will not bow with patient knees To worn out laws or bigot creeds ; My Tiature hnows its wants and needs, And scorns all cant hypocrisies Of hollow words and empty deeds. I worship what is true to me ; Have faith in what is just and right; No cloak shall hide from my clear sight Those bigots of idolatry That hide the blessedness of light.' And so the contest begins and is carried on until not harsh and cutting words merely but the most cruel of bloody deeds are the consequence. This is the record of history for centuries. Is the present ' enlightened age ' different from the past ? If so, what has caused the difference ? There are still conflicts among the creedists, but they are not of the same fierce character as formerly. To what is this to be ascribed ? Partly, no doubt, to the diffusion of knowledge among all classes. 'Knowledge is power.' 'Light is that which makes manifest.' The bigots have in a measure been shamed out of their former senseless conduct. If they still have the inclination they have not the power of the olden times. One is reminded of Bunyan's old and enfeebled giant sitting in his cave while the pilgrims were passing by. He is in age and feebleness extreme, and his former bitter and bigoted spirit becomes weaker and weaker with the passing years. But not only is there greater light to see the wrong, there is greater strength of judgment and conscience. The prophecy of old time has not been forgotten by him who uttered it through human lips; ' 1 will pour out my spirit upon all flesh.' The Divine life, which is Divine love, is to take the place ultimately of the mere animal in human nature. In the language of Tennyson men will ' Move upwards, working out the beast, And let the ape and tiger die ; Rise on stepping stones of their dead selves To higher things.'' All truth must commend itself to us by its power to raise the individual and society to higher things. It matters not through whom it may come as special teacher. If it effect this necessary work, it proves itself of God, whatever name the individual teacher may bear. Such is the Christ of God, and this is the language uttered by the Christ to the Divine Father and in respect to all who are 'partakers of the Divine Nature.' ' Thou, Father, art in me and I in thee ; I in them and thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one.' When this is accomplished, the mere wild beast dies; the creedist that was has nothing more to contend about; his creed, his ceremonies, his self-conceit that elevated him to the throne of dignity, have all been blown to the winds, and his whole life, whether physical, mental or moral, is divine, for it is the life of Divine Love. Most Christians consider the Bible more precious than gold. But they lock up their silverware and jewels at night and allow the Word to remain on the parlor table.