Editorial REAL CHRISTIANITY If Christianity is superior as a religion to any thing previously presented to humanity, and we claim that it is, the superiority consists in that it will make its adherents really better ; not by the simple profession of an adherence to something claiming superiority, but by an actual life that will bear the closer inspection of the wise of this world, and meet even their approval and decision. That this Christianity is best, because its adherents are happiest; not altogether because of its self-denials and renunciations, but because general results make up the really better men and women — those most truly filled with the love of humanity ; those most ready to suffer for the safety of virtue; for the dispensations of equal comfort; for the blessings of peace ; for non-conformity with the world, because such conformity tends to lessen the greater blessings, and makes Babylon of valuable material. Eeal Christianity will never ask any one to forsake any thing until it not only presents a better thing, but gives actual, living evidences that by the renunciation, superior conditions are attained. Away then with all the ' will o' the wisp ' and ' bopeep ' persuasiveness ! The true Christianity is being judged by what it bears; and the Shaker Christianity of to-day is no exception to this rule. Age, self-denials, special devotions, this, that, or the other specialty, cannot condone for continued selfishness, want of charity and the milk of human kindness — the love of self and ease, at the ex THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 275 pense of others' labors — inharmony, undeveloped virtues, in places of that genuine, Christian, overflowing consecration to the gospel, that saves humanity from its selfish, corruptions, by removing their cause. We claim for Shakerism, superiority only on the ground, that by its superlative self-denials it presents better individuals— more perfect specimens of what the heavens are peopled with; heavenly individuals, living on earth—than any other persuasion does or can present! This is a great boast; but if we can prove,by actual,living experiences,that Shakerism causes an incomparable increase of purity, brotherly and sisterly affections; loss of selfishness, with an expansion of the whole individual from the narrowness of self to the love of the race universal, we are enabled to present a gospel to the world that very much resembles the Christianity of Jesus, and a gospel very much needed to become very universal, before ' thy kingdom ' can come. True, we, as Shakers, need the lash of parental whips to stir up our great profession, into active, real Christianity. The lull of religious agitation and the prevalence of worldly prosperity are apt to dull the keenness of our grand profession and demands of Christian life—apt to cause a drifting with the current, and cessation and forgetfulness of active endeavor to present a real, living Christianity to our fellows—better than they have got by utmost endeavors to please themselves —and this to be proved by renunciations of worldliness, selfishness and the lesser good, for the acquisition of self-forgetful ness and superior manhoods and womanhoods. In vain do we profess, if we cannot present a superior humanity—a better love than worldly poets sing of, and merely animal men and women are crazy to enjoy. Eeal Christianity is rife with renunciations; but it is also rife with exaltations of real manhood and womanhood, which quite obscure the cross that did the elevating. 'Folloiv me' meant actual following ; actual life ; actual renunciation of the sins of selfishness and personal considerations, for and in behalf of the greatest good to the greatest number. Real Christianity and Shakerism ought to be one—ought to present a superior religion to the blind, led by blind leaders; so that feeling and seeing and the hearing of the testimonies, will create believers in and doers of actual, real Christian works. Let Shakers present superior lives —those most redundant with Christian loves and graces ; fuller of salvations and redemptions; and thus proclaim theirs the religion of real Christianity. TO THE INFLUENTIAL CHRISTIAN CLERGY We the Shakers, wish to be presented properly, and to you : You are the invested parties—invested by the constituted authorities of religious bodies, outside of Shakerdom—to reveal to the people the most solemn and consequential errand that in our day has been presented to the people. Your flocks look to you for the instruction that will lead them to those.pastures, here and hereafter, that will be ever green and positively satisfactory. 276 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. We ask you to consider the primary principles that the gospel of Jesus intended : We hold, that it intended a revolutionary, but peaceful change of the Mosaic dispensation; and to embrace the radical, changeful views of the old to the new. This change would demand acknowledgment on your part, the essential principles which we, the Shakers, are endeavoring to present and press upon the whole world. 1. That Jesus, the Christ, while acknowledging the good of the past, did present as superior life, Virginity ; not to oppose, but to elevate the conditions which the civil contract of marriage would imply and impose. Is virginity a necessity of Christian faith and practice? Then where are you? Did Jesus teach the Christian practice of Peace ? How do you teach upon this subject, pertaining to the family and to the nations ? Are your deliberations joro or con to the constitution of an equality of the entire Christian family—and if pro how is this to be accomplished under your teachings ? We ask you to consider the teachings and practice of the earliest, Christian, Pentecostal Church upon this subject, and to teach accordingly, and with no evasion. How shall you follow your divinely appointed master in teaching, if you do not teach as the Shakers do, that Separation prom the World, and from tuorldly practices is a Christian necessity ? And what is marriage ? What is Private Property ? AVhat are War and Family Contentions ? What are Politics and the general worldly commingling ? Are any of these of Christ Jesus ? However any of these are pleasing to you, or to your would-be Christian teachings, will you not reform and be honest in deeds, and teach Christ, and not self nor selfishness? Let us reflect. We ask you kindly, dispassionately and without partisan and theological bias, to teach Jesus Christ, and his simple, unpopular, Christian life. Will you do it ? ft PLEASE If any of our friends have a spare number or two of June, 1880, send as a favor to the beloved, Mary Whitcher, Shaker Village, N. H.