The Children's Grotto SOMEBODY'S MOTHER The woman was old and ragged and gray, And bent with the chill of the winter's day ; The street was wet with a recent snow, And the women's feet were aged and slow She stood at the crossing, and waited long, Alone, uncared for, amid the throng Of human beings who passed her by, Nor heeded the glance of her anxious eye. Down the street, with laughter and shout, Glad in the freedom of ' school let out,' Came the boys, like a flock of sheep Hailing the snow piled white and deep. Past the woman so old and gray Hastened the children on their way. Nor offered a helping hand to her, So meek, so timid, afraid to stir Least the carriage wheels or the horses' feet Should crowd her down in the slippery street. At last came one of the merry troop- The gayest laddie of all the group; He paused beside her and whispered low, 'I'll help you across, if you wish to go.' Her aged hand on his strong young arm She placed, and so, without hurt or harm, He guided the trembling feet along, Proud that his own were firm and strong. Then back again to his friends he went, His young heart happy and well content. ' She's somebody's mother, boys, you know, For all she's aged and poor and slow ; And I hope some fellow will lend a hand To help my mother, you understand, If ever she's poor and old and gray, When her own dear boy is far away.' Aud ' somebody's mother ' bowed low her head In her home that night, and the prayer she said Was, 'God, be kind to the noble boy, Who is somebody's sou and pride and joy!' DOING GOOD ' We all might do good, When we often do ill, There is always the way, If we have but the will; Though it be but a word Kindly breathed or suppressed, It may guard ofi some pain, Or give peace to some breast.' We all might do good In a thousand small ways, In forbearing to flatter. Yet yielding due praise— In spurning ill humor, Reproving wrong done, And treating but kindly Each heart we have won. We all might do good, Whether lowly or great, For the deed is not gauged By the purse or estate ; If it be but a cup Of cold water that's given, Like ' the widow's two mites,' It is something for heaven.'