SHAKER REMINISCENCES G. SEVERANCE At the age of nine years, my father, who was by occupation a farmer, moved from Lempster, N. H., where I was born, to the neighboring town of Claremont, where I lived mostly till the age of twenty-five. In Claremont, my father was a deacon of the Congregational Church of that place. In that faith, when I was a youth, I was carefully trained, though I was never a communicant in that connection. At about the age of sixteen I became much interested in subjects of religious controversy, and very soon espoused the doctrine of Universalism. While in my teens I thought myself quite an adept in encountering the Orthodoxy of the time from the Universalist point of view. A little previous to this period a paternal uncle had joined the Shakers at Enfield, N. H. A few years before a Universalist clergyman, by the name of Fayette Mace, had joined the Shakers and published a small work in defense of Shaker theology, and in the preface paid a very high compliment to Elder John Lyon, as a champion of the 268 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. principles advocated by the Shakers. He represented himself as most sorely discomfited by this unpretending advocate of the Shaker faith. Universalists were bold and sanguine in matters pertaining to religious controversy. They asked no odds at the hands of believers in the eternity of punishment. In learning of the Shakers through the instrumentality of Fayette Mace, my curiosity increased to become more intimately acquainted with this people. In the winter of 1838, a young man, a favorite cousin, concluded with me to make a journey to the Shakers. We made the journey of nearly twenty miles on foot. About four o'clock p. m., on a pleasant January day, found us in the to us unique Shaker village of Enfield, N. H. Had I planted my feet on a European or South American city, the surprise at my surroundings could not have been greater. Such order and tidiness, out doors and in, had never before met my eyes; every thing was a wonder. The gentle and modest suavity of the people captivated me. I had never seen any thing of this nature to be compared with the social order and harmony of this beautiful village. It was Saturday night, and we were invited to attend the evening worship. We were quietly seated before the worshipers appeared, the males entering one door, and the females another, forming in plattoons preparatory for worship. Then, suddenly all knelt, preserving solemn silence for a few moments, 'when all at once they rose to their feet and the singers took their place in the middle of the hall, while the others engaged in a springy march to enlivening singing. Singular as it may seem to the uninitiated, I was almost spell bound. Were I to attend a spiritual seance, and were the room all at once to be filled with spirit-materialized forms, the effect on me would not be more striking. That evening meeting made an impression on me time will never efface. I was then in my eighteenth year. The next day being Sunday, we repaired to the church at the usual hour. The number of worshipers was much larger than the previous evening ; and the services were highly interesting. It was about this time the revival of 1837-43 had become a marked phase. For the first time I saw the movements of those who were known as conspicuous instruments in the strange developments then going on. To me the sight was solemn and serious, as they moved about with the worshipers seemingly insensible to their surroundings. The pallor of their countenances gave them a celestial look. There was no deception here, and I was reminded of pentecostal times. At a proper time I had an introduction to Elder John Lyon, then about sixty years of age, not above medium height, rather full faced, and slow of speech. I was young and zealous in presenting my Universalist views ; but I was not long in discovering I was in the presence of a man of superior abilities, who was perfectly at home in dealing with polemical subjects. I was very soon lead into a different department of the ological controversy from any which was familiar to me. At this period textual controversies were rife in all directions. I soon concluded that John Lyon's abilities had not been overestimated. Any reasonable thinker would have been astounded to see with what ease he would dispose of vaunting clergymen who sought to drive him from the position in which he had intrenched himself. Often did I think that our promising young divinity students after graduating would do well to spend a month or so with this most worthy and able elder of the Shaker faith. It is now nearly twenty years since he left his earthly form. I have often said he knew me better than my own father did. Well did he serve his day and generation. When he died I wrote an obituary of him which was published in a Universalist paper. I have often thought the Shaker fraternity hardly knew how strong and representative a man it had in the person of John Lyon ; and I think I can say whoever has traveled extensively and seen much of the world, will find there is much to be seen and learned from a Shaker community. If a rational piety and devout consecration place a people in nearness to God, then the position occupied by this people places them in the front rank. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 2G9 To the outside world, Shakerism has the appearance of rigidity. It is extremely rigid in the emphasis it gives to a virgin life. Beyond this point as a community no sect has more flexibility. It does not war with scientific discoveries. It does not set up claims for the Bible, which it does not set up for itself. If our liberalists and secularists deny what is denominated the Fall of Man, the Shaker will take them on their own ground and prove scientifically that the human species are, and have been in an abnormal condition for untold ages as respects the laws of sexualism. Sexually our race is fallen and degraded to an extent unknown in any other department of the animal kingdom. And the Shaker will tell you, could he but lift the race up as high as the properly natural plane of life, Shaker societies would increase, and multitudes who now stand aloof would flock to them as doves to their windows. Reluctant as the world is to concede it, Shakerism aims its blows at the real root of all evil. During those periods, when the nations of the earth have most rioted in wickedness, then licentiousness has been most rampant. How little is the world conscious that its most terrible woes have arisen from this source. What a singular episode in history was the advent of Ann Lee. Unlettered in the extreme, as the world phrases it, unacquainted with even the rudiments of an education, the founder of a community that has now reached a longevity to which all other modern communal systems are and have been strangers, requiring her devotees to bear a cross against which there is almost universal rebellion, and still the greatest of communal victories. Were the Shakers to disband and disappear to-morrow, they have had a mission and have borne a sad testimony to the world's wrongs. In my younger days Ann Lee was spoken of in the most contemptuous terms. No intelligent modern writer thus treats her memory now. Kven the elite of Harvard University, with all their wisdom in the experiment at Brook Farm, most notably failed in their trial of communism. We can only explain the success of Mother Ann on the ground she was the instrument of the invisible world in her superior achievements. I have borne this testimony as a token of respect for a people who are and ever have been since my first acquaintance most highly esteemed for their superior excellence. Tunbridye, Vt.