Home Topics Salt Mackerel . — Soak salt mackerel over night, after washing them carefully in plenty of cold water; lay them in a dripping-pan, cover with hot water, and bake till tender ; drain from the water, and serve hot with butter gravy. Recently patented German process A recently patented German process for making rancid butter sweet is to knead it with perfectly clear lime water. After a few minutes' kneading the lime water is poured off, and the butter is thoroughly washed with water. The rancidity is caused by the presence of certain free acids, which are neutralized by the lime. For welding iron and steel... For welding iron and steel a composition has lately been patented in Europe, consisting of iron filings forty parts, borax twenty parts, balsam of copaiba or some other resinous oil two parts, and sal-ammoniac three parts. They are mixed, heated and pulverixed. The process of welding proceeds as usual, the surfaces to be welded are powdered with the composition, and then brought to a cherry-red heat, at which the powder melts, when the portions to be united are taken from the fire and joined. The Care of Clothing . — A clothes brush, a wisp broom, a bottle of ammonia, a sponge, a hand brush, a cake of erasivesoap, a viol of alcohol, should form a part of every toilet. After all dust has been removed from clothing, spots may be taken out of black cloth with the hand brush dipped in a mixture of equal parts of ammonia, alcohol and water. This will brighten as well as cleanse. Benzine is useful in removing grease spots. Spots of grease may be removed from colored silks by putting on them raw starch made into a paste with water. Dust is best removed from silk by a soft flannel, from velvet with a brush made specially for the purpose. If hats and bonnets when taken from the head are brushed and put away in boxes and covered up instead of being laid down anywhere, they will last a long time. Shawls and all articles that may be folded should be folded when taken from the person in their original creases and laid away. Cloaks should be hung up in place, gloves pulled out lengthwise, wrapped in tissue paper, and laid away, laces smoothed out nicely and folded, if requisite, so that they will come out of the box new and fresh when needed again. A strip of old black broadcloth,four or five inches wide, rolled up tightly and sewed to keep the roll in place, is better than a sponge or a cloth for cleansing black and dark-colored clothes. Whatever lint comes from it in rubbing is black and does not show. When black clothes are washed, as they may often be previous to making over, fresh clean water should be used, and they should be pressed on the wrong side before being quite dry If washed in water previously used for white clothing they will be covered with lint. A Curious Way to Deaden Pain .— The Medical Record contains a notice of a new and curious method of deadening pain which is of striking simplicity. It was discovered by Dr. Bonwill, a dentist of Philadelphia, in 1875. In 1876 Dr. A. Hewson made a favorable report of his experience with it to the International Medical Congress, and at a recent meeting of the Philadelphia County Medical Society several papers were read on the subject, and much discussion followed. In using the method, the operator merely requests the patient to breathe rapidly, making about 100 respirations per minute, ending in rapid puffing expirations. At the end of from two to five minutes an entire or partial absence of pain results for half a minute or more, and during that time teeth may be drawn or incisions made. The patient may be in any position, but that recommended is lying on the side, and it is generally best to throw a handkerchief over the face to prevent distraction of the patient's attention. When the rapid breathing is first begun the patient may feel some exhilaration ; following this comes a sensation of fullness in the head, or dizziness. The face is at first flushed, and afterward pale or even bluish, the heart beats rather feebly and fast, but the sense of touch is not affected, nor is consciousness lost. The effect is produced in females more readily than in males, and in the middle-aged more easily THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 281 than in the old ; children can hardly be made to breathe properly. It is denied that there is any possible danger. Several minor operations, other than frequent dental ones have been successfully made by this method, and it is claimed that in dentistry, minor surgery and obstetrics it may supplant the common anaesthetics. Dr. Hewson's explanation is that rapid breathing diminishes the oxygenation of the blood, and that the resultant excess of carbonic acid temporarily poisons the nerve centers. Dr. Bonwill gives several explanations, one being the specific effect of carbonic acid, another the diversion of will force produced by rapid voluntary muscular action, and third, the damming up the blood in the brain, due to the excessive amount of air passing into the lungs. The Record is not satisfied with the theories, but considers it well proved that pain may be deadened by the method, which it commends to the profession for the exact experimental determination of its precise value. How to Prevent the Ravages of Moths .— The destruction caused by these little pests can only be counted by millions yearly, and they are the plague of every housekeeper. Unless you hermetically seal a cask or box, you can scarcely keep the miller out, as she will crawl through a goodsized pin-hole. Therefore we must use something offensive. Nothing is so effective and cheap as petroleum paper, or even the common tar-roofing paper will answer. Buy the paper in rolls, cut ii into sections long enough to cover inside, the bottom and the sides, and lap over on the top of the box. All of the inside of the box must be covered, and on the inside of this again place wrapping paper, so as to prevent contact of the nice clothing with the petroleum paper. Use a large box— no matter about being very tight, as the paper will cover the holes—and pack in all your woollen, and furs, filling it full. Bring the paper up which has been hanging over the sides of the box and let it cover the whole, so that the miller cannot enter the box without crawling over the petroleum kpaper, which she will never do. Nail on the cover of the box and your clothing is safe for three years if you want to leave it that long. This is a specific against the ravages of the moth ; it is much cheaper and does not evaporate like camphor, and the carbolic acid in it seems to act like an antiseptic on the animal fibre of the wool to preserve it and make it healthful. In securing clothing against moths, if linen is used for wrappings, no moth will molest. Paper bags are equally good if they are perfectly tight, and so are trunks and boxes closed so tightly that no crevice is left open for the entrance of the moth fly. As the moth loves darkness, it will not molest even furs hung up in light rooms open to air and sunshine.