Home Topics Salt Mackerel . — Soak salt mackerel over night, after washing them carefully in plenty of cold water; lay them in a dripping-pan, cover with hot water, and bake till tender ; drain from the water, and serve hot with butter gravy. Recently patented German process A recently patented German process for making rancid butter sweet is to knead it with perfectly clear lime water. After a few minutes' kneading the lime water is poured off, and the butter is thoroughly washed with water. The rancidity is caused by the presence of certain free acids, which are neutralized by the lime. For welding iron and steel... For welding iron and steel a composition has lately been patented in Europe, consisting of iron filings forty parts, borax twenty parts, balsam of copaiba or some other resinous oil two parts, and sal-ammoniac three parts. They are mixed, heated and pulverixed. The process of welding proceeds as usual, the surfaces to be welded are powdered with the composition, and then brought to a cherry-red heat, at which the powder melts, when the portions to be united are taken from the fire and joined. The Care of Clothing . — A clothes brush, a wisp broom, a bottle of ammonia, a sponge, a hand brush, a cake of erasivesoap, a viol of alcohol, should form a part of every toilet. After all dust has been removed from clothing, spots may be taken out of black cloth with the hand brush dipped in a mixture of equal parts of ammonia, alcohol and water. This will brighten as well as cleanse. Benzine is useful in removing grease spots. Spots of grease may be removed from colored silks by putting on them raw starch made into a paste with water. Dust is best removed from silk by a soft flannel, from velvet with a brush made specially for the purpose. If hats and bonnets when taken from the head are brushed and put away in boxes and covered up instead of being laid down anywhere, they will last a long time. Shawls and all articles that may be folded should be folded when taken from the person in their original creases and laid away. Cloaks should be hung up in place, gloves pulled out lengthwise, wrapped in tissue paper, and laid away, laces smoothed out nicely and folded, if requisite, so that they will come out of the box new and fresh when needed again. A strip of old black broadcloth,four or five inches wide, rolled up tightly and sewed to keep the roll in place, is better than a sponge or a cloth for cleansing black and dark-colored clothes. Whatever lint comes from it in rubbing is black and does not show. When black clothes are washed, as they may often be previous to making over, fresh clean water should be used, and they should be pressed on the wrong side before being quite dry If washed in water previously used for white clothing they will be covered with lint.