AN ENGLISH PREACHER PROPOSES A NEW CONFESSION OF FAITH AND THE ABOLITION OF SECTARIAN LINES. Dr. Joseph Parker [In a note appended in our November issue, we commented upon the growing and glowing prospects of the rise and growth of a purer and broader Christianity. We copy from an exchange some of these prospects, as proposed by one who is at least the second most popular minister on the other side of the water.—Ed.] , pastor of the City Temple, and a Congregational minister of some prominence in England, sends the following letter to the London Times: ' The boldness of the proposal I am about to submit warrants me in seeking for it a place in columns no less distinguished than your own. You have recently published reports of the primate's visitation addresses, and a day or to ago you commented upon them in a tone with which my proposal will distinctly harmonize. I cannot but express very deep dissatisfaction with the authoritative addresses which are delivered from many of our ecclesiastical chairs from time to time. As sectarian or denominational addresses they are admirable, and are justly applauded by the companies for which they were prepared ; but, viewed in their larger relations, I cannot but feel that they are often wholly outside the thinking of one section of the community, and the immediate need of another. Has not the time come when the points of union should be magnified and the points of differences be reduced to minimum 1 My own impression is that there are thousands of Christians in England who have no connection with the sects, and who, strange as it may appear, are not aware of their own Christianity. This anomaly is to be accounted for by the fact that in the hands of the sects Christianity has become a set of theological opinions and definitions, instead of being left as the spirit of selfsacrifice for the good of others. Christianity is not a form, it is a spirit, it knows nothing of articles, catechisms, standards, and subscriptions to tests or creeds. All these are merely human arrangements or conveniences, and if not kept in their proper places they will do more mischief than it is in the power of atheism to effect. I do not hesitate to say that sectarian theology is the most mischievous influence of the age. Men who think carefully and broadly will never be united on this basis ; it is too narrow, too vague, and too controvertible. Is it not possible to find a point at which all reverent thinkers will unite in cordial fellowship ? In my opinion it is quite possible, and if possible it must be infinitely desirable. Whoever adopts and practices the principle of self-sacrifice for the good of others is, in my view, a living Christian, whatever he may think of any point in socalled dogmatic theology. He may not even be a theologian at all; and if not, so much the better, unless he be a man of very exceptional intellectual and moral capacity. I make the broadest possible distinction between Christianity and theology, and my proposal is to operate upon that distinction by encouraging the formation of an inclusive alliance, whose one principle of union shall be that self-sacrifice for the good of others is the true law of life. Christians most come to the rescue of Christianity when it is disfigured by sectarian badges and compelled to speak the alien language of sectarian definitions and orthodoxies. I do not propose to interfere with aDy thing that is legitimate in denominationalism. As long as the world endures men who think alike will unite for the propagation of their opinions, and this is most wise and proper ; but my inquiry is, whether there is not below and above all denominational formalities a principle which can unite and inspire men of the most diverse theological convictions, and whether that principle ought not to be primarily recognized so as to set all differences in their just relationship and perspective. I cannot but believe that there is a nobler word than Pan-Anglican, Pan-Presbyterian, or Pan-Methodism, and that nobler word is Pan-Christian. The Trinitarian and the Unitarian are both Christians, so are the Calvanist and the Arminian ; but when do they ever meet on the broad ground of Christianity and make a common declaration that their religion is deeper than their theology ? I leave my proposal of an inclusive alliance or association to make its own im- 272 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. pression on your readers, and I hope his grace, the archbishop of Canterbury, will not regard the suggestion as out of harmony with his broad and generous addresses.'