Crucifixion — a vision [From the Press and Knickerbocker. ] CRUCIFIXION-A VISIONNot with the deed upon Calvary's hill, When the Saviour hung bleeding, his life pulses still, Crucifixion was ended. The cross that stood there In His last solemn warning, that all must prepare, By true crucifixion, Salvation to share. Crucifixion of Hatred, and Malice and Pride — Of Uncharity, Selfishness — all sins beside That darken the soul and bind it to the Earth That hold it from rising toward Heavenly birth. Sorrow may crucify, misfortune and pain, The evil of others—their harm, if our gain— But here or hereafter Crucifixion must come, Ere the peace and the joy of Heaven are won. And woe to the spirit that passes throueh life, Gathering darkness — turning from light. A vision appears to my awe-stricken gaze ; A vision that fills my rapt soul with amaze. I see a steep mount, for earth's children to climb ; At its summit, a cross that stands through all time, And in the far heavens that open above Are circles of angels, bearing pity and love. Up the face of the mount stream the spirits of men — A vast, endless concourse that Death's minions send ; Each clothed with a garnment, self-woven through life — Of many dark colors — some black, and some white. External justice the cross stands beside, To each spirit that mounts it, his lance is applied — All that have woven their life-garments bright Suffer not on the cross, but ascend from the sight. While to every dark spirit, for each shade or hue, Retributive sufferings from Jesus issue, And such as grow pure by the pains from that hand, Are borne upward by angels that waiting there stand. But see ! On the cross hangs a soul black as night, 'NeatlTthe tortures of Justice it struggles with might; The venom of Evil pours forth from each wound, And its poisonous stain seems to darken the ground. And now 'neath the cross, through the heart of the mount, Deep ! deep ! below reach of all vision or thought — A black abyss sinks. This soul torn from the cross, Is plunged therein, for Hell's gain and Heaven's loss. Yet, not forever ! E'en now do I hear That voice through the ages, still echoing clear — That pleading appeal to the Mercy on high— 'Father, forgive them' — all souls—ere they die. And now through the ranks of the angels above, Pours a sweet, holy light—the light of God's love, The blackness thai covers the realms of the lost, By that pure beam from Heaven is riven and tost — And the souls that are touched by one ray of its light, Start up from these depths, amazed with new sight — And moans of Repentance float up to the sky, As they painfully climb toward the Glory on High. While a voice like a trumpet sounds over the earth. So ends the vision. What lesson, if any, is shown ? Truth, meekness and goodness the spirit must own — And sin of all shades be .expelled from, the heart, Ere the soul on his Heavenward journey can start. Press and knickerbocker