TO THE INFLUENTIAL CHRISTIAN CLERGY We the Shakers, wish to be presented properly, and to you : You are the invested parties—invested by the constituted authorities of religious bodies, outside of Shakerdom—to reveal to the people the most solemn and consequential errand that in our day has been presented to the people. Your flocks look to you for the instruction that will lead them to those.pastures, here and hereafter, that will be ever green and positively satisfactory. 276 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. We ask you to consider the primary principles that the gospel of Jesus intended : We hold, that it intended a revolutionary, but peaceful change of the Mosaic dispensation; and to embrace the radical, changeful views of the old to the new. This change would demand acknowledgment on your part, the essential principles which we, the Shakers, are endeavoring to present and press upon the whole world. 1. That Jesus, the Christ, while acknowledging the good of the past, did present as superior life, Virginity ; not to oppose, but to elevate the conditions which the civil contract of marriage would imply and impose. Is virginity a necessity of Christian faith and practice? Then where are you? Did Jesus teach the Christian practice of Peace ? How do you teach upon this subject, pertaining to the family and to the nations ? Are your deliberations joro or con to the constitution of an equality of the entire Christian family—and if pro how is this to be accomplished under your teachings ? We ask you to consider the teachings and practice of the earliest, Christian, Pentecostal Church upon this subject, and to teach accordingly, and with no evasion. How shall you follow your divinely appointed master in teaching, if you do not teach as the Shakers do, that Separation prom the World, and from tuorldly practices is a Christian necessity ? And what is marriage ? What is Private Property ? AVhat are War and Family Contentions ? What are Politics and the general worldly commingling ? Are any of these of Christ Jesus ? However any of these are pleasing to you, or to your would-be Christian teachings, will you not reform and be honest in deeds, and teach Christ, and not self nor selfishness? Let us reflect. We ask you kindly, dispassionately and without partisan and theological bias, to teach Jesus Christ, and his simple, unpopular, Christian life. Will you do it ? ft