Bro. G. A. Lomas: If you will allow me some space in the Manifesto I will... Pawling, Chester Co., Pa., Oct. 30,1880 Bro. G. A. Lomas: If you will allow me some space in the Manifesto I will present a few thoughts in regard to the society of Shakers I have recently spent some time with at Mt. Le. banon, and from what information I have gained, I have realized that in utilizing nature's resources to the comforts and conveniences of those who are readyand willing to live the celibate life in a unitary home, that the society has proven a grand success; has kept pace with the age of progress in agriculture, horticulture, fruit growing, improved implements, machinery, buildings, etc, also in hygiene and the best methods oi' attaining to, and preserving healthy bodies with all the appliances for cleanliness, plenty of pure water applied inwardly and outwardly; also a system of drainage and ventilation to insure breathing pure air, practical industry is also habitual, and with all of these my sentiments agree. The religious forms to my mind are not in keeping wiih the age of progress in which we now live, as religion is progressive as well as the moral and intellectual states are progressive; and any system of worship, adopted one hundred years ago, would necessarily be tainted more or less with the prejudices and teachings of that day. Pure and unadulterated religion is the spontaneous outflow of the emotional nature, and is as varied in expression as mankind differ in stature and appearance. Whenever you undertake to formulate the emotional nature, the substance vanishes and leaves only the shadows. To formulate religion is purely an individual matter ; it cannot be confined or its qualities measured by any forms or ceremonial worship ; it is only by the results shown in our lives. That individual who lives the purest, noblest and best life, has the best religion, although he takes no part in any forms or ceremonies of worship. The universe of matter is governed by fixed laws, and man is a free agent, subject to those immutable laws. God has no arbitrary laws, therefore mankind are at liberty to use the resources of nature to elevate and raise up man in all his faculties both physically, morally and intellectually. Those are my convictions after thirty or forty years of unprejudiced study and investigation into the economy of nature, which is the word of God, as God has never spoken to mankind in any other way than through natural law. We may have converse with advanced spirits or angels, but can only talk with God through the phenomena of nature. Now as you can only receive accessions from those without, and as the world of matter and all things are progressing, you will necessarily have to take in those of advanced thought or confine your additions to the illiterate or ig- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 273 norant. I am an applicant for admission but do not wish to put on any straight jacket. In regard to religion I want to keep my mind or reason unfettered. I want to keep constantly on the outlook for the highest gifts or knowledge. (Truth is my motto and reason my interpreter.) . D. Madden