EARNESTNESS CHARLES BAXTER BOSTOCK Not • being gifted with fluent speech as some are, yet having thoughts that may do others good if known to them, causes me to note the following, in the hope that they may, perchance, lead others to do the same, and thereby be the cause of preserving gome valuable thoughts of other and abler minds. The most striking idea brought to my mind in reading the life of Jesus Christ is, the intense energy or earnestness of His character, for, from the time we find Him saying to His mother, ' Wist ye not that I must be about my Father's business ? ' up to the hour of His death, we can see the quiet, resistless earnestness of His character showing itself in every word and deed of His recorded life. Earnestness is the foundation of true character ; without earnestness we are, nay, must perforce be, of those lukewarm ones whom we are warned against in the Bible ; in the outside world, in business, in fact wherever we look we find the successful ones to be those who have devoted every energy of mind and body to their work, in other words, have been in earnest ; they are conscious of having a mission to fulfill, and are self-consecrated to their work and its fulfillment. This subject grows on us the more we view it, and I hope some, who are better qualified than I am, will take it up and clothe it with justice. I feel that I can only be a finger-post, and a poor one at that, but still useful in its place. What would have been the present condition of our society if we were not now enjoying the fruits of that band of earnest workers, Mother Ann, James Whittaker, Joseph Meacham, Lucy Wright and others whose names are too numerous to repeat. They went through trials and struggles that I am afraid would daunt some of us ; and what carried them through all ? A consciousness of a divine mission and a resistless earnestness of purpose that inspired them to go through and'conquer. Demosthenes, when asked what was the secret of successful oratory, is said to have replied : ' There are three things needful ; the first is Practice ; the second is Practice ; and the third is Practice. I would add Earnestness, Earnestness, Earnestness, are the three things we want to enable us to succeed in our holy calling. The words, 'seek and ye shall find, ask and it shall be given unto you,' inculcate a lesson of earnestness we would do well to lay up in our minds and act on in our lives. ' By their fruitsshall ye know them ! ' If we apply this test to the author of the saying, what do we find ? An example we can follow but hardly expect to realize. One, who from the moment His recorded public life begins, we find engaged in the constant prosecution of His work. When He left the place of His baptism, full of the Holy Ghost, it was to enter on His mighty task ; and from that time to the hour when He said ''It is finished,' He was incessantly about His Father's business, doing a work in the short time of His public life (about three years and six months), that could only be done by Earnestness. Mount Lebanon, J¥. T.