THE TEMPLE OF SOLOMON. Emblematic of man, and prophetic of his destiny DANIEL FRASER To get an understanding of the significance of the porch of the temple and its contents, is to get the key of the temple. All things are the subjects of law; the atom and orb alike yield sweet obedience. Man is required to do no more. The temple and its ordinances were for the maintenance of laws involving the physical and moral welfare of all; and emphati- cally pointed to a higher law and life, than was embraced in the Mosaic dispensation. To open some of these pointings is the object of this paper. The temple was emblematic of man not as he is, but what he can attain to. The Jews were called but to an observance of hygienic and moral law; and of these, but to a limited extent. Thence, the Law made not the comers thereinto perfect. The fulfillment of divine law does, and gives a wider scope to the action of said laws. The temple had a porch, a holy place, and a holy of holies. Man has a body, a soul, and a spirit; his body is the porch; his soul the holy place. Within these is a spirit — a holy of holies. When the ' veil of the flesh, which is cast over the face of all na6 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. tions' is removed, these matters will be better understood. The temple stood lengthwise, east and west; in the porch there were two pillars of brass, about three feet in diameter; and with their chapiters, upwards of forty feet high. That on the right hand was called Jackin — to establish; that on the left, Boaz — to strengthen. They did not support any part of the porch, they stood each on its own foundation. Without doubt, they had an impressive appearance, and could easily be accepted as emphatic emblems of the two principles or pillars — Hygiene and morals, on which Jewish life individually and socially rested. These pillars are also emblematic and prophetic of the two anointed ones, whose function it was to introduce, to strengthen, establish, and be the pillars of the New Creation. They also stood as did the pillars. Wherever there is a lack of hygienic and moral righteousness, in that degree, there will be bodily weakness, and social disunion. Feeling the importance of these laws, Jesus uttered these remarkable words: ' It is easier for heaven and earth to pass away, than for any part of the Law to fail.' Again, ' not a jot shall pass from it, till all shall be fulfilled.' Six hundred years before these words were spoken, the prophet saw the glories of the latter day; and the word to him was ' I will put my law in their inward parts, and write it on their hearts ; they will be my people and I will be their God.' (But), ' if these ordinances pass from before me, saith the Lord, then Israel shall cease being a nation before me forever.' Does not the increasing light on the principles alluded to indicate that the glories of the latter day cannot be far off ? Are not the hill tops already illuminated? The temple and its courts was the place of prayer for all nations, emblematic of the human sentiment, ' all men are equal.' It was approached through three separately inclosed courts. The court of Israel, the court of the Gentiles, and the court of the Priests. These courts were open above, but the galleries ^supported by two or three row; of pillars, afforded shelter, and apartment for the necessary uses of the temple and the people. Within the court of the priests, and over against the eastern gate, was the altar of sacrifice; to the west of the altar was the porch. The altar, its distance from the porch, its fires, and the sacrifices thereon, are replete with significance. They represent conscience, conviction, repentance and atonement; that nothing impure should go beyond the altar, is the emblematic intent, that every animal emotion should be consumed by fire preparatory to the worship of God. To worship God, is to irritate him, to be like him. Even the priests were not acceptable unless they were sanctified ; and even then, before they entered the holy place, they had to wash their hands and feet. Emblematically expressive, that in all our goings forth, in all that our hands find to do, that purity of life is an imperative requirement of all who would approach the Eternal Parentage. 'Be ye clean who bear the vessels of Jehovah.' ' The law of the house of holiness unto the Lord ' ; the prophet saw that in the future common things would be sanctified, that even cooking utensils would be set apart to the fulfillment of hygienic law. When Moses saw the bush burning and not consumed, 'he turned aside to seethe great sight.' The voice from the midst of the bush was, ' put off thy shoes from thy feet, for the place on which thou standest is holy ground.' Jacob on a certain occasion exclaimed: ' How dreadful is this place, this is none other but the house of God, and the gate to heaven!' We live in times when sacred things are often treated in a spirit of lightness; this mainly arises from a lack of growth into the law of the higher life, and from a want of a knowledge of its bearings, hence, irreverence is ignorance, and a lack of culture. In approaching the holy place, let us put off our shoes, and wash and be clean in spirit. With proper feelings let us enter the courts of the temple; pause, and kneel at the altar, enter the porch, pass between the pillars, look within the holy place, but enter not. There are the holy lights; in man's consciousness there are also lights; there is the bread; a symbol of the 7 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. bread of life, and of its renewal from time to time. The golden altar of incense from which ascend the aspirations of honest hearts, as pure as is the altar's gold, is there. Beyond, we see the veil of separation; it is lifted but for a moment; there are the cherubim ; their wings spread from wall to wall; the Ark of the testimonies,and the mercy seat are also there. The veil is dropped, and we retire to seek a knowledge of these sacred symbols. The Cherubims with extended wings, their faces towards the Holy of Holies, show, that there is a line of separation between even the justified natural man, and the angelic life. The sins of the natural man may be atoned for by repentance, and the sacrifice of the lives of sheep and goats; but access to the holy of holies can only be reached by the sacrifice (spiritually) of his own animal emotional life, and by the unfoldment of the germ of angelic life within him. This agrees with the testimony of Jesus: ' Except a man be born again, he cannot enter the kingdom of heaven,' the holy of holies. Again, except a man forsakes Ms relationships of father and mother, etc., and his own lower life also, he cannot enter that kingdom. This agrees also with prophetic declarations — ' Behold, I create a new heaven and earth, and the old shall not be remembered, nor come into mind.' Again, '' with thee, the angelic man or divine principles, 1 will break in pieces kingdoms and nations. With thee, I will break in pieces the horse and its rider, and the chariot and its rider, the elements of human pride and display. With thee, I will break in pieces captains and rulers, the elements of war. With thee, I will break in pieces the shepherd and his sheep, the husbandman and his yoke of oxen, individual and selfish interests. With thee, also, will I break in pieces man and woman, the old relationships, all the Adamicties and loves. With thee, I will break in pieces the young man and the maid, the organizing affinities, and created forces of the old creation. And they, the Angelic Order, will not take of these a stone for a corner, nor a stone for a foundation, but they shall be desolate forever, saith the Lord.' The ark contained the testimonies ; they were judgment to the line against all unrighteousness—all violations of hygienic and moral law. Repentance, confession and sacrifice were the conditions of access to the mercy seat. The presence of the cherubim on that seat declares mercy to be an angelic attribute. Most people find in themselves a judgment seat, sit thereon, and judge others freely, to find the mercy seat in our own spirits, and extend the wings of the cherub in piece and goodness to all, is the work we are called to do. A singular feature of this wonderful temple was the many little chambers which hung on the external walls, about large enough to accommodate one person. They were in three rows. ' In my Father's House, there are many mansions.' These chambers may represent the states of individuals, and the rows, general conditions. The central person in the temple was the High Priest; he was clothed with divine authority, and bore the conditions of all the tribes; the name of each tribe rested on his shoulders and on his breast. Every Jew had a claim on his love and blessing. Love is the credential of God-given authority ; he was anointed with its emblem—oil, till it flowed to the skirts of his garments— to all the people. Love makes all the machinery of life go smoothly. The father and mother of the new creation were anointed with love above all their fellows, all their children are known by it ; ' and this is love, that ye keep their commandments ;' and love all who do. Thus you will fulfill the new requirement. The holy of holies was opened once a year, showing that there is such a place in every human spirit yet to be opened, and the conditions thereof attained to; also, showing that a divine order of human life and procedure will be instituted upon earth. Its manifestations will be virgin purity, goods in common, a government of love, and angelic obedience; and that all accumulations of consecrated property shall be applied beneficially, not to speculate with, nor to usurious ends. The Holy of Holies is the home and destiny of all angelic men and women. The necessity and value of a heaven ap8 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. pointed and a love anointed priesthood to humanity are unspeakably great. Without such, angelic obedience cannot be attained, there being no altar on which self can be laid. Seeing and feeling the lost condition of men in this respect, I am led to bend my spirit low in prayer. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.