THE HINDOO'S REQUEST MARTHA J. ANDERSON Friends and kindred, I am dying, Death's cold hand is on my brow, And alone, my heart is sighing, That the change is coming now. But I ask you, yet to bear me To the Ganges — sacred stream — Where my fathers have before me, Dreamed earth's last and sweetest dream. I would gaze upon the bosom Of those waters clear and bright; Cast upon the tide some blossom, Emblem of immortal light. While I view the sky above me, And the palms outspreading wide, I will think of those who love me, And my time in patience bide. Take me at the day's first dawning, Place me on the verdant sod, And without a thought of mourning, Leave me to commune with God. Where the winds and waves—low moaning— Death's soft requiem shall sing, And the angel harps intoning, Heavenly harmonies shall bring.' Soon beside the flowing river, On his humble mat he lay, Where his soul went out forever In the golden light of day. And the last faint words were spoken In a spirit true and calm. ' Hope and trust are still unbroken, 1 shall yet be one with Brahm.' For the ancient faith had taught him Reabsorption of the soul; And a holy life had brought him Perfect power of self-control. Thus at rest, unto the mortal Friendly offerings were brought, As they bore him through the portal Of the high-walled burial Ghaut. Kindly hands, in preparation Reared the teen ted funeral pyre, And the process of cremation, Soon was wrought by ruthless fire. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 13 Priests with solemn rites attending. Slowly paced around the pile, • Incense sweet from censers sending, Chanting dirges all the while. And the white-robed mourners tarried 'Till the last gleam died away ; Then in earth were ashes buried, Dust to dust, without decay. In India it has been a custom, from time immemorial, to burn the dead. The Ganges, the largest river in Hindostan, is the Hindoo's sacred stream, in which they freely bathe, and before which they pay their religious devotions. To die with one's face toward its waters is deemed by the trusting and reverential Hindoo a great blessing conferred on the soul. Their burial Ghauts are walled inclosures, along1 the banks of the river, within which they rear their funeral piles; for the wealthy, sandal and spice wood are used. Friends bring rice and fruit, which are placed in the coffin. Priests perform the last duties with a solemnity becoming the scene ; first anointing the head and sprinkling the body; then, during the process of burning, they walk slowly around the pyre, 'chanting prayers of consolation' and peace. Quite in contrast to western custom, the mourners dress in pure white.