Editorial THE CHURCH OF CHRIST. TO-DAY AND IN THE FUTURE We have strongly advocated an Ecclesiastical Council, .to determine what really is the Church of Christ; not as aagured by the various theological academies, but one fashioned after the primitive arrangement of affairs, that tended to make brethren in deed and in truth of 'all who believed.' Certainly this would be a Paradise — a heaven on earth —if all would live as Jesus lived, seeking to make others happy, regardless of the cost to his or her selfish comfort. If none could feel happy until all the surroundings were so, what an effort would be made to create a heaven on earth ! And this effort would create a new individual of any who would engage in the enterprise; and while the world would call such an individual ' an eccentric,' none the less would the world roll on towards a heavenly perfection. ' Oh, that Christ would come!' has been the throbbings of many sincere hearts ; but these same hearts would be numbered among those who are unready for the establishment of things on earth as they have them in heaven. The founder of the Oneida Community resisted the Shaker idea of Celibacy, upon the ground that heaven would be incomplete with it — and the world at large agree with him. Yet there stands the grand examplai* Christ — a Celibate. The Community spirit is acknowledged as right by the various churches, but the practice is limited to accommodate individual selfishness to an extent that leaves the churches with their rich and pooi----very unequally sharing the blessings of this life, and fully representing the parable of Dives and Lazarus for the future. If the parable was a truthful picture, then the churches of to-day are preparing startling comparisons, to be evidenced in more truthful reality in ' the world to come.' If heaven to come — if it comes upon earth — means peace, what shall the churches do with the elements of war, strife, contentions Y 'Whence come all these ?' said the grandest Apostle James. And if they come from the lusts of the people now, as they did from the people then, have not the churches of to-day a duty to do which they are not performing ? So flagrant were the wrongs of the olden Church of Rome — so given to contentions and strife, so wanton in lusts and worse, that every feature of these lusts were evidenced in its ranks — that the champion of the Reform Church, Luther, while finding but little of the real Christ in Rome, did himself only subside from Christian testimony, while contending for un- christian indulgences, and call the epistle of James ' an epistle of straw !' Are the churches of to-day ready for the advent of the Christ ? Are they ready to welcome the Jesus of old, renewed in all the glory and power of the heavens, to introduce anew his humble testimony, of Celibacy for the kingdom's sake on earth ? Are they ready to equalize all their members, after the pattern, when 'all who believe are together, and none possess aught he or she calls 18 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. her or his own ?' When none are married? When no one says this or that is mine ? When peace and quietness reign ? Such is the Church of Christ, and such is to be the grand church of the future, in vaster numbers than ever were counted! And what will bring about all this grand evolution ? Simply, the overwhelming conviction that in the absence of the Christ, the self-denials of the same Christ have been wanting. Simply, that until those same denials are inaugurated, the Church of Christ cannot be again established. Is the selfishness of man and of the world forever to predominate? Every church in Christendom to-day prays, 'Heaven forbid! ' Yet nearly every church fosters, directly or indirectly, the elements which make the coming of Christ, evidenced among the people, an impossibility. 'When Jesus comes,' we will see a church, like the one of olden time, patterned after the heavens, where people will live as they believe the angels live in heaven — Virgins, because why ? Brethren and sisters in Christ, not husbands and wives, and why? 'None possessing aught he calls his own,' and why? The Church of God, of Christ, in the future, and in the present, will present some of these noble, unselfish, primitive Christian Church features. Are the churches ready for the change ? Tis not that the hypocrite despises a good character... 'Tis not that the hypocrite despises a good character; that he has not one himself ; but because he thinks he can purchase it at a cheaper rate than the practice of it, and thus obtain all the applause of good men merely by pretending to be so. EDITORIAL NOTES HAPPY YEAR Once more we come, wishing all a Happy New Year ! Happiness consists in doing good at the expense of self and selfishness, and this self-denial will ever make heaven on earth. We come to the people anew, teaching unpopular, unpalatable truths — but truths none the less. If Shaker teaching represents the Christ of olden time and now, how far off from Christ are the popular churches, and their numerous following? We wish a Happy Year in the reintroduction into the churches of the ancient sacraments. We wish a Happy New Year of Jesus' life; of Paul's life; of each and every Apostle's life of the Christ of old.' Not only in the form of Monks and Nuns; not only in the name of Celibates; not only as apostles of Peace, of Brotherhoods and unworldly named institutions; but let us have a Happy New Year in the resurrection of Christ in Spirit, wherein ' the old' selfish world and ourselves will have departed, and we shall be ' new creatures ' indeed, and new in Christ's life, and after his pattern!