Home Topics Keep tea in a close chest... Keep tea in a close chest or canister. Keep coffee by itself, as its odor affects other articles. Bread or cake should be kept in a tin box or stone jar. Oil cloth is ruined... Oil cloth is ruined by the application of lye soap, as the lye eats the cloth. To select nutmegs... To select nutmegs, prick them with a pin. If they are good the oil will instantly spread around the puncture. When you drive a nail into a wall... When you drive a nail into a wall, clothes-press or closet, to hang things on, drive it through a spool up to the head. To clean brass kettles... To clean brass kettles, after washing clean, take a teacup of vinegar and a table- spoonful of fine salt; wash every spot on the inside of the kettle with it; then rinse off in pure water. A remedy for corns is as follows... A Remedy for corns is as follows: Bathe the feet in tepid water, 1o soften the corns ; pare these off very closely with a sharp knife; then rub on well green peach tree leaves; after continuing the rubbing once or twice a day, the corns will disappear. Diseased teeth Diseased Teeth.—A distinguished anatomist made the assertion that a particle of matter taken from a decayed tooth, if inoculated into a person's veins, would produce almost instant death. Dr. Ewer tried the experiment on a dog, and it died in twenty minutes. The amount of disease produced by retaining decayed teeth in the mouth is immense. The dentist is one of our best friends.—Dr. Dio Lewis. Neuralgia Neuralgia.— For neuralgia in the face or other acute suffering elsewhere, the following remedy has been tried with good effect: Cut a thick slice of bread all across the loaf — fresh bread is best; soak one side for a minute in boiling water, and rapidly sprinkle cayenne pepper over the hot side; apply while still smoking hot to the painful surface. The bread retains the heat long enough for the cayenne pepper to begin to act, and cayenne does not affect the delicate skin as mustard does. It acts as a rubefacient, but not as a blister. Beets Beets. — One of the most satisfactory ways to cook beets is to bake them. When boiled, even if their jackets are left on, a great deal of the best part of the beet is dissolved, and so lost. It will, of course, take a little longer to bake than to boil them; but this is no objection. Allow from fifteen to twenty minutes more for baking; slice them, and heat as you would if they were boiled. After they are cooked, season with pepper, salt and butter, and a squeeze of lemon