HUMILITY—DIGNITY WM. H. BUSSELL The life of a Christian is a life of contrasts. Lowliness in him is set against pride, a marked trait in the character of human beings. There is no necessary condition of life, it matters not how others regard it, but the disciple of Christ assumes that, cheerfully, even gladly. Is the man who does the world's work, without which neither physical, mental nor moral life can be sustained, deemed and held as a chattel, a thing, a slave ? The Christian is kin to such, in condition at least; for he ' labors, working with his own hands.' It is worthy of note that the apostle Paul, in some of his epistles, applies to himself and his fellow laborers the term doulos — slave: 'Paul and Timothy, the douloi — the slaves of Jesus Christ;' 'Paul, the doulos — the slave of God.' In his epistle to the Philippians he applies the same term to Jesus Christ himself. ' Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus ; who, being in the form of a God, did not think the being equal to a God something to be sought for, but made himself a nobody, taking the form of a slave — therefore the very God has highly exalted him.' The term was adopted, doubtless, from sympathy with the lowest condition which human pride has imposed upon man. Had Jesus thought the dignity and grandeur of a Jupiter or a Mars worth aiming at, he evidently possessed the natural endowments equal to the task ; but far higher, in reality, were his aims — to be one inspirit with Divine Love; to put himself on an equality with the lowliest, and thus ultimately to raise himself and them to a seat on the very throne of Universal Beneficence. The world's work is performed by its workers. They are, under God, the creators of its wealth, whether that consist of material or mental wealth ; and they, of all persons, should enjoy its advantages. Hitherto they have labored, but others, for the most part, have appropriated the fruits of their labors. This has been done not by the secular aristocracy alone, but by the 9 10 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. priestly as well. These classes have not only taken what has belonged of right to others; they have assumed numerous titles — sham dignities— and called upon others to do them reverence because of these shams. The real reverence that belongs to meekness, kindness, gentleness and love has often been displayed towards arrogance, haughtiness and vanity. These are among the lessons that mankind have had to learn, but, thank God, they are beginning, little by little, to unlearn them. The passions and fashions of the world pass away, though slowly. Better things must come and they do come. It is worth one's while to acquaint himself with the history of the past to be assured of the victories which the advancing ages are surely gaining over the ignorance and consequent brutality of the remote as well as the nearer past. Oppression gradually relaxes its chains ; pride carries a neck less stiff; love is regarded as less a passion and more a principle that has in view the supreme wel- fare of man; faith lays hold of the Infinite Patience that is never discouraged at what seems to short-sighted man perpetual disaster.