Agricultural NOTS OF THE HORSE:. Going up hill, whip me not; Going down hill, hurry me not; On level road, spare me not; Loose in stable, forget me not; Of hay and corn rob me not; Of clean water stint me not; Of soft, dry bed deprive me not; Tired and hot, wash me not; If sick or cold, chill me not; With sponge and brush neglect me not; With bits and reins, oh, jerk me not; And when you are angry, strike me not. Measuring corn. A number of rules for measuring corn have been published. As a multiplicity of rules tends to confuse, the question arises, why can we not have one good rule. The reason is obvious. New corn will not measure as many bushels to the foot or inches as old corn, on account of shrinkage. A crib of corn measured in the fall will not yield as many bushels to the cubic foot as when measured in the spring or summer. Corn in wagon, when first put in, will not measure as much to the foot as when hauled several miles. Hence the necessity of working by different rules under different circumstances. All rules are based upon the number of cubic inches in a bushel of shelled corn, which is 2150.4. If all corn shelled out the same, under all circumstances it would be very easy to have one rule As near right as any rule I have tried is twelve cubic feet to the barrel for corn in crib in the fall of the year, eleven and a half feet in spring time and about eleven feet in summer; twelve feet as thrown in wagon in the field and eleven and a quarter hauled four or five miles. Patent flour. Almost everybody knows of patent flour, but not everybody understands what it is. Stripped of technicalities, this is about the story of its manufacture. The best flour used to be made of winter wheat. Spring wheat yielded either much less in quantity, or else so much of the. bran got into the flour in its manufacture that its color was intolerably dark. The wheat would be ground and then bolted. In the refuse — the bran and middlings — would be included a large proportion of the spring wheat, and this would sell more particularly for feed for horses. Now, the best of flour, and the most expensive, is made of this very refuse of the old-fashioned process. It all came out of the discovery of a way to draw out the bran. Under the new process the wheat is ground about as before. The first result is an ordinary flour sold for exportation. Then the remainder is taken and put upon great horizontal sieves, and while agitation is going on there, an ingenious system of draft is rushing up through and carries off the bran. What is left is the glutinous portion of the wheat, the most nutritious and most productive, and out of this purified now by the drawing off of the bran, we get our new process flour. The result of the discovery of the process has been to make the poor spring wheat of Minnesota and upper Wisconsin the most valu able of grain. Farm Tools. Farm tools will rust out sooner than they will wear out. Many farmers injure their farm implements more by exposure to the weather than by the use on the farm. An implement which witli good care would last twenty years, will, when exposed to the weather, become use less in five years, or even less. A farm-cart which, with good usage, would last almost a lifetime, will last only a few years when exposed to the weather. The reason why farming does not pay with many is found in this neglect to take care of the farm tools. All farm implements are costly, and the farmer who has to buy three or four times as many as his neighbor, because he does not, take care of them, of course will not find much profit in farming. The same carelessness in any other kind of business would ensure equally as disastrous results. Lewiston Journal.