LIFE, NOT AN ECHO, BUT A JEWEL G. B. AVERY This subject is of incomparable importance, and in dealing with it, we have to consider the different notions of life involved, and the stuff each is made of. All individuals, classes and characters in society are filling up their measured cup of life, the contents of which are either embittered by the mixture of principles, qualities and characters not compatible with the unchangeable laws of God, or sweetened by a line of conduct conformable to the same, An old time writer asks: ' Dost thou love life ? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.' This phase of life has reference to the period during which the soul and body are united — between birth and death. The ambitious politician fancies he is liv ing when canvassing for the votes, and feel ing the social pulse of his countrymen, by firing their blood and sympathy through stump speeches, and dinner toasts. The speculator supposes himself living when buying the trophies of his pursuit for thousands, and selling the same for hundreds of thousands. The miser anticipates his living in getting and hoarding his silver, gold and jewels, while he roves in rags for clothing, and starvingly fasts to save his farthings. The lawyer blindly supposes himself living while disguising or discoloring the truth, or squarely lying to please his client, and by misrepresentations, gain his cause. The doctor stubbornly violates reason by courting life in dealing deathly potions to his patients, to prolong disease for the purpose of extorting more money. The courtezan presumes to be living while selling the value of her soul for the pleasure of her body and that of her paramour. The idler would woo life by squandering time in quest of ease and pleasure, theatre going, gambling, to tickle the senses, or purloin nnjust gains. The pseudo religionist would seek to win life eternal by proxy — the merits of Christ. The hypocritical religionist would propose to win the gift of life by merely professing a virtuous Christian name, without practicing 2 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. the principles of self-denial, virtue, and truth, or by merely conforming to a few of the prominent ceremonies of religious life, while neglecting to discipline himself by the spirit of religious culture and devotion and in spirit, really omitting both the praise, worship and service of God, or the duties of love, mercy and justice to his brother, sister parents and neighbors. The materialistic professor of religion would seek life's goal by simply aiming at physical righteousness, while entirely ignoring and neglecting all labor of the spirit, the fountain of all life. But these pursuits for life are a covenant with discomfort, ruin and death. Our arrow now aims at a higher phrase of life. 1. So spend time as to enjoy the favor of God, as the reward of the right use of all our powers and faculties, adapted to the sphere in which God has placed us. 2. To keep constantly in view the rank in society our hourly conduct is fitting us for, whether high life — one of honor, virtue, usefulness; or low life — a character of dis- honor, shame and degradation. 3. To act with spirit, vivacity, vigor, energy in all we do. As the mechanic, who makes a successfully operating machine, before proceeding with his labors, has first to consider the kind and character of the work to be performed by it, whether very heavy, rough and straining, whether requiring the use of substances of greatest strength, the firmest solidity and most massive proportions, as, for instance, the engines of 10,000 horse power to move a steamship 500 feet ]ong, 50 feet wide, and 40 feet deep, carrying seven thousand tons burden; or a machine for drilling the countersinks in jewels less than the size of a pin's head, for the boxing of the fine cambric needle like arbors of the delicate wheels of a lady's gold watch, so the successful winner of life's happy golden crown must determine, before proceeding far on life's journey through time, during early youth, to what end and purpose, life shall be devoted; and although all individuals are not adapted to the same pursuits and conditions, yet all, who rigidly and resolutely so will it, and steadfastly pursue the principles of truth, honesty, purity and love, can lead a noble, honorable, useful life, in harmony with God's laws. The great crying need of the present age is: 1. Honesty of purpose. 2. Sacred regard for truth. 3. Stability of resolution, or continuity of intention and pursuit. 4. Energy, vigor, spirit to go forward in duty with hope, confidence and determination to win. Life, in the present age, presents in an immense degree, instability, love of ease, pleasure, creature comforts, desire for frequent changes; and these characteristics apply both to secular and temporal pursuits, and to religious duties and spiritual devotions. More dignity, real manhood, and philanthropy are needed, willingness to live for the benefit of the race of mankind, and less bondage to the narrow bounds of self ease and pleasure. The life character, model, largely manifested in the present age of human society, spoken of in a soldierly sense, as warring against the errors and evils of life, is not chivalric enough; that is, the heroic defense of virtue and honor. There is a supple bending to discouragements under disappointments and difficulties, disregarding the truth of the motto, ' Where there's a will, there's a way.' There is a more eager and erroneous grasp for a fictitious reputation, than solid toil for earning real character, of which the poet, Sewell's panegyric on ' Reputation,' is more deserving. Thus; '' Reputation'' {character) dearer far than life, Thou precious balsam, lovely, sweet of smell, Whose cordial drops, once spilt by some rash hand, Not all the owner's care, nor the repenting toil, Of the rude spiller, ever can collect To its first purity and native sweetness.' Discontent with present errors in life ought never to relapse into despondency, discouragement and indifference relative to a straggle for reform. Multitudes, who as they suppose, have espoused principles and systems of virtue, err most sorrowfully by attributing all their personal lack of success in life's enterprises and pursuits, to an error in the principles, or system espoused, when in fact, their disappointments principally 3 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. originate in their personal nonconformity to those principles and institutes. Thus, Christianity is vilified because so many professed Christians do not live the Christ life. But those who live it succeed. There's now so much knowledge of truth, and light of reason among mankind, that society is heart sick of shams, either in religious professions, the manufacturer's wares, or merchants' stores. But innumerable hypocrisies do not disprove the merits of the honest Christian, nor do limitless numbers of failures declare the impracticability or error of living the virgin, Christian life. He is but the counterfeit of a Christian who hath not the life of a Christian. ' He is but the counterfeit of a man, who has not the life (resolution and endurance) ' of a man.' Q,professed Christian! Be not thou a pendulum 'twixt life and death, vice and virtue, now swinging to the right when favor invites, but to the wrong, when pleasures woo thee. A true life manifests, in all its deeds, the love of man to fellow man, and of man to God ; contending for truth in meekness, undaunted, though all the powers of earth and hell oppose; not veered for pleasure, nor turned aside for sin. Thus marshalled with the heavenly worshipers at wisdom's shrine, and basking in the sunshine of God's love.