Sheffield, England, Nov. 24,1880 F:~,W. Evans: Dear Sir: I have long contemplated writing you upon a subjectnear to our hearts. Knowing that you are a leader in one of the most Angelic Communities of Brethren and Sisters existing upon earth, I feel sure that a mighty power rests with you; but whether this power is used in the wisest manner for those outside of yourselves, I very much doubt. Yet to discuss this question with you would do little good, as I doubt not, you and your celibate friends are fully convinced of the wisdom and necessity of the self-denying practice of celibacy. You may also be convinced that this self-denying practice is a great obstruction to the spread of your institution. I have several friends who require but an assurance from the head of some Community that they would be welcome and made equals in a social sense, to induce them to come at once, but who would object to being separated from the dearest objects in life, to wit: husband and wife. I have wondered much why some of the Communities in America do not grow more rapidly. The reason was clear in your case, but not with Oneida and others. I have read that they have many applicants. A friend of mine wrote J. H. Noyes, at the same time he wrote to yourself. He neglected to answer; you sent a full reply. In a life hereafter I never could believe; my concern is with this present earth life ; but to the main purposefof this letter. Pardon me for suggesting that a goodly portion of your estate should be set apart for the use of people desiring to practice Communism, and still live with their dear life partners, husband and wife. What higher ambition could the leaders of an association have than to see such people gathered by thousands, a process that I think would be easy and rapid. The fact of so many seeking entrance into the Oneida Community corroborates this statement. Now, I understand that Oneida Community is changed into a joint stock association. What can be the reason of this wicked change? Is it an evil covetousness of the leaders ? It is deplorable to think of ! Near half a century since it was founded, and so few members, and these few go back to the old order of things!! I have long desired to live in a Community ; I made a great effort to establish one in Sheffield, received much pecuniary assistance from Prof. Ruskin, of Sheffield. It failed, and I have lost all hope of a rational Communism being practiced in England. I am personally doing well in business, but I want to get out of this wicked, miserable, wretched pandemonium. I have just received a letter from Shirley, a Shaker village in Massachusetts, U. S. He is a very dear friend, Harrison Riley; he speaks very highly of your people; I am so glad he is amongst you; I know you will like him. I have a copy of the letter you wrote my friend, and shall be pleased to receive one from you. Geo. Shaw