'KNOW THYSELF.' ABRAHAM PERKINS The difficulty of obtaining this knowledge next approaches that of searching out the Infinite; of fathoming the powers and comprehending the origin of the eternal God. And yet it is a lesson in life of the greatest impertance, and most necessary to learn. To search our own hearts; to learn our individual proclivities; the weaknesses of our nature ; our most conspicuous traits of character; especially those qualities of the mind most hidden, which lie buried 'mid self-love and ignorance, is a duty we owe to ourselves. What is the process best calculated and the means most efficient for acquiring knowledge so fundamental to human progress? Success depends, largely, upon the knowledge of the organization of souls, whose properties can only be fully understood ; but by turning our eyes within, there to watch the operations of the mind ; there to learn where failures are most likely to come, and there to mark such features in our constitution as are most strongly attracted and drawn to the elements and spirit of a selfish, worldly, animal life. The tendencies of the human heart are to ease and indulgence. We naturally incline to adopt the forms, manners and customs of the worldly man and woman ; shunning that which would bring sacrifice and self-denial; that which results in restrictions upon a selfish life. He who knows the most of himself finds the most in his own heart to condemn ; where corrections should first begin, rather than make attempts at amendments in the lives of others, he begins with himself. Interwoven in almost every part of human character, objectionable colors, knotty.coarse threads are to be found, which injure the texture of the web of life, mar its beauty and make manhood any thing but lovely and agreeable. Hence, our manners, our habits, our lives in every sense, should be governed by principle; not only should we take cognizance of our acts for emendation, but our language, our thoughts and imaginations should be watched over and controlled. As the tree is known by its fruits, so is the condition of mind understood by the acts which crop out into life; — 'our bodily habits reflect those of the spiritual.' Therefore, he who respects himself is interested in the preservation of an unstained character ; and will not only study the theory of life governed by true principles, but will publicly and privately, in the blaze of day and in the blackness of night, whether seen and known or unseen and unknown, make the principles of truth practical, 'whose issues,' as remarked by beloved Elder Giles B. Avery, in the December number of The Manifesto, 'eventuate in the evolution, development and perfection of humanity, and which consummate in the glory of God.' Enfield, N. H.