The Children's Grotto TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW Don't tell me of to-morrow ; Give me the boy who'll say That when a good deed's to be done, ' Let's do the deed to-day.' We may all command the present If we act and never wait; But repentance is the phantom Of a past that comes too late. Don't tell me of to-morrow; There is much to do to-day That can never be accomplished If we throw the hour away. Every moment has its duty; Who the future can foretell? Then why put off till to-morrow What to-day can do as well. Don't tell me of to-morrow ; If we look upon the past, How much we have left to do We cannot do at last. To-day ! — it is the only time .For all on this frail earth; It takes an age to form a life — A moment gives it birth. A NOBLE BOY As I was walking along a street of a large city, I saw an old man, who seemed to be blind, walking along without any one to lead him. He went very slow, feeling with his cane. ' He's walking straight to the highest part of the curbstone,' said I to myself. ' And it's very high, too. I wonder if some one won't tell him, and start him in the right direction!' Just then a boy about fourteen years old, who was playing near the corner, left his playmates, ran up to the old man, put his hand through the man's arm, and said, ' Let me lead you across the street.' By this time there .were three or four others watching the boy. He not only helped him over one crossing, but led him over another, to the lower side of the street. Then he ran back to his play. Now, this boy thought he had only done the man a kindness, while I knew that he had made three other persons feel happy and better and more careful to do little kindnesses to thosp about them. The three or four persons who had stopped to watch the boy turned away with a tender smile on their faces, ready to follow the noble example he had set them. I know that I felt more gentle and forgiving toward every one for many days afterward. — Ruth Hudson SPEAK KINDLY ALWAYS Justin F. McCarthy By the banks of the river I wandered alone, And into the pure depths I dropped a small stone; It sank from my sight ere I went on my way, As the eddying circles were fading away. I passed by that spot in a day or two more, And the waters flowed on as I saw them before ; But no ripple came over the surface so clear, To tell that the pebble was still lying there. So the harsh word from lips, p'rhaps unheeding, will fall And sink to some gay heart, tho' tender withal, And the pain of that heart seems to pass in a sigh — Yet the pang will remain, tho' unseen it may lie. Oh! pluck not one petal from out a gay flower, To leave it to wither and die in an hour ; Destroy not the bloom you ne'er can restore, But cherish it fondly, by day more and more. Rather speak the kind word to the nigh broken hearted. Shed light on the soul from which joy has departed ; Let the balm of sweet speech on the stricken heart fall, Speak kindly to each one, or speak not at hll. THE BOY WAS HONEST One day the Duke of Buccleuch, a Scotch nobleman, bought a cow in the neighborhood of Dalkeith, where he lived. The cow was to be sent home next morning. Early in the morning the Duke was taking a walk in a very common dress. As he went along he saw a boy trying in vain to drive the ©w to his residence. The cow was very THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 21 unruly, and the boy could not get on with her at all. The boy, not knowing the Duke, bawled out to him in broad Scotch accent: ' Hie man, come hear, an pie's a han' wi' this beast.' The Duke walked slowly on, not seeming to notice the boy, who still kept calling for his help. At last, finding he could not get on with the cow, he cried out in distress: 'Come here, mun, and as sure as anything I'se gie ye half I get.' The Duke went and lent a helping hand. ' And now,' said the Duke, as they trudged along after the cow, ' how much do you think you will get for the job?' 'I dinna ken,' said the boy, 'but I'm sure o'something, for the folks at the big house are guid to a bodies.' As they came to a lane near the house the duke slipped away from the boy, and entered by a different way. Calling his butler, he put a sovereign in his hand saying, 'Give that to the boy who has brought the cow.' He then returned to the end of the lane where he had parted with the boy, so as to meet him on his way back. ' Well, how much did you get?' asked the Duke. ' A shilling,' said the boy, ' and there's half o' it to ye.' '' But surely you had more than a shilling,' said the Duke. ' No,' said the boy, ' sure that's a' I got, and d'ye no think it's plenty?' ' I do not,' said the Duke, ' there must be some mistake ; and as I am acquainted with the Duke, if you return I think I'll get you more.' They went back. The Duke rang the bell and ordered all the servants to be assembled. 'Now,' said the Duke to the boy, ' point me out the person who gave you shilling.' '¦ It was the chap there with the apron,' said he, pointing to the butler. The butler fell on his knees, confessed his fault, and begged to be forgiven; but the Duke indignantly ordered him to give the boy the sovereign, and quit his service immediately. ' You have lost,' said the Duke, ' your money, your situation and your character, by your deceitfuluess; learn for the future that honesty is the best policy.' The boy now found out who it was that helped him to drive the cow, and the Duke was so pleased with the manliness and honesty of the boy, that he sent him to school and provided for him at his own expense. — The Children's Friend. NOTHING TO DO ' Nothing to do! ' in this world of ours, Where weeds grow up with the fairest flowers. Where smiles have only a fitful play, Where hearts are breaking every day. ' Nothing to do ! ' thou Christian soul, Wrapping thee round in thy selfish stole, Off with the garments of sloth and sin, Christ, thy Lord, hath a kingdom to win. ' Nothing to do ! ' There are prayers to lay On the altar of incense, day by day ; There are foes to meet within and without, There is error to conquer, strong and stout. '' Nothing to do ! *' There are minds to teach The simplest form of Christian speech ; There are hearts to lure with loving wile, From the grimmest haunts of sin's defile. ' Nothing to do !' There are lambs to feed, The precious hopes of the church's need ; Strength to be borne to the weak and faint, Vigils to keep with the doubting saint. ' Nothing to do ! ' and thy Saviour said, 'Follow thou me in the path I tread.' Lord lend thy help the journey through, Lest, faint, we cry, ' So much to do ! ' A Hard Customer Elder Daniel Boler once had a case which quite nonplussed him. Rebuking an indolent boy, one very indifferent to business or religion, he endeavored to awaken some enterprise, temporarily and f uturitively, by pressing the axiom : 'William, remember you will be rewarded according to your works — you will have just what you earn, no more ; and if you want a good and great reward you must labor for it.' ' Well, Elder Daniel,' said William, ' I'll tell you how it is with me : I'd rather do less and have less ! '