The Children's Grotto TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW Don't tell me of to-morrow ; Give me the boy who'll say That when a good deed's to be done, ' Let's do the deed to-day.' We may all command the present If we act and never wait; But repentance is the phantom Of a past that comes too late. Don't tell me of to-morrow; There is much to do to-day That can never be accomplished If we throw the hour away. Every moment has its duty; Who the future can foretell? Then why put off till to-morrow What to-day can do as well. Don't tell me of to-morrow ; If we look upon the past, How much we have left to do We cannot do at last. To-day ! — it is the only time .For all on this frail earth; It takes an age to form a life — A moment gives it birth. A NOBLE BOY As I was walking along a street of a large city, I saw an old man, who seemed to be blind, walking along without any one to lead him. He went very slow, feeling with his cane. ' He's walking straight to the highest part of the curbstone,' said I to myself. ' And it's very high, too. I wonder if some one won't tell him, and start him in the right direction!' Just then a boy about fourteen years old, who was playing near the corner, left his playmates, ran up to the old man, put his hand through the man's arm, and said, ' Let me lead you across the street.' By this time there .were three or four others watching the boy. He not only helped him over one crossing, but led him over another, to the lower side of the street. Then he ran back to his play. Now, this boy thought he had only done the man a kindness, while I knew that he had made three other persons feel happy and better and more careful to do little kindnesses to thosp about them. The three or four persons who had stopped to watch the boy turned away with a tender smile on their faces, ready to follow the noble example he had set them. I know that I felt more gentle and forgiving toward every one for many days afterward. — Ruth Hudson SPEAK KINDLY ALWAYS Justin F. McCarthy By the banks of the river I wandered alone, And into the pure depths I dropped a small stone; It sank from my sight ere I went on my way, As the eddying circles were fading away. I passed by that spot in a day or two more, And the waters flowed on as I saw them before ; But no ripple came over the surface so clear, To tell that the pebble was still lying there. So the harsh word from lips, p'rhaps unheeding, will fall And sink to some gay heart, tho' tender withal, And the pain of that heart seems to pass in a sigh — Yet the pang will remain, tho' unseen it may lie. Oh! pluck not one petal from out a gay flower, To leave it to wither and die in an hour ; Destroy not the bloom you ne'er can restore, But cherish it fondly, by day more and more. Rather speak the kind word to the nigh broken hearted. Shed light on the soul from which joy has departed ; Let the balm of sweet speech on the stricken heart fall, Speak kindly to each one, or speak not at hll.