THE BOY WAS HONEST One day the Duke of Buccleuch, a Scotch nobleman, bought a cow in the neighborhood of Dalkeith, where he lived. The cow was to be sent home next morning. Early in the morning the Duke was taking a walk in a very common dress. As he went along he saw a boy trying in vain to drive the ©w to his residence. The cow was very THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 21 unruly, and the boy could not get on with her at all. The boy, not knowing the Duke, bawled out to him in broad Scotch accent: ' Hie man, come hear, an pie's a han' wi' this beast.' The Duke walked slowly on, not seeming to notice the boy, who still kept calling for his help. At last, finding he could not get on with the cow, he cried out in distress: 'Come here, mun, and as sure as anything I'se gie ye half I get.' The Duke went and lent a helping hand. ' And now,' said the Duke, as they trudged along after the cow, ' how much do you think you will get for the job?' 'I dinna ken,' said the boy, 'but I'm sure o'something, for the folks at the big house are guid to a bodies.' As they came to a lane near the house the duke slipped away from the boy, and entered by a different way. Calling his butler, he put a sovereign in his hand saying, 'Give that to the boy who has brought the cow.' He then returned to the end of the lane where he had parted with the boy, so as to meet him on his way back. ' Well, how much did you get?' asked the Duke. ' A shilling,' said the boy, ' and there's half o' it to ye.' '' But surely you had more than a shilling,' said the Duke. ' No,' said the boy, ' sure that's a' I got, and d'ye no think it's plenty?' ' I do not,' said the Duke, ' there must be some mistake ; and as I am acquainted with the Duke, if you return I think I'll get you more.' They went back. The Duke rang the bell and ordered all the servants to be assembled. 'Now,' said the Duke to the boy, ' point me out the person who gave you shilling.' '¦ It was the chap there with the apron,' said he, pointing to the butler. The butler fell on his knees, confessed his fault, and begged to be forgiven; but the Duke indignantly ordered him to give the boy the sovereign, and quit his service immediately. ' You have lost,' said the Duke, ' your money, your situation and your character, by your deceitfuluess; learn for the future that honesty is the best policy.' The boy now found out who it was that helped him to drive the cow, and the Duke was so pleased with the manliness and honesty of the boy, that he sent him to school and provided for him at his own expense. — The Children's Friend.