INTERESTING CORRESPONDENCE Sheffield, England, Nov. 24,1880 F:~,W. Evans: Dear Sir: I have long contemplated writing you upon a subjectnear to our hearts. Knowing that you are a leader in one of the most Angelic Communities of Brethren and Sisters existing upon earth, I feel sure that a mighty power rests with you; but whether this power is used in the wisest manner for those outside of yourselves, I very much doubt. Yet to discuss this question with you would do little good, as I doubt not, you and your celibate friends are fully convinced of the wisdom and necessity of the self-denying practice of celibacy. You may also be convinced that this self-denying practice is a great obstruction to the spread of your institution. I have several friends who require but an assurance from the head of some Community that they would be welcome and made equals in a social sense, to induce them to come at once, but who would object to being separated from the dearest objects in life, to wit: husband and wife. I have wondered much why some of the Communities in America do not grow more rapidly. The reason was clear in your case, but not with Oneida and others. I have read that they have many applicants. A friend of mine wrote J. H. Noyes, at the same time he wrote to yourself. He neglected to answer; you sent a full reply. In a life hereafter I never could believe; my concern is with this present earth life ; but to the main purposefof this letter. Pardon me for suggesting that a goodly portion of your estate should be set apart for the use of people desiring to practice Communism, and still live with their dear life partners, husband and wife. What higher ambition could the leaders of an association have than to see such people gathered by thousands, a process that I think would be easy and rapid. The fact of so many seeking entrance into the Oneida Community corroborates this statement. Now, I understand that Oneida Community is changed into a joint stock association. What can be the reason of this wicked change? Is it an evil covetousness of the leaders ? It is deplorable to think of ! Near half a century since it was founded, and so few members, and these few go back to the old order of things!! I have long desired to live in a Community ; I made a great effort to establish one in Sheffield, received much pecuniary assistance from Prof. Ruskin, of Sheffield. It failed, and I have lost all hope of a rational Communism being practiced in England. I am personally doing well in business, but I want to get out of this wicked, miserable, wretched pandemonium. I have just received a letter from Shirley, a Shaker village in Massachusetts, U. S. He is a very dear friend, Harrison Riley; he speaks very highly of your people; I am so glad he is amongst you; I know you will like him. I have a copy of the letter you wrote my friend, and shall be pleased to receive one from you. Geo. Shaw Mt. Lebanon, Dec. 11,1880 George Shaw: Respected Friend : Your interesting letter, showing that its writer has arrived at the end of the world, is at hand. Your friend, Harrison Riley, wrote me from Boston, Nov. 5. I answered him Nov. 7. I received a letter advising me that he was at Shirley, Shaker Village, Mass. He is still there. Having come to the end of the world, you are looking for another world to live in. If you would please to die, and be buried, and allow yourself to be resurrected from the dead, then to be born again; and thus being an infant, receive the new world spiritually* as you received the old world physically, the hundred fold of fathers, mothers, brethren and sisters would be as real to you as the community houses they live in, or the lands from which they derive their daily bread. You would learn to walk straight in a narrow road. Being simple and obedient as a child should be, your burdens would be light, and the yoke of community fellowship would be easy to bear, in connection with associates, who ' bear each other's burdens ' and are seeking each other's wealth, rather than their own. This is becoming a new creature, and living in a new creation. It is thus that old things are done away and all becomes new. Is all of this, to you, as idle tales, or unmeaning hackneyed phrases for which I should ask pardon ? Robert Owen was a Materialist, a Communist. Twice he visited the Shakers at New Lebanon. His conclusion was, that celibacy was necessaryin the founding of a community. Our conclusion is that it is a necessity to the perpetuity of a community. Robert Owen and Robert Dale Owen, with the galaxy of brilliant names, who gathered at New Harmony, Ind., made a most notable, world-wide, failure of intellectual, philosophic humanitarian, transcendental materialism, and social communism. I will show you my auto, from which you will perceive that I speak of that which I do know, as I came out of that same company of earnest, sincere souls, who worked for the good of mankind. They builded a tower, but it did not quite reach heaven. Do you realize that Quakers are a company, who, if they did not marry, would be Shakers? And that should we marry, it would enroll us with the Quakers ? Your suggestion to set apart two-thirds of our estate, for a company to form a community upon, is kindly received and entertained, as would be the proposition, to its parents, of an unborn infant. Quakerism is preliminary to Shakerism. We are ' Shaking Quakers.' Quakers marry, using marriage, as the unperverted animals use it, simply for propagation. With private property, they have no poor amongst them. They dress plain, speak plain, eat plain food, drink no intoxicating liquors — are temperate in all things — will not fight, swear, nor use tobacco. They hold no slaves. They eat with their servants. What more, or less do the Sheffield communities want ? Go preach to Bright and his people. Say to them,''whatsoever ye command and teach, we will do — we will be as ye are — good Quakers — only that ye consent to become Pentecostal Christians, selling all your vast possessions to found hundreds of happy communities, in England, wherein all is common, where none shall say this, or that is mine.' So, you see, if all Communists and Liberals join the friends, how influential they would be, in causing the Friends to unite with them in creating communities. For the Quakers the change would be from good to better, whereas should the Shakers join you, introducing marriages, the change would be from better to bad. The trouble with the flesh would cause wars and fightings, destroying our community as it destroys all communities, sooner or later. Therefore, by all means, friend Sbaw, join the Shakers. Shakers hold the fort of abstract Christianity. In England, there are thousands of noble men and women who will come and help us, when they come to know the whole council of God. When all England becomes Quakers, as they should do at once, the theories of Malthus and Ricordo will be quickly verified, the checks of war, famine, pestilence, would THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 15 not exist, and population would not only lack food, but standing room. In the London Economist, W. W. Hunter, government director of statistics for India, shows that while France has 150 people to the square mile, India has 243. That in a region as large as Ireland, there are 680 to the square mile. In some districts in Bengal, the population is as high as 1280 to the square mile. Thus, in regions with 80,000,000, the permanent danger is as great as in Ireland, before the famine exodus. The pressure for food is so great that land has no rest. The forests are destroyed and the manure is used for fuel. In spite of their poverty, the people increase with marvelous rapidity. This frightful condition comes of the virtue and excellence of the British government. Foreign and domestic wars have been stopped, marshes drained. Epidemics suppressed. Infanticide abolished and prop- erty and life made secure. If this come of halfway measures, what would be the result of genuine Quakerism in England ? Let the wise and beneficent rules of England reastablish, in her vast Indian Empire, the thousands of celibate institutions which Maria Child affirms did formerly exist under the superintendence of the celibate Buddhist Priesthood. From the tenor of your letter it is evident that you regard celibacy as an end. We regard it as an effect. It is said : 'Seek first the kingdom of Heaven and its righteousness and all these things'—eating, drinking, wearing, lodging — community — ' shall be added,' as an effect. To the Saducees — Materialists— he said: 'Ye know not the scriptures, neither the power of God.' I may add, ye know not human nature Community, of itself, would satisfy no body, long at a time. We could show you gov- ernmental establishments, in America, where hundreds live, whose every real want is sup- plied as long as they live. Do you think them happy? They prefer to tramp, beg and suffer. But, my friend, you are in connection with people high and low, who would, with us, simply be in Heaven. Send us some of them. We know the God of the world is generation. But all do not worship that God. A million of women and as many men, in England, do not marry. Many have progressed beyond it, spiritually, and they are nigh unto the kingdom of Heaven. There are good practical laboring men, shoemakers, carpenters, teamsters, shepherds, herdsmen, etc., whom we could put into good places in our com' munity, at once. Your friend, William Hunter, had every thing to learn, and his wife, who was the better man of the two, came here only to please him. He was not what we call a practical man, he was a physical victim of your vicious one idea system of things. Have you killed in your wars all the manly Englishmen ? I will send you some reading matter, but I wish there were some way to sift out the precious souls — the wheat — that is amongst you. I hope spiritualism will yet be a means to help some. I long and pray for the gathering together of the saints— 'Corneoutof her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and receive not of her plagues.' Your friend, F. W. Evans ELDER EADS' SHAKER THEOLOGY Bowling Green, Ky., Dec. 4, 1880. JRev. H. L. Bads, South Union, Ky. Dear Sir : You have my sincere thanks for your book of theology. For some of its thoughts you ought to. have the thanks of the whole Christian world; but as an old, tough Calvanist, I think we ought to congratulate ourselves that there are so few to present your peculiar theology as you do, for I am sure some of the elect would be drawn too far from the catechism. I shall take the book down to Elkton, as I go there to open court Monday, and I know that Rev. Gill of the Calvinistic church and Petree, will be glad to see it. As ever your friend, William L. Dulaney