WHERE IS THE CHRIST? CHARLOTTE BYRDSALL The bells in the steeple rang out on the air, T'was the hour for Christians to mingle in prayer, And listlessly, eagerly, onward they pressed, With a form in the mind and a creed in the breast. Some were richly attired within without, but Were the gnawings of envy, of passion and sin. O, what was the motive that led them along, These gaudy attendants of Trinity's throng ? Were the precepts the Savior gave out on the mount, The cleansing he shadowed in life's crystal fount, The good they were seeking and striving to find, A substance to give to the struggling in mind ? Was the cry of the pauper for raiment and bread The Christian thus led ? incentive, that thousands But now they have reached the fair temple of praise, And enter with faces that sinners can raise ; Now softer, then louder, the organ notes ring, And concert of voices in melody sing. The vestry door opens, the clergyman's form Comes forth robed in vestments the soul cannot warm. The hymn faintly ceases, he rises to show How the life-blood of Jesus will cleanse from all woe. 0, Father of freedom ! why should it thus be, So many withheld from a knowledge of Thee— Bound down by the dogmas that darken the soul, Vain priestly illusions, that minds would control ? But listen ! he tells how the Savior of man Was slain on the cross and then rose up again ; He tries to impress them with mysteries cold, That never the truths of religion unfold. We turn for a while, that our spirit may glance Outside the delusion of bigotry's trance ; For we hear the soul-cry of a seeker for life, 'Mid the narrows of error, and highways of strife. She heard in the distance the chimes of the bell, Which caused in her heart deep emotions to swell ; The sound I will follow, she inwardly said, Perhaps 'tis the signal that others hath led, To find him who suffered to show us the way That leads to the mansions of eternal day. So onward she journeyed, with joy in her heart, Like Mary to seek for the far better part. The temple is reached, and with wearisome feet She enters, to share of the life-bread so sweet ; THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Some beads are averted, while lips wreathed in scorn, Forbade one a welcome, of grandeur so shorn. No place in the pews, through the carpeted aisle So meekly she paces, while hope sinks the while ; But why came she here, she gave not the That rich over poor in their tyranny hold. At length by the door, on the sexton's lone seat She drops, while she asks, is it here I shall meet The Savior I'm seeking, who ne'er cast The true trusting spirit which wealth cannot hide ? Then like a response to her inward appeal, Came down from the pulpit the words like a seal, Not here, 0 not here ! then a deep lengthened breath, As he held them to think of his rising from death ; It, thrilled her whole being, again and again, Like the pealing of thunder from mount Sinai's plain, And she fled from that tomb to the free open air, Like Mary to find the true Savior elsewhere . * * * * * * * Away, far away, from the din and the strife— Where priestly contention forever is rife— Is a home on the hill-side of Lebanon blest, Where the way-worn and weary may find a soul rest. No pulpit is reared, and no organ tones raise The hearts of its dwellers in service of praise ; But labor, and worship so nobly combined, Yield incense to God, through the motives refined. Here lowly and gently the pure Nazarene Wears honesty's clothing without lordly mien ; Here the rule that is golden triumphantly reigns, And none know the curse of Monopoly's chains. And when we look over the dismal broad way, Whose sins of oppression still darken our day We pray that the angel of fire may go, With brands from the altar of truth all aglow ; To sweep away systems of error and wrong ; To burn up the false and illumine the strong ; 'Till in every nation an altar shall stand, A symbol of justice protecting the land. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.