Home Topics Keep tea in a close chest... Keep tea in a close chest or canister. Keep coffee by itself, as its odor affects other articles. Bread or cake should be kept in a tin box or stone jar. Oil cloth is ruined... Oil cloth is ruined by the application of lye soap, as the lye eats the cloth. To select nutmegs... To select nutmegs, prick them with a pin. If they are good the oil will instantly spread around the puncture. When you drive a nail into a wall... When you drive a nail into a wall, clothes-press or closet, to hang things on, drive it through a spool up to the head. To clean brass kettles... To clean brass kettles, after washing clean, take a teacup of vinegar and a table- spoonful of fine salt; wash every spot on the inside of the kettle with it; then rinse off in pure water. A remedy for corns is as follows... A Remedy for corns is as follows: Bathe the feet in tepid water, 1o soften the corns ; pare these off very closely with a sharp knife; then rub on well green peach tree leaves; after continuing the rubbing once or twice a day, the corns will disappear. Diseased teeth Diseased Teeth.—A distinguished anatomist made the assertion that a particle of matter taken from a decayed tooth, if inoculated into a person's veins, would produce almost instant death. Dr. Ewer tried the experiment on a dog, and it died in twenty minutes. The amount of disease produced by retaining decayed teeth in the mouth is immense. The dentist is one of our best friends.—Dr. Dio Lewis. Neuralgia Neuralgia.— For neuralgia in the face or other acute suffering elsewhere, the following remedy has been tried with good effect: Cut a thick slice of bread all across the loaf — fresh bread is best; soak one side for a minute in boiling water, and rapidly sprinkle cayenne pepper over the hot side; apply while still smoking hot to the painful surface. The bread retains the heat long enough for the cayenne pepper to begin to act, and cayenne does not affect the delicate skin as mustard does. It acts as a rubefacient, but not as a blister. Beets Beets. — One of the most satisfactory ways to cook beets is to bake them. When boiled, even if their jackets are left on, a great deal of the best part of the beet is dissolved, and so lost. It will, of course, take a little longer to bake than to boil them; but this is no objection. Allow from fifteen to twenty minutes more for baking; slice them, and heat as you would if they were boiled. After they are cooked, season with pepper, salt and butter, and a squeeze of lemon WINTER RULES Never begin a journey until the breakfast has been eaten. Never take warm drinks and then immediately go out in the cold air. Keep the back — especially between the shoulder-blades — well covered; also the chest well protected. In sleeping in a cold room, establish the habit of breathing through the nose, and never with the mouth open. Never go to bed with cold or damp feet; always toast them by a fire ten or fifteen minutes before going to bed. Never omit regular bathing, for unless the skin is in an active condition, the cold will close the pores and favor congestion or other diseases. After exercise of any kind, never ride in an open carriage nor near the window of a car, for a moment. It is dangerous to health, and even to life. When hoarse, speak as little as possible until it is recovered from, else the voice may be permanently lost, or difficulties of the throat be produced. Merely warm the back by a fire, and never continue keeping the baok exposed to heat after it has become comfortably warm. To do otherwise is debilitating. When going from a warm atmosphere into a colder one, keep the mouth closed, so that the air may be warmed by its passage through the nose, ere it reaches the lungs. Never stand still in cold weather, especially after having taken a slight degree of exercise; and always avoid standing upon ice or snow, or where the person is exposed to a cold wind.— Albany (W. Y.) Argus.