RELIGION ANTOINETTE DOOLTTTLE Natural religion, pertaining to the earthly and physical part of man's existence, and spiritual religion, relating to immortality and the soul's growth into the divine life, the duties and responsibilities of each, and the relation they bear one to the other, is undergoing a rigid investigation and passing an ordeal hitherto unknown. The civil code of laws, and the highest functionaries of the American government are called to an account, their acts scrutinized, adjudged, justified or condemned, according to merit or demerit, without regard to personality. The people who compose a nation^are the sovereign power of that nation ; they make and unmake presidents and rulers. They frame laws—through official agents whom they elect — and annul those laws when needful. But many times prudence directs that wrongs, not sanctioned by the majority of the people, should be endured for a time, to avoid still greater evils. Experience is an educator. If moral sentiment has room for expansion and growth, it will mould the public mind and discipline individuals to right modes of thought and action, until nations will combine their efforts to raise =the standard of civil polity and religious freedom higher and higher. There are two contending forces in every human heart; the one contending for the right, the other battling against it. As with individuals, so with collective bodies. Slowly but surely the car of human pro- gress moves on and on, regardless of opposing forces. They may impede for a time, but as truth is stronger than error, right will finally triumph. At one time chattel slavery was the crying sin of America. Many grievous wrongs existed, but slavery was the deepest dyed of them all. Churches and legislative halls were stained with the blood of the crushed and enslaved African. Priests and people were imbued with the same spirit, to uphold and encourage the vile traffic, regardless of the injuuction ' As ye would that others should do unto you, do ye the same unto them.' Then they had the effrontery to stand up in their velvet-cushioned pulpits and with unclean lips and in sanctimonious tones ask high heaven for a special blessing. But Ethopia, bowed in the very dust, stretched forth her hands and in anguish of spirit lifted her voice and cried to Grod for help. Those simple prayers from hearts filled with sorrow, ascended above the petitions of those who were clad in priestly robes and ' fared sumptuously every day,' and ministers were sent to work for their emancipation. A few men and women were raised up who took their lives in their hands and went forth to do battle against the giant sin and the host of blood-stained sinners — for the majority were on the side of wrong — but God was with the few, and right prevailed. 4 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. The then acting president of the United States was in principle and policy with the oppressor, and against the oppressed. But the ultimate was reached. In the providence of God a man was raised up as chief ruler of the nation ' who feared God, loved righteousness, and hated iniquity.' He felt in his heart of hearts that slavery was wrong in the sight of God ; a foul blot upon the symbol of American liberty, and a curse to the enslaver as well as the enslaved. He felt that there could be no permanent peace to the nation until the ax should be applied to the roots of the tree of slavery and the source of its life destroyed. Although troubled in spirit through weary days, and in night dreams, he had to wait for the masses to be educated up to the point where they would sustain him in dipping his pen into his'' Ink-horn ' and signing the 'Eman- cipation Proclamation,' which in the sequel cost him his physical life, and for which his name will be remembered and honored throughout many generations. Thus has it ever been as far as our knowledge extends. Through the influence of both good and bad rulers, individuals and nations have been educated, refined and improved from age to age, ' debtors to the wise and unwise.' And only as civil governments have progressed in justice and moral equity, in natural religion pertaining to the physical, has the religion of the soul pertaining to the immortal part been tolerated. If we go back over the highway of life to the primordial state of our race — according to Bible history — we find two parallel lines running through the ages, distinctive, and yet more or less interblended ; a mixture of heathenism and Judaism. The general rule has been ' Like priests and rulers, like people,' adaptation to times and conditions. And yet we note development and growth in the right direction from one dispensation to another. As we trace the superintending forces, or Gods who ruled and guided the people in the ' thus saith the Lord ' epochs (and whenever and wherever civil government has been under clerical rule, it has been and will be more or less ' thus saith the Lord,' as really so in the present as in the days when Judaism and heathenism walked side by side, if not hand in hand together); we see that the wisest and best Gods did not attempt to go beyond what the people were able to bear. In the Adamic age only obedience to physical laws was required. If obedient thus and so,they would be blest in basket and store. The immortality of the soul was not mentioned. At that time it would have been as difficult to have reached the soul senses, and taught them spiritual things, as it would now be to teach an infant astronomy or geology. Gradual growth made way for a small measure of the spiritual, and a higher form of intelligence began to manifest itself to certain individuals, in dreams, and semi-pellucid visions. Angels appeared to Abraham and Lot; but so nearly resembled earthly beings that it was difficult to decide whether they were men or spirits. However, that much indicated progress. The Israelites were a little farther removed from barbarism than were the Egyptians, and were called the chosen people of God in that age ; but the Israelites were not all right, neither the Egyptians all wrong ; both possessed some elements of good, and both were enveloped in ignorance and darkness, which would require the work of centuries to remove. After passing through a disciplinary school, the Israelites were prepared for the code of laws, given through Moses, which was designed to restrain the lower passions by divers sacrifices and atonements, more than as a soul purifier. It was a canon of moral ethics, of sacrifices, retributions and awards. Although it was a severe ordeal for them to pass, yet it was a necessity at that time, and all that the people, even the most progressed, were prepared to receive. The Apostle Paul, speaking of that dispensation, said : ' It consisted of carnal ordinances, and could not perfect those who observe them — touching the spiritual part — the conscience — and were only imposed until something better should be revealed.' It is a long journey from Moses and his people, by way of the numerous kings who ruled the people from age to age, under the guidance and direction of the one God of many names, or of different Gods. We read 5 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. that God talked familiarly with Adam ; that he walked with Enoch. He appeared to Moses in the burning bush, and told him not to fear; for He was Ids father's God, and the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. It appears that one called the Lord dealt chiefly with Pharaoh and his hosts, and accompanied the Israelites through the Red sea, and overthrew the horse and his rider, and achieved a glorious conquest. Moses said emphatically : ' The Lord is a man of war ! ' One thing is evident, i. e., that the God or Gods of that dispensation, by whatever name they were called, whether Lord, God, the most High God, Almiglity God, Lord of Hosts, Jehovah, or I Am that I Am, not only tolerated but instigated War, and upheld slavery in different forms, and sanctioned polygamy and intemperance. We now discern a gradual but steady growth preparatory to the development of higher spiritual 1that would touch and awaken the vital soul energies, the religion relating to immortality — the life to come. The order of Prophets that arose in Israel, a class of spiritual media, were at times inspired to speak beautiful words concerning Christ's Kingdom. But of all the people we judge that Ezekiel was the greatest visionist. I love to go with him to the river Chebar and enter into rapport with the spirit that communed with him there, and to try to catch a glimpse of the enfolding cloud and of the brightness that surrounded it, and of the likeness of the four living creatures — their faces, wings and feet; and to mark their onward course, how the rolling wheels move steadily onward, turning not to the right nor left, and to search out the meaning of such an extraordinary vision. To our mind it beautifully illustrates the four great cycles or periods of time in the world's history, and the spirit of progress represented, by the wheels and the living creatures that moved them. The vision, by the same prophet, concerning the waters that flowed from the door of the temple at four different issues, clearly exemplified the same thing. We cannot longer tarry with the prophets, for our story is already too wordy for the ideas contained or expressed. We pass on to Jesus, and go with Him to the mount, and listen to His teachings. ' In olden time ye were taught thus and so. I have not come to destroy the law, nor the prophets. My mission is to teach the law of Love.' The law was imperfect, it tolerated errors, was vindictive and unchristian ; but the best that the appointed agents of those times could give, or that the people were prepared to receive. The time had come for a new epoch, and a change of administration. And Jesus affirmed that God was love ; and he annulled the law of retaliation ' an eye for an eye ' precept, and said : Love your ene- mies ; bless and curse not. Be pure, peaceable and just; sheathe your swords ; render good for evil.