INGERSOLL'S CREED [From one lecture of Ingersoll we cull the following thoughtful assertions. Ingersoll is an infidel to the Christ of the popular churches; but for the real Christ he has the largest respect. So long as Ingersoll, or any other infidel, has an ardent love for the ' Sermon on the Mount,' and has the greatest respect for honest men, with a hatred of jhypocrisy, injustice, and impurity, he is our friend and we his. Barring the. fact, that Ingersoll hurts our educated feelings, by his sometimes apparently sacrilegious remarks, few men who say so much, savor more of wisdom.—Ed.] Honest industry is as good as pious idleness. Every demonstrated fact is a verse in my Bible. Every school-house is a cathedral in my religion. Real charity is to help the poor to help themselves. The Presbyterian God damns people to glorify himself. No devil has ever been so bad as the Presbyterian God. Christ believed the temple of God to be the heart of man. There was never a Presbyterian half so bad as his creed. I have no ambition to be a winged pauper of the skies. If ever I go to heaven I want to take my reason with me. If I owe Smith $10 and God forgives me, that don't pay Smith. If we can't have a heaven without a hell then abolish both. 34 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. God will not damn a good citizen, a gooc father, nor a good friend. If there is a God in the universe he wil' not damn an honest man. There is only one true worship, and that is the practice of justice. Whenever a man can climb, help him climb, and make him climb. Fear is a kind of dagger with which hypocrisy assassinates the soul. I will never ask God to treat me any fairer than I do my fellow-men. Make the best of this world ; do the same of the next when you get there. Let any church get control of power and you have the end of political liberty. If I go to heaven and see even one of those I love in hell, I'll want to emigrate. There is not a word in the gospel about keeping Sunday and going to church. The most sacred edifice ever reared is home; the most sacred altar the fireside. As if an infinite God would stand angry forever and ever at the insect called man ! Dignity is a mask some people wear to keep you from finding out how little they know. John Calvin and John Knox fitted each other like the upper and lower jaws of a wild beast. Presbyterianism looks upon a baby as a lump of total depravity ; I, as a bud of humanity. I want to satisfy every mother rocking her baby that she is not raising kindling wood for hell. I would rather be annihilated than sit at God's right hand and know that a man was damned. If you go to hell it will be for not practicing the virtues which the Sermon on the Mount proclaims. If you forgive others God will forgive you. That's a fair bargain. You get nothing more than you earn. Reason is the light of the soul, and if you haven't the right to follow it, what have you the right to follow ? The churches for hundreds of years have always been willing to trade off treasures in heaven for cash down. The Episcopal church is very fond of dignity. Let every thing be done decently and in order, no matter who goes to the devil. If Christ were to come again and the churches were t© try to crucify him, as they did before, I would do my best to prevent it. The church of England exists by law and a man is saved by act of Parliament. I suppose thousands of souls have been damned on demurrer. Whittield believed in slavery because the negro stolen from Africa would be benefited by the Christian example of the gentlemen who stole him. If preachers would turn their attention to cooking for the next three months they would do more good than they have done by preaching in the last 300 years. ' They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover.' This was foretold of the preachers. But when they get sick themselves they fly to the doctor. A little miracle now, right here—just a little one—• would do more toward the advancement of Christianity than all the preaching of the last thirty years. Study the religion of the body in preference to the religion of the soul. A healthy body will give a healthy mind, and a healthy mind will destroy superstition. Jesus Christ was a Nazarene peasant, a great, good, and serene man, and I pay him the tribute of my love and my tears. But for the theological Christ I have no respect, The best man ever God made deserved damning, according to the Presbyterians, the moment he was done, and then think that we must go back to the same shop for repairs. If I meet in heaven some man whom I gouged on earth out of $300, and which God forgave me, he'll be likely to make it uncomfortable for me and make me wish I'd settled in another star. It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven. But when did you see a rich church member unload because of this text ? An infallible pope is no more absurd than an infallible book, and a good deal better in some ways, for you can change the pope but you can't the book, unless you keep revising t all the time.