SHALL STANDING ARMIES BE ABOLISHED? Daniel Fraser An Open Letter to John Ruskin, England. ' Inasmuch as you have done good, you have done it unto me.' Emotions of thankfulness for the standard f righteousness you have unjvultd in the 32 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. British empire, is my apology for this intrusion. I have read your work on ' Political Economy,' having for its central idea ' Unto this last, even as unto thee, will I give a penny.' The central idea of the political economy of modern civilization is ' men are commodities.' It has been truthfully said ' that to make men commodities is the sum of all villanies.' Therefore modern civilization is that sum. From that central idea, we have pauperism, crime, standing armies, a vast network of debts, and a system of usury, in itself a sum of huge villanies, corrupting public morals with the presence of luxurious idlers, and with hungry multitudes offering themselves in the marts of labor. It is poor economy ' to make men commodities,' dangerous to the public peace, enormously expensive, and as wicked as it is costly. In the armies and navies of Europe the assumption is, that more than nine millions are directly, or indirectly employed fulfilling the demands of war. In the forests, getting timber and charcoal, in the mines, getting iron, lead, and other metals. Getting brimstone, saltpetre; preparing fulminates. In the fields raising hemp, flax and cotton ; in spinning, weaving, and making swords, guns, and gunpowder, and other destructive things. In ship-yards, docks, warehouses, and in the actual service of war. The business of all these millions is to consume and to destroy. Suppose these costly ships of war, and all property connected with war are convertible and sold at cost; would not the incredible amount furnish materials for all the farmhouses and barns these millions might want ? Again suppose, that these millions ramain paid and officered for two years, and that these able-bodied men build these houses and barns, and that the cavalry horses be detailed to assist. The men not engaged in building, to be employed to clear and drain the land, planting fruit trees, plowing, and in putting in as great a breadth of winter grain as can be well done. In war, great efforts are made; in this case, make efforts to stock these farms with animals. In the spring all hands will be free to put in grain, roots, beans, peas, and fodder plants. The winter grain will be ready to harvest soon ; the beans, peas, and roots will then be available. When the pay is discontinued, a heavy burden will be removed from the shoulders of the people, and Europe delivered from war and its expenses. Instead of the war-cry, 'give us men and money,' the professional destructives will be transformed into useful men having stores of something to eat, to dispose of, and to enrich the fields for future crops. Near the end of the third year, these nine millions of able-bodied men will be self-supporting, and able to furnish bread stuffs (or their equivalents) enough to feed about half the population of Europe. Many may say, that the idea is not practical ; is it not practical to beat a sword into a pruning-hook? Is peace not cheaper than war ? Practicability and cheapness, are they not twin cousins ? Have we come to that, that folly and wickedness are more practical, than their opposites ? Your system of education ' training youth hygienically and morally,' teaching them to be healthy and strong, ' and to be just and kind to one another,' rests on the physical nature of man, and on his moral relationships. The system now in vogue, from the A B C to the end of the chapter, rests on no such foundation. It does not deal with the forced of life, the emotions ; but with the intellect, the servant of these forces. On this system of education modern civilization rests ; and the underlying morality of it is, ' Unless you rob somebody, you will never be rich.' It almost ignores human emotions* and goes a great way toward arresting physical development, and self-reliant usefulness. Gives a knowledge of words and figures, but not of the nature of the emotions. Cultivates the memory but not the conscience, and throws a materialistic crust over the human spirit. A hygienic and moral education brings joung people into the open air and gives useftrt exercise therein : shows them how to provide for themselves, and for the demands of social life, and introduces them to a knowledge of the spirituality of their being. No opposition can upset your positions ; the more you are assailed, the clearer will the principles, and the facts you have presented be. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 33 I have had some opportunity of testing a degree of hygiene applied to a few boys. Their diet consisted mainly of breadstuff's, milk and fruit; flesh-meats, tea, coffee, etc., were not used. There is a touch of instinct about us that recoils from taking the life of a chicken or a lamb; not so with fruits, our hands are adapted to taking, and our mouths to eating them. Our legs and feet are made but for moderate locomotion —not made to run after animals, nor our hands to tear them to pieces. Before breakfast every boy had something to care for that involved labor, and served as an introduction to the duties of the day, on the farm or in the garden. The strength and tenacity of muscle these beys acquired surprised me; also did the endurance, power of recuperation and buoyancy of spirits they possessed. No listlessness; all that was ne cessary, was to direct their action, and that their leader should fare and work as they did. If any thing occurred to mar the peace or affect the rights of any boy, it had a good effect to turn the school into a court of justice, and make the boys jurors, and justly and kindly settle the little difficulties. They felt better after the trial and a wholesome moral tone was created. In such cases, the feelings of the boy tried should be considered, that the sentiment of the court is not to punish, but to do justice. I was pleased that the bishop of Manches. ter was led to write to you on the subject of ' taking interest on money lent,' and sorry that a person of his standing should for an instant entertain favorable sentiments in regard to the ' giant sin of the age,' and seek to support the monstrous iniquity by referring to one of the parables of the Savior. First, He ought to know that no authority can make wrong right; second, that the parables were drawn from the common actions of men, and that for ages in the money marts of Palestine, the Jews treated the heathens as they treat one another — take usury ; third, the bishop knows, that it is contrary to Jewish law, to take any increase on any thing lent to a brother Jew. If wrong for Jews, can it be right for Christians to take interest on money lent ? The direct teachings of the Father of the New Creation on this point are ' From him that would borrow of thee, turn not thou away. Lend, hoping for nothing again.' Desiring that the governments of this world that operate by force and fraud, may be so changed, as to operate justly and beneficially, is the prayer of Very respectfully, Your Friend,