Book Table Analytical Concordance In justice to those honorable publishers, I. K. Funk &amp; Co., 10 &amp; 13 Barclay street, NewYork, we would state that they now have for sale Dr. Young's 'Analytical Concordance,' printed under the Doctor's own supervision by government presses in Edinburgh. That there is extant a ' miserably executed reprint,' we are officially informed* and we would warn all who wish to be in possession of this most valuable work of its kind, to shun the spurious edition and buy from the above firm. We have not yet seen the famous work, but that it is immeasurably superior to Cruden's or any other extant, we have been thoroughly assured. A New Book of European Travel Our indefatigable friend, D. M. Bennett is out with a new book containing a compilation of his letters from Europe. As a letter writer he has but few equals in condensing much in little space—and yet the letters are interestingly lengthy. His style is not of the Chesterfield school ; neither do his thoughts savor at all of Jonathan Edwards' philosophy, while telling us about the sacred places of the old world. Bennett has made for himself a unique niche in modern history; and that he is doing- a great deal of good in his peculiar field as an iconoclast, we have no doubts. Those wishing to know how an honest man can differ from ' orthodox' visions, while viewing the same historical subjects, let them send for the book, inclosing $1.25 to D. M. Bennett, 141 Eighth street, New York. The Indications of Character As manifested in the general shape of the head and the form of the face. Illustrated. By H. S. Drayton, author 'Light in Dark Places, 'Brain and Mind,' etc. 12mo. Price in paper, 15 cents. Fowler &amp; Wells, Publishers, 753 Broadway, New York. This compact and neatly printed pamphlet treats in a clear and popular style of an old subject, but discusses it in a manner quite different from what we are accustomed to. As an introduction to the study of the THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 45 physiology of the mind, it is a valuable treatise, and to those who have not the time nor opportunity to pursue the subject in detail, it will be found both interesting and useful. To teachers and all who have much to do with others, old or young, it will be especially serviceable.