MEANS AND ENDS O. C. HAMPTON The several phases of Shakers' destiny as individuals, and also as a community, may be conveniently divided into two distinct departments, viz.: means and ends. These considered distinctly may give rise to suggestions enabling us to meet the every-day experiences of a religious life with more serenity and resignation than we otherwise would. The means by which we are gradually elevated to higher and higher degrees of holiness and happiness, being nearly all in direct antagonism with our lower instincts and are necessarily painful. Consequently to take hold of these means and put them into active and successful practice is something like proposing to one's self to dwell in 'perpetual burnings.' I have, to be sure, met with individuals who affected to be almost insulted to be told that there could be any pain or suffering in doing good and practicing righteousness and holiness—-that after they were once convinced of truth in any direction, it was only a pleasure to practice it — ignoring entirely the universally recognized doctrine of ' no cross, no crown.' But I never found one of that class in my life, who abounded in works of self-sacrifice for the good of others, or even very instant in season and out of season in governing their own disagreeable idiosyncracies and lower proclivities to sensuality and selfishness. If you wish to measure the forbearance, modesty, tolerant spirit such a one is in possession of, enter into a discussion as moderately as you may with him or her, THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 31 and on a subject in which you do not see quite alike, and though the point may be of no importance whatever, still, if you do not accept without parley every thing they have to say (and such generally wish to say about all there is to be said thereupon) you will soon find that their patience is not as long as a drawing-knife handle. Such therefore cannot consistently be considered practical exponents of a gospel which openly professes ' that through much tribulation we shall enter the kingdom of Heaven.' But once more to the means. These are as various as the circumstances, temptations, trials, different degrees of amiability or otherwise, obtain in society, or in the experience of individual life. The means of final salvation and triumph over evil, though in many respects the same with all individuals and communities, yet in many minor respects according to divers idiosyncracies of physiological, mental and spiritual character are necessarily very greatly modified. And now if some bright, intelligent man, angel, or redeemed spirit would step in and impart to me two great mysteries of godliness, how soon might I draw this subject to a close. 1. How so to manipulate the condition of all Zion, temporally, spiritually, individually, and socially, with the least possible amount of friction consistent with the safety of the institution, and how to clothe each individual of our earthly Zion with such heavenly wisdom as to enable every one to meet the trials, self-abnegation and searching self-discipline necessary to refinement and purity with the least amount of friction possible. But alas ! It seems that nothing but the slow grinding mills of experience, and the still slower evolutions of universal progress, can furnish this precious knowledge or open the innumerable combination locks of these great mysteries. But how often the prophetic gleams of future triumph and heavenly peace suddenly break through the clouds of sorrow, scattering all darkness and sadness and blessing us for hours and even sometimes whole days and weeks, cheering and recuperating hope, and calm consolation, as though we had already entered upon the full fruition of our final Heaven. Sometimes this is done by means of instrumentalities we little suspected of possessing such power. I remember years and years ago of going to my spiritual adviser for comfort or at least ability to stand, under almost unendurable tribulation. He said ' I propose to spend the afternoon in calling to mind one by one in mere mechanical succession, all the regulations governing our family. You need not dwell upon them, or make any application of them,' said he, ' but merely call them over.' Now I could not see the remotest relation between my suffering and the remedy; for the stringency of these very regulations were a very weighty coefficient of the unknown quantity thereof. However, as a drowning man in this sea of perdition, I caught at the straw reached out to me and went into thorough compliance with the counsel of my good old spiritual adviser. The cloud went up from about my habitation and was succeeded by one of the most serene periods of sunshine and consolation, I ever experienced. I don't think a dispensation of exactly that kind, of such length and severity and from precisely similar causes, ever visited me any more from that day to this. I would infer from this that one at least of the methods of releasement and abatement of friction and severe trials, must be sought from the inspirational side of our nature, rather than that of the philosophical. To be sure the aftermath of experience yields us wisdom, patience, courage, etc., but for the deadly struggles of the days of inexperience, give me- the rich inspirations of well traveled saints, all the nonsense of ' be your own Saviour,' ' individual sovereignty,' etc., etc., to the contrary notwithstanding. Thus much of means; of ends in relation thereto, anon.