The Children's Grotto THE GOLDEN LADDER M. R. BUTLER The children watched the sun go down, And in its gleaming changes, The west seemed first a sea of fire, Then golden mountain ranges. And Fannie asked, ' what are the clouds ? They look like hills of glory,' ' The steps of Heaven ' Prank replied, ' It is a sweet old story. ' A guardian angel, every day, To each of us is given ; And every night they climb to Heaven, Up o'er that Golden Ladder. ' And then the gates of pearl swing back Upon their gleaming hinges, And all the sky seems melted gold, With red and purple fringes. '' But when the doors are closed again, The guardian angels gather In solemn silence, with their books, Around our Heavenly Father. ' And when I close my eyes and think How, in that sinless dwelling, Will sound the story of the life My angel must be telling. ' Some days, I know, my angel takes The record of my sinning ; But then I always try to make The next a new beginning. ' So, when at night our Father calls, My angel may be bladder, And he the first to climb to Heaven, Up o'er the Golden Ladder.' KEEP AWAY FROM TEMPTATION The only safe course for a young man, who would retain his virtue and his correct principles, is to keep away from temptation. How many have fallen who merely ventured to look at vice in her gaudy colors! Her temptation was too strong for them to resist. They partook of the fatal glass — snatched the gilded treasure, or gave themselves up to uncleanness. None are secure who run in the way of sin — who see how near they can venture on the threshold of vice without entangling their feet in the net of the adversary. Have you ever heard the story of the gen. tleman who advertised for a coachman? If not, we will repeat it. Three applicants were admitted to the room. He pointed out to them a precipice, remarking : ' How near the edge of this can you drive me without any danger of an upset? ' The first applicant replied -. ' Within a hair's breadth.' ' How near can you drive me?' asked the gentleman of the second applicant. ' Within a hair's breadth,' he replied. As the third was about leaving the room, supposing he had no chance of competing with the other two, the gentleman stopped him. ' Let us hear what you have to say,' said he. 'Why, sir, I cannot compete with either of these ; if I were to drive you, I would keep as far off as I possibly could.' ' You are the man for me,' said the gentleman, and he engaged him immediately. In regard to vice, he is only safe who keeps away from temptation. Those who venture near are often upset and destroyed. We can all point to individuals who are lost to virtue, who, when they took the first wrong step, resolved never to take another. It was the voice of a pretended friend, it may be, that urged them on, only for once, but it proved their destruction. Ye who are now safe, whose hearts are not contaminated, listen to the voice of wisdom and go not near the strong allurements to vice. Keep away from the gaming table, the grog shop and the midnight party. Keep away as far as possible, and a life of integrity and virtue will assuredly be yours. Here are some lines for the little girls to read... Here are some lines for the little girls to read. If they would really be pretty, and grow up as handsome women, let them remember that it is ' Not costly dress nor queenly air, Not jeweled hand, complexion fair ; Not pearly teeth nor sparkling eyes, Not voice that nightingale outvies. Not one, nor all of these combined Can make one woman true, refined. 'Tis not the casket that we prize, But that which in the casket lies. These outward charms that please the sight Are naught unless the heart be right. She to fulfill her destined end Must with her beauty goodness blend.'