GENUINE CHRISTIAN'S TESTIMONY Amos Stewart A . Mount Lebanon, January 1, 1881. Beloved Brother Albert,—I. wish to add my testimony in support of the present work of God on earth; I feel a great interest in the Gospel of Christ and of Mother Ann. It will slay the ' man of sin,' and give life to the souls of all who obey it. To my gospel companions I would say, be faithful and true to your trust; God has called you to a great and glorious work ; and every soul that has been called into the gospel work will be accountable for what use they make of their day and privilege. The work of God will never fail. It is built on a sure and unfailing foundation. Christ has made a second manifestation through the female order, and the work is complete; the male and female communicants of the Christian faith can now stand equals. These are the latter days spoken of in Scripture, when God would set up his everlasting kingdom never more to have an end. Beloved gospel companions, we are now enjoying a very great blessing which God has bestowed upon us, and all who have been faithful to live out the true principles of the gospel of Christ know it to be the power of God unto salvation from sin. This salvation is gained by an honest confession and repentance of every thing that does not center to Christ's kingdom. In the first opening of our gospel testimony in this land, souls that went to see Mother Ann and the first elders, were instructed plainly and kindly in a manner they could understand. They were told, the first step that any soul could take toward the kingdom of heaven was to honestly confess their sins one by one as they were committed as nearly as possible; and the witnesses boldly testified their calling. Their testimony was sharp, and powerful as a two-edged sword against every kind of sin. I wish the same testimony could go forth to the world now, to awaken consciences to know what sin is, and prepare souls for the gospel. I fully believe that many who come in among us in this day never enter into the heart-searching work which the gospel requires. Therefore they cannot abide. They seem willing to own that some things they have done were wrong—things that they did not feel much ashamed of, and pass over in silence sins of greater magnitude, and never delve to the bottom of their secret lives to expose their filthy works of darkness which they feel so ashamed to have known. Let all remember there is nothing done in the dark but what must come to the light, before any soul can enter the kingdom of heaven. Souls may try to deceive for a while, but they will sooner or later fall out by the way. They cannot endure the gospel fire. No half-way work will ever do. God requires a full sacrifice of all that is sinful and unclean. It is the pure in heart alone that can commune with God.