Home Topics A waterproof whitewash... A waterproof whitewash may be made as follows: ' Take half a bushel of lime, slack it with boiling water, and cover to keep in the steam-, strain and add seven pounds of salt dissolved in hot water; three pounds of ground rice, boiled to a paste, and added hot; half pound Spanish whiting, and one pound clean glue, previously dissolved to a thin paste; add five gallons hot water, and stir the whole; cover it, and keep it a few days. It must be used hot. One pint covers a square yard.' Oyster Pie The Religious Telescope asks us: 'Will you have some oysters ? ' and treats us to the following : .—Line a dish with puff-paste or a rich biscuit-paste, and dredge well with flour; drain one quart of oysters, season with pepper, salt, and butter, and pour into the dish ; add some of the liquor ; dredge with flower, and cover with a top crust, leaving a small opening in the center. Fried Oysters . — Select the largest, dip them in beat egg, and then in bread or cracker crumbs ; fry in equal parts of butter and lard until they are brown. They are very good dipped in corn-meal instead of crumbs. Pickled Oysters .—One quart of vinegar, one ounce of allspice, one-half ounce of cinnamon, one ounce of cloves, one ounce of mace; scald all these together; when cold, put in the oysters; next day scald together. Oyster Soup .—Drain one quart of oysters and to the liquor add one quart of boiling water; let it boil ; skim carefully; season with a little Cayenne pepper, and butter the size of an egg; add the oysters; let it boil up once; season with salt; serve in a hot soup-tureen Oyster Stew .—Put two quarts of oysters in a sauce-pan with the liquor, and when they begin to boil skim them out and add a pint of cream or rich milk and seasoning; skim well; add to the oysters butter to taste, and pour the hot liquor over them, and serve. Recipe for Curing Meat .—In his last issue, Maj. Freas, the long-time editor of the Germantown Telegraph, says: 'As the season has arrived when curing meat is in order, we republish as of old our famous recipe for curing beef, pork, mutton, hams, etc., as follows: To one gallon of water take 1 1-2 lbs. of salt, 1-2 lb. of sugar, 1-2 oz. of saltpetre, 1-2 oz. of potash. (Omit the potash unless you can get the pure article. Druggists usually keep it.) In this ratio the pickle can be increased to any quantity desired. Let these be boiled together until all the dirt from the sugar rises to the top and is skimmed off. Then throw it into a tub to cool, and when cold, pour it over your beef or pork. The meat must be well covered with pickle, and should not be put down for at least two days after killing, during which time it should be slightly sprinkled with powdered saltpeter, which removes all the surface-blood, etc., leaving the meat fresh and clean. Some omit boiling the pickle, and find it to answer well, though the operation of boiling purifies the pickle by throwing off the dirt always to be found in salt and sugar. If this recipe is strictly followed it will require only a single trial to prove its superiority over the common way, or most ways of putting down meat, and will not soon be abondoned for any other. The meat is unsurpassed for sweetness, delicacy, and freshness of color.