Editorial THE TRUE MISSIONARY SPIRIT . We are afraid, not only sometimes, but often, lest the true missionary spirit will be lost sight of, and Christians be left to the enjoyment of themselves and their financial accumulations, while those whom they seem to know are not Christians, will be left without the knowledge of what the professors know to be ' the one true and only way.' We are sorry, not only for our Church, but for all other Churches in the land which profess Christianity, where members thereof feel a contentedness in enjoying every good which the gospel, according to their interpretation thereof will give them, unless they feel such an ardent desire — such a loving, human, Christian feeling — that they are willing, yea anxious to share everything they have, even to the last crust, that others may know and feel to enjoy the blessings of the gospel of Christ as they are enjoying the same. The principality of selfishness is of the devil in and to the gospel of Christ. We therefore proclaim and maintain that the selfishness of self is destructive to the best interests of what any individual, professing to be in possession of the gospel of Christianity, claims to be the duty of a Christian missionary. The development of true Christianity will make a new creature of any man or woman. Not only does this development cause an individual to leave self and selfishness so far as to love their neighbor equal to self, but insists that the neighbor shall share at self's expense better than self. ' Who is 40 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. our neighbor?' Let it be remembered that Jesus thus enforced the lesson: That an individual went out of his way to find a subject upon which to exercise something superior to Judaical teachings. Too many self-constituted Christians are acting the part of the Levite, and are saving their precious selves, and their more precious funds for the same precious care of self. Too few of those professing Christianity are acting the part of the good Samaritan, by giving both funds and self for the good of others. ' Let your lights so shine' — not for the simple enjoyment of all self can enjoy, but — for the benefit of those you and we believe to be in error and danger. Let us recall the fact, that Jesus, in enforcing this missionary spirit took pains to select as an exampler of merciful missions, one who was not in accord with those of his own immediate race. It is to be hoped, that in this late day of enlightened Christianity, those who are really (or who think they are) in possession of the most discreet elements of the true Christian faith, will leave it for those outside of their immediate body to transcend them in one of the most advanced Christian duties — the missionary duty, — and excel them in the denial of themselves, to administer gospel comforts to those whom they should supply, and thus get the terrible rebuke of ancient days — ' even as ye did it not unto the least of these,'ye are not my disciples! We are dying of selfishness, unless we are very alive to the call of Christ, to ''go preach the gospel.' If we have the gospel in excess of our fellows, let us so love them that we will preach the gospel with our means and by our example. Let us begin by the true criterion of so loving our fellows at home — our nearest neighbors — that we are willing and anxious to fare and share, even more than we have, thab they may feel the goodness of the gospel equal to ourselves. The gospel missionary must be one of the most unselfish of individuals; and ere such can be an exact imitator of the unselfish Christ, there is nothing they possess that will be too precious to part with to preach the gospel. LEAVE US NOT IN TEMPTATION EDITORIAL NOTES. ''.' We strongly object to the 'old line' of policy in teaching 'The Lord's Prayer.' The implication of the expression 'Lead us not into temptation'— is a fear lest the good spirit would lead us thither unless petitioned to the contrary. The true spirit of the prayer would and does indicate a way out of human depravity, inclination and difficulty. The same, and fully as necessary, desirable condition of the child, as the man or woman, is that neither should be left in a state of temptation. We are not sufficiently learned to assert the fact of genuine interpretation of the original, but we deliver the common sense interpretation, taught us by our Shaker preceptors, to pray 'Leave us not iist temptation.' THE WEST POINT APPOINTEE We wonder at the inordinate compliments that are being bestowed upon General Howard, who lately displaced General Schofield at the military THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 41 academy at West Point, N. Y.! We have long been aware of the eulogiums conferred upon 0. 0. Howard as a very Christian gentleman. Our religious contemporaries have been very liberal in their compliments of his Christian character. We ask all such, and the General himself, to consider for a few moments how Christian he or any man can be, who believes in war. and the instruction of war to the as yet uninitiated? We ask them to recall the testimony of General Schofield on the Whittaker trial, wherein he asserted that ' The Bible may teach such foolishness as turning the other cheek when one is assaulted, but we teach no such foolishness here ! ' We simply would assert, in repetition of the first best Christian, ' My servants will not fight! ' and we would simply add that Ave opine General Howard is either no Christian, or that the U. S. Government has made a mistake in the appointment, or perhaps better, Howard has gone there in the interest of the Lord to convert that devilish institution into a peaceable array for the Lord—than which the U. 8. Government could expend its funds for no better 'purpose. THE HAPPY OMEN ' The present age perceives that there are bonds of union far more important than doctrinal divisions.' The above we clip from the editorial note of The Christian Union which commented upon that nature's nobleman, deceased, E. H. Chapin. We hope all our dear friends will read, and ponder upon the noble, tmsectarian sentiments of the above paragraph. Thirty years ago, Dr. Chapin suffered the ignominy of the direst persecutions of pen, press and pulpit. At his funeral, as if to make amends for the iniquities of their early educators, there gathered, to pay the sincerest of respects, clergymen of all the denominations which a quarter of a century ago so detested him and his love for humanity, which so loved God as to believe God hated no one. ' The world does move;' and with it its theological, biased prejudices grow less. Thirty years from now, who knows how much more men will love each other and how fewer creeds there will be, and what there are, how much nearer like Christ, who was positively non-sectarian ! TO OUR CHILDREN We purpose in the future, a few simple talks with the children upon subjects that will interest and instruct them. While we have tried that the ' Grotto ' should not be neglected, we mean to do better still, and digest the wisdom of the wise, and bring it to the comprehension of our juveniles. Let our boy and girl readers trust us, and we will tell them some things in the future they will be glad to hear. THIS NUMBER OF THE MANIFESTO We ask kindly criticism of this number of The Manifesto, believing we present to our readers a valuable issue. The leading article would grace any Magazine in our land, and is full of facts, which should lead us who live to-day to be, very grateful for the improved state of civil and religious conditions which have arisen from the separation of Church and State, un- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. holy coalitions; and should put us more on our guard, to ever make the breach wider and wider. None will read Bro. Fraser's letter to John Ruskin, without yielding the fact that it is full of consistency, and one of the grand hopes of the millennium on earth. We hope and believe both of the above articles will be ex.. tensively copied. We readily yield to the reason of Bro. Bostwick, though there may be some who think singing psalms eternally is more reasonable worship than doing good works. Bro. B. is correct. Whoever has read H. W. Beecher, on ' The Cynic' will find that lecture equaled, if not excelled by our talented sister on 'Grumblers.' We hope for more of such truthful, spicy pictures from her pen; and who knows of the breaking down of the ' Iron Will' of Dunstan Kirke, in Steele McKaye's drama, will agree that Bro. El kins has given us a similar lesson — to the breaking down or up of some of our idiosyncracies. Thanks to Elder Buckingham for his poem, at nearly eighty years of age. The sweet verses of Emma A. Lent, originally published by us, sing of sweet trust and hopeful content, than whom none need such consolations more than she, who, though blind, is one of the most ingenious and industrious of goody goodies. ' Mending a Back' is good, and is intended as a death blow to ' quacks.' Others must excuse creditable comments, though worthy. Barring the simple editorials, we know we present a good number—and if we failed in all else, the beautiful music form the North Family, Mt. Lebanon N. Y., will make ample amends. MORE KIND WORDS New Bedford, Mass., Dec. 31,1880 Caleb C. Peckham . Mr. Gt. B. Avery : Dear Sir— My subscription ends with this twelve-month number, and I wish to renew it for the coming year. Inclosed you will find twenty three-cent stamps to pay for the same. I will say that no religious publication I have seen that I lik e better than I do the Shaker Manifesto, and I wish I could do more to spread the truths which it contains. A Shaker friend during the year has sent me a few extra copies for distribution, which I wish to return my sincere thanks for the same. Wishing you great success in the publication of the Shaker Manifesto, I remain truly your friend in the cause in which you are en.