KEEP AWAY FROM TEMPTATION The only safe course for a young man, who would retain his virtue and his correct principles, is to keep away from temptation. How many have fallen who merely ventured to look at vice in her gaudy colors! Her temptation was too strong for them to resist. They partook of the fatal glass — snatched the gilded treasure, or gave themselves up to uncleanness. None are secure who run in the way of sin — who see how near they can venture on the threshold of vice without entangling their feet in the net of the adversary. Have you ever heard the story of the gen. tleman who advertised for a coachman? If not, we will repeat it. Three applicants were admitted to the room. He pointed out to them a precipice, remarking : ' How near the edge of this can you drive me without any danger of an upset? ' The first applicant replied -. ' Within a hair's breadth.' ' How near can you drive me?' asked the gentleman of the second applicant. ' Within a hair's breadth,' he replied. As the third was about leaving the room, supposing he had no chance of competing with the other two, the gentleman stopped him. ' Let us hear what you have to say,' said he. 'Why, sir, I cannot compete with either of these ; if I were to drive you, I would keep as far off as I possibly could.' ' You are the man for me,' said the gentleman, and he engaged him immediately. In regard to vice, he is only safe who keeps away from temptation. Those who venture near are often upset and destroyed. We can all point to individuals who are lost to virtue, who, when they took the first wrong step, resolved never to take another. It was the voice of a pretended friend, it may be, that urged them on, only for once, but it proved their destruction. Ye who are now safe, whose hearts are not contaminated, listen to the voice of wisdom and go not near the strong allurements to vice. Keep away from the gaming table, the grog shop and the midnight party. Keep away as far as possible, and a life of integrity and virtue will assuredly be yours.