GRUMBLERS ELLA L. BULKLEY ' Some murmur when their sky is clear, And wholly bright to view; If one small speck of dark appear In their great heaven of blue.' How like a museum with its ever-varying :rowd of humanity is a Shaker community! THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 29 Every race has there its type ; every class its representative. Some have a glorious everdwelling sunshine; others nothing but darkness and clouds. These are the ones that require of others great patience and tact, to manipulate him into the paths of Christian respectability. It is a wonder even that we sometimes succeed. It is no wonder we frequently fail. Our doors standing wide open to receive such as the world sends, and trusting to Providence to glean from the chaff the occasional grain of wheat. We are often deceived by this human drift ; but never by the class known in natural history as ' Grumblers.' They are not generally depraved, some of them never break the ten commandments; many are of the strictest sect; but nevertheless they are always grumbling. They don't seem really to wish you any real awful trouble ; neither do they wish you to be unhappy ; but it's a constant growl about somebody or something. Their eyesight is always keen—so keen that straight things to them become crooked. You might do a thousand good things and they would never find it out; but just make one false step, and they spring upon you without mercy. They seem to think it an absolute necessity, in order to fit you for Heaven, to make you perfectly miserable on earth. They have a peculiar dislike to sunshine. Their aim is to keep every one, but themselves, constantly on the stool of repentance. If one is light-hearted, they taunt them with frivolity ; if reflective, and a little quiet, they laugh and say you are 'getting good.' If ever, by a miracle, one succeeds in pleasing them, they are sure, as soon as they recover their equilibrium, to make you regret such trifling with their feelings. It is a sin in their sight to show contentment, and awful to show a feeling of being happy with present surroundings. In fact to professional grumblers nothing is ever right. A person that blows up once in a while and gives vent in strong language to their ailments can be borne with • a good, smart storm clears the atmosphere, but this perpetual, cold drizzle brings with it no compensation. The fact is, some people prefer to have something to grumble about. If there is a snag in the stream they see it. Sometimes present troubles will not suffice. Their imagination soars far oft into the future, and they fret about what may possibly happen, If they have something to growl about, all right; if not, they invent it ; and the trouble is, those about them are always as uncomfortable as themselves. What a blessing a retreat for grumblers would be! but oh, how doleful such an institution ! After all though, 'like cures like,' and certainly it would be either 'kill or cure,' for they could not stand long under each other's temperaments, and in the course of time, perhaps, they would see that sunshine is far more desirable than clouds ; that cheerfulness is a duty we owe to God,our companions and ourselves, to make life endurable. We were not created to bring darkness with us and throw it around wherever we happen to be. It is our duty to make life a pleasure, take what enjoyment we find, and give all the pleasure we can. There are those whose veiy presence is sunshine. 'Some who, with thankful hearts are filled, If but one streak of light — One ray of God's good mercy gild — The darkness of their night.' Union Village, 0.