PEARLS OF GREAT PRICE Annie E. Mills I speak not of the wealth of the great deep sea; of the gems so eagerly sought for which lie embedded in the sands of the ocean, and for which men risk their lives by diving to the bottom shut up in diving bells, which must, if they but stop to think, appear like living tombs. I would not speak of such pearls which are but trifles when compared with the rich gems found in the great sea of humanity. Consider for a moment the bright and illustrious minds in ages past, who have been called from time to eternity, but who have left on record their lives of truth and honor, which are worth far more than rubies; of the sainted ones who have passed^away who were so untiring, pleading with and teaching, not only by precept, but by daily example, the way to worth and highest standard of life. But we are not obliged to look back and call from the grave, to have it give up its dead, in order to prove that the possession of truth and noble honor is far superior to that beauty which can be paid for with the paltry dollar, for the love of truth, and a desire to shun every appearance of evil is the greatest gift God ever gave to man. But what are these 'pearls ? Are they not of the mind? the intellect? in short, the whole souls of men? 'And what will it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose his soul, or what will he give in exchange for his soul?' And further, are our talents and time given to us for use or abuse ? Are we not responsible for the gems intrusted to our care, even if they may be small or illustrious? But would the valuable pearl's or precious stones, if left in the bottom of the sea, be more than the pebble by the roadside if left for all time in oblivion? Do they not have to pass through the hands of the refiner to be polished until rays gleam forth in dazzling brightness? How thankful we should be for the gift of conscience, endeavoring to have it show up for each day's work a clear record, being 36 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. careful else it be contaminated with evil literature, evil associations, idleness, untruthfulness, dishonesty, envy, jealousy and strife, until it becomes so seared and blackened with sin that we deprive ourselves of the lofty enjoyments God designed for us in the beginning. It matters not how long we may live, our time here is but short, if ^-pent in doing good ; if our every-day life tends to promote the good of others, and in all things we have an eye single to the honor and glory of God. We will, at the end of the race, obtain the pearl of great price — the salvation of the soul — which will shine more and more bright through all eternity. Watervliet, O.