SELF CULTURE ODILON ELKINS We honor the day which, in all the ages of the Christian era, has been annually celebrated and honored, in all Christian lands, with a universal sentiment of tender regard paid to no other event on record. It is in our fraternity, as abroad, looked upon as the time to mend old differences, to cement anew the fractures which our intercourse as brothers and sisters, or as friends, may have sustained during the year ; and to renew those feelings of love, good-will and kind wishes, without which life is indeed a dreary experience. If this is an appropriate time to make amends for violated feelings, to seek reconciliation with our injured or injuring companion, it would seem, also, a fit time to consider upon those habits of conduct which serve to make life pleasant or unpleasant ; — to reflect upon those words which sting, and looks which wound the sensibilities of those about us ; and above all, to dwell upon the inner life — the thoughts — the feelings, whence issue these powerful agents of evil. Some one has said: 'For one occasion where we are liable to offend by deed, there are a hundred where we are liable to do so by our words; and for one time when we may profit another by any deed, 'there are a hundred when we may do this by our words.' While we are seeking self-improvement in these important matters, minor points should not be overlooked; — while we studiously avoid saying that which will wound, and try to say those things which will cheer and encourage, we should seek to avoid incorrectness, and improprieties of speech. Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well, is a maxim of which we are making practical application in reference to singing and reading, and it should also be applied to our conversation. We should talk by rule, as well as read or sing by rule. Two extremes are frequently to be found in our conversation : one is an extreme carelessness in the choice of our words, and the pronunciation of them ; the other is the introduction of farfetched, pompous words, when simpler words are more agreeable to good taste. Common words for common things is an acknowledged rule. Also, if we would have our language agreeable to cultured ears, we should exclude all slang, or cant words. Of course we would not swear ; that would not do for us; but there are many expressions current with us, which are, to my mind simply substitutes for profanity. Every one of these, however harmless it may seem, is a blemish in our intercourse ;— is gross, and far beneath our high profession. In proof that I do not alone hold this view, I could name many bright examples in our midst from whom I have never heard a syllable of this description. The purity and holiness of our cause is so great, that anything not chaste and refined is out of proportion in our home. In regard to speaking by rule, some will say there is not time to attend to such trifles now — there is so much work in hand — the next life may be a more convenient place to take up these secondary matters. I have never learned that to exercise all the care needful to speak as correctly as one knows, requires extra time, or infringes upon other duties. Indeed it seems more evident, that in consequence of this self-discipline, we should bring to the discharge of our duties a greater thoroughness and fullness of pur- THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 37 pose, with a feeling that all the needed improvements are moving along hand in hand, and that each of these is to adorn our Zion. However this may be, we shall surely take our habits along, and that indifference which we manifest in this life will still be a controlling force with us. While we are ordinarily too thoughtless of how we speak, in meeting perhaps we are too careful, and take too much thought lest we violate some custom or rule of propriety. We find too much restraint in meeting, and too little elsewhere. Where we ought to exercise great spiritual freedom, we grip the reins tightly, and where we need the reins we relax. Whenever we meet for devotional or social exercises, we are conscious of a power within which restrains us from speaking our plain feelings, and doing it with plainness. It is a painful self-consciousness, producing fears that what we may say, while favorably received by some, may not be by others. Possibly we may not be so precise as others, or we may overstep the customary formalities, and say something uncommon ; in a word, we may be original. Whoever can be original has an enviable gift — one which should not be hidden in a napkin. We should put aside all thought of how others may be impressed by our remarks. The honesty of our motives will manifest itself and be sure of a response. Besides, there may not be outside of self any occasion for distrust. While we are imagining that others may feel to treat our offerings with a scornful dissent, there may not exist such an inclination. If there does, it is a shame ©nly to those who entertain it. They only are the legitimate objects of contempt. While I think we should endeavor to speak properly everywhere, I also know that the mortification that results from a failure to be as euphonic as we might desire is of greater benefit to us than success in the highest degree. Nothing so damages this self pride which looms up within so mountain-like. Still we dread it more than a cold bath. This has been called Shaker pride, and although common to the whole human family, among us it seems to have attained a peculiar development. But it has no place in the character of a thorough Shaker. There it is superseded by an oblivion of self—-by a devotion to what is true and right, blended with an unassuming simplicity, and with all dignity of demeanor. I am sensible that there is nothing merry in all this; yet I know that your toleration is only equaled by a desire that all gifts be made public. Enfield, N. H.