THE TRUE MISSIONARY SPIRIT . We are afraid, not only sometimes, but often, lest the true missionary spirit will be lost sight of, and Christians be left to the enjoyment of themselves and their financial accumulations, while those whom they seem to know are not Christians, will be left without the knowledge of what the professors know to be ' the one true and only way.' We are sorry, not only for our Church, but for all other Churches in the land which profess Christianity, where members thereof feel a contentedness in enjoying every good which the gospel, according to their interpretation thereof will give them, unless they feel such an ardent desire — such a loving, human, Christian feeling — that they are willing, yea anxious to share everything they have, even to the last crust, that others may know and feel to enjoy the blessings of the gospel of Christ as they are enjoying the same. The principality of selfishness is of the devil in and to the gospel of Christ. We therefore proclaim and maintain that the selfishness of self is destructive to the best interests of what any individual, professing to be in possession of the gospel of Christianity, claims to be the duty of a Christian missionary. The development of true Christianity will make a new creature of any man or woman. Not only does this development cause an individual to leave self and selfishness so far as to love their neighbor equal to self, but insists that the neighbor shall share at self's expense better than self. ' Who is 40 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. our neighbor?' Let it be remembered that Jesus thus enforced the lesson: That an individual went out of his way to find a subject upon which to exercise something superior to Judaical teachings. Too many self-constituted Christians are acting the part of the Levite, and are saving their precious selves, and their more precious funds for the same precious care of self. Too few of those professing Christianity are acting the part of the good Samaritan, by giving both funds and self for the good of others. ' Let your lights so shine' — not for the simple enjoyment of all self can enjoy, but — for the benefit of those you and we believe to be in error and danger. Let us recall the fact, that Jesus, in enforcing this missionary spirit took pains to select as an exampler of merciful missions, one who was not in accord with those of his own immediate race. It is to be hoped, that in this late day of enlightened Christianity, those who are really (or who think they are) in possession of the most discreet elements of the true Christian faith, will leave it for those outside of their immediate body to transcend them in one of the most advanced Christian duties — the missionary duty, — and excel them in the denial of themselves, to administer gospel comforts to those whom they should supply, and thus get the terrible rebuke of ancient days — ' even as ye did it not unto the least of these,'ye are not my disciples! We are dying of selfishness, unless we are very alive to the call of Christ, to ''go preach the gospel.' If we have the gospel in excess of our fellows, let us so love them that we will preach the gospel with our means and by our example. Let us begin by the true criterion of so loving our fellows at home — our nearest neighbors — that we are willing and anxious to fare and share, even more than we have, thab they may feel the goodness of the gospel equal to ourselves. The gospel missionary must be one of the most unselfish of individuals; and ere such can be an exact imitator of the unselfish Christ, there is nothing they possess that will be too precious to part with to preach the gospel.