WORK AS A MODE OF WORSHIP C. B. BOSTWICK The quaint simplicity of our songs must often strike the mind of strangers with a sense of freshness and beauty, as refreshing as it is pleasant; some of the ideas expressed have a tendency to recur again and again, until the mind is perforce obliged to take up the train of thought suggested. In one of our songs occurs the phrase: ' The Lord will require His own with usury.' This sentence has caused, by the process above hinted at, the following stray thoughts on work as a mode of worship. How can we best show our respect, or in other words, worship, to the Giver of all good ? reasoning by analogy I would say, by increasing our endeavors to make the best use of the gifts God has bestowed on\ 30 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. us whether bodily or mental. We all have a gift either small or great; it matters not how small, be earnest in trying to make the best of it. If it lies in mechanism, science, agriculture, &amp;c, &amp;c, all these require improvement. Get all the available knowledge in the direction your gift leads and go ahead; but don't get discouraged that you can't lift the world, tunnel the Rocky mountains, or some other large feat, when perhaps there is a bad place in the road at your very door that you could mend well, and make of use to all; or if a farmer, whose class is to my mind the noblest on earth, learn your business thoroughly from every source, it does not matter where, men, books or nature, but don't be content to do a thing because ' it has been done so for the last generation or two and will do for you,' it won't do for you, be sure of that. ' The Lord requires his own with usury,' and the usury can be best attained by improving your gift and making your land produce more than your predecessor by the skill you bring to bear on it. By doing this you have three causes of satisfaction: you are doing the will of God by improving your talents, you have increased the yield of your land, and have also the satisfaction of being a direct encourager, (by example, which is better than precept), of others in the same path, and lastly, all the time you have been working, you have been worshiping God by doing his will. This will be found to be the case throughout all the gifts of God; if the gift be small make it of use by constant practice of it ; if it be large, then, my friend, a greater responsibility rests upon you, ' the greater the gift, the greater the burden.' An earnest worker is one of God's true nobility; he is trying to do all he knows, and by respecting the gift, he respects the giver. If Vanderbilt, Jay Cooke, or any such were to give you any thing and wish you to use and improve it, would not you try? Then why not try much more to improve that which a greater than they has given you. Our Foundress said: 'Hands to work, hearts to God,' and also '' do your work as though you had to die to-morrow, and as if you had to live a thousand years,' thus proving that work had a higher value than the one commonly set on it. There is as much worship in good workmanship done in the right spirit, as in any other act; the spirit of the thing done and not the act itself is the key to tell whether anything done be worship or not, but God, the master workman, who has made the minutest insect with as much care as the mammoth elephant, sets us the example of good work. Imitation is the sincerest praise. Mount Lebanon.