NEW ENGLAND WITCHCRAFT AND SPIRITUALISM F. W. Evans Abstract ideas are, to individual and national conduct, as the primitive rocks in earth's structure are to the soils we cultivate which are the product of those rocks. Social customs and national laws are resultants of theological creeds, abstract principles and ideas that at the time are generally accepted and acted upon. From the Jewish axiom of justice—'An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth'—come personal, family and national wars—and this, too, even among Christians who also have an axiom—'return good for evil.' The New England Puritans held the abstract theological idea that God was an Athanasian God who could create something out of nothing, and, because he was Almighty, had a right to do wrong. The ecclesiastical and civil rulers united to act upon the same abstract principles. Their axiom was: 'A King or Priest can do no wrong'—their will being the standard of religious and secular right and truth. To them, the Bible was the word of God—when it was finished by the Council of Nice, Divine Revelation, from God to man, was also finished forever and ever. Consequently every thing supernatural— all spiritual manifestations — were THK 26 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. necessarily from the devil and his angels, so that it only had to be proved that a person was a spiritual medium—not a fraud—to put it beyond a doubt that he, or she was a wizard, or witch, and as such, liable to be legally and religiously executed. Upon this basis rested all the trials for witchcraft in New England. The trials were conducted by torture so that the accused had no means of escaping punishment except by confessing themselves guilty. In Essex Co., Ct., twenty persons were put to death between June 9th and September 23d, 1692, by direct action of the civil magistrates—just one hundred years before the Church of Christ's second appearing was founded. Some two hundred persons were tried and condemned to death, and many of those, who were not publicly executed, perished under the hardships of prison life and the gnawings of mental anxieties. Others had health, spirits, domestic ties broken, worldly possessions shattered by confiscation, and their subsequent lives made forlorn and miserable. Their social sufferings and personal mental horrors can never be adequately portrayed. What constituted, legally, a wizard or witch ? First, an undoubting belief in a great personal devil, almost equal in power and omniscience to Deity itself. Second, a covenant with the devil, voluntarily entered into, in which persons signed their names in the devil's book, with a pen dipped in their own blood. The covenant consisted in an agreement, between the parties, to each do the other's will when called upon. The mortal, in consideration of certain favors to be granted by the devil—as riches, honors, sensual pleasures to be enjoyed for a speci. fled time—agreed to be the devil's servant here on earth, and after death go to a hell of unlimited duration and torment. It was believed that the devil was powerless for evil in a community, unless some man, woman or child did thus covenant with, and sell their souls to him. From this conviction it follows that the civil rulers, who cared for the interests of the commonwealth, felt conscientiously bound to co-operate with the priests who were seeking to save the souls, committed to their care, from a literal hell of fire and brimstone, by hunting up, trying, convicting and killing the witches. The kingdom and dominion of the devil consisted of the infernal regions, in the spirit world, and of all Jewish, Mahomedan and heathen nations and their inhabitants on the earth. The American Continent— New World—with its Indian population, was his special inheritance. He was therefore designated as a ' great land holder.' From these premises, anti-Christians conceived it to be their civil right and Christian duty to exterminate the Indians, as did the Spaniards, in South America, and as the Jews exterminated the inhabitants of the land of Canaan. To the Puritans,the Bible was a law-book^ in any court of justice. Hence, ' Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live,' was New England common law. If the accused confessed being a witch and having signed his or her name,in blood,in the devil's book, death was not inflicted. Therefore the position of the greatest safety to any individual was that of an accuser of other persons as being witches. Why the confession of being a witch—pleading guilty —when accused, ensured safety, I am unable to decipher. As things were, for a time, no person, high or low, in the community, was safe. The whole population were living in the greatest degree of uncertainty and in a state of continual terror, beyond the power of modern secular republicans to comprehend or conceive. As was to be expected, many became informers, both for the pecuniary reward thut went with conviction, and also to insure their own personal safety. Just before her own execution, the clearheaded Mary Estus said to her executioners, 'Try the confessing witches, I being confident several have belied themselves and others.' Any genuine spiritual manifestation, such as those at Dr. Phelps' in Stamford, Ct., that I,myself witnessed' was demonstration strong as proof from holy writ,' of a case of witchcraft. Some whole families, like the Eddies, were mediumistic. Abigail Faulkner, daughter of the Rev. Francis Dane, of Andover, was condemned THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 27 to death. Her two daughters, only eight and ten years of age, testifying that their mother had made witches of them, they having signed their names in the devil's book with pen dipped in their own blood. She was tortured to make her confess, but died without confessing. Giles Corey, an old man eighty-one years of age, was accused and tried. Refusing to confess, the court ordered him to be put to the torture. They laid him prostrate and piled heavy weights upon him to break his stubborn will. He called upon them to 'pile on more weight! more weight!' till he died. Cotton Mather, Gov. Endicot and their coadjutors were, no doubt, sincere, humane, God fearing people, who reasoned logically from false premises—absurd theological dogmas and erroneous abstract ethical ideas —which at that time were generally recognized by the compound government of Church and State as it then existed in the British Empire, both at home and abroad, as a safe and infallible rule of action. Some rationalists assume that there was nothing spiritual, or supernatural about New England witchcraft—that the witches, or mediums, were frauds, and the accusers, informers, judges, lawyers and juries were all superstitiously deluded—that given the power, all religious people who are working for the union of Ecclesiastical and Civil government, whether Catholic or Protestant, would be conscientiously bound to re-enact, with the modern Spiritualists, Shakers and Quakers (on a far larger scale), all the bloody cruelty of New England witchcraft. With Cotton Mather, Gov. Endicot and many magistrates,their hearts would bleed, while their wrong-headed theology and the possession of Ecclesiastical and Civil power, which should never ha^e been conceded by the people, impelled them to perpetrate judicial murder. In her—Babylon Church and State—was found all the blood shed upon the earth. The Duke of Alva, the Crusaders, Torquemada, Endicot, were just what any other human being would be under their circumstances. The place for wild beasts is within iron bars, with a keeper. And the place for ecclesiastics who believe in war, and for civil rulers who believe in such ecclesiastics, is without the pale of pulpit or forum. That the supernatural was enacted in the Salem witchcraft delusion is as certain as human testimony can make any thing. It was this general popular belief that upheld the government in their legal persecutions and public executions. To us, in the light of our American secular government, republicanism and modern spiritualism, it is clearly a case of gross religious ignorance, political heresy, 'doctrine of devils '—of madness and folly on the part of priests, magistrates and people, who all reasoned from false premises,—untrue abstract ideas of both Church and State, with a logic that was almost as terrible to the judges, juries, witnesses and spectators, as it was to the trembling victims themselves. , The form and manner of the arraignment was one of the worst and most astonishing phases of the delusion. A person, perhaps a mere child, affirmed that at such a time and place, the apparition, or ghost of such and such a living man, or woman appeared to witness, and bewitched them—caused witness to do so and so, and sign his, or herself away, and that the devil's book contained the record. Then the man or woman was arrested, when the accused might not have been within ten miles of the informer, tried, tortured to confess, goods confiscated, family broken up, good name blasted, all ending in confusion and wretchedness. I heard Dr. Phelps say he would rather his house had been burned, than to have his children become spiritual mediums. A pious, blameless, religious life was no shield nor protection against an irresponsible accusative informer. None were safe. In 1692, the spirit world came down upon, and entered into the natural world—just as it is now doing in 1881. In 1842, the Beechers, in New York, declared that spiritualism was real—but that it was of the devil. It only required the same union of the Ecclesiastical and Civil powers that existed in 1692 to have reproduced the scenes of New England witchcraft. Let all be thankful for the separation of Church and State in a government that respects the inalienable rights of 28 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. the Jews, In (idels, Pagans, Atheists, Materialist, as it does those of the marrying and fighting Christians who are working foi such a government as existed in the times of New England witchcraft and spiritualism. In the above article I have drawn literally from Allen Putnam's New England Witchcraft, a book I can highly recommend to the students of Scientific Spiritualism. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.