Agricultural To the Public : Always interested in whatever is calculated to improve the conditions of human society, or the lands, vegetables and fruits they cultivate, and having heard much of the value of a composition for preventing the ravages of the borer and the yellows in peach trees, manufactured by Richard Van Deusen, of Enfield, Ct., post office address ' Shaker Station, Hartford Co., Ct.,' on the 28th day of September, 1880, we visited his orchards of pear and peach trees, to see, for ourselves, the result of the same upon them. The peach trees numbered some hundreds of five years' growth ; there was not one of them affected with the peach borer nor the yellows; not a single worm, nor the sign of one having ever been upon the trees was to be found ; the trees were in full and very vigorous leaf, wood well ripened, growth large, and all of a wonderfully uniform size and thrift ; the land was clear of grass and mostly so of weeds. Other adjacent trees of same orchard, on a hillside, were on sward land, some were younger, but all were healthy and very vigorous, and no signs of yellows or the worm among them. Some extensive orchards in the same vicinity, on same roll of land and set at same time, and not a quarter of a mile distant, are now almost literally extinct, having been bored to powder by the worm, and decimated by the yellows. The trees of a pear orchard in same vicinity, consisting of some hundreds, were also all healthy, no blight, although some others near by, not treated with the composition, were ruined. All these peach and pear trees had been washed, twice a year, with the aforesaid composition, thus manifesting, to every candid witness, the good effects of the same, and its safety from any injurious issue upon the trees, while it effectually prevents the operations of the destructive borer, and, probably, of the pear blight, though of this we should not yet feel so confident, but still hope it may prove an effectual preventive . The said composition is also a preventive from the gnawing of young trees by vermin, or by sheep, calves, etc., when exposed to their depredations, thus avoiding the necessity of curbing such trees except to prevent their branches being broken, etc. Yours truly, Giles B. Avery Shakers, Albany Co., N. Y. Jan. 26th, 1880.