MENDING A BACK RICHARD FLETCHER There is a bright side in a sick room, as one of our brothers lately proved while patiently enduring a painful tho' not serious ' spell.' To while away the hours of his almost willing imprisonment among sympa. thizing friends, who had been generally only common brothers and sisters, this cheerful patient wrote down the advice given him as freely as it was well intended. Orders for a common attack of lumbago complicated with hypo and sciatica : Take a wet sheet pack, a good dose of castor oil. Take blue pills ; also senna and salta. Try Belladonna Plaster. You need a good dose of rhubarb and jalap. You need a good clearing out with pills, a capcine plaster, and a good rubbing with Pain King. Do please put on some Thompson's genuine Opodeldoc. If you would take some Buchu you would be all right in a few days. All you need is one dose of black cohosh and nux vomica. Well, you might try that, and, if no better, Kennedy's Kidney Cure will fetch you around all right in two days. Why, did they not tell you to take Gum Guiac? It would bring you up soon. Pshaw ! There's nothing you need more than electricity ; cure you in one day ; you need a good portion of Mandrake, followed by Wine of Colchicum. You don't live high enough, man ! Take some old Stout and rare steak, with Dover's powders at night. Too much sugar in your blood ; avoid all sweets, and drink hard cider freely. Why don't you send for Poland water? Lie down on the floor and let me walk on your back, and you will get up well. A good dose of gin and lemon will give you great relief if not a positive cure. You ought to blister the back of your neck. A good ginger and hop poultice would put a new back in you, or else use mustard drafts. Why don't you give up and be doctored and not act so silly ? Just as brother Benj. Gates was about to decide which school of advice and kind theories to be patient under, his own good constitution brought the ' crik' out of his back and the usual 'spring' in again. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.