MEANS AND ENDS O. C. HAMPTON The ends proposed as ' the uitimates of a believer's life are : Salvation, contentment, eternal peace. But what is salvation ? For, since the bottom of what has been the theological hell for ages has been knocked out, in these latter times, and since the popular theological heaven depended so very much for its existence on the exploded hell, they are in danger of going over the dam together ; so also the mythical salvation predicated upon those misapprehensions of Heaven and Hell vanishes with them, being relegated to the limbo of the worn-out theological machinery of the past. What believers in Christ's second as well as his first appearing understand by salvation is a perfect, practical triumph over all lower lusts, appetites and proclivities, and a consequent immunity and relief from the ruin and sorrow of their 50 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. indulgence. Invulnerable peace is the necessary result of such triumph ; and complete at-onement with God is to be possessed by sincere confession and repentance of all known sin and an after-perseverance in righteousness in thought, word and deed. 0, if persons struggling amid the ' burning glooms ' and deadly sorrows of an incipient experience of a Shaker life, while the lower^ baser instincts of rudimental man are clamoring for gratification, could only see the bright glory, the calm serenity, the sublime exultation, the tempered but permanent joy and tranquil contentment, silently evolving from these holy, solemn experiences, what immense energy and courage would be imparted by the beatific vision ! But, alas, this seems generally to be incompatible with those conditions, or excluded therefrom, from some inscrutable element in the Divine scheme of evolution and elevation to higher and holier planes of existence ; and we must, for some cause, learn to bear these scenes patiently and with what cheerfulness we can. It is a consoling truth, however, that although no chastening for ' the present'seemeth to be joyous but grievous, nevertheless, afterward it yieldeth the peacea. ble fruit of righteousness unto them which are exercised thereby.' Heb, 12 ch., 11 v. It is, furthermore, comforting to remember that this was written for our encouragement by one who had passed through the purifying^cenes of spiritual evolution and had come into permanent possession of their blessed fruitions. So calm, comfortable and self-poised are those who have 'patiently traveled quite through this low ground ' of self-sacrifice, that there is constantly eman. ating from them a spiritual aura which many times is sufficient to raise others who are wading in deep sorrows completely above them all, and, for the time being, surround them with a safe, holy joy and releasement, even a foretaste of the eternal peace-victory and triumph which awaits them. This is One of the purest joys of the spiritual harvest ; this blessed power and privilege of relieving and even chasing away at times the deadly sorrows and fierce temptations of our dear companions who are ' lashing through their scenes of trouble.' An individual instance of this occurs to my memory at this time. A person for whom I felt a deep spiritual interest sent for me to visit him. I went, and being one whom I had in spiritual charge, he ' communed with me of all that was in his heart.' When he finished I said to him : '' You will not fail; you will triumph ; you are too sincere to fail ; and now, you can, for the present; feel entirely released from these severe struggles.' Being called elsewhere, I did not see him for three or four days. Upon inquiring of him at the end of that time how he was getting along, he said: ' After you came at my request, and talked with me a little, I was entirely and completely released and have not felt the least bit of those terrible buffetings since.' Now, I am some ashamed and mortified to be obliged to introduce the objectionable pronoun into this little episode, but if it will do any person any good, I can stand it ; for what I like to read is not so much theological speculations and logically wire-drawn theories, as little interesting details of actual experience, and I suppose many of the readers of the invaluable S. M. are of the same taste and way of thinking. When one is pretty well along in gospel experience and most of his or her hardest battles and severest sacrifices have been so thoroughly gone through with that they will stay gone through with, then ' the day-spring from on high' begins to permanently pervade and abide with that soul, and ' the well of water springing up into everlasting life' is no longer a sweet anticipation of hope to be earnestly longed after, ' as the poor, weary servant desireth the shadow,' but is thenceforward a sublime and unspeakably glorious reality. The sun of perpetual peace and serenity beams from his spiritual sky, and the illuminations and inspirations from his dear companions and still more liis illustrious predecessors, reflect their bright love and consolation upon him forever. He needs not wait for another world to enter upon these eternal joys and fruitions, for this happy estate is attainable here. In fact, this is 'the world to come' which Jesus spoke of, and the ' eternal life ' he referred to. If a man is able to take pleasure in his THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 51 duties of whatever character, with the music of heaven in his soul, and surrounded by good and faithful companions between whom and himself the love of God is always flowing ; if he sits down by his fireside in the evening and engages in conversation, reading, singing, or silent meditation, with no painful memory of sin troubling his conscience, and no degrading impulse goading him into desperation and guilt and ruin ; if he can and does feel the love of God toward all humanity, whether saints or sinners, and a tender and Divine sympathy for all who are suffering, and a willingness and a joy in relieving them so far as he can ; we say in earnest : ' If this will not Heaven's true happiness bring, It must be because there is no such thing.' These, then, are the ends proposed to be reached by believers, through the instrumentality of self-sacrifice ; for, first, our own purity and elevation ; and, second, for the good and similar elevation of our fellowbeings ; and even these sublime beatitudes are but the beginning of an eternal scene and process of evolution, whose glory and goodness and happiness no mortal has ever conceived. Union Village, 0.