BRIGHT LIGHTS! ELVAH F. COLLINS In traveling the numerous and oft-times dreary thoroughfares of this busy world, after the sable curtains of night-fall have been lowered, to screen earth from the sun's illumination, how pleasant to meet the 'bright lights' all along the way, which time and invention have brought to such perfection. Just as cheering it is to meet with ' bright Lights' in human hearts, that have been kept trimmed and burning, perfected by progression of thought, and obedience to truth, shining with steady glow in cloud or sunshine. Counting all workers for the good of humanity, these may be numbered b}r the hundreds and thousands, extending so far back that the dim glimmer of those which brightened the early ages (long since extinguished to mortal eyes though to-day lighting the streets of heaven) is scarcely discernible. It is with regret that while gazing at the stars of the nineteenth century, so bright, beautiful and alive with inspirations, we behold them swiftly and suddenly dart into regions unknown, or become lost to sight in the deep blue haze of eternity. One by one they pass from the intellectual, moral and spiritual firmaments, and we watch with interest the gradual rise and increasing magnitude of others, God sends to fill their places in the orbits of human existence. Among the many gone who will be missed THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 57 more than others, those two noble workers for general good, Lucretia Mott and Lydia M. Child, whose broad sentiments, unbounded by sea or land and ministrations of peace, have gone forth like an aura of healing to thousands of aching hearts, some of whom ^ave felt its blessing though unconscious of the source. Those who were the immediate sharers of their social intercourse in life, und who tread the byways and highways in which their feet have wended on missions of love, no doubt, know the value of such true friends, while all lovers of truth who have read, heard or seen the jewels and diamonds, that have fallen from the pen and lips of these brave thinkers, are ever ready to respond in a soul-felt amen ! As friends to the oppressed of every grade and color, strong workers for the uplifting of women from slavery to nobility of character, they have woven Immortelles in their garlands, which will increase in beauty as the true Order of Heaven is established in this now chaotic world, where man rules as ' monarch of all he surveys.' We know there are many in the land whose hearts beat to the same measure and who will continue the great work of reform, that has its grand ultimate in the equality of the sexes, all nations and races of people on the earth, when land will be as free as air and water. ' I may not be a prophet yet the fabled time's at hand, In which the nations shall combine as one united band ; That day will see one God, one Church, one government on earth, The long expected golden age, the truer second birth.' To all who have pulled out a stone from the foundation of the old creation, or added one to the new (though their bodies lie in the grave), will be rendered the thanks and praise of those who follow on to complete the structure. Every one has power to make the world a little better for having lived in it, if they so will it. We may all be a ' bright light ' to some one, two, three or more if we fan into life the little spark God has created on the altar of each soul, which He designed should benefit not only ourselves but each other. By thus doing we may send a gleam to cheer some struggling one, whether our journey lie through the valley of shadows or over the rolling main. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.