Editorial MOSAIC REMINDERS We have long contended that no nation, since the days of Mosaical discipline, has been governed by so just and consistent code of laws. That no more rational and effectual physiological science has ever since been taught, practiced, nor better fruits thereof been experienced. That no more, nor as much, justice has since been familiar in the dealings of the people, nor any greater nor more extended philanthropy anywhere since been exercised. On the contrary, we can look to the failure of the observance of Levitical arrangements for nearly all ' the ills that flesh is heir to,' and also for nearly all of man's inhumanity to his brethren. In the tremendous agitations now occurring in Ireland, we are forcibly reminded how very rigid were the laws of Moses in the restriction of the then aristocracy, limiting the same to a few years at most, when all would begin again upon a level, with equal facilities, so far as real estate concerned the people, to rise again to aristocratic pre-eminence. When we think that the lands of England, Ireland and Scotland are owned by a few thousands of inhuman and unfeeling tyrants, and that this ownership is perpetual in their individual families ; and that the parties who work the land get only a small pittance of what they grow, and are unreasonably evicted at the caprices of said tyrants, we may well recall the fact that such a state of things could not have existed under Moses, nor occasions given for such violent, but only reasonable demonstrations, under the pressure of circumstances. A parallel, if not an exceeding injustice is being perpetrated upon the Indians of the United States. Their lands are being robbed from them by the government, and sold by the government to others, not Indians, in perpetuity. Not so under Moses' rule. The purchase and possession of the lands by the purchasers were limited. The service of individuals to others was limited; and not as in Ireland and elsewhere, perpetual, and without hope of a better condition for the servers. What a happy and vastly superior plan was that of olden time, to have the people rest from their labors and speculations, not only one day in seven, but one year in seven ; while the spontaneous grains, vegetables and fruits of the year belonged to no one in particular, but to all equally. Would there be these violent but righteous uprisings by the oppressed the world over; would we have our perpetual Indian wars; would we then have the terrible contrasts of rich and poor, masters and slaves, if such an arrangement should be made and executed ? And particularly would not the great troubles of the world be banished, if the lands were returned, as of old, every fifty years to their original owners ? Then would we hear the songs of peace and plenty the world over, instead of these, only to be expected remonstrances and bloodshed. Many of the slaves of Ireland — and Ireland 60 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. is no exception—-would come into just possession of the lands upon which they are so horribly taxed, and brutally evicted. Then would we see our Indians and their descendants rising up, once in a generation, to the renewed assumption of their rights, instead of being annihilated by bloodthirsty, socalled, Christian people. The present agitations of tlie Land Leaguers, and the constant battles upon the plains, cause us to think now and to dwell particularly upon the limited possession and re-distributions of the crops and real estate.. But we might dwell just as reasonably and perhaps with mightier and more truthful effects, upon the systems of diet, of the various habits in the lives of the Children of Israel, as reminders of the present almost universal cry of disease, and of systems and habits which foster disease ; and that a return to Mosaical instructions presents the shortest, safest, if not the only refuge from sickness and disease. And perhaps, very reasonably so, this physiological return is of the first necessity ; which condition being attained unto, would be all powerful in correcting all other lusts which are giving the various governments so much trouble, because of the unjust and ungodly contrasts between the conditions of the rich and the poor, the masters and the slaves. Let us, while praying for the millennium, bear in mind that its coming will convulse the gross injustice that prevails among men who should fare as brethren, equally well, and that it may find more or less to condemn and revolutionize, in us as individuals. *£? COMMUNISM AND COMMUNISTS It must be apparent to every student of Christianity, that the early disciples of Christ were genuine communists ; those who were willing to, and did share every thing within the reach of all, one with another. This is communism in genuine. It is not of the invasive spirit ; that which would demand of and force those who had possessions to fall down and share all they possess with them ; but who are able to work and wait in patience, for the good spirit to turn the hearts of selfish possessors to a union with the Commune. We believe there is no one feature more fully representing Christianity, than the ability to commune, truly, with the brethren, the household of faith, ' having all things in common ; and no one possessed aught he called his own.' Let governments or churches decry communism if they will ; but they could with equal or greater propriety decry purity of heart as being unchristian. Of the two—communism truly, purity of heart—true, unselfish communism demands the greater nobility of the man and woman, and the same is proved, where we see those who may, can and do boast of their purity of hearts, who are as selfish as the smallness of their souls permits them ¦ to be, and just as unchristian as ignoble. Let us have' more and more of true communism in the churches ; let the same be accompanied by purity of heart and every other virtue ; but do not let us hear so much of the possession of this peculiar virtue or that, with genuine communism—true THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 61 brotherly love—left out ; or we will decry the whole self-proclamation as a piece of deception worthy only of the devil. Bear in mind there are neither rich nor poor in the assembly of Christ 'Ye are brethren* ; and ' one is, your Lord, even Christ,' the original Christian Communist, ft