THE BEST CAPITAL DANIEL ORCUTT The best capital to begin life with is a good character. Make and keep good resolutions ; let them call forth daily self-denying effort. Build up virtue by precept and example. One clock that goes wrong may be the means of misleading a whole community ; and the same may be said of the example that some persons set before their companions, Place a pure life above all things. A clear conscience and a pure record are of untold value; thousands disregard their worth. Never feel above an honorable calling, nor be afraid of the coarse frock and the apron. Put your hands to work in the line of duty ; dust on your garments and moisture on your brows bring neither shame nor disgrace. Better soil your hands than your characters. Nothing can essentially injure your characters but your own deeds. Work is no hardship, for it brings its satisfactions and its victories. Where hard work kills one person, idleness .kills ten. The founders of this great Republic were earnest toilers, and the noblest characters of our day are constant workers. You miss it fearfully when you feel shame or embarrassment at being seen in the laboring garb, rather thank God, who has enabled you to perform needful labor, and be grateful that you have learned to work. Never surrender your good name, and however poor you may be.in worldly goods, you are heirs to an inheritance that riches cannot buy — the heavenly treasures. When a person has lost his good name, who.will trust him? Who wants his society ? He may have been many years in building up a reputation ; it goes down. His friends 'shy off;' a noble ancestry cannot save him. Why'? it is whispered. . He is dishonest ! he has lost his good name! That blasts him. Now, look out, that there is no question regarding your character ; do not create any suspicions. You cannot afford to do it, for your good name is your only reliable capital, and when that is blasted by dishonesty, your character is ruined. Eternal vigilance is the price of safety. 'Watch,thou,in all things.' Warners are all along life's pathway, warning the inexperienced of dangers. The self-conceited may say, ' Oh ! how foolish and weak are those who have fallen ! I am strong ! I cannot fall.' But sooner or later, if they persist in wrong-doing, they THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 65 will fall. It is inevitable; and the longer they walk the ' broad road,' the greater will be the shock, and the more complete the destruction. Observe how sharply the Bible puts it, ' Let him that thinketh he standeth, take heed lest he fall.' Enfield, Conn.