SIGNS OF THE MILLENNIUM C. DIBBLE Rev. Dr. Talmadge, on his return from, a western tour September, 1880, said in the Brooklyn Tabernacle, recurring to his text [Romans, iiii, 13]. ' The day for the Church is at hand.' Extending his vision to the outer world he saw there the day at hand. He saw it in the trend of the age towards arbitration with the pen, instead of the clash of arms ; in the Geneva award, and in the settlement of the Fisheries' dispute without bloodshed, in the outcome of the Franco-Prussian war, and in England's mortification over her warfare with Zululand. ' I may be mistaken,' he continued, ' but I think there'll be no more wars between Christian nations, and I hope, that ere long, there will be no more fighting Indians, no more brave Ousters lost. But we must stop encroaching upon the red men. A general of high repute, who has seen much of the Indian warfare, told me only a few days ago that all the wars between the Indians and the whites have been provoked by our race. Now, while we are arbitrating with the civilized world, let us deal in a spirit of fairness with the Indians.' The speaker drew a vivid picture of the wrongs against which the red men have recalcitrated, and then continued: 'Behold the government of the United States and the North American Indians. The Indian has borne more than either you or I would bear. What is right in New York, is right on the lands that were inherited by the aborigines.' The speaker hoped that reparation might be made for the wrongs done the Indians by our forefathers. ' I'd rather be a red handed Modoc, than one of the thieving agents who have robbed the Indians! ' Here the vigorous rapping of canes indicated a desire to break out in hearty cheering. Not more than two weeks after this, the Doctor, perhaps lost in the effects of the pure mountain air of the west, and we hear him relapsing into another tone, calling on the general government to destroy Mormonism by arbitration, if possible, if not, then by howitzers, bomshells, bullets, cannon balls etc. We regret that a man of so large sympathy and brilliant talents should, through a spirit of religious intolerance, counsel war, especially after proclaiming that the time of Universal Peace is at hand. He should remember that the true antidote of an evil is not to commit another and greater evil. Persecution has helped Mormonism and it would again. The Christian method is to inspire the people of Utah with a better and purer spirit. Does Christianity, as it is practiced outside of Mormonism, afford this pure inspiration ?