ATONEMENT While professed Christians depend on the blood of Christ to atone for the consequences of sin, the reputed (Christian) infidels, physiologists, reformers, saviours, are working at the cause by striving to introduce pure blood into the reputed Christians. The former rely on the blood of a dead man, the latter depend on the blood of active, healthy, living men. The blood of Christ must have run low when the church instituted a fee paid in advance to atone for sins in anticipation, against which invention Martin Luther's honest soul protested, as did Jesus against the practices of the Jewish priesthood. As did Voltaire against the inquisition, and the exercise of unwarranted authority. And George Fox and Ann Lee against moral and physical sins, and spiritual blindness. And Thomas Paine against Church and State despotism. The great army which have ever confronted progress; the foe of human advancement and happiness, with ' cross over their heads, the gospel in their mouths, and fire and sword in their hands, have not all passed yet.' But other lingering relics have more the appearance of a retreating than a victorious army, well described in the 18th chapter of Revelations : ' Babylon shall be (is being) burned with fire ' of scientific truth, which preceedeth out of the mouths of Ingersoll, Bradlaugh and their compeers, who give more quantity and quality for thought than is found elsewhere. The Jews ' God's peculiar people,' and Christians who would evangelize the whole world, must correct their bloody record by atonement, confession and repentance, before they cry ' infidel ! ' ' He hath a devil,'* etc. ; and stone and imprison the modern prophets whose record has ever been, ' Peace on earth and unto men good will.' By their icorks shall ye know them. Atone, repent and be baptised into the spirit and practice of the golden rule, and God, angels and men will accept the atonement. ' O! make thou us, through centuries long In peace secure, in justice strong ; Around our gift of freedom draw The safeguards of Thy righteous law; And cast in some diviuer mould. Let the new cycle shame the old.'