DISCORD-CONCORD: No. I WM. H. BUSSELL These two words, placed in contrast with each other, fitly represent the primitive condition of mankind, as proved by its history, and that which is yet to be, as indicated by aspiration and the spirit of prophecy. 'First, the sensual, afterward, the spiritual.' All beings act in accordance with their several natures; the tiger must act out the tiger; even when tamed by man and apparently gentle as the lamb, he cannot always be trusted ; ' blood will tell ' Human beings, originally, are mere wild beasts in disposition. Thus the poet: ' Into a world of ruffians sent, I tread on hostile ground ; Wild human bears, on mischief bent, And ravening wolves surround.' It is not too much to say that, in ferocity and cruelty they have far surpassed the most destructive wild beasts. In the earliest times they seemed to have no object in view, in their contests with each other, but to gratify their passion for rapine and slaughter. The greatest warrior ruled over the most widely extended realms. His throne was surrounded by warriors like himself, and his power sustained by vast armies. It has been so quite up to the present age. Those called pagan nations have not alone been involved in wars; those professing to have a revelation from 52 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 53 Heaven urging them on to better things have been equally at fault. By conquest and slaughter ancient Rome enlarged her dominions. Since her fall, those who were instrumental in her overthrow have been just as busy in warring upon each othor. Where, then, it may be asked, are the evidences of the concord that is to be, if such has been the condition of mankind all along ? Progress in the best and most enduring things is slow. Ephemeral things are of rapid growth and of equally rapid decay. To truth and right and goodness belong the eternal years of God. As far back as the records of history carry us the manifestations of Divine Love have been apparent to some minds, at least. As the ages have passed along, these have become more and more apparent, and to a greater number of minds. In the days of Jesus and his early followers there seemed to be an outburst, a gushing from the very fountain of love. Then again the waters seemed to cease flowing, and the ministers of peace and love to have changed to messengers of discord. Advancement has not always been continuous in a right line. To some minds there has, at times, been an apparent retrograde, though others discern the forward movement even in such cases, just as the astronomer sees the continuous movement of planets and systems in the vast universe. To one looking back from the present over the whole field of the past, or as far as his discernment can reach, the change from worse to better, or from lower to higher things, has been great indeed. Within the last century the change for the better, both in material and moral improvement, has been so great that our historians have made it one of the especial themes on which they have loved to dwell. Looking through this glass, the celebrated French poet, Victor Hugo, has declared it his belief that in the course of the next century wars will not be resorted to by the nations to settle difficulties that may arise among them, but peaceful measures alone will be used. The golden era may not arrive so soon as that, yet that it will come before many centuries more shall have passed away seems clear, not to the eye of faith merely, but to the reason that views Infinite Power and Love forever employed, and knows how much has already been effected. Improvement in material conditions helps to bring about better moral conditions. That is a lesson clearly taught by the experience of the past century ; and then, better moral conditions aid in effecting still better material improvements. Remove the mental distractions caused by wars, and the power of thought will be multiplied a hundred fold ; and, once directed in the right course, its victories over mere material obstacles will be great, being aided both by intellectual and inspirational force. Sonyea, N. Y.