Correspondence Titusville, Penn., Feb. 5, 1881 Mrs. L. T. R. Aikin Titusville, Penn., Feb. 5, 1881. G. A. Lomas — Dear Friend and Brother : I am reminded by the return of the New Year that I must send you a few stamps in order to enjoy the monthly visits of that most welcome visitor, the Shaker MantFESTO.' For four years it has come to me in due time, laden with messages of love and wisdom ; and each time I have (as our Methodist friends express it in their conference meetings) ' felt my spiritual strength renewed,' feeling as I do that every word is the utterance of a true, honest and upright heart, that the words which they preach they practice also — something which we do not often see down in the' outside world. This is the year 1881, a year which has been designated by seers of the past ages (among whom are Mother Shipton, of England, and Mrs. Abby Marsh, of Canada) as fraught with great, with glorious events, insomuch that it has even been called the 'end of the world.' And methinks it may be so—in the sense in which Shakers believe that their Society is the end of the Earthly Order and. the beginning of the Heavenly, I tray God it may be so. I think I see in the principles of the ' Irish Land League ' more of the teaching o£ the Christ-spirit than has ever been expressed by any other organization (except the Shakers) of which we have any account in past history. And how it is spreading ! Wonder of wonders to see the people flocking together and proclaiming, to the world the great truth : ' God is the Father of all, and we are brethren.' 'The worlds are His, for He made them, and gave them to His children for a home; not to a few but to each and every one.' ' He who taketh from his brother the home that belongs to him, and his means of subsistence, is a thief and a murderer.' Is it not glorious to hear these great truths proclaimed in the ears of the ' Scribes and Pharisees ' as in the days of Jesus of Nazareth ? May the time have come when these teachings will be received by the people in a more literal sense than they have ever yet done ! I am making my letter too long, perhaps, but my soul is so filled with enthusiasm to see this great uprising of the people in the cause of equality and justice that I cannot help expressing it to my dear friends the Shakers, who I know have long been working for the same cause. With love and kind wishes for you all, I remain, respectfully,