KEROSENE Before any of our readers shall so foolishly tamper, and with carelessness, to the probable endangering and destruction of their own lives, property, and the same of others —' Halt! ' Read and reflect upon the wisdom enunciated by the Evening Times. Albany, N. Y.: 'An idea seems to be prevalent that kerosene is useful not only as an illuminating agent, but also in starting kitchen fires. It matters not that the papers almost daily record cases of painful death from its being put to the latter use. When a fire is to be started to cook the morning meal, it would be far better that nitro-glycerine, dynamite or gunpowder should be used, than that the kerosene-can should be called into requisition. The substances named only explode, but the kerosene oil takes fire and spreads itself on every object in its neighborhood. Would that every woman who tries to start a fire with kerosene would stop a moment to consider that the soldier under fire, in the midst of a hot battle, has many more chances to escape with life than she. Kerosene is a dangerous compound to be kept in a house, even if used prudently. It should be kept in some portion of the house where neither sunlight, nor any fire nor artificial heat can come. Lamps should be filled in the day-time, and under no circumstances should be filled at night with another light near. The oil itself is not explosive ; it is the gas engendered by the oil that occasions the explosions that daily occur. A half-empty lamp, although standing on a table, and without being touched, is liable at any moment to explode. Such accidents we have been called upon to record time and time again. In order to prevent explosions, lamps should be filled with the oil and filled in the day-time. So far as lighting fires by pouring oil from a can is concerned, it is to be hoped that no reader of this paper would ever even think of doing any thing so reckless and dangerous. Housewives should not only conform strictly to the rules here laid down, but should instruct their servants to do the same, and see to it, personally, that their instructions are obeyed. The picture of a woman with blazing garments, rushing through the streets, has become altogether too familiar. To be burned is the most fearful of all deaths, and yet, how often does it happen, because the most ordinary rules of prudence are disregarded?