AIRING THE BEDS AND ROOM F. W. EVANS The air of a sleeping-room should be constantly renewed from without, yet it should not be icy cold. It is quite amazing to see in otherwise well-informed people the lingering prejudice against night air, which makes them willing to breathe vitiated air all night long. Attention to the airing of beds and bedding cannot be too great, and it ought to be insisted upon in every house. The hurry to have rooms in order early causes beds to be made up before they have been thoroughly permeated by air and sunlight, and gives them that close, stuffy smell which is a sure index of deficient cleanliness. During the night the body throws off, through the invisible pores of the skin, much impurity, and to make up a bed while mattress, sheets and blankets are still sweltering with animal heat is a thing no neat, intelligent housekeeper should ever do under any pressure of hurry. The rest of the room can be dusted and set to rights, and the bedclothing left spread over chairs, with windows open, until a late hour, and nobody will be hurt. Where the bedroom is the common sitting or sewing apartment of a family, it should be thoroughly aired for a half-hour before dark, everybody vacating it for the purpose, and again before its occupants retire. In our societies it is an evil under the sun that beds and bedding, with some excep. tions, are not aired, agreeable to the above directions. In the Canterbury Bishopric the whole matter is systematized. Loops are ingeniously attached to mattresses and bedclothing, so that it is hung up and the rooms are thus left until the afterpart of the day. Where this practice does not prevail infirmities and weaknesses result, that cost 58 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. the sisterhood more labor than is saved by the short-cut, unclean plan of making1 up a bed. before it is air-washed. As to ' looks,' they are like tastes ; there is no accounting for them. What people did not reason into, they cannot be reasoned out of. It is as the difference between white and brown bread ; the decision will depend upon the condition of the person who ' looks.'