THE SILO G. B. AVERY By consulting Webster's latest edition, we find that a Silo is ' a pit, or subterraneous store for keeping grain.' The name is now applied to a partial or entire subterraneous apartment for curing and keeping green forage for cattle, called, by the French, ' Ensilage,' when it is cured in the Silo, a process which is effected by fermentation, as nearly excluded from atmospheric air as possible. On the 7th of January, 1881, the writer, accompanied by Elder Isaac Augur, of Hancock, and Geo. H. Cantrell, of Mt Lebanon, went to Lee, Berkshire Co., Mass., to see a Silo, which was possessed by E. M. Washburn, a scientific and flourishing agriculturist, importer and breeder of Holstein cattle of that town. We found a well-informed and genial gentlemen, who was the economical originator and manager of a model farm, and superb herds of cattle. In the summer of 1880, he built a Silo, thirty-five feet long by seventeen feet wide and seventeen feet deep. The walls were one foot in thickness, built of cobble stones and grout of Rosendale cement. The Silo contained about 200 tons of ensilage, consisting of alternate layers of sweet fodder corn and millet, all put in green, simply having the water dried off before cutting. Before putting it into the Silo, it was cut up by power about from one to two inches in length. (Should have been still fiuer, for the stalks.) This, when put into the Silo, was packed as solid as practicable, by treading and pounding down and covering nights with weights of stone upon plank coverings on top. The mass cures in about five or six weeks, then retains its characteristic qualities, whether fresh from the mass in Silo or left loose to dry. Friend Washburne is now feeding this ensilage to a herd of fifteen two-year old heifers (coming spring), some ten or twelve cows, two bulls and twelve yearlings, or rather last spring's calves, or about thirty 66 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. eight or forty head, at the rate of 2,000 pounds per day, to the entire herd, adding eight pounds of hay per day, at noon. All the stock, old and young, eat the ensilage greedily, and prefer the millet to fodder corn. They were all healthy, free from lice, their coats sleek and smooth, and the cows giving good messes of milk, and the proprietor informed us that his stock were doingbetter on this fare, thus far this winter, than they did last year on plenty of good hay and one peck each of shorts per day. He further stated that the enterprise would more than pay for itself in forage the present season. The Silo was built by himself and his own hired men, using for its construction about seventy-five dollars' worth of Rosendale cement, and some lumber, and the entire structure costing about $200, labor and materials included. To speak of the flavor of the ensilage, the millet smelled and tasted sweet, the fodder corn was slightly acid, about as much as weak acetic acid, unfit for table use ; but each and all was eaten by the cattle with as much avidity and apparent relish as the same weight of apples, and the entire waste of a week's foddering would not exceed from one to two bushels of short butts of fodder corn stalks, which, had they been cut one-half inch long instead of two inches, would have all been friable and eatable. So remarked our gentlemanly friend Washburn e, to whom we felt much indebted for his kindly attention, information and friendly entertainment. We found him economically husbanding all his resources for fertilization of lands. His stable floors, whereon cattle stood, were cement, and, behind, a space of three and one-half feet, consisted of a pit three feet deep, and filled solidly as it could bo well tread down with dry muck of peat-like consistency ; this is to absorb the liquids of the stables. It was filled even with the stable floors, then covered with loose planks, a plank one foot wide next the stable flooring being depressed about four inches lower than the main flooring, so as to keep the stall floors dry, also the walks behind, and to admit free ingress of liquids to the muck beds. When this filling is thoroughly charged with liquids, it is removed and more dry muck added. The droppings of hen roosts were also saved with dry muck and plaster, frequently and carefully gathered up and stored in barrels for use on corn, etc.