Agricultural THE SILO G. B. AVERY By consulting Webster's latest edition, we find that a Silo is ' a pit, or subterraneous store for keeping grain.' The name is now applied to a partial or entire subterraneous apartment for curing and keeping green forage for cattle, called, by the French, ' Ensilage,' when it is cured in the Silo, a process which is effected by fermentation, as nearly excluded from atmospheric air as possible. On the 7th of January, 1881, the writer, accompanied by Elder Isaac Augur, of Hancock, and Geo. H. Cantrell, of Mt Lebanon, went to Lee, Berkshire Co., Mass., to see a Silo, which was possessed by E. M. Washburn, a scientific and flourishing agriculturist, importer and breeder of Holstein cattle of that town. We found a well-informed and genial gentlemen, who was the economical originator and manager of a model farm, and superb herds of cattle. In the summer of 1880, he built a Silo, thirty-five feet long by seventeen feet wide and seventeen feet deep. The walls were one foot in thickness, built of cobble stones and grout of Rosendale cement. The Silo contained about 200 tons of ensilage, consisting of alternate layers of sweet fodder corn and millet, all put in green, simply having the water dried off before cutting. Before putting it into the Silo, it was cut up by power about from one to two inches in length. (Should have been still fiuer, for the stalks.) This, when put into the Silo, was packed as solid as practicable, by treading and pounding down and covering nights with weights of stone upon plank coverings on top. The mass cures in about five or six weeks, then retains its characteristic qualities, whether fresh from the mass in Silo or left loose to dry. Friend Washburne is now feeding this ensilage to a herd of fifteen two-year old heifers (coming spring), some ten or twelve cows, two bulls and twelve yearlings, or rather last spring's calves, or about thirty 66 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. eight or forty head, at the rate of 2,000 pounds per day, to the entire herd, adding eight pounds of hay per day, at noon. All the stock, old and young, eat the ensilage greedily, and prefer the millet to fodder corn. They were all healthy, free from lice, their coats sleek and smooth, and the cows giving good messes of milk, and the proprietor informed us that his stock were doingbetter on this fare, thus far this winter, than they did last year on plenty of good hay and one peck each of shorts per day. He further stated that the enterprise would more than pay for itself in forage the present season. The Silo was built by himself and his own hired men, using for its construction about seventy-five dollars' worth of Rosendale cement, and some lumber, and the entire structure costing about $200, labor and materials included. To speak of the flavor of the ensilage, the millet smelled and tasted sweet, the fodder corn was slightly acid, about as much as weak acetic acid, unfit for table use ; but each and all was eaten by the cattle with as much avidity and apparent relish as the same weight of apples, and the entire waste of a week's foddering would not exceed from one to two bushels of short butts of fodder corn stalks, which, had they been cut one-half inch long instead of two inches, would have all been friable and eatable. So remarked our gentlemanly friend Washburn e, to whom we felt much indebted for his kindly attention, information and friendly entertainment. We found him economically husbanding all his resources for fertilization of lands. His stable floors, whereon cattle stood, were cement, and, behind, a space of three and one-half feet, consisted of a pit three feet deep, and filled solidly as it could bo well tread down with dry muck of peat-like consistency ; this is to absorb the liquids of the stables. It was filled even with the stable floors, then covered with loose planks, a plank one foot wide next the stable flooring being depressed about four inches lower than the main flooring, so as to keep the stall floors dry, also the walks behind, and to admit free ingress of liquids to the muck beds. When this filling is thoroughly charged with liquids, it is removed and more dry muck added. The droppings of hen roosts were also saved with dry muck and plaster, frequently and carefully gathered up and stored in barrels for use on corn, etc. THE BREAD QUESTION •-----------?----------[From House and Home, London, Bng.] In another column we report the proceedings at a public meeting upon the bread question, held at Kensington last Saturday. Our readers have been kept pretty well informed upon the subject which we regard as being one of the first importance in die tetics. We have over and over again pointed out the irrationality of the present system of bread-making. Its pernicious effects upon the national health, wealth and wellbeing cannot be over-estimated. We have reached such a pitch of refinement that custom demands the use of bread of the whitest color and lightest texture. To produce this, the baker uses flour from which the most nutritive parts have been abstracted, and which, in reality, is little else than starch. This is especially the case in what is known as Vienna and French breads. Eaten alone, such a compound would not support human life, and it can by no pretence claim to be called ' the staff of life.' It has become such a hollow mockery, and its nutritive properties are so attenuated, that scarcely any amount of misdirected ingenuity can further refine away its pabulum ; so that we have the advantage of having reached the extreme limit in the manufacture of an article which is neither more nor less than sham bread. We are an ingenious race, and prone to adopt a circuitous route when a direct course is open before us. There are few things which we do in which this is better illustrated than in our bread-making. As the grain grows it contains all the elements and properties necessary to build up the human frame and maintain it in the brightest state of health. But that is too good— or not good enough—for us. We immediately set about to improve upon nature, and by our acts we claim a wisdom superior to that of the Infinite. The color of the . THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 67 grain is not to our liking, so we set up a costly machinery for the separation of the darker and what we call the coarser parts of it from its whiter and finer portions ; and in the case of very fine flour we retain but little beyond the starch of the grain. The resulting bread is deficient in essential structure, building and life-sustaining elements ; and, not being nourished, we become uncomfortable and diseased. Deficient in the bony pillars of our bodies, with our muscles in a half-starved condition, and with brain exhausted for want of its appropriate material for renewal, we are ready to fall victims to any unnatural method of stimulating the system, or of silencing those unpleasant nervous sensations which, as our true protectors, ever warn us to yield obedience to nature's laws. Hence, it is because our bread—so-called—is not bread, that so much flesh meat is required, and that animal food is in such good repute. It also favors luxury in food in other respects, and it induces a condition of body in which alcohol is taken with so much apparent benefit, while the narcotic tobacco is in requisition, to calm ar.d soothe the nerves of the victim of the baker. Fashion and' custom lead to this result; sham-like, as our bread is made, it is for the sake of appearance. We instruct our baker to supply us with white bread, and the whiteness of the article is our general test of its quality. The miller is required by the baker to furnish him with white flour, and, accordingly, he grinds the wheat to a great degree of fineness, and removes from the powdered grain all but its whitest parts. By doing this he abstracts altogether the salts and phosphates — those elements capable of supplying material to bone, teeth, nails, etc., and much of that required to nourish the brain and support the muscular system. And having done this, we fall back on the butcher, the brewer, and even the distiller and tobacconist to make up the deficiency! But instead of getting relief, we pile up and accumulate woes unutterable, and dub them ' the ills flesh is heir to.' It has come to our knowledge that several of our readers, adopting our advice, and eating only whole, meal bread, have lost all desire for the use of alcohol and tobacco ; a fact which temperance reformers should not lose sight of. The question is, as Dr. Richardson said at the meeting above referred to, ' one of the greatest possible national importance.' It, perhaps, more than any other in dietetics, affects the physique of the race. Of importance to every individual in so far as it interferes with his own health and capacity for work, it is of supreme importance for the same reason to the nation, whose truest wealth is the health of its citizens. We trust the promine nee now given to the subject, and the social rank and scientific attainments of its advocates, will induce a general and speedy return to the use of nature's grand provision for the sustenance of the human frame; unmutilated wheaten bread.