The Children's Grotto MINDAHMIMH: An Indian Legend GRANVILLE T. SPROAT How the first corn grew —from whom it received its name — origin of the green-corn dance. Mindahminah, the aged, sat in his solitary wigwam on the shores of the Keche Qa'hme (Great Lake). The night was dark and stormy ; the old oaks, on the shores of the lake, creaked and groaned in the blast ; for Keche Nodin, the Spirit of Wind, was very angry, and threatened to tear them up by the roots, and scatter them on the rocks below. Mindahminah had been a great hunter ; but he was old, and nearly blind, and his feet failed him in the chase ; and he lay in his wigwam faint and exhausted, for this was the ninth day he had been without food. Then he heard a sound like that of the wings of a bird fluttering among the poles at the top of his wigwam. Mindahminah reached forth his hand, and, lo ! a quail was confined among the poles, and could not find its way out. Mindahminah took the quail in his hand. Then he said to himself, ' Now has Keche Manito, the Great and Good Spirit, sent me this quail for food, who am alone, and perishing with hunger.' Then he raked together a few embers, that lay on the bottom of his wigwam, and kindled a fire, and proceeded to dress the quail, for food. Soon, amid the pauses of the storm, he heard cries of distress, as of some one perishing for want of shelter. He hastened to the door of his wigwam, and groped his way to a rock in the forest. Beside it lay a woman, faint and exhausted, who had missed her way in the midnight darkness. He took her by the hand, and led her to his wigwam ; rekindled his fire ; chafed her hands and her feet; and laid her on his own buffalo robe to rest. Then he took the quail, which he had caught and prepared for his own nourishment, and gave it to her, saying: ' My sister, all that I have for food in my wigwam is thine. Take it ; I give it to thee freely. There is not enough for thee and for me. One of us must perish. I shall die; thou wilt survive. Hereafter, when thou seest the poor and perishing, feed them as I have done to thee. Then will this last act of my life not be lost to thee, or to those who shall be blessed by thee. Farewell ! We meet not again till we meet in the Land of Souls !' Mindahminah said no more. He' laid himself down on the bare earth, for his bed; and that night the Great Spirit called him home to the Land of Souls. In the morning, the woman arose, warm and refreshed from her sleep, and raised the curtain of the wigwam ; and, lo ! Mindahminah lay cold and dead on the ground, in his wigwam ! Then she went and told the chief of the tribe; and they came and buried him on the spot where the wigwam had stood, and in which Mindahminah died. Then, the next morning, the men who had buried him arose, and went to the place and looked; and, behold, there were green shoots springing up above the grave,and the ground around it was covered. Then they wondered what it was that had grown up so green and beautiful in a single night. And a voice answered them from a cloud that lay, white and floating, over their heads : ' My children, listen to the voice of the Great Spirit ! This, that you see, shall be food for you and your children to eat, for many generations. It is called Mindahminah (corn). The good spirits planted it, and called it by his name, as a reward for his kindness to the poor and perishing one, whom he took to his wigwam, one coli, stormy night, and warmed, and nourished, and gave her of his own food to eat, while he, himself, perished with hunger. And this tale shall be told by the Story Tellers,* through all your tribes ; and they shall write on rolls of bark, for others to read, in the picture-writing of the tribe, these words: '' Blessed is he that giveth to the poor ! Keche Manito, the Great Spirit, shall reward him from his home in the southern heavens; and send him rain, and Kesis, the sun, shall smile on him, and cause his corn to grow ; and his children shall worship before me in the green corn time.f Blessed are the mer 64 THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. ciful and loving ones; for great shall be their reward of love !' ' *The Story Tellers of the Indians are a class chosen by the tribe to perpetuate its history to the rising generation among them. They assemble in the wigwam of the Story Teller, during the long winter evenings, and he relates to them the tales and traditions of the tribe. To assist his memory, lie holds in his hands long rolls of birch bark — some of them very ancient — covered with picture-writing, on which the most prominent events are delineated. The young men copy them from his hands, and repeat together the lessons of the deeds of their fathers he has given them. They include all their most daring exploits in hunting and fishing, and their successful raids upon the enemy in time of war. Many of them are chanted in a low monotonous key, in which they keep time with a drum, and rattle made of gourd shells. The Story Tellers are called the Ke-ke-no-ah-mah-gade ; and they are the real historians of the tribe. + The Green Corn Dance is a dance of thanksgiving, and is performed in the season of the early corn. It is generally performed on tbe open plain in the center of the Indian camp by the young men of the tribe It is the most laborious of all the sacred dances of the Indians, hence the old men and women seldom join, only as spectators. They come to the place of worship decorated with leaves and ears of corn; corn dangling from their heads, arms, and legs; and holding a sheaf of it in each hand. They sing and chant songs of praise to the Great Spirit, for the beautiful gift of corn ; whirling and leaping, as they feel inspired by the Great Spirit to worship before him. The ceremony ends with a feast of corn, prepared and laid before them, of which they all partake, sitting on the ground in circles. During the feast they chant and sing a song of praise to the Great Spirit. The following is a portion of the Nahgomin, or Song of the Indian Green Corn Worshipers : ' The green corn that waves o'er the valleys and hills The Great Spirit planted and causes to grow ; From behind a cloud curtain his pipe smoke ascends, And he looks down, in love, on his children below. Raise high your Nahgomin, with hearts brave and strong, And worship him now with the dance and the song. Raise high your Nahgomin,' etc. THE BEST CAPITAL DANIEL ORCUTT The best capital to begin life with is a good character. Make and keep good resolutions ; let them call forth daily self-denying effort. Build up virtue by precept and example. One clock that goes wrong may be the means of misleading a whole community ; and the same may be said of the example that some persons set before their companions, Place a pure life above all things. A clear conscience and a pure record are of untold value; thousands disregard their worth. Never feel above an honorable calling, nor be afraid of the coarse frock and the apron. Put your hands to work in the line of duty ; dust on your garments and moisture on your brows bring neither shame nor disgrace. Better soil your hands than your characters. Nothing can essentially injure your characters but your own deeds. Work is no hardship, for it brings its satisfactions and its victories. Where hard work kills one person, idleness .kills ten. The founders of this great Republic were earnest toilers, and the noblest characters of our day are constant workers. You miss it fearfully when you feel shame or embarrassment at being seen in the laboring garb, rather thank God, who has enabled you to perform needful labor, and be grateful that you have learned to work. Never surrender your good name, and however poor you may be.in worldly goods, you are heirs to an inheritance that riches cannot buy — the heavenly treasures. When a person has lost his good name, who.will trust him? Who wants his society ? He may have been many years in building up a reputation ; it goes down. His friends 'shy off;' a noble ancestry cannot save him. Why'? it is whispered. . He is dishonest ! he has lost his good name! That blasts him. Now, look out, that there is no question regarding your character ; do not create any suspicions. You cannot afford to do it, for your good name is your only reliable capital, and when that is blasted by dishonesty, your character is ruined. Eternal vigilance is the price of safety. 'Watch,thou,in all things.' Warners are all along life's pathway, warning the inexperienced of dangers. The self-conceited may say, ' Oh ! how foolish and weak are those who have fallen ! I am strong ! I cannot fall.' But sooner or later, if they persist in wrong-doing, they THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 65 will fall. It is inevitable; and the longer they walk the ' broad road,' the greater will be the shock, and the more complete the destruction. Observe how sharply the Bible puts it, ' Let him that thinketh he standeth, take heed lest he fall.' Enfield, Conn. A little boy was tempted... A little boy was tempted to pluck some cherries from a tree which his father had forbidden him to touch. ' You need not be afraid,' said his evil companion ; '' for if your father should find out that you have taken them, he is too kind to hurt you.' ' Ah,' said the brave little fellow, ' that is the very reason why I would not touch them, for though my father would not hurt me, yet I should hurt him by my disobedience.'