CHRIST'S SERMON ON THE MOUNT ELIZAETTE SUTTON I have been reading Christ's Sermon on the Mount, and I find so much that is beautiful in it that I cannot forbear expressing my own thoughts upon it. In the first place our Saviour was a governed man, led by the ' Holy Spirit.' He nerved Himself for the conflict of heaven and earth within Him. He served the living principles infused in His being and became a Regenerator, winning a renown that no other one had attained unto. He sought the power of salvation as no other one had done, and could, therefore, teach as no other one had taught. The sermon so true, so free and expressive, I will read again. Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven : Deep toned, pure and unremitting are the pure in spirits' claims. Blest are they, blest in creating a heavenly kingdom worth the name. They are of a broken and contrite heart, easily entreated, deeply imbued with the spirit of love they have broken up the fallow ground of the heart, and are removed from the sterile rocks of selfhood, and have based their dwelling place on the fertile soil of humility that is always so productive of good and wholesome fruit. Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted: A mourner, worthy the name, is one who 54 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. mourns for dead works, shedding tears of repentance for iniquity ; in this they cannot fail to find the balm of comfort promised. A true spirit of mourning implies forsaking, for effect follows cause. The moment we sorrow for wrong-doing we begin to make amends, and to such the comforter is nigh. Blessed are the meek, for they sliall inherit the earth : Although Jesus himself had not where to lay His head, I think He had a sight, in futurity, that took Him beyond the age in which He lived, and He saw an earthly inheritance for a people who would make themselves particularly worthy. A home of earth that would not be taken from them so long- as they maintained a meek and humble spirit. I believe a thorough gospel baptism will meet the wants of physical and spiritual existence. Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness for they shall be filled : God says : My son and my daughter give me thy whole heart; the first sacrifice must be a worldly life—in making this sacrifice avenues of immortal good are opened to the soul, and we cannot cease to hunger and thirst after righteousness. Let the powers of an endless life and the joys thereof fill the entire being, we most gladly deny opposite influences upon us ; we lose a relish for the lesser joys of nature, for more and truer encouraging things that lead to a peaceful rest and a happy hereafter. We are filled in proportion as we hunger and thirst. Blessed are the merciful for they shall obtain mercy: Here the golden rule is brought to mind; Do unto others as we would have them do to us. Who does not love the spirit of mercy? all forgiving, open to conviction, feeling and doing in accordance with just principles ; not enlarging seeming faults, but considerate in a merciful spirit; bringing love to bear on discordant elements. Thus we win confidence and earn the mercy of others in return. Blessed are the pure in heart for they shall see Ood: This is heaven's best gift, clothing us brightly as are the angels in heaven. On this depends our success in Christianity. God's love may flow to us, but if we are not pure in spirit we cannot feel it. His light may beam around our pathway, but we are liable to stumble if we are not pure in heart. The richest treasures flow unimpeded to the heavenly mind. It sees God in smallest points that tend upward. As a magnet draws an object and clings to it tenaciously, so the pure in heart draw like influences around them. They sparkle in the firmament of the spiritual heavens as the stars glitter in earth's horizon. God is eminently beautiful and altogether lovely in the eyes of the pure in heart. Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of Ood : The character of a peacemaker is a joy in the house, lighting it in every department. How bland is the atmosphere surrounding a peacemaker whose heart spreads its dovelike wings and overshadows the erring. It soothes the afflicted when passion rises to disturb and offend, and gently warns the tempest tossed, causing a fevered pulse to beat quietly ; a loving word to drop from lips all sealed to kindly expression, and to say with the poet : ' The heart depends less for its joys and its beauties, On the flight of the Eagle than the coo of the Dove.' Mount Lebanon, N. Y.