MONOPOLY ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE The nineteenth century in which we live is marked for its scientific culture, brilliant ideas, and intellectual attainments; but unless such, knowledge be utilized and f*educed to practice, so as to benefit and bless humanity at large, it will be used as an engine of power to oppress the poorer and less educated, and to bind heavy burdens upon them unjustly. America, the land in which our lot is cast, is a broad, beautiful and goodly land ; and with proper cultivation will yield a fullness of all that is needful to sustain life. Her rich mines of gold, silver, iron and precious stone, under the direction of skilled labor, if rightly used and not abused, may be made a great blessing ; but it is quite possible to turn great blessings into dire curses. As we trace the planets in their courses, and note the precision with which they move, and mark the seasons as they come and go, with so much regularity, bringing their seed time and harvest, reason as best we may, we can arrive at only one conclusion ; i. e., there is one source of knowledge and power ; a prescience and a guiding, directing hand seen and felt in the vast universe. That all pervading Mind or Being, we call God ! The Originator, Producer and Sustainer of all created things. And when we contemplate the love, wisdom and goodness of G©d toward His creatures, we ask : What more could have been done for His vineyard that He has not done ? He indeed planted noble vines, and sowed goo.d seeds ; but an enemy through various instrumentalities has sown tares ; and we find strange vines producing wild and sour grapes ; and degenerate plants in almost endless variety and forms—which are as thorns and briers. If the earth and its products were blighted because of man's disobedience to established law; why not by a return to those broken laws find restoration from penalty inflicted, and call down especial blessing, instead of continuing in sinful practices that ' grace may abound '? In other words, continue in wrong doing, in far reaching, and speculation that profit may abound, and interest accrue to a few at the expense of the many who are rendered destitute, and are realy enslaved thereby. Does a good and righteous God show particular favor to a few, because of intellectual endowment, or accumulated wealth? 'The earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof.' His love for His creatures is without partiality ; in Him there is not a shadow of turning from justice and equity! Man with perverted desires and appetites is unjust and and unequal, and is ruled by the spirit of monopoly, which manifests itself in individual claims to thousands of acres of land more than is needful to supply his real wants—and gold and silver in proportion. If the present age is marked for its scientific research, and analytic investigation— THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. resulting in skilled improvement in laborsaving machinery, in nearly every department of life—it is also marked for its ingenious machinations in amalgamating, and mixing deleterious substances with almost every thing that pertains to food or clothing ; and in preparing articles for market in the most artistic and guileful manner, and then stamping them ' warranted.'' If honesty instead of craft and cunning device ruled, the word spurious would in many cases be placed under the word ' warranted.' Thus we are forced to the conclusion, that greed and monopoly form a ground work of untold evils in society. The selfish monopolizing spirit of the present age is the parent of many other existing evils, which may legitimately be traced to it, as the producing cause. Capitalists have power to grind the faces of the poor ; and as a general rule, they do not fail to exercise that power. Too often men are measured by their wealth, instead of moral worth and integrity; and money is the charger upon which they ride into office, professedly to fill important positions in National Councils, for which they are not fitted, nor capacitated. Will this state of things always exist ? That is a question for the future to decide. We look forward with inspired hope, that truth in its onward march will banish error, and that increasing light, through the medium of reason and conscience united, will banish ignorance and darkness, so that inequality and injustice will flee the land, which should afford shelter and clothing, not only to the home born, but to the oppressed of all nations. May it be the prayer of all lovers of humanity, that the hills of aristocracy and pride may be laid low, and the valleys be lifted up, so that all may meet, the rich and the poor, on one common plane of brotherhood, and that justice and equal rights may be the inheritance of all. A man cannot live upon material bread alone—however bountiful his supplies, without spiritual food to supply the soul cravings—neither can he live upon acquired knowledge, and dwell in the realm of ideality, without the real and practical, pertaining to the present life, and that which is to come. As well undertake to live upon flowers, which please the senses and fill the air with rich perfume for a moment. Spring and blossom time are always welcome in their season, after a cold and ice bound winter ; but doubly welcome, because it presages what we hope will be a bountiful harvest. One season foreshadows another. What is the shadow to the substance ? All things in their season. Honest labor should be exalted. Monopoly, however skillfully we may weave a garment to cover its deformity, is not worthy to be tolerated by a free Republic or an honest, j ust, and God-fearing people.