Correspondence Editor Manifesto : Abraham Perkins I am so frequently receiving letters like the following, which so very much demonstrates the spirit which is at work in the hearts of many, I thought it might not be out of place to forward the following extracts which you are at liberty to publish with my earnest desire that still brighter vision may be developed for a clearer understanding of the great work of God; the seeds of which are planted in the earth and so far germinated as to produce fruitage and to give indubitable evidence of a power that purifies the heart and prepares it for an abiding habitation for the Most High. In much love, your brother, Enfield, N. H., March 25, 1881. Boston, Mass., March 20, 1881 S. N. Boston, Mass., March 20, 1881. Elder Perkins : Dear Sir.— Assured that it would not be considered unwarrantable presumption to address you, I do so, and feel honored in being permitted to enjoy the privilege of interchanging thoughts and sentiments with one whose life for half a century has been so strictly in conformity with that life of selfsacrifice which the Master enjoined upon all those who would be his disciples. Your worship and home lives impress me deeply ; the atmosphere of which has a restful influence and the repose and severity of your lives seem enviable. I cannot express how tenderly such lives, so quiet and unsophisticated, appeal to a heart thoroughly satiated with the frivolities and hollow pretensions of friendship, which are the inevitable accompaniments of a society life, in which my position compelled me in some degree to mingle, though always with reluctance. In my acquaintance with your people, I now feel that I have come into a higher, a purer atmosphere, and that ' old things have passed away and all things have become new.' Living as I have in the vortex of society, subject to constant fluctuations, my naturally quick susceptibilties were being constantly wounded by attrition with coarser uncongenial natures ; and ^1 do not think a day passed so happily that I could have desired to have the next its counterpart. It is different now ; your acquaintance, your letters have to me become perpetual soul feasts, and each morning brings the certainty that this day will be more abundantly blest. Purity of life I am seeking. It is my highest conception of godliness. The greater the purity of soul, the fitter its abode for the indwelling Deitjr ; and if to attain to that purity we must walk through the fiery furnace of affliction, our reward will be commensurate with our sufferings. With Ann Lee, of blessed memory, I believe ' tribulation brings our souls near to God.' We must tread the wine-press with bleeding feet, even as he did whom we love to call our elder brother. If we suffer with him, we shall reign with him ; if we bear our cross here, there is laid up for us a crown hereafter. The position of many Christian teachers burdens me. They stain their robes by assuming connubial obligations, and thereby fail to follow their Lord, who was without spot or blemish. I do not understand you to be creed-bound. Your liberal sentiments, your recognition of Christian principles wTherever found, is one of the cords that attracts me and binds me to your people. In this we are united by that illimitable love that knows no creed. Although my standing may be outside your fold, I crave admission into your hearts ; I have that degree of confidence in your honest lives ; I ask that I may have its benefits of your counsel and ripened wisdom ; nor would I have you feel misgivings in presenting your ideas, fearing they may collide with favorite opinions of mine. If truths wound because of false hope 1 may have hugged, let them wound, and let those wounds be probed that they may be the sooner healed. With regard to the strong ties of friendship for you as a religious body, too high an estimate cannot be placed of their value to me. O ! that I may have not only faith, but that I may be able to act in accordance with that faith which is germinating in my soul ; and as I comprehend it, I realize that it does 84 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. not teach that 1 can enter the gates of the city, only as you have been blest to find an entrance. 0 ! how precious the oneness of sentiment existing between us, and comforting the realization of the sympathetic chord which vibrates in unison with our emoti nal natures ! Yet you seem so far above, and beyond me in spiritual attainments, I can never dare expect to reach your altitude, but shall be most thankful to sit at your feet and receive nourishment from minds richly blest with gifts of the Divine, I mean no flattery, nor would I be so understood. 1 am now drawing toward the setting sun ; the greater part of my life is behind me ; and what of life remains for me, I wish to improve, that I may secure an 1 hold that which will unite my spirit with the just made perfect, that which will give the friendship of your body, that which has opened to me * fountain most, alleviating to the distress of a burdened soul, that which refreshes me with a balm most restful and enables my spirit to take on wings that carry me heavenward, and thus ally me to the Infinite. May I be permitted to continue the friendship so happily formed, a friendship which I would for no consideration be willing to lose. Yours with sentiments of high regards. Editor of the Manifesto Abraham Perkins Realizing as I do that I stand upon the brink of eternity, that to the longest, a few short years only remain in which to close my earthly labors, I am instinctively led to a review of what has passed before me, what have been my aims, what has fallen to my lot to meet, what have been my conflicts in the operations of the vicissitudes of life, how I have met these varied phases, and how I have treated society and conditions as I have found them. The days of childhood are those of iguoranee and innocence; they are also the days which most thoroughly educate the mind ; the period of life most impressible, in which principles are more firmly established and character is generally formed. Hence the importance of children being situated where no blighting or corrupting influence should reach them, where example is both moral and Christian, and where they may be intelligently educated in those principles which have their foundation in truth. The dignity and honor of the future man and woman, his or her success in life, depend almost wholly upon early guardianship and discipline. The seed then sown usually finds soil which ministers nourishment, produces growth, and yields fruit in all the seasons of after life. As the period of youth develops the natural instincts of the mind, among the developments is conspicuously unfolded the disposition to canvass the attainments of other minds, to stuiy the manners and habits of those with whom they come in contact; the result of which is, that those emanations, opinions and notions the most palatable are those which bring no restraint, no checks upon the downward tendencies, the lower animal passions of the human heart. The events of early life in my experience are so vivid, they are before me as the scenes of yesterday ; many of which being fruits of sound principles bring unsullied joy ; while others produce pain and sorrow., from the fact that the fountain was foul from which they were brought forth. Manhood succeeds, habits are formed and character established. Whatever the acquirements, they become as second nature ; the correct and true require comparatively little effort to sustain them; while habits and principles which are false and tend to immorality are difficult to eradicate or change. In the retrospection of the aims of life, it is a pleasant reflection, that the decision of judgment weighs favorably in the balance of justice, crowning the soul with a good degree of justification. Although in the journey of life much imprudence and error are apparent, that failure has often been the result of earnest toil, that bright hopes have been baffled; yet, knowing that the object was legitimate and the enterprise honest, feeling that underlying those labors, truth and right was the operating power, the contem- THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. 85 plation is peaceful, especially when the verdict is, that our trials have been met manfully and with moral courage. The walks of life are labyrinthian. None can discover at the commencement, the solution of its problems. We must trust, or we never accomplish; and in subjecting our selves to discipline, to the instruction of the wise and experienced, we are positively and practically fulfilling a law established by Him who set in order the systems of the universe, the lower subordinate to the higher, every part of creation subservient to a relative power, which finds its source in the great Creator, the motive power, the ruling intelligence. In the economy of creation, no such thing existed as independence. All created things are linked together in one vast chain, each having its respective capacity and order, and each its legitimate relation to the other, centering in the Great First Cause. Hence the necessity of obedience to the law of light, the attribute of reason ; the necessity of our dependence upon each other, which gives a connection of the two worlds, by which we have a union with those guardian spirits who have ministered to our necessities by which we are granted a reunion with our gospel parents and beloved kindred who have passed on before us. In view of our fellowship with the saints of God, with the just made perfect in Christ, I realize the necessity of the greatest care in regard to the manner and spirit entertained in earth life ; that under no circumstance, with Christian profession, can we in justification tolerate unkindness, hardness of heart, revenge or malice; if reviled, we are not to revile ; if unkindly or uncharitably dealt with, we are not to take on the same spirit in return. Such disclosures evince want of culture and Christian education —it is the fruit of an unsubdued heart, which in such condition has no place in the Kingdom of Heaven. . Enfield, N. H.