Can Shakers Respect Infidels ? EDITORIAL NOTES. It has been wondered at by many, why a people so deeply imbued with a THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 87 love of Christianity, that rigid selfdenials without stint are practiced by them, as a necessity, to bring them into a conformity with Christianity, could have any respect for the so-called scoffing infidel. But we can see good reasons for a large admiration amid all their jeering at creedal formalities. These do not profess Christianity as their creed, and therefore do not practice it. Professedly Christian churches hold as their head and Lord, Jesus, the Christ, while in the lives of their communicants, they differ not at all from the professed infidels. Christianity is a life, not merely a creed. As a creed only, unaccompanied by the life of Christ, it is a sorry and ridiculous farce. Infidels, from Paine to Ingersoll have never ridiculed honesty, integrity, nor sincerity in the practice of virtue, but they have and do ridicule the want of practice among church people of what they profess. They ask with good reason, why call yourselves Christians, and Jesus your Master, yet fail to obey the demands of your faith and Captain? Such contrasts as exist between the practices of nearly all professedly Christian churches, and those of the Christian Master, that no one can blame any for shaming and shunning such churches. It is singular that Ingersoll never has ridiculed the Shakers. And yet it is not so singular after all. Professing Christ as a life pattern, the Shakers can only be consistent, by trying as accurately as possible, to follow in the footsteps of the Master's life-practice. Prom a failure to do just this, professing, but unpracticing Christians give infidels all desirable opportunity to ridicule, if such is desired. They will not believe Christians, so-called, love Jesus, unless they will live like Him. They will not admit they believe in His doctrines of renunciations.and self-denials unless they will enter upon them as a practice. There are very few testimonies, which are put forth against the undutifulness of Christian communicants, ourselves included, that come home with more force, reason, and in which the point so well taken, as from these so-called infidels. If we are better than they are by profession, let us show it in our practice; by more exoellent charities for one another; by a purer life than theirs; by a nearer semblance, in our lives, to the model we have accepted as our great exampier. Infidels, from Voltaire to Bennett, have had more respect for the Shakers, than have as many of the brightest lights of the popular churches, and the reason is plain— that the Shakers are trying to practice in particular, what Christ both preached and practiced. The popular churches have ever ridiculed the Shakers ; while they have ever been very distant admirers of the Christ, who lived very much as do the Shakers, and so very different from the popular churches and their creeds. For the reason that the Shakers, in believing in radical Christianity, and practicing it as they do, the javelins of infidels have broken at their feet. The ridicule of the churches has been more than harmless to those, who professing, have the nearest practiced Christ. We claim that the popular churches make a sorry figure at genuine, Christian imitation ; that they render themselves as very open to the reasonable attacks of ridicule and reprehension of honest THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. men and women ; that they encourage infidelity by making of Christianity an impossible creed, impossible to believe in reason, and by the want of a love and fellowship for neighbors taught by the acknowledged Christ. So long then, as Paine or others honestly differed from the models of Christ's life, yet whose ' religion is to do good to our fellow-men ; ' so long as Ingersoll shall love, admire and practice the ' Golden Rule'and ' Sermon on the Mount,' we are not only forced, but can ardently respect them, even more than we can those who cry, ' Lord, Lord,' but do not the things which I say—live not the life which Christ did.