THE CANTERBURY SHAKERS Francis Winkley, Israel Sanborn [Copied from a New Hampshire Gazeteer, published in 1815, by Rev. Eliphalet Merrill, of Northwood, N. H.] ' On the S. E. side of the town near Loudon, is the Shakers' Village ; and as the head of their family has furnished the compilers of this work with a particular account of their concerns, we take pleasure in giving it in his own words. ' The believers (or people commonly called Shakers), in Canterbury, have been in the faith we now profess upwards of thirty years, and have had one Lord and one baptism, which is a crucifixion and death to the nature of sin, and unites the soul in the spirit and power of the resurrection of life. ' We have united our temporal interest for more than twenty years ; except some, who have since misbelieved, or those who did not choose so to do ; as there is no compulsion with us in such a case. We live together in love and union, as brothers and sisters in the spirit and not in the flesh. * * * As to marriages, we are all married to one, even to Christ who is in, and is the head of, His body, the Church. 'Death.— The souls who are in Christ do not die ; and to the faithful soul who departs this life there is no sting. Within thirty years, thirty persons, old and young, have departed this life in our society here, for whom we do not mourn, believing they have the fruits of their labors. ' We have generally consisted of from two hundred to three hundred souls in this village. We have one meeting-house, open at all times for public worship for all civil, discreet, candid and well-behaved people ; but those who are otherwise minded, we wish them in better employ than to come among us. We have seven dwelling-houses, one deacon's office, and a number of workshops, both for brethren and sisters, and several mills, etc., on an artificial stream. ' We occupy upwards of one thousand acres of land, which is consecrated to the Lord, to all of which we hold a lawful and constitutional right to govern and protect from all abuse ; and in that we are assisted by the ministers of the good civil authority to which we have respect, and from whence we derive support. ' We manufacture many articles for sale, which we endeavor to make worth what the purchaser gives for them, such as linen and woolen wheels, measures, sieves, candlesticks, brooms, wooden ware, boxes of wood, whips, cooper's set work, cards for wool and cotton, rakes and snaths, leather of different kinds, etc. We also raise garden seeds, in which we take pains to propagate the best kinds. ' For several years we have not made use of spirituous liquors except for sickness or infirmity, seeing the evil it brings on the human race. And to escape another obvious evil, we have not made a practice of trusting or being trusted. 'We believe the above sketches to be supportable in truth ; and if it answer your purpose ye will insert it without varying the sense. Ye are also welcome to our names. ' In union with and behalf of the people called Shakers, in Canterbury. (Signed.) ' ' P. S.— Our beloved brethren and sisters at Enfield, in this State, are nearly of the same number, and are in the same faith and kingdom, and in similar circumstances. ' F. W. ' I. S.'