Editor of the Manifesto Abraham Perkins Realizing as I do that I stand upon the brink of eternity, that to the longest, a few short years only remain in which to close my earthly labors, I am instinctively led to a review of what has passed before me, what have been my aims, what has fallen to my lot to meet, what have been my conflicts in the operations of the vicissitudes of life, how I have met these varied phases, and how I have treated society and conditions as I have found them. The days of childhood are those of iguoranee and innocence; they are also the days which most thoroughly educate the mind ; the period of life most impressible, in which principles are more firmly established and character is generally formed. Hence the importance of children being situated where no blighting or corrupting influence should reach them, where example is both moral and Christian, and where they may be intelligently educated in those principles which have their foundation in truth. The dignity and honor of the future man and woman, his or her success in life, depend almost wholly upon early guardianship and discipline. The seed then sown usually finds soil which ministers nourishment, produces growth, and yields fruit in all the seasons of after life. As the period of youth develops the natural instincts of the mind, among the developments is conspicuously unfolded the disposition to canvass the attainments of other minds, to stuiy the manners and habits of those with whom they come in contact; the result of which is, that those emanations, opinions and notions the most palatable are those which bring no restraint, no checks upon the downward tendencies, the lower animal passions of the human heart. The events of early life in my experience are so vivid, they are before me as the scenes of yesterday ; many of which being fruits of sound principles bring unsullied joy ; while others produce pain and sorrow., from the fact that the fountain was foul from which they were brought forth. Manhood succeeds, habits are formed and character established. Whatever the acquirements, they become as second nature ; the correct and true require comparatively little effort to sustain them; while habits and principles which are false and tend to immorality are difficult to eradicate or change. In the retrospection of the aims of life, it is a pleasant reflection, that the decision of judgment weighs favorably in the balance of justice, crowning the soul with a good degree of justification. Although in the journey of life much imprudence and error are apparent, that failure has often been the result of earnest toil, that bright hopes have been baffled; yet, knowing that the object was legitimate and the enterprise honest, feeling that underlying those labors, truth and right was the operating power, the contem- THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. 85 plation is peaceful, especially when the verdict is, that our trials have been met manfully and with moral courage. The walks of life are labyrinthian. None can discover at the commencement, the solution of its problems. We must trust, or we never accomplish; and in subjecting our selves to discipline, to the instruction of the wise and experienced, we are positively and practically fulfilling a law established by Him who set in order the systems of the universe, the lower subordinate to the higher, every part of creation subservient to a relative power, which finds its source in the great Creator, the motive power, the ruling intelligence. In the economy of creation, no such thing existed as independence. All created things are linked together in one vast chain, each having its respective capacity and order, and each its legitimate relation to the other, centering in the Great First Cause. Hence the necessity of obedience to the law of light, the attribute of reason ; the necessity of our dependence upon each other, which gives a connection of the two worlds, by which we have a union with those guardian spirits who have ministered to our necessities by which we are granted a reunion with our gospel parents and beloved kindred who have passed on before us. In view of our fellowship with the saints of God, with the just made perfect in Christ, I realize the necessity of the greatest care in regard to the manner and spirit entertained in earth life ; that under no circumstance, with Christian profession, can we in justification tolerate unkindness, hardness of heart, revenge or malice; if reviled, we are not to revile ; if unkindly or uncharitably dealt with, we are not to take on the same spirit in return. Such disclosures evince want of culture and Christian education —it is the fruit of an unsubdued heart, which in such condition has no place in the Kingdom of Heaven. . Enfield, N. H.