Home Topics Removal of Stains and Spots [The following recipes for the removal of stains and spots, we copy from the German Muster Zeitung. If they are as reliable as sug gestions heretofore coming from this same source, they will be worth dollars to many households.-—Ed.] Gum, Sugar, Jelly, etc.— Simple washing with water at a hand heat. Grease.— White goods, wash with soap or alkaline lyes. Colored cottons, wash with lukewarm soap lyes. Colored woolens the same, or ammonia. Silks, absorb with French chalk or fuller's earth, and dissolve away with benzine or ether. Oil Colors, Varnish and Resins.— On white or colored linens, cottons, or woolens, use rectified oil of turpentine, alcohol lye, and their soap. On silks, use benzine, ether and mild soap very cautiously. Slearine.— In all cases, strong, pure alcohol. Vegetable Colors; Fruit, Bed'Wine, and lied Ink.— On white goods, sulphur fumes or chlorine water. Colored cottons and woolens, wash with lukewarm soap lye cr ammonia. Silk the same, but more cau tiously. Lime and Alkalies.— White goods, simple washing. Colored cottons, woolens, and silks are moistened, and very dilute citric acid is applied with the finger end. Alizarine Inks.—White goods, tartaric acid, the more concentrated the older are the spots. 'On colored cottons and woolens, and on silks, dilute tartaric acid is applied cautiously. Blood and Albuminoid Matters.—Steeping in luke warm water. If pepsine, or the juice of Caricapapaya, can be procured, the spots are first softened with lukewarm water, and then either of these substances is applied. Iron Spots and Black Ink.— White goods, hot oxalic acid, dilute muriatic acid, with little fragments of tin. On fast dyed cottons and woolens, citric acid is cautiously and repeatedly applied. Silks, impossible. Acids, Vinegar, Sour Wine, Must, Sour Fruits. —White goods, simple washing, followed up by chlorine water if a fruit color accompanies the acid. Colored cottons, woolens and silks are very carefully moistened with dilute ammonia, with the finger end. [In case of delicate colors, it will be found preferable to make some prepared chalk into a thin paste, with water, and apply it to the spots.] Tunning from Chestnuts, Green Walnuts, etc., or Leather.—White goods, hot chlorine water, and concentrated tartaric acid. Colored cottons, woolens, and silks, apply dilute chlorine water cautiously to the spot, washing it away and reapplying it several times. Tar, Cart Wheel Grease, Mixtures of Fat, Rosin, Carbon and Acetic Acid.— On white goods, soap and oil of turpentine, alternating with streams of water. Colored cottons and woolens, rub in with lard, let lie, soap, let lie again, and treat alternately with oil of turpentine and water. Silks the same, more carefully, using benzine instead of oil of turpentine. Scorching.— White goods, rub well with linen rags dipped in chlorine water. Colored cottons, redye if possible, or in woolens raise a fresh surface. Silks, no remedy.— Muster Zeitung for Faerberei, Druckerei, etc. Wouldst know Fresh Eggs.—Les Mondes gives the following old recipe for testing the age of eggs, which, it thinks, seems to have been forgotten. As Nature thinks so THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 91 too, we may reproduce the recipe for our younger readers, and also as having other possible applications. Dissolve 120 grammes of common salt in a liter of water. An egg put in this solution on the day it is laid will sink to the bottom ; one a day old will not reach quite to the bottom of the vessel; an egg three days old will swim in the liquid ; while one more than three days old will swim on the surface, Colored Inks for Stamping.— The following are commended for the colors most frequently wanted for stamping purposes: Red. Dissolve £ oz. of carmine in 2 oz. of strong water of ammonia, and add 1 drachm of glycerine and f oz. of dextrine. Blub. Rub 1 oz. of Prussian blue with enough water to make a perfectly smooth paste ; then add 1 oz. of dextrin, incorporate it well, and finally add sufficient water to bring it to the proper consistence.—111. Sci. News. Leghorn hats are whitened (otherwise than with the fumes of sulphur) as follows : Immerse in a strong aqueous solution of sulphite of soda or bleaching powder (chloride of lime), and then in dilute sulphuric acid (acid 1, water 5). The bleaching powder treatment requires much subsequent washing, or the use of an antichlore dip, hyposulphite of soda dissolved in 20 parts of water.—Ditto.