The Children's Grotto A LETTER TO JESUS GRACE EDDY BY A postman stood with puzzled brow, And in his hand turned o'er and o'er A letter with address so strange As he had never seen before, The writing cramped, the letters small, And by a boy's rough hand engraven, The words ran thus, ''To Jesus Christ,' And underneath inscribed, ' In Heaven.' The postman paused; full well lie knew No mail on earth this note could take, And yet 'twas writ in childish faith, And posted for the dear Lord's sake. With careful hand he broke the seal, And rev'rently the letter read; 'Twas short, and very simple, too, For this is all the writing said : ' My Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ, I've lately lost my father dear, Mother is very, very poor, And life to her is sad and drear; Yet thou hast promised in Thy Word That none can ever ask in vain For what they need of earthly store, If only asked in Jesus' name. ' So I am writing in his name, To ask that Thou wilt kindly send Some money down; what Thou canst spare, And what is right for us to spend. I want so much to go to school. While father lived I always went, But he had little, Lord, to leave, And what he left is almost spent. ' I do not know how long 'twill be Ere this can reach the golden gate; But I will try and patient be, And for the answer gladly wait.' The tidings reached that far-off land, Although the letter did not go ; And straight the King an angel sent To help the little boy below. 88 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 89 Oft to his mother he would say, ' I knew the Lord would answer make When he had read my letter through Which I had sent for Jesus' sake.' Ah ! happy boy, could you but teach My heart to trust my Father's love, And to believe where aught's denied, 'Tis only done my faith to prove. TO THE SPELLING CLASS Stand up,.ye spellers, now and spell, Spell Phenakistoscope and Knell; Or take some simple word as Chili, Or Ganger or the Garden Lily. To spell such words as Syllogyism, And Lachrymose and Synchronism, And Pentateuch and Saccharine, Apocrypha and Celandine, Lactiferous and Cecity, Jejune and Homoeopathy, Paralysis and Chloroform. Rhinoceros and Pachyderm, Metempsychosis, Gherkins, Basque, Is certainly no easy task. Kaleidoscope and Tennessee, Kamtschatka and Dispensary, Diphthong and -Erysipelas, And Etiquette and Sassafrass, Infallible and Ptyalism, Allopathy and Rheumatism, And'Cataclysm and Beleaguer, Twelfth, Eighteenth, Rendez vous,Intriguer, And hosts of other words are found On English and on Classic ground. Thus Belmn&gt;&gt;- Straits and Michaelmas, Thermopylae, Cordilleras, Suite, Hemorrhage, Jalap and Havana, Cinquefoil and Ipecacuanha, Rappahannock Shenandoah, And Schuylkill and a thousand more, Are words some prime good spellers miss In Dictionary lands like this, Nor need one think himself a Scroyle If some of these our efforts foil, Nor doom himself undone forever To miss the name of either river, The Dnieper, Seine or Guadalquivir. PRAY WHAT CAN THIS LITTLE BIRD BE? It's strange how little boy's mothers Can find it all out as they do If a fellow does any thing naughty Or says any thing that's not true ! They'll look at you just a moment, Till your heart in your bosom swells, And then they know all about it — For a little bird tells ! Now where the little bird comes from, Or where the little bird goes, If he's covered with beautiful plummage Or black as the king of crows, If his voice is as hoarse as a raven Or clear as the ringing bells, I know not—but this I am sure of— A little bird tells ! The moment you think a thing wicked, The moment you do a thing bad, Are angry or sullen or hateful, Get ugly or stupid or mad, Or tease a dear brother or sister— That instant your sentence he knells, And the whole to mamma in a minute That little bird tells ! You may be in the depths of a closet Where nobody sees but a mouse ! You may be all alone in a cellar, You maybe on the top of the house; You may be in the dark and the silence, Or out in the woods and the dells— No matter ! Wherever it happens, The little bird tells ! And the only contrivance to stop him Is just to be sure what to say— Sure of your facts and your fancies, Sure of your work and your play. Be honest, be brave and be kindly, Be gentle and loving as well, And then you can laugh at the stories 'The little bird tells !