DISCORD-CONCORD: No. 2 WM. H. BUSSELL There is in the individual human soul the same discord, originally, as in the human society, passion warring with passion, and the light of truth and reason, as it enters, in the conflict with native brutality and stupidity. We have this statement from an English poet: '¦ Devils with devils damned, firm concord hold.' But this is attributing to the diabolic that which belongs exclusively to the divine. All that we know of the diabolic, whether obtained from the records of human history, or by the observation of our individual selves, shows a state of things the exact reverse of concord. The reader of history cannot avoid being struck with the facility with which nations that have combined their forces for the purpose of attacking some other warlike power will often dissolve that connection for some apparent or fancied cause and turn their weapons against each other. Mere self-seeking or self-glorification invariably engenders discord, whether in a nation or in the individual soul. For this reason Jesus declared selfdenial to be the sole test of discipleship, this being the only means by which the grace is obtained which assures union between different persons, and harmony in the soul of each. ' God is Love,' is the fundamental doctrine of Christianity. 'Love is harmony; In finite Love is therefore Infinite Harmony. This is discoverable by the astronomer in the grand movements of worlds, but when we come to our individual globe, the geologist and the historian speak of earth's upheavals, of the clashing of elements, of continual conflicts arising among all peoples that have ever inhabited the earth. How is this to be reconciled with the idea of Infinite Harmony? Some have undertaken to solve the difficulty by supposing an existant principle, all of whose acts tend to discord. Others opposed to this the idea of progress from original, lowest to the highest conditions both in the physical and mental worlds, The geologist maintains that there are abundant evidences on the surface of the earth itself of a condition of things in the earliest ages, when it was unadapted to life, either vegetable or animal, but by gradual changes it has become what we now behold it. So, the intellectual optimist assures us. it has been with human society, in its first stages but little above the condition of the brute, but gradually tending to higher and better things. The Christian believer who rejects what has been styled orthodox Christianity, ficds nothing in this latter view inconsistent with the teachings of Jesus. In the language of the poet Thomson, God is 'Prom seeming evil still educing good, And better thence again, and better still, In infinite progression.' But, to turn from theory to practice, how is one to assure himself that God is love, and that the discordant feelings, appetites and passions inherent in human nature may be removed, and something infinitely better take their place ? Let him test it for himself, just as he would test the value of any thing that has been recommended to his attention. Nothing can be simpler than the method of testing that Jesus himself has given, 'Ask, and it shall be given you.' ' But let him ask in faith.' One has the proof within himself of the harmony of the Divine Nature, when he has asked and received the inspirations of Divine Love. The tendency of these inspirations is to harmonize all within him. His warring passions cease their conflict, at least for the time being; his peace is like a river, gentle in its flow, whose sediment is not so mixed with it as to prevent clear seeing. He is satisfied of its divine origin, just as he is satisfied with the proofs of any truth presented to his understanding. He needs then only to apply to the same source of inspira- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 77 tion until he has satisfied himself that all within is harmony, peace and love. When all persons shall have done this, each for each, we shall have a harmonious world. Earth will then have become heaven.