PEACE ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE BY Peace is a word, whether written or spoken that seems to possess a charm, and is like balm to the spirit ; but when carried into practical effect, it is done by self sacrifice at the expense of pride, ambition, hatred and revenge. If we take counsel of unperTHE THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. verted reason, it will always decide as did one of the wise men of olden time, that 'Anger resteth in the bosom of fools,' and ask in the name of all that is good and true why it is that contending armies meet in hostile array clad in habiliments of war under the influence of heated passion, to fight and slay each other, under pretext — real or imaginary — of some wrong done, without being able to offer one intelligent reason for so doing ? Individual, society or national wrongs can never be justly settled by inflicting pain and suffering and committing a still greater wrong. Must we continue to think, that, in this enlightened age, the nation's honor is dependent upon the use of the sword ; and that there are no better means of settling disputations and dissensions other than by the practice of grossest inhumanity, and turning all the powers of mind and body to hate and revenge, and like wolves rend and devour those who should be our friends and brothers ? Is it not far better to suffer and patiently endure a wrong than to retaliate and render evil for evil ? Thus thought and thus taught Jesus, our great exemplar and elder brother. War is wrong in principle and in practice. Let the. maxim ' In time of peace prepare for war,' be changed ; and the principle be inculcated of peace and good will to all nations and kindreds of earth. Let those influential positions in society as teachers, leaders and rulers denounce war and show its hideousness and dark side, and cease to justify wholesale murder, and glorify the abettors of war and its chieftains, while they condemn and punish crime on a smaller scale committed by individuals. Tell us not that there is honor and dignity in retaliation and revenge whether perpetrated by one individual, by few persons or by many. It matters not if an army goes forth to battle, under cover of a nation's flag, towering high, and with martial music and a chaplain in attendance to do the praying, war is war, and neither priests nor people can change its nature, nor the effects produced thereby. We repeat, let the adage ' in time of peace prepare for war,' be discontinued and discountenanced by the rulers of the people who are placed in positions to shape the destiny of nations, who by different codes of laws are forced to subserve their purposes, and obey their behests, irrespective of their own convictions of right or wrong — or rebel. And let such rulers and magistrates feel the weighty responsibility that rests upon them, and remember that they hold the lives in their hands that will uplift humanity to higher and better moral and social conditions, or to the opposite. The rulers of nations have it in their power to render war disreputable by denunciation, and showing a better way to redress wrongs. Let calm legislation, pointing to arbitration and mediation between contending parties in lieu of the sword, take precedence in the national councils, and instead of satiating the ambitions of vain mortals, by laudation, and crowning them with laurels such as they seek, and men can bestow, ask them when the din of war has ceased, the camp fires have died out, the sword lias been sheathed, and the cool of the day has overtaken them, and reason has returned, to visit the widow and orphan, .whose home — if they are fortunate enough to have one left to them — has been made desolate, by being bereft of fathers, sons and brothers slain in battle; and to place their eyes upon maimed and wounded soldiers, whose lives have been shorn of peace and happiness by the war demon, and see if they will not be persuaded to bring all their weapons of war and lay them down at the feet of the Prince of Peace, and doff the warriors' crown, and all the honors connected therewith, and enrobe themselves in garments of peace, which they will have confidence to appear in before recording angels. This the devotees of war and its principles, cannot do, for the reason, that, by continuing to advocate war in principle and practice, they are not ' doing unto others as they would that others should do unto them.' The readers of the ' Manifesto,' will patiently bear with us, if we often refer to the subject of War and Peace. It is a momentous question, and is one of the living issues of the present time, and demands thought and attention. I think the public will pardon us, when we confess that we 74 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 75 are slow of comprehension, and utterly fail to understand how the high sounding professors of the Christian religion practiced by Jesus of Nazareth, who by the Christ spirit plainly taught, that ' they who take the sword shall perish with the sword,' as also the professed ministers who claim to preach the gospel of peace and salvation, and at the same time, and from the same pulpits advocate war, and hold up its champions as worthy the nation's praise and honor. We cannot see the propriety, if any there be, in making marked demonstrations of loyalty to Jesus, and to the principles which he boldly and fearlessly announced as the rule and guide of the Christian life and character, by celebrating Christmas day and claiming to uphold and advance the cause, and at the same time uphold and approve a cause diametrically opposite. Let those who name Christ and claim to be his ambassadors, return blessing for cursing, and teach others to do the same. Then they can consistently adore the character which Jesus formed by being identified with the truth; and understanding^ join with angels in the song, ' Peace and good will.' Such will prove that there is no ' mystery in godliness,' but mystery is' found in false ' theology.' All hail the Prince of Peace ! and all joy to his true followers !