SACRED SCRIPTURES, REVISED AND BOILED DOWN ' PRENTICIANA. Exordium.— Liberally educated in all the theological issues of the past, and having made the sublime discovery that the Sacred Scriptures as graciously vouchsafed by the learned council of ' The most High and Mighty Prince James, King of Great Britain, France and Ireland,' is behind the age, we patriotically resolved our honorable self into an Ecclesiastical Council, and with much pious labor, care and diligence bring forth the following : OLD TESTAMENT. Fond parents, wishing to establish a colony in a new country, clear a spot, plant it with trees, and make it like a garden. They put two of their children there, one of each persuasion — mere youths they were — and say to them, ' You see we have given you all the needfuls for horticultural purposes, and an instrument of a thousand strings. When arrived at mature age, once in twenty-six moons, when you have a teleram from us, with anthems of adoration and praise, you may touch the chords of that instrument, and we will send you a lit- THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. 81 tie angel — and thus shall your number be increased until you become a great nation. But see that you make no unhallowed use of the instrument. This shall be the test of your integrity, your worthiness to receive the rich blessings we have in store for you.' Wisdom is not a birthright inheritance. It is a plant of slow growth, some times through sufferings. Itching curiosity to try the chords of the mysterious instrument drew the youthful colonists into a youthful indiscretion. They see the blunder, they feel it. He tries to lay it to her. Bad chivalry that. She lays it to turtium quid. They do have an accession, and say, 'We have gotten a man from the Lord.' The sequel demonstrates that they ' have gotten ' him too far from the Lord, entirely. This youthful indiscretion demoralizes the colony, and now the question arises, how shall humanity be cleaned up, the Church be cleaned up, the Rev. the Clergy be cleaned up ? NEW TESTAMENT. Holy Eternal Parents plant a second colony like unto the first, same outfit, just this slight variation in the instructions — 'The use — the sole and only use of the Harp of a thousand strings, is to be let alone, not meddled with, manner nor shape. This is the test of your aspiration and selfcontrol, your fitness for our mansions of eternal brightness.' This second enterprise is a success. Now are the New Heavens, so long existing in prophecy only, being actualized in this, our day. The 'New Earth, wherein dvvelleth righteousness,' is forthcoming. It will furnish better material for the 'New Heavens' than is now lying about loose. In the 'New Earth' children can be born in good shape, physically and mentally, no pre-natal nor subsequent insult nor abuse, no lack of the affectionate. Peroration.— To all who make Scripture, expecting others to read, we respectfully suggest, wait till you are sure you have an idea, an idea that will interest somebody besides vour own dear self. When sure you have an idea, put that idea in the fewest possible words, put the words together mechanically, in pursuance of the laws of language. Let your sentences be short ; don't send your readers away back to hunt for your nominative or antecedent. In this fast age, with such deluge of would-be reading matter, if writers would have readers they must write, not wholly, for their own edification. Nothing personal intended.