Crooked paths CROOKED PATHS. Mrs. L. Stuttle. Cold and dark was the Wintry sky, Black were the clouds as they hurried by; Veiled were the stars; and the moon so bright Shed not a flickering ray of light. Is it the voice of the winds I hear? Waileth the storm in my shrinking ear ? Is it the shriek of the angry blast, Tossing the trees as it rushes past? Hark! 'tis the cry of a sinking form, Lost in the pitiless blinding storm. Slower, and slower the poor feet go, Round and round, through the drifting snow. Oh, how crooked the paths he makes! Oh, how many the sad mistakes! Joy, oh, joy! Through the dreary night, Far away shines a welcome light. 'Wow, at last, he can surely go Straight ahead through the blinding snow; Now he can follow his shining guide; Why should he falter or turn aside? But the tired limbs are benumbed with cold, And the form is feeble and weak and old, And the poor feet wearily climb the hill, But the path is crooked and winding still. By-and-by, when the goal is gained, When the longed-for rest is at length attained, When the glorious light of the new-born day Scatters the darkness far away, The old man smiles through his grateful tears, To see how crooked his path appears. 'Tisthus through the toilsome night of life, Vexed and worn with its ceaseless strife, Oh, how many the vows we break! Oh, how crooked the paths we make! Yet, how oft with an eye of pride Scorn we the lost one turned aside! Oh, how oft from the weak we turn, Uttering words that are cold and stern! Ah, how little we know the smart Buried deep in our brother's heart! Little we know of the grief and cares, Little we know of the earnest prayers. Little we dream of the foes he hath — Naught can we see but the crooked path. Not on man, with a cruel frown Looketh the pitying Saviour down ; But as a Father, kind and true, Sheddeth his mercies ever new. But when the morn of eternal day Driveth the darkness far away Oh, how crooked will then appear The winding paths we are making here! in Advent Review.