HUMAN PROGRESS MARTHA J. ANDERSON Wake! pulseless muse, to throbbing life again, 'Till quickened currents course through every vein, And inspiration thrills the heart, and brain, With glowing thoughts of fire. Thy voice seems mute as winter's icy streams, Thy wings lie folded in oblivious dreams; Wake! and ascend amid the glittering beams, And tune thy heavenly lyre. Touch the deep chords that thrill the inner soul. Swell the grand song that brings complete control, 'Till symphonies in rapturous waves shall roll, Uplifting hearts to heaven. Lo ! while time's lengthened shadows fall apace, The history of past and present trace, Behold, how men of every clime and race For life divine have striven ! Religion, latent in the human heart, Has of its life forever been a part; Not fashioned by the skilful hand of art, Immortal germ so fair. Like precious seed the husbandman hath sown, Who, patient waits until the harvests grown, So doth the Father all His planting own, And nurtures it with care. The good sown broadcast by His bounteous hand, From Asia's desert to Columbia's strand, Hath borne abundant fruit in every land Where cultured soil was found. The swelling song of immortality, Hath rolled from mountain, vale and restless sea ; From hearts of bondman, and from spirits free, The circling globe around. Old are the scenes that first gave life and birth To seed, that peoples now this glorious earth ; Seed, tliat contained the growth of highest worth, Grand possibilities ! In man's crude state, and undeveloped sphere, Strange thoughts of God, in stranger forms appear; The mirrored objects of His awe and fear He worshiped, but to please. God works through laws for man's eternal good; His laws are love—when rightly understood. They lead from idol forms of stone and wood, To worship that is real. Up through- progressive steps in every age, Earth's perfect seed produced the seer and sage; A war with cherished sins of times to wage And teach truth's high ideal. The opening mind by slow degrees is taught, By forms objective to its senses brought; And thus expands in loftier realms of thought, By education's rule. Experience gathered in the ages vast Is through the mold of human progress passed, And nobler types of manhood are recast, As teachers in life's school. ¦ Thus darkened blots of superstition's blight, The reign of ignorance and error's night, Will by the glory of fair reason's light Pass like a funeral pail. And poor religion struggling for its life, Shall rise above dissension, feud and strife, With blessed fruits of summer harvest rife, Dispensing good to all. 0, prophet martyrs ! ye who lived of yore, And gleamed as signals on time's rocky shore, While tempest, storm and surge, ye bravely bore, Your light shone not in vain. The truth has sped its way through currents strong, By rocks and quicksands of opposing wrong; And still pursues its glorious course along, With sure and steady gain. Material science to its place assigned. Philosophy, the intellective sphere of mind, With intuition's inner sense combined Shall cease to be at strife ; These are to man the body, spirit, soul, Which form in truth, the grand and perfect whol e, The balance force, that holds in full control The varied powers of life. And man by man in labor shall be blessed, No man by title deeds of hate oppressed, But all his wrongs by love shall be redressed, In true equality, 78 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. For freedom rises in her sacred might, To break earth's shackles, and proclaim the right, To rend the veil that screens the glorious light Of heaven-born liberty. Lo ! words of peace are passed from shore to shore, Beneath old ocean's waves and billows roar, Hushed be discordant sounds forevermore, When nation's counsels meet. And as the years of swift revolving time, Bring to our land the gifts of ewery clime, May all mankind blend in the hallowed chime, Of brotherhood complete. Mt. Lebanon.