PHYSICAL RESURRECTION W. PERKINS It is widely known that Judge Comegys and his grand jury in Delaware, propose to indict and punish as a criminal, R. G. Ingersoll, should he ever again lecture in the State. Their fear is that persons may be led to doubt the orthodox dogmas of that Book. Some years ago it was forbidden by a woman in Iowa to tell her daughters that our earth was round, since the scriptures said it had four corners (Rev. 7, 1). So soon as her daughters took up their geographies and gave heed to the evidence of stubborn facts, they would inevitably believe in the spherical form of the earth, and disbelieve their mother's Bible. This is but a type of a class numbering thousands who understand and administer the Bible against facts and the rights of man, honest infidels result. Comstock &amp; Co. have made more infidels by putting D. M. Bennett to prison for thirteen months, than he could have made in double that time with his pen and tongue. Judge Comegys has done likewise in Delaware as to Ingersoll, and he significantly thanks him for it. Honest, truth-loving men cannot follow orthodox absurdities. Hence the Bible must be reasonably interpreted in conformity with facts and science, or common sense will disbelieve it. This universal principle applies forcibly to the dogma of bodily resurrection. If the scriptures literally assert this, stubborn facts literally assert the contrary. Even were it possible for the bodies of the countless billions of our earth to lie waiting for Gabriel's horn, in a state of preservation like Egyptian mummies, it were an absurd miracle to re-spiritualize them. More than half gave up the ghost, emaciated to skin and bones, or maimed, halt, blind, deaf, dumb, rickety and bodily deformed. Are these to live again, as they died ? Such is material, identical resurrection. Moreover, where hi the long meantime have been their spirits ? Have the good been in the bliss of heaven, and the bad roasting in the orthodox hell ? If so, where is the reason or scripture for ejecting them. Don Quix. oting them back to their miserable bodies on earth and under command of Gabriel's horn, to be retransported whence they came ! Yet still more absurd in the face of the fact, that there can be found no such bodies to resurrect. For the greater part have for centuries disintegrated into countless forms of vegetable and animal bodies. Their elements have, in a train of almost endless succession, gone into weeds, grass, grains, bugs, worms and every species of animals. Were it therefore possible for the bodies, yet in form of dry bones to reanimate and walk through the streets of Jerusalem at the Crucifixion of Christ, it is utterly impossible, now or hereafter, to find even the dust of one out of the billions of bodies once living and dying oh our earth. 76 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. To preach that they are in esse waiting' for Gabriel's horn, is to assert startling falsehoods, occasioning1 wide-spread infidelity. Is not the Shaker interpretation of spiritual resurrection into a new and higher life, the more reasonable and true ? South Union, Ky.