Book Table The enterprising publishers, I. K. Funk &amp; Co., 10 and 12 Dey street, New York, quite outdo our power or space to do full justice. Volume after volume of the most healthy literature issues almost daily from this house. Among the most recent publications are The Preacher's Cabinet, containing 335 verbal illustrations of almost as many topics. It is a multum in parvo, and will be carried in the pockets of many, who cannot better spare 20 cents than purchase an immense encyclopedia. Also, Culture and Religion — an excellent work, clearly showing that there is no antagonism, but a genuine relationship, between them. Price, 15 cents. Also, by the same, Standard Hymns, with historical notes of their authors. A pretty little work. Price, 6 cents THE ILLUSTRATED SCIENTIFIC NEWS One of the handsomest of publications is the Illustrated Scientific News, published by Munn &amp; Co., New York. Every number contains thirty-two pages, full of engravings of novelties in science and the useful arts. Ornamental wood-work, pottery, vases and objects of modern and ancient art are finely shown. The March number contains, among various other subjects illustrated, a full description of the manufacture of paper hangings, with engravings; how the deceptive curve is produced in casting the ball by the baseball pitcher, his attitude, how he holds and handles the ball, all fully illustrated. The number before us also contains engravings of Captain Eads' proposed ship railway across the isthmus, and a novel hydraulic railway locomotive. In addition to all this, it contains many valuable recipes for artisans and housekeepers. THE REVISED NEW TESTAMENT Shall we have a Cheap Official Edition? —• The Help of our Readers asked to secure it. It is believed that the English Oxford Press (the official publishers) would be willing to issue a cheap popular edition of the THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. New Testament, provided they can be convinced that the demand for such an edition in this country is great enough to warrant it. To test the extent of this demand our readers are requested to send at once to I. K. Funk &amp; Co., 10 and 12 Dey street, New York, their names, stating how many copies they are willing to take for themselves and friends, provided the price per copy be not more than 25 cents, postage free. These would be the official copies, printed in Oxford, England, from the original plates, and would be delivered in America simultaneously with the high-priced edition.