Boston, Mass., March 20, 1881 S. N. Boston, Mass., March 20, 1881. Elder Perkins : Dear Sir.— Assured that it would not be considered unwarrantable presumption to address you, I do so, and feel honored in being permitted to enjoy the privilege of interchanging thoughts and sentiments with one whose life for half a century has been so strictly in conformity with that life of selfsacrifice which the Master enjoined upon all those who would be his disciples. Your worship and home lives impress me deeply ; the atmosphere of which has a restful influence and the repose and severity of your lives seem enviable. I cannot express how tenderly such lives, so quiet and unsophisticated, appeal to a heart thoroughly satiated with the frivolities and hollow pretensions of friendship, which are the inevitable accompaniments of a society life, in which my position compelled me in some degree to mingle, though always with reluctance. In my acquaintance with your people, I now feel that I have come into a higher, a purer atmosphere, and that ' old things have passed away and all things have become new.' Living as I have in the vortex of society, subject to constant fluctuations, my naturally quick susceptibilties were being constantly wounded by attrition with coarser uncongenial natures ; and ^1 do not think a day passed so happily that I could have desired to have the next its counterpart. It is different now ; your acquaintance, your letters have to me become perpetual soul feasts, and each morning brings the certainty that this day will be more abundantly blest. Purity of life I am seeking. It is my highest conception of godliness. The greater the purity of soul, the fitter its abode for the indwelling Deitjr ; and if to attain to that purity we must walk through the fiery furnace of affliction, our reward will be commensurate with our sufferings. With Ann Lee, of blessed memory, I believe ' tribulation brings our souls near to God.' We must tread the wine-press with bleeding feet, even as he did whom we love to call our elder brother. If we suffer with him, we shall reign with him ; if we bear our cross here, there is laid up for us a crown hereafter. The position of many Christian teachers burdens me. They stain their robes by assuming connubial obligations, and thereby fail to follow their Lord, who was without spot or blemish. I do not understand you to be creed-bound. Your liberal sentiments, your recognition of Christian principles wTherever found, is one of the cords that attracts me and binds me to your people. In this we are united by that illimitable love that knows no creed. Although my standing may be outside your fold, I crave admission into your hearts ; I have that degree of confidence in your honest lives ; I ask that I may have its benefits of your counsel and ripened wisdom ; nor would I have you feel misgivings in presenting your ideas, fearing they may collide with favorite opinions of mine. If truths wound because of false hope 1 may have hugged, let them wound, and let those wounds be probed that they may be the sooner healed. With regard to the strong ties of friendship for you as a religious body, too high an estimate cannot be placed of their value to me. O ! that I may have not only faith, but that I may be able to act in accordance with that faith which is germinating in my soul ; and as I comprehend it, I realize that it does 84 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. not teach that 1 can enter the gates of the city, only as you have been blest to find an entrance. 0 ! how precious the oneness of sentiment existing between us, and comforting the realization of the sympathetic chord which vibrates in unison with our emoti nal natures ! Yet you seem so far above, and beyond me in spiritual attainments, I can never dare expect to reach your altitude, but shall be most thankful to sit at your feet and receive nourishment from minds richly blest with gifts of the Divine, I mean no flattery, nor would I be so understood. 1 am now drawing toward the setting sun ; the greater part of my life is behind me ; and what of life remains for me, I wish to improve, that I may secure an 1 hold that which will unite my spirit with the just made perfect, that which will give the friendship of your body, that which has opened to me * fountain most, alleviating to the distress of a burdened soul, that which refreshes me with a balm most restful and enables my spirit to take on wings that carry me heavenward, and thus ally me to the Infinite. May I be permitted to continue the friendship so happily formed, a friendship which I would for no consideration be willing to lose. Yours with sentiments of high regards.