THE DAIRY, KINDNESS AS A PREEMINENCE G. B. AVERY On the 26th of December, 1880, we visited one of our Shaker families in New Lebanon. In the course of conversation we questioned the leader of the family rel ative to the condition of the dairy, the herd of cows, etc., was informed of a very great improvement in the condition of the cows, and the remarkable increase in amount of milk from the herd which had been received during the short space of about two weeks. We inquired for the cause of the same. Had not the cows in milk been increased in numbers? Not any! Had there not been a change of feed, some roots or grain, bran, or shorts been dealt out to them? None at all ! Did they not have better hay, and were they not treated to warmed water, and warmer stabling? No change had been made in any of these things. What, then, could be the cause of so marked a change, such an increase of milk, being about one-half ? Well, the only assignable cause that could be rendered was more kindly care in management in handling, milking, feeding, and universal treatment, by a change of herdsmen. The secret was thus revealed. Cows in milk give milk, if plentifully and properly fed, largely in accordance with the flow of their affections ; this is nature's wise provision. If roughly handled so as to produce constant fear, excitement and irritation they hold up their milk as a result; and holding it up a few days in succession, the milk is reabsorbed into the system, and the cow gradually dries oft, and, if long continued, is liable to remain so until a change of feed, of treatment, or some important beneficial change of conditi@ns. If kindly, tenderly and affectionately treated, they yield their milk freely and fully, and, under the same circumstances of food, temperature, etc., greatly increase it : add to this, a little improvement in feed, for instance, some steamed hay, stalks, etc., sprinkled before steaming with say, one quart of corn meal, ©r two quarts of shorts, or, in place of this, a peck of roots, as beets, turnips at a feeding, or half that amount of carrots or parsnips, and their milk would be more than doubled, especially, if, added to this care they are warmly stabled, and, in cold weather their water a little warmed, even this, itself, would benefit them much. For years, before this interview we had been cognizant of the fact that kindness was essential in the management of cows in order to have a good dairy, but never before had we a conception of the immensity of effect that kindness would produce. Why, according to statistics presented us this day, the difference in amount of milk rendered between kindness gentleness and tenderness, and rough boisterous behavior manifested to a herd of fifteen cows, would be sufficient to pay the wages of a herdsman. Thus wondrously are the laws of God manifest in the lower orders of creation. What, then, is the magnitude of influence of kindness and tenderness in the human family. And how intensely powerful is sympathetic affinity between souls in the mortal casement and those liberated from its cumbersome shroud inhabiting the immortal spheres. Let us be Kind. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.