CHRISTIAN ESSENTIALS It is by the ' line upon line, and precept upon precept ' now, just as ever in the past, that truths are enunciated over and over again. There is no truth now, but agrees with all the real truths of the past. Supposed truths of the past—-many of them— are to-day proven to be errors then, even as they are errors now. The saying that ' there is nothing new under the sun,' has a significance, when attached to the essentials of an effectual Christian's life. That there should have been sprung upon the people, through Jesus of Nazareth, such an immense and perfect display*of the true Christian, is and will remain the wonder of many ages. The ouly real possible reason we have for supposing that Christianity was not a sudden apparition in the man Jesus, lies in the fact, that the culmination of the laws of Moses—the highest and most perfect embodiment in any one's life—would introduce a higher plane; a better model than Moses; a superior life than the school of Judaism had ever dreamed of producing. If ' Moses was a schoolmaster to bring souls to Christ,' then we can easily see the perfection of the graduate of that school, beginning in the essential elements of Christ's superior life, although of apparently opposite teachings. In Moses's early teachings we find the people restricted from miscellaneous reproductions, to a crude, but orderly arrangement of the same. The same rule applied in the retaliation of injuries — one life for one liie, etc.— and so on in the entire scale of Jewish 86 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. human life economy. If the student of ecclesiastical history will, while wondering at these unchristian regulations, read back to previous history, he will easily perceive how great were these, as improvements, upon the worse than heathen practices that preceded them, when there was no law to regulate either the propensities of lust nor retaliations. Arriving at the beginning of the Christian annunciation that what Moses taught was right to date; but 'Behold / give unto you new commandments' and that these, though bringing a cessation of those of Moses, are simply one grand step higher for all who are able to take the step, the simplicity of the mission of the first Christ is apparent. ' I come not to destroy laws ' of the past; but I come ' to f ultill ' the higher laws for human progress. Until humanity acknowledged the practical renunciation of Jewish practices, made by Jesus, as correct Christianity, it is far preferable that Judaism have and hold control. The selfdenials of Jesus, which are our Christian lessons, were illustrated in the renunciation of marriage ; of war and retaliations; of selfish interests and private property, and of mingling with worldly clans for worldly popularity and, applause. However right Jesus admitted these to be among the Jews —however right, we his followers in self-denials and renunciations, admit these to be among the worldly—Jesus, and those living to proclaim the testimony of the Christ to be; ' Come ye out from such practices '—not because of their wickedness as Jewish permission—but because, in comparison to the higher and better life taught by the self-denials and renunciations of the Christ, they become wickedness for Christians to practice. If the honest, earnest, devout disciple of Jesus would know in what and of what the essentials of Christianity consist, he needs not wrangle with any other sect to fully determine what these truths are. Let such draw up the simple, but wonderful contrast between the best life under Judaism and the lovely self-denying examples of Christ, and the whole truth appears. In this contrast appears the call of Christian duty— ' Follow rne !' and in the following is fully experienced those practical Christian essentials, which the children of the world are as yet unready to accept and adopt as a life practice. Let none then charge upon us, Shakers, with being innovators, not of Christ. If Shakerism permits practices which Jesus did not engage in, and deny those which He proclaimed to be the credentials demanded to possess discipleship, then let the churches and the people shake the Shakers. But if the churches are not blinded by the lusts of the people ; if the people are not beguiled into the dullness of dead creeds and unchristian churches; then let us have an awakening to the facts, that however displeasing to our selfish, sensual natures, Christ is best, even amid all the selfdenials, renunciations of the world and its unchristian permissions, the essentials of Christ are better and best. -fa