Editorial CHRISTIAN ESSENTIALS It is by the ' line upon line, and precept upon precept ' now, just as ever in the past, that truths are enunciated over and over again. There is no truth now, but agrees with all the real truths of the past. Supposed truths of the past—-many of them— are to-day proven to be errors then, even as they are errors now. The saying that ' there is nothing new under the sun,' has a significance, when attached to the essentials of an effectual Christian's life. That there should have been sprung upon the people, through Jesus of Nazareth, such an immense and perfect display*of the true Christian, is and will remain the wonder of many ages. The ouly real possible reason we have for supposing that Christianity was not a sudden apparition in the man Jesus, lies in the fact, that the culmination of the laws of Moses—the highest and most perfect embodiment in any one's life—would introduce a higher plane; a better model than Moses; a superior life than the school of Judaism had ever dreamed of producing. If ' Moses was a schoolmaster to bring souls to Christ,' then we can easily see the perfection of the graduate of that school, beginning in the essential elements of Christ's superior life, although of apparently opposite teachings. In Moses's early teachings we find the people restricted from miscellaneous reproductions, to a crude, but orderly arrangement of the same. The same rule applied in the retaliation of injuries — one life for one liie, etc.— and so on in the entire scale of Jewish 86 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. human life economy. If the student of ecclesiastical history will, while wondering at these unchristian regulations, read back to previous history, he will easily perceive how great were these, as improvements, upon the worse than heathen practices that preceded them, when there was no law to regulate either the propensities of lust nor retaliations. Arriving at the beginning of the Christian annunciation that what Moses taught was right to date; but 'Behold / give unto you new commandments' and that these, though bringing a cessation of those of Moses, are simply one grand step higher for all who are able to take the step, the simplicity of the mission of the first Christ is apparent. ' I come not to destroy laws ' of the past; but I come ' to f ultill ' the higher laws for human progress. Until humanity acknowledged the practical renunciation of Jewish practices, made by Jesus, as correct Christianity, it is far preferable that Judaism have and hold control. The selfdenials of Jesus, which are our Christian lessons, were illustrated in the renunciation of marriage ; of war and retaliations; of selfish interests and private property, and of mingling with worldly clans for worldly popularity and, applause. However right Jesus admitted these to be among the Jews —however right, we his followers in self-denials and renunciations, admit these to be among the worldly—Jesus, and those living to proclaim the testimony of the Christ to be; ' Come ye out from such practices '—not because of their wickedness as Jewish permission—but because, in comparison to the higher and better life taught by the self-denials and renunciations of the Christ, they become wickedness for Christians to practice. If the honest, earnest, devout disciple of Jesus would know in what and of what the essentials of Christianity consist, he needs not wrangle with any other sect to fully determine what these truths are. Let such draw up the simple, but wonderful contrast between the best life under Judaism and the lovely self-denying examples of Christ, and the whole truth appears. In this contrast appears the call of Christian duty— ' Follow rne !' and in the following is fully experienced those practical Christian essentials, which the children of the world are as yet unready to accept and adopt as a life practice. Let none then charge upon us, Shakers, with being innovators, not of Christ. If Shakerism permits practices which Jesus did not engage in, and deny those which He proclaimed to be the credentials demanded to possess discipleship, then let the churches and the people shake the Shakers. But if the churches are not blinded by the lusts of the people ; if the people are not beguiled into the dullness of dead creeds and unchristian churches; then let us have an awakening to the facts, that however displeasing to our selfish, sensual natures, Christ is best, even amid all the selfdenials, renunciations of the world and its unchristian permissions, the essentials of Christ are better and best. -fa Can Shakers Respect Infidels ? EDITORIAL NOTES. It has been wondered at by many, why a people so deeply imbued with a THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 87 love of Christianity, that rigid selfdenials without stint are practiced by them, as a necessity, to bring them into a conformity with Christianity, could have any respect for the so-called scoffing infidel. But we can see good reasons for a large admiration amid all their jeering at creedal formalities. These do not profess Christianity as their creed, and therefore do not practice it. Professedly Christian churches hold as their head and Lord, Jesus, the Christ, while in the lives of their communicants, they differ not at all from the professed infidels. Christianity is a life, not merely a creed. As a creed only, unaccompanied by the life of Christ, it is a sorry and ridiculous farce. Infidels, from Paine to Ingersoll have never ridiculed honesty, integrity, nor sincerity in the practice of virtue, but they have and do ridicule the want of practice among church people of what they profess. They ask with good reason, why call yourselves Christians, and Jesus your Master, yet fail to obey the demands of your faith and Captain? Such contrasts as exist between the practices of nearly all professedly Christian churches, and those of the Christian Master, that no one can blame any for shaming and shunning such churches. It is singular that Ingersoll never has ridiculed the Shakers. And yet it is not so singular after all. Professing Christ as a life pattern, the Shakers can only be consistent, by trying as accurately as possible, to follow in the footsteps of the Master's life-practice. Prom a failure to do just this, professing, but unpracticing Christians give infidels all desirable opportunity to ridicule, if such is desired. They will not believe Christians, so-called, love Jesus, unless they will live like Him. They will not admit they believe in His doctrines of renunciations.and self-denials unless they will enter upon them as a practice. There are very few testimonies, which are put forth against the undutifulness of Christian communicants, ourselves included, that come home with more force, reason, and in which the point so well taken, as from these so-called infidels. If we are better than they are by profession, let us show it in our practice; by more exoellent charities for one another; by a purer life than theirs; by a nearer semblance, in our lives, to the model we have accepted as our great exampier. Infidels, from Voltaire to Bennett, have had more respect for the Shakers, than have as many of the brightest lights of the popular churches, and the reason is plain— that the Shakers are trying to practice in particular, what Christ both preached and practiced. The popular churches have ever ridiculed the Shakers ; while they have ever been very distant admirers of the Christ, who lived very much as do the Shakers, and so very different from the popular churches and their creeds. For the reason that the Shakers, in believing in radical Christianity, and practicing it as they do, the javelins of infidels have broken at their feet. The ridicule of the churches has been more than harmless to those, who professing, have the nearest practiced Christ. We claim that the popular churches make a sorry figure at genuine, Christian imitation ; that they render themselves as very open to the reasonable attacks of ridicule and reprehension of honest THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. men and women ; that they encourage infidelity by making of Christianity an impossible creed, impossible to believe in reason, and by the want of a love and fellowship for neighbors taught by the acknowledged Christ. So long then, as Paine or others honestly differed from the models of Christ's life, yet whose ' religion is to do good to our fellow-men ; ' so long as Ingersoll shall love, admire and practice the ' Golden Rule'and ' Sermon on the Mount,' we are not only forced, but can ardently respect them, even more than we can those who cry, ' Lord, Lord,' but do not the things which I say—live not the life which Christ did. Is Christianity a Questionable Assertion ? We wish it distinctly understood that we do not enter Shakerism upon the attention of the people as an aggression of their rights to think and live other than it inculcates; but we simply hold it up as radical, unperverted 'Christianity, which every one has the right to choose or refuse. We claim Celibacy as most Christian; We claim iMarriage as not Christian. We assert Community of Interests to be the bounden duty of all professing Christianity ; that they fare and share alike. We hold the opposite personal, private interest to be unchristian- We hold Peace, and nonresistance, and charity to be very Christian, while their opposites cannot be so. We hold abstinence from sensual pleasures; temperance, in all that Christ was temperate ; and freedom from worldly ambitions to be very Christian, while their opposites never were nor can be. Is it a question in any one's mind which are the Christian features in the above assertions ? Is it questionable how any Christian should live ?