LET US REASON TOGETHER ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE It is written, that in the long ago, the Lord, by His prophet Isaiah, said to the people, ' Come now and let us reason together.' And the ministry of the Apostle Paul was marked by his habitude of reasoning with the people of his time. Jesus, the first baptized Jew and expounder of the Christian religion, spake more in parables to the unbelieving, and by intuition and inspiration, to his followers, and to those who were prepared to understand him. At one time when speaking to certain of his disciples concerning the order of his spiritual kingdom, of its faith and principles, he gave them to understand that there would be no limit to its growth and increase, and no diminution of power when he had finished the work that was given him to do, and he had passed from their visible presence into interior spheres. And while he gave pledges that he would be with them in spirit to assist them in their ministrations after his departure, and that they should be blest with still greater spiritual power than himself had possessed while in mortal form, he also laid them under great responsibilities concerning the use they should make of delegated powers conferred upon them as leaders and directors, and in regard to the faithful performance of duties which would bring them to occupy the position of servants as well as rulers. The greatest must also be least in the kingdom that he came to inaugurate, which would embody the substance of all the hopes and predictions of God's true prophets.through past shadowy dispensations. Law and order are a necessity in all of God's creation; without such law, all would be chaos. It is evident to our senses, that the Creator of the Universe had a design — a perfect plan — that He purposed to carry to its ultimate in the fulfillment of times and seasons. How many ages it will take for the growth, development and ripening process, before that purpose be effected, the rolling cycles of time and events must determine. If we would reason with God — according to our limited capacity — we must begin at the substratum; and rise upward from the base. The lower forms of mineral substances have their place and uses, as do also all kinds of vegetable and animal life. Each, and all were designed to subserve the higher purposes of man and woman, under guidance and direction of superior intelligence and reasoning powers — a God-given endowment, placed upon man as a distinguishing mark between the higher and lower orders of animal existences — to be used and not abused, nor be misplaced by converting them into gods, and worshiping them as such. We reason that man is a duplex being in his nature and in his desires and attainments. It is requisite while we are in a rudimental state of existence ; and are dependent upon the material products of the earth for subsistence, that we enter into rapport, and form a union with material substances, and seek to discover and develop the hidden sources of supplies which have been held in 80 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. reserve for ages, by a wise and beneficent father and mother, for the benefit of their children ; and in so doing, if we would cooperate with the divine will respecting us — we should be very careful to maintain moral integrity, and learn to commune with God's creation, as revealed in the exterior, visible world of matter, and strive lawfully and earnestly through that medium, to compre hend something of the interior world toward which we are all journeying of which it is said by many who claim to be spiritually illumined that the visible world is but a reflex. What benefit might accrue to each and all, if, while we are placed npon middle ground, and have it within our power to honor the creative power that spake all worlds of mind and matter into being, if we would maintain our rectitude ; by holding each and all in their proper sphere ; use them as needful for our own subsistence and the good of humanity. By so doing, we might hold unbroken communion with the angel world, through pure ministering spirits, who would grasp, and hold us in their loving embraces, and guide us in safety to our heavenly home, where all our needs will be supplied without the aid of malerial substances. By maintaining just and proper relations with the two worlds, we might unfold and perfect our duplex natures, the natural and spiritual, the earthly and heavenly — and better understand the significance of the ancient scripture, which is recorded as the voice of ' Wisdom ' claiming co-relation to, and affiliation with the creator ; when He formed His plans and executed His decrees concerning the hills and valleys, the sea and dry land ; that she was as one brought up with Him, was His delight and counselor. And we should learn to comprehend more fully that ' the earth is the Lord's, and the fullness thereof ; that the gold and the silver and the cattle upon a thousand hills belong to Him; and are ours in usufruct only. We can develop the godlike attributes of our being the most effectually by being in strict «ind harmonious accord with the well-devised and executed laws, placed to guide intelligent manhood from rudimental, earthly conditions to higher destinies in the great beyond. Thus we shall be able to see God in the tiny leaf, in the unfolding fragrant flower in the towering oak ; also in the little streamlet which courses its way through meadows and valleys onward to mingle with the waters of the great ocean ; and in all we shall recognize the impress of the Divine originator and dispenser of blessings for humanity's weal. ' God is not slack concerning his promises, as some men count slackness ;' neither is He angry or impatient, because the race makes slow progress. He awaits the growth and advancement of sentient beings and the fulfillment of times and seasons ; knowing that in the sequel, justice will prevail: Tiiuth will be victorious. His work will be accomplished, and wisdom will be justified of her children !