AN OPEN LETTER Giles B. Avery To the Board of Directors and Officers of the Federation of Reformers in the spheres of Governmental Polity ; Social Organization ; Priestly Thraldom; Theological Cant; Sectarian Bigotry ; Religious Pedantry ; and Female Disfranchisement, which met in Brussels, Belgium. Friends of Truth — Permit us to present to you through the kindness of the editor of a noted American periodical, the facts that there are seventeen societies of religionists and radical reformers in the United States, of North America, embracing, in all about fifty-three families, or communities varying from twenty to one hundred and twenty, or more persons in a family or commune, each holding all its real and personal property in common, as a substance consecrated to the service of God, the development, reform and protection of human society in the freedom of conscience ; republican government; female suffrage and equality ; universal abandonment of international wars and bloodshed ; peaceful settlement of national difficulties by arbitration through a congress of nations; ransom from all kinds of human slavery recognizing the right of property in a fellow human being; banishing popery and all priestly aristocracy; demanding the positive and eternal separation of Church and state. Recognizing no religion in mere sectarian theology. Denying that the Christian bible is the word of God, but claiming that portions of it are a more or less faithful record of that word! And of Heaven inspired truths recognized by the enlightened and inspired sages of the ages, and received 82 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. by Jesus Christ and His faithful followers, as the vicegerents of God. Sons and daugh ters of God, to reveal a new phase of human evolution for humanity into a spiritual and heavenly New Creation of God. A Christian dispensation. A character of Christianity. With the Jews we deny the generative divinity of Jesus, except in the capacity of sonship, and understand this relation to the Father to have been the fruit of a new and spiritual birth by baptism of the Holy (ihost and obedience to its behests ; and, in this capacity he became the 'Elder Brother,' as St. Paul expresses it, of a family of Christ. Younger sons and daughters of God. ' The first born of many brethren.' We believe in God as a bisexual duality of creative power, wisdom and love, the human equality as regards a natural right to the earth and its fruits as a means of support and equality of burden bearing for human weal and protection of life and liberty and the God-given inheritance of liberty of conscience. We believe in a present as well as a past, and continuous revelation of spiritual and scientific truth to the human family ; in a future state of the soul's existence ; in the extension of probation to the spirit life ; that the election to heaven or happiness is the performance of deeds of goodness, righteousness, love and mercy; that reprobation is equally and only the fruits of unrightness — the result of violated laws. We believe in monogamic marriage as a worldly institution to be used as an adjunct of sexual organism, simply and exclusively for the propagation of the species and the maintenance of those fraternal and paternal affections necessary for the family relation in the order of nature, but do not recognize it as a Christian institution. We protest against marital slavery and bondage in cases of sexual abuse and incongenialities of physical, social, psychical, religious or secular temperament or developments. And we hereby present our Communal Institutions and their principles as iconoclasts upon the humanly instituted theologies and creeds of sectarians that teach vicarious atonement, an angry God ; justification by faith without accompanying good works. Accepting the life, character, examples, and precepts of Jesus Christ as our life guide and preceptor; and believing that a new baptism of the Christ spirit, may, should, did and does as really descend upon the female sex of humanity as it did upon Jesus, we accept the advent of this baptism now at hand, as manifest by the fruits of Christianity, and in no other way. We discard the idea of a physical resurrection of Christ and understand that resurrection to be of the soul, from a death, the fruit of sin against God's laws, to a life, the fruits of obedience thereunto. We believe that all the claims we justly have to earthly substance is in usufruct only, and that we, and our services of life belong to God in the evolution of human character and conditions until Heaven is inaugurated upon earth, and love is ruling power in governments, bearing upon her dove-like wings of peace, the ensign love, righteousness, charity, mercy, goodness and truth, and peace and good will to all mankind. Our prayer to the powers that rule in the government of nations, ministered through human intelligences as agents for the execution of God's laws are, may Heaven inspire their soul's power, their minds with wisdom to institute such reforms as may contribute to make earth an Eden, the vestibule of Heaven. Your Friend for Truth, , In behalf of the Shaker Communities of North America. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.