The Children's Grotto Children's music THE CHILDREN'S MUSIC. We asked were the music came from That made her so wondrous fair, As she stood with the sunlight touching Her gloss of golden hair, And her blue eyes looked toward heaven As though they could see God there. ' Hush,' said the child, ' can't you hear it, The music that's everywhere ? ' God help us ! we could not hear it, Are hearts were heavy with pain, We heard men toiling and wrangling ; We heard the whole world complain ; And the sound of a mocking laughter We heard again and again, But we had lost all faith in the music ; We had listend so long in vain. 'Can't you hear it?' the young child whispered, And sadly we answered ' No.' We might have fancied we heard it In the days of long ago ; But the music is all a delusion, Our reason has told us so; And you will forget that you heard it When you knew the sound of woe. Then one spoke out from among us Who had nothing left to fear; Who had given his life for others, And been repaid with a sneer. And his face was lit with a glory, And his voice was calm and clear And he said, ' I can hear the music Which the little children hear.' Good Words SOWING AND REAPING I saw the farmer toil On rough and rugged soil ; From early morn 'till night, He worked with mind and might. ¦• The year rolled on ; and then I viewed his lands again, 1 found the ground well-tilled, His spacious barns well filled. His was a rich revvai'd; And yet I know, dear Lord, He must have toiled in vain, Without Thy sun and rain. I thought of other soil On which Thy children toil, To root out weeds of sin, And plant Thy grace within. There is a little spot There Thou hast cast my lot; Thou hast consigned to me Young hearts from sorrow free. I've sought by toil and prayer To reap a harvest there; When will that precious field, A plenteous harvest yield ? I've tried to sow Thy truth Through many years of youth; I've marked the tender shoot And hoped for early fruit. But human hearts, we find,' Like mother-earth inclined To nourish thorns and weeds Instead of precious seeds. THE CAMEL AND THE MILLER This, it seems, is an Arab fable. Read it, and see if you can tell what it means. Once upon a time a miller, shortly after he had lain down for an afternoon's nap, was startled by a camel's nose being thrust in at the door of his house'It is very cold outside,' said the camel, 'I only wish to get my nose in.' The mil THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 113 ler was an easy kind of man, so the nose was let in. 'The wind is very sharp,' sighed the camel, 'pray allow me to get my neck inside,' This request was also allowed, and the neck was thrust in. 'How fast the rain begins to fall. I shall get wet throngh. Will you let me place my shoulders under cover ? ' This, too, was granted; and so the camel asked for a little, and a little more, until he had pushed his whole body inside the house. The miller soon began to be put to much trouble by the rude companion he had got in his room, which was not large enough for both, and, as the rain was over, civilly asked him to depart. 'If you do not like it, you may leave,' saucily replied the beast. 'As for myself, I know when I am well off, and shall stay where I am.' This may show the meanness of unthankfulness, and the folly of giving up too much to bad folks. And the camel may also represent habit. A bad habit almost always begins with a little pleasant indulgence, then more and more, until at last the habit is master. Keep the camel's nose out. Stop your bad habits in the very beginning. Then you can fill the place God has given you in the world. NEVER KILLED A BIRD 'Thanks that I can say that I have never killed a bird. I would not crush the meanest insect that crawls upon the ground. They have the same right to life that I have ; they received it from the same Father, and I will not mar the works of God by wanton cruelty. 'I can remember an incident in my childhood which has given a turn to my whole life and character. I found a nest of birds in my father's field, which held four young ones. They had no down when I first discovered them. They opened their little mouths as if they were hungry, and I gave them some crumbs which were innrv pocket. Every day I returned to feed them. As soon as school was done, I would run home for some bread, and sit by the nest to see them eat, for an hour at a time. They were now feathered and almost ready to fly. When I came one morning I found them all cut up into quarters. The grass round the nest was red with blood. Their little limbs were raw and bloody. The mother was on a tree,and the father on the wall, mourning for their young. I cried myself, for I was a child, I thought, too, that the parents looked on me as the author of their miseries, and this made me still more unhappy. I wanted to undeceive them, I wanted to sympathize with and comfort them. When Heft the field they followed me with their eyes and with mournful reproaches. I was too young and too sincere in my grief to make any apostrophies. But I can never forget my feelings. The impression will never be worn away, nor can I ever cease to abhor every species of inhumanity toward inferior animals.'— Memoirs of Ghanning. And Cowper beautifully chimes in here : '' Let us love mercy, And teach our sons to love it, too ; Remembering, that he who shows none, Being ripe in years, and conscious Of the outrage he commits, Shall seek it, and not find it In his turn.' And again ; ' Mei'cy to him who shows it, Is the rule and righteous limitation Of its act, by which heaven moves In pardoning guilty man !'