UNSATISFIED NEEDS AND CRAVINGS CHARLOTTE BIRDSALL The unjust system of society has produced caste and class, depriving many of the rights and needs of life, and bestowing upon others more than their equal share. The laboring, producing classes are the most depressed by those conditions, and are rendered unable to obtain the physical necessities of life sufficient to give them strength to perform their daily task, and are forced by circumstances which they cannot change to plod on their weary way year after year with a scanty pittance of food and clothing, barely enough to sustain life, sometimes striving to accept with reconciliation what seems inevitable, and at other times despairing and despising their lot, and even cursing their existence. Painful are the tales of human suffering caused by poverty and unmet needs, which engender disease, and produce premature death. They touch the cords of the heart that can feel and awaken sympathy, and call forth compassion. From children we hear the sad story, ' Oh, we were so poor! Mother had to sell her shawl to buy a loaf of bread. Father had to pawn his coat to get some supper for us !' And parents are heard to say : ' We were obliged to work nearly all night to support our family, and but little time to rest.' Others have so much of material wealth that they live without labor and luxuriously spend time and money. But we rind that human beings, as at present, are a curious compound, made up, in a large degree, of- inconsistencies. Some of the poorer classes, such as above referred to, are so accustomed to a certain routine in life that it is difficult to change their condition in society with profit to them, or satisfaction to those who would seek to benefit them. Uneducated, and unused to mingling in social relations with others on a higher plane of life, they do not know how to appreciate blessings that may be offered to them. If we undertake to introduce them to community life, where all toil together for the benefit of each and all, and in common, share the fruits of that consecrated labor, many soon forget their former condition of servitude and want, and show a lack of appreciation by complaining. They become so refined in their appetites and cravings^ that they are not satisfied with common food and clothing ; and they look with jealous eyes, and murmur if they are not soon made equal with those who have consecrated all their powers, for many years, to lay a foundation, and build the home which they are invited to enjoy without money or price. Such are quite ready to say .- ' Oh, I thought Shakers were just, and believed in equality!' Thus many times our efforts to do good prove ineffectual. We cannot censure individuals alone for this condition of things. Society has fostered the worm that gnaws at the vitals, and destroys the life-germ, and lowered the standard of justice, and generated imperfect ideas, which produce their legitimate fruit. It is easier to depict the ills of humanity, than to remedy them, we frankly acknowledge. Indeed we fail to see a remedy except through Divine agency. We need an outpouring of the Holy Spirit that will take effect upon all classes, the rich and the poor, to convict them of sin, of righteousness and of judgment, a rekindling of pentecostal fires that will cleanse souls from sin and burn up the lusts of the flesh and mind, and create a new and [fill the hearts of the 102 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. children of men with longing for spiritual food and clothing ; the real instead of so much of the artificial. Now, as in times past, just in proportion as we place our affections upon earthly objects, and fill the mind with those things which please the senses merely for the present, we close the door of the heart against the inflowings of the divine and heavenly, and are spiritually poor and destitute. The pages of the past bear record, that whenever those who were called and chosen to bear witness for God began to descend earthward, instead of looking upward and trusting in Him for aid, they lost their power and became as fallen stars. Let Zion unite as one in the prayer of faith and ask for living bread to supply the soul's needs.