The Children's Grotto Children's music THE CHILDREN'S MUSIC. We asked were the music came from That made her so wondrous fair, As she stood with the sunlight touching Her gloss of golden hair, And her blue eyes looked toward heaven As though they could see God there. ' Hush,' said the child, ' can't you hear it, The music that's everywhere ? ' God help us ! we could not hear it, Are hearts were heavy with pain, We heard men toiling and wrangling ; We heard the whole world complain ; And the sound of a mocking laughter We heard again and again, But we had lost all faith in the music ; We had listend so long in vain. 'Can't you hear it?' the young child whispered, And sadly we answered ' No.' We might have fancied we heard it In the days of long ago ; But the music is all a delusion, Our reason has told us so; And you will forget that you heard it When you knew the sound of woe. Then one spoke out from among us Who had nothing left to fear; Who had given his life for others, And been repaid with a sneer. And his face was lit with a glory, And his voice was calm and clear And he said, ' I can hear the music Which the little children hear.' Good Words SOWING AND REAPING I saw the farmer toil On rough and rugged soil ; From early morn 'till night, He worked with mind and might. ¦• The year rolled on ; and then I viewed his lands again, 1 found the ground well-tilled, His spacious barns well filled. His was a rich revvai'd; And yet I know, dear Lord, He must have toiled in vain, Without Thy sun and rain. I thought of other soil On which Thy children toil, To root out weeds of sin, And plant Thy grace within. There is a little spot There Thou hast cast my lot; Thou hast consigned to me Young hearts from sorrow free. I've sought by toil and prayer To reap a harvest there; When will that precious field, A plenteous harvest yield ? I've tried to sow Thy truth Through many years of youth; I've marked the tender shoot And hoped for early fruit. But human hearts, we find,' Like mother-earth inclined To nourish thorns and weeds Instead of precious seeds.