JESUS BETRAYED Lucy S. Bowers ''If there be a crime Of deeper dye than all the guilty train Of human vices, 'tis ingratitude.' And again, ' To thine own self be true And it must follow, as the night the day Thou canst not then be false to any one.' From what we can learn through scriptural record of the life of Jesus, and the time in which he lived, we can but sorrow at the sufferings^ he endured, and wonder at the depravity of a race which could not produce even twelve individuals who would be true to the trust, or to human liberty. It would seem that at the time of the feast of unleavened bread, Jesus endured his severest trial. Judas Iscariot was claimed as one among the number held sacred and dear, through ties of faith and holy friendship ; but being led away by his own passions, and perhaps by outside circumstances, he became darkened in his understanding, and rebelled against God and his own soul, and sought through various means to betray his spiritual guide and Master. He was tempted, as were many others, and sold himself for money. We conclude it was somewhere about the niiddlejof the month of March, thatJJesus and his disciples seated themselves at a table supplied with bread and water only; but 104 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. sufficient for him who had endured hunger, trial and hardship, without home, or even where to lay his head, and felt the darkness around, and the perils impending over him ; he refused to eat, but divided the substance among the guests, at the same time not only intimating his forebodings, but actually stating his impressions in these startling words. ' Behold, the hand of him who betrayeth me is upon this table ; and truly the son of man goeth as it was determined ; but woe unto that man by whom he is betrayed.' We can hardly imagine the condition of Judas' mind when those words were uttered; but vice is always added to vice ; and here with the rest began to inquire, which of them should be guilty; they were contentious and highly agitated, whereupon Jesus exemplified his Christian character, and calmly remonstrated with them. He sympathized especially with Simon, and predicted Peter's denial of Him, of which Peter was perhaps himself at that time unconscious. Soon after he and his band repaired to the Garden of Gethsemane, which was at the foot of the Mount of Olives, as was his wont. And in his awful, yet tranquil condition of mind, which quite compared with the twilight darkness of the hour, he exhorted them to pray that temptation might flee from them ! How traitorous and unworthy to bear the name of disciple were they who thus hardened their hearts, and could harbor within their breasts such inhuman and treacherous feelings! While yet upon his knees, he supplicated his Heavenly Father to let the cup pass by, at the same time acknowledging his entire submission to his fate, or what seemed to be his Father's will. He realized the presence of comforting ministering spirits around him, and his agony so operated upon his physical tissues, that it produced bloody sweat, which is said to have fallen to the ground. We know not how he became informed of his imminent danger; unless'through his clairvoyant faculty or other mediumistic gift, he was enabled to perceive the near future, or to discern through the conduct of his disciples, their gradual fall from true integrity. ' Little by little the sinner f alleth ; ' which may have been very apparent in that instance. And again, as the time advanced we are still more deeply impressed with the fearful recklessness of the carnal mind. When Jesus, amid his tribulation, so plainly manifested, paused between life and death, and observed those around him, who seemingly with consciences benumbed, and hearts devoid of human affection, were overtaken with sleep, still possessed of the same Christ-like spirit, he kindly warned them against evil temptations; while at the same time the betrayer drew near to embrace him, which, being feigned friendship, was worse than the strike of a deadly foe. He was not deceived, but perceived the meaning of the action, which was understood by those'around. It was the signal to be given when the multitude should have gathered, and it accomplished the plan. He was subsequently led away captive; and soon after Peter verified the prophecy in his false and willful denial. He seemed to have been convicted of his wroflg, and wept bitterly upon recollecting the words spoken at the table some time previous, which we must conclude he did not understand, or was blind as to its real meaning. From that time the persecution of Jesus increased, which terminated his earthly career, by his crucifixion upon the cross. We ask: Is it any wonder that Judas sought death, when he felt the stings of a guilty conscience which must have followed him night and day ? Jesus is not the only man who has suffered martyrdom for truth's sake ; but his meek and humble deportment commends itself as worthy a great leader in the spiritual work of God on earth for coming cycles of time, and also of our admiration and praise. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.