Shaker Station, Ct., April 3, 1881 Daniel Orcutt Shaker Station, Ct., April 3, 1881. My Good'Sister Edith: Once more I yield to my corresponding proclivities. To-night as I sit writing I listen to the winds singing as a requiem to a dying year. So swiftly the months have fled I can scarcely believe another year gone. Yet so it is, and all in vain we question, whither? Silently the days came, and as silently they went again. Each day brought its joys, its sorrows, its temptations and its victories. If some were darkened by errors or passions, others were bright and golden with good deeds, and angels must have sung a gladder song because of them. But whether dark or whether bright, all are gone now. I would remember the past not for idle grieving nor repining, but that I may make the present and future better. To-night, while all without is wrapped in 106 THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. silent darkness, I think of the treasures the year has taken from us. Some are gone whom we held dear, and vainly do we watch for their coming. It seems but yesterday, though it was in July, that we did the last sad work for our worthy elder, Thomas Damon. For long years he had stood in 'front of battle.' We knew he was growing old, yet so hale and hearty he seemed we had hardly realized he had reached three score years, and fain would we have kept him longer. We love to think of the life he lived here, so quiet and unostentatious, but so potent for good. If every good deed and kindly thought here formed a flower in the pathway beyond, how beautiful, how rich in sweet perfumes, must be the way along up the hill to God for all such as he. Better than earthly fame or riches, better than the high-sounding praise of men, are the treasures in heaven, and rich indeed is he who may claim such a heritage. How could we bear the heavy trial and bereavement but for the comfort, consolation and hope God has given in the past, and still so constantly gives in the present? But whoever is taken from us our duty is plain before us and must not be put aside. There is no time for murmuring. We must work while the day lasts, for the night cometh on ere we are aware, and we would not it should find us with empty hands. We must not put off until to-morrow what should be done to-day. We feel that the past year has been good to us; so we let the old go into the great silence of the past, and welcome another year with thankfulness and trust. O how swiftly our time flies! and how precious it is. God^who is most liberal in all other things, is exceedingly frugal in dispensing this, for He never gives two moments together, nor grants us a second moment till He has withdrawn the first, still keeping the third in His hand, so that we are uncertain whether we shall have it or not. Wise indeed is he who can take the little moment as it comes, and make it brighter ere 'tis gone. What need there is of constantly watching and working. It is what we do with the little moments that determine our lives; according as they are spent, usefully or selfishly, will the account stand. The sheaves we are gathering moment by moment are those we must bear home when the call comes for us. With just the graces and virtues that grow in us here must we begin life there in Heaven — nay, we may begin that life here if we will, for time and eternity are one, and the Kingdom of Heaven is within. Let me try in ery truth so to live that each to-morrow finds me farther advanced than to-day. This is true living ; this alone will bear the perfect fruits of our Father's and Mother's kingdom. I would unite in firmer faith, in all that is good, beautiful and pure, and seek anew for the sure upbuilding of the self-denying work in the year untried awaiting us. Still would I be your struggling, crossbearing brother,