EXPERIENCE AND BLESSING OF A VETERAN FATHER IN ISRAEL JOSEPH BRACKETT ELDER . Dear Bro. Albert — Ed. Manifesto : Having been deeply interested in our beautiful and instructive Periodical since the issue of the first number ten years ago, I have long felt that it was duty as well as privilege to express my thanks for your faithful and arduous labors in preparing such a rich, monthly feast for my eager soul. I more than once read through every number, soon as received, until my sight became dim, and for a few months past have depended upon kind brothers and sisters to read the soul-inspiring effusions from the able pens of devoted fellow-laborers, who, from all parts of our beautiful Zion, contribute to its columns, and from my heart breathe blessings upon every one of them, for their love of the principles of the gospel of Christ, revived by Mother Ann Lee and so clearly expressed, and for the beautiful life of her virgin followers. My soul is enwrapped in love to this pure, virgin life, and I have devotedly spent a 108 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. long life in faithful service in the house of God; and my service to Him has been in strengthening the foundations, building up and beautifying my Zion home, in being good, and doing good to others; in strengthening the weak, comforting the strong, lifting up the faltering, and trying to make the pathway of others pleasant. By these acts is my love measured to my Heavenly Parents, and to the way which leads to eternal life ; and I have found exquisite and abiding pleasure in crucifying self and selfish ambition, thus to serve the Living and true God. I may be pardoned in making a brief allusion to my past experience : In consideration of my advanced age this may be the last word I shall be permitted to address you while I remain upon the shores of time, and, Jacob-like, I want to bless the whole household of the Sons and Daughters of Zion, yea, and every soul throughout the land who loves truth and purity. My father received faith in the Second Manifestation of Christ when I was four years old, and moved with his family to Gorbam, Me., and was one of the founders of that flourishing little Society numbering between fifty and sixty souls, which in the year 1819 moved to Poland Hill to form an integral part of the Society at New Gloucester. I was born May 6, 1797, thus I was brought up and nurtured in the way of God, and at an early age wholly consecrated my soul and body, time and talents, to this most glorious work which God ever revealed. to man, of salvation and redemption from the nature and power of evil; and have lived a pure and chaste life according to the best of my understanding, from my childhood to the present day ; and my soul has tasted the good word of God, and powers of the world to come, and I daily partake of the food of angels, and drink the celestial waters of life which flow from the fountain of God. Having tested the wTork, by implicit obedience, I know whereof I affirm, that living as Jesus and Mother Ann lived and taught, is the only way for souls to find redemption from sin, and obtain an inheritance in their pure and heavenly kingdom. I now find my reward more than the hundred fold promised in this life, with the full assurance of eternal life in the near world to come, when I expect to complete my redemptions, and travel on to greater degrees of glory. I do not claim that my pathway has always been through flowery meads; like my Saviour and Mother Ann, deep tribulation has been my portion very many times. Not quite eighteen years old when placed in a responsible position in society, burdens increased as I grew in years, a portion still resting upon me; my duties brought me in contact with a great variety of dispositions; and heartfelt pleadings with the stubborn and willfully erring has wrung anguish from my soul, especially when they turned a deaf ear to all entreaties, and forfeited their holy birthright; and whatever the pretensions, no soul ever did, or ever will, separate themselves from the Society of the true followers of Christ for the purpose of living a higher, holier, and purer life than they are required, and may live in this sacred Institution. But, amid all the perils through which I have been compelled to pass, I can say, with St. Paul, that perils with false brethren has been the most cruel and hardest to bear. Feeling that my days on earth are few, I would entreat all into whose care is confided the consecrated property accumulated by the labors of innocent and confiding Brethren and Sisters, to be true to their trusts, and use it as not abusing it, remembering that sooner or later they will be called to render a just account of their stewardship. I thank God that now in my old age I am associated with a few long and well-tried friends, who have not faltered by the way ; yea, and surrounded by talented young Brethren and Sisters, who treat me with every degree of filial aff'ction, ministering every thing needful for my comfort, and I bless them every day. They are growing in strength, and already many of them are trusty burden-bearers, destined to become pillars in Society, whom I bless with every feeling of my soul, and my mantle of true devotion and entire consecration I leave to abide with them forever; and the fruits of years of consecrated labors is their just inheritance. They are all my jewels ; and I THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 109 shall never cease to watch over them for good when divested of this earthly form. Be of good cheer, the Lord has heard your prayers, and you shall yet see the bright glory of God shining round about you, with sipiritual increase, which shall gladden your spirits and cause your hearts to leap with joy. I will prophesy good to the Zion of Gfod. West Gloucester, Me., April, 1881.