IS CHRIST YOUR SAVIOUR? The question of importance to you is not, are you a Christian, but is Jesus Christ your Saviour ? These two questions may seem to aim at the same point, but they involve very different processes of mind, and therein consists the superiority of the latter over the former. Your salvation must not rest on what you are, but on what your Saviour is and does. If you look at .your self to find the ground of hope, you will never be satisfied unless you are deceived. But if you look at Jesus, you can see reason enough for hope. Jesus Christ came into the world to save sinners ; not Christians, but sinners. If you are a sinner you may be sure you are one of the very class Jesus Christ came to save. The question, Am I a Christian ? has troubled many an anxious mind for weary years; and the more the inquirer has pondered it, the less hope there seemed of its settling. But there need be no such trouble in settling the question. Is Jesus Christ my Saviour ? Whom did Jesus Christ come to save ? Are you one ©f that class? Do you want him to save you ? Is he able to do so ? Is he willing? These are the questions for you. The more you look away from yourself, and the THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 107 more you fix your gaze on Jesus, the firmer your ground of hope will be. There is a great deal of time wickedly wasted on self-examination, that might be profitably given to the contemplation of the Saviour.— 8. S. Times. Comments : We copy the above, not with any approval of its sentiments, but to correct all who have for years been led by such blinding sentiments. It makes all difference what we are personally. True, Jesus Christ came to save sinners, by teaching repentance and reformation from sin. Jesus proposes, nowhere, to save any in their sins; but to teach by example a way out of sin.where the former sinner needs sin no more. This leaving the saving work for Jesus to perform for us is a wicked and disappointing doctrine, even though it be very hoary with years. Jesus seems to say with all good reason : ' Sinner, do you want salvation ? Then look at my life ; follow in my footsteps ; and as I am saved, so you may be by the same process.' It is high time that the deleterious, lying phantom of the past, which held out that ' Jesus paid it all— All the debt I oweNothing, neither great nor small, Remains for me to do.' should be rent into nothingness. And the very sensible opposite, be learned and adopted as the truth : ' Must Jesus bear the cross alone, And all the world go free ? Nay, there's a cross for every one, And there's a cross for me '— and fully as big a cross, and fully as active a work of self-examination and discipline as were presented in Jesus.' life. Look upon Jesus' life ; and by a strict following thereof, find the salvations of Jesus; not otherwise.—Ed. Manifesto.] [Remarks on the same, by C. Dibble.] How strange it seems that men of professed enlightenment should give utterance to such shallow sentiments as above unless it be on the principle that they choose to shut the entrance to the kingdom, and neither go in themselves nor suffer others to enter. Our Saviour gave as the certain criterion of discipleship and of the hope of salvation : ' If any man will be my disciple, let him deny himself, take up his cross and follow me.' Therefore the question : ' Am I a Christian ? is the one of vital importance which should constantly exercise the mind of every Christian traveller. Upon the settlement of this rests the hope of our salvation, each one for one. And our souls can never look to Jesus with confidence, nor feel sure of eternal safety, only by becoming practical Christians. And the more we study to invent some project to be saved in our sins, the less hope will shine upon us. He is able to save us, and more than willing, if we by self-examination, prayer and true obedience to the life which he lived, become transformed into his likeness from day to day.