HARMONY OF GOD'S UNIVERSE ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE Men and women of brilliant intellect are not always the most profound in wisdom It is important that large talents be well poised, equally balanced, lest those who possess such gifts, if they perchance to rise to a high eminence, either through vain ambition or want of sound principle and fixedness of purpose, miss their aim and fall; and the higher the ascent, the greater the fall. Hence it is far better, and safer, to seek to be just, than to be reputed great, and ob'ain honor through wealth, position or fame. Knowledge, under the guidance of true wisdom, is safe, pleasant, and profitable ; and enables its possessor to avoid much of the misery that is the product of ignorance and want of discipline and self-culture. But human life, in its best cast, is unavoidably fraught with many dangers, vicissitudes, pains,disappointments,and sorrows; and they who are the most strongly allied to earthly idols feel those conditions the most keenly; and such persons are apt to think that material substances, which are the most tangible to the outward senses, are the most real; while those things accessible only to the inner soul senses are vague and unreliable. One of olden time, when he saw the iniquity, injustice and inequality existing among men, and that ' the race was not to the swift nor the battle to the strong, neither bread to the wise, nor riches to men of skill,' came to the conclusion that ' Time and chance happen unto all,' and that there was no arbiter above or beyond. Others who reason more and have brighter glimpses of an interior, far-reaching soul life, conclude that all existences in the rudimental sphere have a destiny to fill, according to an overruling Providence that shapes and guides, however we may will it. Others, again, believe that the power of choice is given to every intelligent human being, and by the power of that choice, we mark out our own pathway, and decide our own destiny. One point is quite evident: — the strongest, brightest intellect, .and largest powers of receptivity ever given to any mortal being would amount to very little without the added knowledge of personal experience and the experience of others. Thus we all find ourselves debtors to the wise and unwise. The power of choice, to a very marked degree, is given to every one; and we may learn by observation how to make a wise application of the good and virtuous examples of others, and also how to avoid the misdoings of the vicious and ignorant; and by thus doing, to a large extent, we shape our own destinies. It is true that more or less we are creatures of circumstances. Some, however, have the intuition and will force to control circumstances, and act somewhat independently of them, instead of being controlled by them. Hence it is that what are called self-made men and women are generally esteemed in society as worthy of honor and trust; and when elevated to positions in National councils, more confidence is reposed in them, as a general rule, for the reason that they have been able to guard their own honor, and maintain their personal integrity through adverse circumstances; and have evidenced strength of character, and firmness of purpose, quite beyond those who are born to a fortune and reared in the lap of luxury, and tenderly fed and nursed, without feeling the stern hand of necessity 100 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. and want laid upon them, and being disciplined thereby. How true it is that ' God never made an independent soul !' that is, absolutely independent. All through the realms of Hi vast creation we find the laws of dependence operative; and taken as a whole, productive of life, health and growth; while abstractly considered, there could be no healthy result; but disintegration and decay would speedily follow. The seas could not be navigated without the aid of canvas, steam, or other propelling force. The soil could not be tilled without some kind of utensils adapted thereto ; neither could artificers perform their work without instruments of proper shape and form. The rolling ages that are numbered with the past are all witnesses of God's excellence, His wisdom, majesty, and power, and how perfectly He has impressed His autograph even upon the smallest leaf and flower, so that the whole creation is as one musical harp, attuned to His praise and honor, and in harmonial accord with the great heart of humanity. Even the prophets and sages of the past — who struggled through dark days and long nights of bitter persecution, when ignorance and idolatry formed thick clouds which lingered in the minds of cruel oppressors, and nerved them to strike deadly blows — found solace and peace, in the dungeon and on the rock, through the voices of angels who touched the golden lyre and caused them to hear triumphal songs that lifted their spirits above mortal pains and sorrows, and made them able to render praise in the midst of devouring flames. Those days are past, although some of the shadows, like specters, still appear upon the walls of the temples in Babylon; but are powerless to act in this enlightened age of progress and liberal ideas. Would Solomon, if he were with us today, attired in his kingly robes, with all his accumulated knowledge of men and things, be heard to say that ' Time and chance happen to all alike !' If, guided by the light of science and the spiritual and divine revelation of the nineteenth century, would he not be led to the conclusion that life in this rudimental sphere is but a prelude to the life beyond, one step as it were in the grand scale of Being ? And that although justice and judgment are not speedily executed, according to our perceptions, still in the coming future all things will be weighed and measured according to merit or demerit ? Science, whose home is in the brain, when alone, is cold, and tends to criticism ; but when consociated with true religion of the heart, and harmonious and just relations are established between the two, then there is a genial warmth produced, beneficial to soul and body, and humanity at large reap the fruits; and the forces created and brought into active operation by the united effort of conscience and intellect combined, although unseen by mortal eyes, cause growth and development, and are rich in results. Science, to a large extent, at the present time, seems to work unaided by the religion of the heart. Its mission appears to be to break down and demolish old structures, and show the crudities and absurdities of lone-established creeds of doctrine, and how flimsily they are constructed. It is much easier to be an iconoclast, even if one is forced to strike hard blows to accomplish the purpose, than to he an effectual builder.