Walla Walla, Washington Ter Daniel Stewart Walla Walla, Washington Ter., ) April 23, 1881. f Friend Oliver — It is now nearly eighteen months since I was at your pleasant village, where I whiled away some eleven years of my childhood and youth. It was after the lapse of some thirty-eight years, that I carried out the long-cherished plan of making a short visit to the home and the scenes of my childhood, and to see some of the faces of those familiar to me in the morning of my recollections. Most of those who gave me those moral lessons to guide my feet from the snares of vice and sin, and inculcated in my youthful mind those lessons of virtue and uprightness, both by precept and example, which have been a guide to me in after life, and .for which I have ever held your people in grateful remembrance, had gone to that bourne from whence none return; namely: James Smith, William N. Redmon, Henry Valentine, James Hodge, Jas. Amphlet, etc. They were all men who were moved by the sole desire to benefit others by their example and precepts. The appearance of your village had materially changed from my youthful impressions. The fields, pastures and woodlots had shrunken more than half their original size, and the different family houses were in more neighborly distance of each other. There were other things, however, which age had not altered and time had not dimmed. Those principles of order, harmony and fellowship which pervaded every thing.and seemed to be the governing principles, made themselves evident. The noblest principles of humanity rule your society and community. I felt that selfishness, envy and the baser impulses of the human family had no home in your Society. I have sometimes thought that a people who practice and teach such a rigid code of moral ethics—whose only and highest aim is to elevate all to a higher plane of life, and to make this existence more tolerable and worth living for; to reduce crime and misery in this world, and be a model to those who wish to live better and purer lives—could do more and better service in the cause of humanity by diffusing your principles and practices more prominently before the thoughtful and inquiring people of our country. The first object of all philanthropists is to elevate humanity, and make man better for the part they have acted and the principles they have promulgated. When I take an unbiased view of man and see the vice and sin and misery on every hand, and find none able to offer a practical antidote against the sorrows and afflictions that beset us on every side, I have sometimes despaired of any efficient remedy. I see in your Society a way that would lessen the vice and misery complained of. When we come, however, to apply those principles to the ruling of this selfish world as society is at present organized, I fear all efforts in that direction would prove futile. We have not arrived at that plane where selfishness will be subservient to the well-being of society. I confess I look with a pyrrhonistic vision on the future of our race. But I am glad to see the people of this country agitating the one-man monopoly of the broad acres, that our common Parent gave to man as a common heritage, that should not be used by any one to enslave his fellow-man. The God-given gifts, water, air and land, ought not to be monopolized by any one man to the exclusion of his fellow-man. I own, according to the laws of the country, some 110 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 3,000 acres of good land, which, I hold, I have no moral right to. I think like William H. Seward, that there is a law higher than the Constitution. When we look in every direction, and see the dictation of corporations and capital to Congress, with no one to raise his voice in favor of the poor, the future looks gloomy indeed. If you will send me a few lines on receipt of this I will feel much obliged. Give my kind regards to all who knew me in the days of my youth, and my best wishes to all. My wife often expresses to me her respect and admiration for your Society, and their kindness which was apparent on every side. Yours truly,