Correspondence EXPERIENCE AND BLESSING OF A VETERAN FATHER IN ISRAEL JOSEPH BRACKETT ELDER . Dear Bro. Albert — Ed. Manifesto : Having been deeply interested in our beautiful and instructive Periodical since the issue of the first number ten years ago, I have long felt that it was duty as well as privilege to express my thanks for your faithful and arduous labors in preparing such a rich, monthly feast for my eager soul. I more than once read through every number, soon as received, until my sight became dim, and for a few months past have depended upon kind brothers and sisters to read the soul-inspiring effusions from the able pens of devoted fellow-laborers, who, from all parts of our beautiful Zion, contribute to its columns, and from my heart breathe blessings upon every one of them, for their love of the principles of the gospel of Christ, revived by Mother Ann Lee and so clearly expressed, and for the beautiful life of her virgin followers. My soul is enwrapped in love to this pure, virgin life, and I have devotedly spent a 108 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. long life in faithful service in the house of God; and my service to Him has been in strengthening the foundations, building up and beautifying my Zion home, in being good, and doing good to others; in strengthening the weak, comforting the strong, lifting up the faltering, and trying to make the pathway of others pleasant. By these acts is my love measured to my Heavenly Parents, and to the way which leads to eternal life ; and I have found exquisite and abiding pleasure in crucifying self and selfish ambition, thus to serve the Living and true God. I may be pardoned in making a brief allusion to my past experience : In consideration of my advanced age this may be the last word I shall be permitted to address you while I remain upon the shores of time, and, Jacob-like, I want to bless the whole household of the Sons and Daughters of Zion, yea, and every soul throughout the land who loves truth and purity. My father received faith in the Second Manifestation of Christ when I was four years old, and moved with his family to Gorbam, Me., and was one of the founders of that flourishing little Society numbering between fifty and sixty souls, which in the year 1819 moved to Poland Hill to form an integral part of the Society at New Gloucester. I was born May 6, 1797, thus I was brought up and nurtured in the way of God, and at an early age wholly consecrated my soul and body, time and talents, to this most glorious work which God ever revealed. to man, of salvation and redemption from the nature and power of evil; and have lived a pure and chaste life according to the best of my understanding, from my childhood to the present day ; and my soul has tasted the good word of God, and powers of the world to come, and I daily partake of the food of angels, and drink the celestial waters of life which flow from the fountain of God. Having tested the wTork, by implicit obedience, I know whereof I affirm, that living as Jesus and Mother Ann lived and taught, is the only way for souls to find redemption from sin, and obtain an inheritance in their pure and heavenly kingdom. I now find my reward more than the hundred fold promised in this life, with the full assurance of eternal life in the near world to come, when I expect to complete my redemptions, and travel on to greater degrees of glory. I do not claim that my pathway has always been through flowery meads; like my Saviour and Mother Ann, deep tribulation has been my portion very many times. Not quite eighteen years old when placed in a responsible position in society, burdens increased as I grew in years, a portion still resting upon me; my duties brought me in contact with a great variety of dispositions; and heartfelt pleadings with the stubborn and willfully erring has wrung anguish from my soul, especially when they turned a deaf ear to all entreaties, and forfeited their holy birthright; and whatever the pretensions, no soul ever did, or ever will, separate themselves from the Society of the true followers of Christ for the purpose of living a higher, holier, and purer life than they are required, and may live in this sacred Institution. But, amid all the perils through which I have been compelled to pass, I can say, with St. Paul, that perils with false brethren has been the most cruel and hardest to bear. Feeling that my days on earth are few, I would entreat all into whose care is confided the consecrated property accumulated by the labors of innocent and confiding Brethren and Sisters, to be true to their trusts, and use it as not abusing it, remembering that sooner or later they will be called to render a just account of their stewardship. I thank God that now in my old age I am associated with a few long and well-tried friends, who have not faltered by the way ; yea, and surrounded by talented young Brethren and Sisters, who treat me with every degree of filial aff'ction, ministering every thing needful for my comfort, and I bless them every day. They are growing in strength, and already many of them are trusty burden-bearers, destined to become pillars in Society, whom I bless with every feeling of my soul, and my mantle of true devotion and entire consecration I leave to abide with them forever; and the fruits of years of consecrated labors is their just inheritance. They are all my jewels ; and I THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 109 shall never cease to watch over them for good when divested of this earthly form. Be of good cheer, the Lord has heard your prayers, and you shall yet see the bright glory of God shining round about you, with sipiritual increase, which shall gladden your spirits and cause your hearts to leap with joy. I will prophesy good to the Zion of Gfod. West Gloucester, Me., April, 1881. Union Village, April 23, 1881 O. C. Hampton Union Village, April 23, 1881. Dear Albert — I send you a letter I lately received from one Daniel Stewart, who lived at Union Village during the years of his boyhood. It seems to contain ideas so much ahead of the average individual outside, that Bro. Chas. Clapp thought you would appreciate the sentiments therein sufficiently to publish them. Walla Walla, Washington Ter Daniel Stewart Walla Walla, Washington Ter., ) April 23, 1881. f Friend Oliver — It is now nearly eighteen months since I was at your pleasant village, where I whiled away some eleven years of my childhood and youth. It was after the lapse of some thirty-eight years, that I carried out the long-cherished plan of making a short visit to the home and the scenes of my childhood, and to see some of the faces of those familiar to me in the morning of my recollections. Most of those who gave me those moral lessons to guide my feet from the snares of vice and sin, and inculcated in my youthful mind those lessons of virtue and uprightness, both by precept and example, which have been a guide to me in after life, and .for which I have ever held your people in grateful remembrance, had gone to that bourne from whence none return; namely: James Smith, William N. Redmon, Henry Valentine, James Hodge, Jas. Amphlet, etc. They were all men who were moved by the sole desire to benefit others by their example and precepts. The appearance of your village had materially changed from my youthful impressions. The fields, pastures and woodlots had shrunken more than half their original size, and the different family houses were in more neighborly distance of each other. There were other things, however, which age had not altered and time had not dimmed. Those principles of order, harmony and fellowship which pervaded every thing.and seemed to be the governing principles, made themselves evident. The noblest principles of humanity rule your society and community. I felt that selfishness, envy and the baser impulses of the human family had no home in your Society. I have sometimes thought that a people who practice and teach such a rigid code of moral ethics—whose only and highest aim is to elevate all to a higher plane of life, and to make this existence more tolerable and worth living for; to reduce crime and misery in this world, and be a model to those who wish to live better and purer lives—could do more and better service in the cause of humanity by diffusing your principles and practices more prominently before the thoughtful and inquiring people of our country. The first object of all philanthropists is to elevate humanity, and make man better for the part they have acted and the principles they have promulgated. When I take an unbiased view of man and see the vice and sin and misery on every hand, and find none able to offer a practical antidote against the sorrows and afflictions that beset us on every side, I have sometimes despaired of any efficient remedy. I see in your Society a way that would lessen the vice and misery complained of. When we come, however, to apply those principles to the ruling of this selfish world as society is at present organized, I fear all efforts in that direction would prove futile. We have not arrived at that plane where selfishness will be subservient to the well-being of society. I confess I look with a pyrrhonistic vision on the future of our race. But I am glad to see the people of this country agitating the one-man monopoly of the broad acres, that our common Parent gave to man as a common heritage, that should not be used by any one to enslave his fellow-man. The God-given gifts, water, air and land, ought not to be monopolized by any one man to the exclusion of his fellow-man. I own, according to the laws of the country, some 110 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 3,000 acres of good land, which, I hold, I have no moral right to. I think like William H. Seward, that there is a law higher than the Constitution. When we look in every direction, and see the dictation of corporations and capital to Congress, with no one to raise his voice in favor of the poor, the future looks gloomy indeed. If you will send me a few lines on receipt of this I will feel much obliged. Give my kind regards to all who knew me in the days of my youth, and my best wishes to all. My wife often expresses to me her respect and admiration for your Society, and their kindness which was apparent on every side. Yours truly, Dear Albert O. C. Hampton — You see, our friend speaks out pretty plainly concerning the present villainy of moneyed corporations and monopolies, but it is from a standpoint of experience in the practical chicanery by which government has been,is and will be more and more manipulated by and in the interest of these infernal institutions; for he was for eight years a member of the Oregon Legislature, much of the time entirely against his own will or inclination. However, I submit all to the judgment of the Ed. S. M. whether to publish this or a part of it, or none, as may seem best.