FRATERNAL SYMPATHY Mary A. Gillispie West Gloucester, Cum. Co., Me., ) April 1, 1881. J My Dear Stster Edith : Your sister correspondent in this place with much kindness of heart asks me to write you a word of sympathy, and so I will. It seems that you, with others, have been called to make a sacrifice of one who was very dear to you by the ties of nature as well as by Christian love and friendship; but as your faith is so well grounded in gospel soil, and your feet planted in the sure way, this trial will be far easier for you to bear than if you were thus left in the Earthly Order; this is one of the blessings which our community life gives. I very well remember when I was a little girl, the parting scene between my oldest sister and myself and brother. She entered upon spirit life; we were left to walk life's rugged paths with our faithful sister Fannie considerably older than myself, whom I shall always love and bless for her kind sisterly care. Well, my sister, what I wish to impress upon your mind is this: When your younger sister was called away by the angels to her final home, you did not have to bear this sorrow alone; but you were encircled by kind, loving mothers and angel sisters, who not only met you face to face, but walked with you and talked with you, and each word of comfort was a dew drop of gospel affection. You loved her and so did they. She was your sister by the ties of consanguinity, and theirs and yours by the stronger ties of virgin purity and love. She may have been doubly dear to you as a sister, because you had each taken the yoke and cross, and had promised to be true; this was beautiful indeed ; that pledge was witnessed by virgin souls in the other life as well as this. And let me say, my precious sister, you must never lose sight of that pledge. You and your companions will undoubtedly have as severe struggles with the enemy as those who have gone on before. You will hear the same old story about the pleasures of a worldly life, its wonderful charms and great and glorious privileges; but you must remember this very same story has been told to hundreds and to thousands before either you or I ever heard it. If you have never ascended that high mountain, with the tempter just ahead of you, drawing you upward by smooth words and self-pleasing promises, you will be taken there, for there was never a soul who started in the straight and narrow path but has climbed that mountain, and from its topmost rock looked out upon the glories of the world and heard that voice charmingly say, 'All these things will I give thee if thou wilt fall down and worship me ' etc., etc. But if you are only able to say as Jesus said, 'Get thee behind me Satan; for it is written thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and Him only shalt thou serve,' then and only then will you have achieved a great victory worth more than all the honor and applause of this world. You, as one of a band of young sisters, are wonderfully blessed with beautiful examples of peace and purity; and it seems that you cannot be otherwise than good. My love to yourself, your loving Elders, and all the dear ones in your home. I always call Canterbury my home,, the home of my early youth. Affectionately, Edith Caswell, Canterbury, N. H.