Editorial CHRISTIAN COMMUNISM vs. ITS MODERN INTERPRETATION Volumes have been, and are being written by gentle, thoughtful men and women, in opposition to the craze of late years, upon the subject of Communism. The majority of the sentiments can bo very cordially accepted ; but where the destruction of Communism as a principle is proposed, none who are believers in Christianity can acquiesce therewith. The rampant, forcible determination to divide the accumulations of the inordinately wealthy, at the risk of life and the peaceable foundations of society, should be frowned upon, deplored and verily prevented. This measure of force is a very weak one — it will never work. Let us say to those who would pattern after the discipleshipof what is known as ' French Communism'— revolutionizing, by force and bloodshed, features in society which seem unbearable to the poor and depressed : these features can be supplanted, by time, and reasonable persuasiveness ; but they never can be suppressed as you propose. Apostles of liberty, of charity, of benevolent bequests on most magnificent scales, were never so many, powerful nor effective as now. The Age of Reason and reasonable comity between the wealthy and the poorer classes has dawned, and will gradually cover the whole world with the most generous, human diplomacy. As the rising of the sun and stars is gradual, yet eventually effective over the whole earth, so is all the economy of grand THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Ill good deeds slow, but inevitable in their coming and conquering. Christian Communism has been badly mixed with that of the modern interpretation ; but no two things or systems could hardly stand more widely apart. In Pentecostal day of old, ' they were together ' — came together voluntarily —' sold their possessions and goods, and parted them to each that needed ; and no man possessed aught he called his own ! ' Under the civil rules of modern society, the above is simply impossible of accomplishment. Be it remembered, that the members of the above church in making it a model for the genuine Christian churches that might follow, previously passed upon themselves certain resolutions which alone could or can make such a life and system possible: Before parting their individual possessions for the benefit of those in need, they renounced the acquisitive title of husbands and wives and their partial blood relationships ; they bound themselves by the most solemn vows neither to give nor to take offense; they renounced all the carnal proclivities and vain fashions of the world, and like Him, whose disciples they claimed to be, theirs were unselfish, pure, peaceable, unworldly, virgin lives. Now, we propose to the world at large the reasonable reflection of true Christian Communism; and of the positive, primary requirements that can alone make Communism successful or possible. We propose to supplant the old system of husbands and wives; of individual possessions ; of war and jealousies, and envyings and family feuds ; of the corrupting expensiveness of gaudy fashions, by the simple rules which guided the Communism of the first Pentecostal Community, knowing that like causes can alone produce identical results. As the 'old creation' cannot be suppressed, let us supplant it with the ' new creation ' of Christ, having the Christ-life as our guide unto perfect, heavenly communism. And only as we approach this life voluntarily, can a reasonable, endurable Communism be possible. ft