RELIGIOUS SENTIMENT M. J. ANDERSON We are living in an age of activity. The force that acts upon mind and matter is electric; thought, permeated by this subtle element, is destined to move the world to higher planes of existence. The increasing liberality of the present time is a happy promise of the near future when sectarian bigotry—the bane of religion—shall have been swept away by the tide of intellectual expansion and true Christian faith, resulting in brotherly love. Christianity, misinterpreted, has failed to meet the needs and aspirations of man's interior spiritual nature. While ecclesiastical councils have spent centuries in contending over abstruse doctrines, engendering hatred, strife and bloodshed, they have shut out from their sacramental communion the living, loving Christ, in all the simplicity and heavenly beauty of his life example; leaving poor hungry souls to starve on husks of theologic creeds, devoid of the spirit that giveth light and understanding even to the most simple. Religious sentiment is changing, evolving new forms, wherein shall dwell a nobler spirit and a higher law than has as yet found expression among professed Christians. The great heart of humanity begius to pulsate to the dictates of reason, justice, and benevolence. Dying, beyond resuscitation, is that power that has molded mind in the narrow limits of soulless systems of dogmatic belief. Great men and true women are clasping hands, and standing side by side, in work that pertains to the common interests of society and civil government, without questioning each other's differences on religious points- Acting out the genuine spirit of religion, they rind that it needs no formulas of expression; it is that element of good- THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. 103 ness, God-given and inherent in every human heart, that wells up and flows out in sympathy, charity, forgiveness, and love. It is a divine emotion, or principle, which, set in action, is sure to bless the world. Declining faith in the mere externals of religion speaks of a broadening basis in the intellectual, as a support for the spiritual structure, that shall meet the growing demands of the race. Ordained ministers, preaching less of theologic mystery, and more of practical truth, are awakening to an acknowledgment of the good that is being done by so-called infidels, who speak plainly and pointedly against the great evils that are the outgrowth of the coercive spirit of sectarian bigotry. Editors send' good sermons through the secular press, commenting wisely on social, civil and moral obligations in all the transactions of life. The noble work of the illustrious Thomas Paine is being better comprehended ; harsh opprobrious words of slander and obloquy are softening to truthful and appreciative utterances. The living spirit filled with the glowing inspiration of truth must prove iconoclastic when its battery opens on ecclesiastical fortresses, which are now tottering to their very foundations. But let us not mourn their dissolution. ' I kill, and I make alive ; I wound, and I heal,' is the work of the Good Spirit acting through appointed agencies for the uplifting of humanity. Disintegration and reorganization is a law of nature; change is inevitable as a sequence of action. Reverential tendencies cling to old forms, and souls whose limited vision and devo tional feelings prescribe a certain bound, look with sadness upon what they deem modern innovation of materialistic philosophy, which they fear is going to turn their cherished institutions upside down, and leave them no ark of safety, or city of refuge, but send them adrift, on a sea of confusion and doubt; such do not see aright. Fossilized and incrusted forms of belief are giving way by reason of internal pressure, and burst just as naturally as does the crysalis or shell when the butterfly or bird are fledged for a loftier flight. No great truth, whether enunciated by Confucius, Buddha, Zoroaster, or Jesus, will ever be lost. The grandeur and stability of moral principles outlive all forms, ceremonies and traditions, only on them as a basis can mankind hope to successfully build any structure that shall stand the crucial test of analytical science, and in which all peoples shall harmoniously blend in the worship of the good, the heavenly and divine. Religion and science, handmaids of the Eternal Prototype of man, shall go together; and with living, loving hearts, teach the higher laws of life in things natural and spiritual; 'till a fullness of God's blessing shall crown the earth, with the new age of peace, prosperity and universal love. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.