Home Topics Dyspepsia G. A. L. — We get this remedy for the above distressing complaint from one who cured himself, and is now curing doctors of medicine, who have no faith in their own nostrums, yet who are afflicted — and the success has been simply marvelous : Get two ounces essence wintergreenTake after each meal, one teaspoonful, in a little water or milk. When relieved, stop taking the dose ; but pass the recipe to your nearest afflicted neighbor. Cure for Dandruff .—The Journal of Pharmacy asserts that a preparation of one ounce of sulphur and one quart of water, repeatedly agitated during intervals of a few hours,will, in a few week, remove every trace of dandruif from the scalp, and the hair will become soft and glossy. The head should be saturated every morning with the clear liquid. He says, ' I do not pretend to explain the modus operandi of the treatment, for it is well known that sublimed sulphur is almost or wholly insoluble, and the liquid used was destitute of taste, color or smell. The effect speaks for itself.' Beef Tea Boston journal of chemistry We find in the Boston Journal of Chemistry—most excellent authority by the way—the following directions: Beef tea is too well known to need any special recommendation, but it is too often spoiled in the making. One ounce of beef to six tablespoonfuls of water is a fair proportion for a good article. Cut the meat into dice, put it into a stew-pan and add the water cold. Certain components of the beef are soluble in cold water ; therefore let it stand ten minutes. Chicken for broth should be boiled for six hours in a covered stone jar set into a pan of boiling water. Gelatine (which was for a long time considered as absolutely innutritious, but is now recognized by the best authorities, as valuable food) renders beef tea or chicken broth more nourishing, and, as a change, more acceptable to the patient. Soak a quarter of an ounce of gelatine in a quarter of a pint of cold water, add to it a cupful of the tea or broth, and stir it over the fire till the gelatine is dissolved, when cold it will be a firm jelly. The Boston Transcript insists that 'in the house of the future the bedroom will... The Boston Transcript insists that 'in the house of the future the bedroom will be dedicated to sleep, and the bed, with perhaps a chair or two, will be the only furniture. There will be no hangings, no papered walls, no carpets, no nothing to catch and hold the dust, and the bed will stand in the middle of the room, where the air can circulate freely around it. The result will be health.' Paste for Paper . — To ten parts by weight of gum arabic add three parts of sugar in order to prevent the gum from cracking; then add water until the desired consistency is obtained. If a very strong paste is required add a quantity of flour equal in weight to the gum, without boiling the mixture. The paste improves in strength when it begins to ferment. Toughened Lamp Chimneys .—The following recipe is from a Leipsig journal devoted to the glass interest: Place your tumblers, chimneys, or vessels which you wish to keep from cracking in a pot filled with cold water, add a little cooking salt, allow the mixture to boil well over a fire, and then cool slowly. Glass treated in this way is said not to crack even if exposed to very THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. 117 sudden changes of temperature. Chimneys are said to become very durable by this process, which may also be extended to crockery, stoneware, porcelain, etc. The process is simply one of annealing, and the slower the process especially the cooling portion of it, the more effective will be the work. Corns on the Feet . — To cure corns, take one measure of coal or gas tar, one of saltpetre, and one of brown sugar; mix well. Take a piece of an old kid glove and spread a plaster on it the size of the corn and apply to the part affected; bind on and leave two or three days and then remove, and the corn will come with it.