THE SAILOR BOY IN A STORM A young sailor boy was in a storm. He was indeed a little boy, far better fitted for thumbing a spelling-book than furling a sail in a storm. But his mother was a widow, and there was no other way for the boy to earn a living for himself and mother than at sea. The ship was rolling sadly ; and some of the rigging got foul at the mainmast-head, so that some one must go up to set it straight. But it was a task of peril. The mate told the boy to climb to the mast-head. He lifted his cap and glanced at the swinging mast and the boiling sea. He stood for a moment in silence ; then rushed across the deck, and ran down into the cabin. He was there about two minutes, when he returned and laid his hands on the ropes, and went up with a cheerful and brave will. 'My eyes,' says a passenger, 'followed him till my head grew dizzy, when I turned and asked the mate why he sent the boy aloft, saying he could not come down alive ' 'Why did you send him?' ' 'I did it,' replied the mate, 'to save life. We have sometimes lost men overboard, but never lost a boy. See how he holds like a squirrel. He is careful : he will come down safe!' 'Again I looked till a tear dimmed my eye, and I was compelled to turn away, expecting every moment to hear his last fall. In about fifteen or twenty minutes, however, he came down ; and raising himself up with THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 115 a sense of having performed a manly act, he walked away with a smile on his face. 'In the course of the day I spoke to him, and asked him why he paused when he was ordered up aloft. ' 'I went, sir,' said the boy, 'to pray.' '' 'Do you pray ?' ' 'Yes, sir ; I thought that I might not come down alive, and I went to commit my soul to God.' ' 'Where did you learn to pray ?' ' 'At home ; my mother wished me to go to the Sabbath school, and my teacher urged me to pray to God to keep me, and I do,' ' 'What was that which you had in your jacket pocket ? ' ' 'My Testament, which my teacher gave me. I thought that if I did perish, I would have the Word of God close to my heart.' ' Who that reads this account acts like the sailor boy at sea ? Do we pray ? And when do we pray ?