MY FRIEND Here is a pretty piece of true philosophy, which our children could learn and declaim with profit to themselves and those who hear them. . Who is my friend ? he who doth in me see Nought but the good I do and fain attempt? Who all my work doth praise as grand and good, And says that better man can ne'er be found ? Who sees no paradox in all I am, No room to criticise the what I do ? Who deems my inmost thoughts have never been Less white or spotless than the driven snow? Who says no lines by poet ever penned Are tenderer and sweeter than are mine? Who to my name and self would add but fame To make me equal and above the best ? Who thinks the eminence by me attained As high as mountain's crest 'bove lowly vales; As eagle's flight above the tiny wren's? Who to my every fault or sin is blind And thus to flatter me is but inclined ? Is he my friend ? I answer 'no!' My friend Is one who sees me as 1 am at heart ; My faults, my weaknesses, the all that mars That mooted character—a perfect man— Or doth prevent my being what my soul In high ecstatic state doth long to be ; Who is not blind to my defects, but who Doth lovingly and kindly point them out That I may overcome and master them ; Who when 1 stumble on life's rugged road— As all frail mortals are full apt to do— Doth say to me : 'Arise ! press on again, Ne'er grieving o'er the fall or pain received, But with renewed ambition onward press, Avoiding rocks you've stumbled o'er before, Save but to point them out to other souls, Perhaps less able to outlive a fall.' He is my friend who when the ones I've loved Have turned their backs on me in cold disdain, Who when my staunchest friends—or rather those Who've known me long, and I had counted such— Do pity me and greet me with a sigh, In feigned regret that I have missed success, Doth greet me with a smile and heartiness That proves he knew I had deserved success, And given time would yet success achieve. He is my friend who when the earnings haTd Of many years doth melt away as snow, And I from wealth to penury am hurled, And toil from morn till night to earn my bread, Doth still extend to me the hand of love ; Who tells me of the trials he has had, And how by patient toil he conquered them; Who tells me of the patriots and those Who fought their way through difficulties soreYes, insurmountable to common minds— And proudly feels that I will onward march To grand success and its attendant joys ; Yet, though he feels all this, and gives it voice, He does not think my life perfection is, But scans it closely and doth here and there Point out where I may work and better it. He is my friend, and though in after years— When on the scroll of fame my name is carved Or he 'neath cruel want or scorn may bend—¦ The world may laugh that I should call him such, Still will I prove to him as true a friend As he, in my sore need, has been to me.