BETTER AND BETTER WM. H. BUSSELL ' Let knowledge grow from more to more, But more of reverence in us dwell; That mind and soul according well, May make one music as before, But vaster.' Tennyson. Eternal life, in the Christian sense, means not merely endless existence, but perpetual growth in knowledge, in wisdom, in grace both external and internal, and in love, which includes reverence to the infinite Creator and to all who are formed in His likeness. Education in its full sense means nothing less than this. Like the gospel of Christ, it is for all human beings without distinction of sex or color. Opinions may differ, as they have differed, whether a monarchy, an aristocracy, or a democracy is best adapted to human social needs; whether this class or that class, this person or that person should exercise the elective franchise or not; but no individual man or set of men, whether styled the aristocracy or the democracy, has the right to lay a straw in the way of human progress or, in other words, the attainment of eternal life. Absolute right lies in the Divine intention, and that, according to the Christian doctrine, must accord with Infinite love. But human intentions and human acts, whether expressed in the form of law or otherwise, do not always accord with this. Not even the democracy, that has often been so clamorous for rights, has had regard for the absolute right. This name of democracy has seemed to serve a good purpose for awhile, until many who had fonnded their ideas of human rights on the teachings of Jesus began to suspect that it was used only as another term for slavery of the very worst kind. One needs not go back a century of European and American history to prove the truth of this statement. Names become perverted from their original meaning and sometimes come to signify its very opposite. The Christian name has been obliged to bear that very disgrace; obliged, because many of those who bore it displayed a character and conduct the very reverse of what was borne by those who first assumed it. So Voltaire, referring to Jesus Christ, could exclaim — ' crush the wretch ! ' In his estimation the name was synonymous with bigotry and fanaticism. But why attempt to confound ideas that are naturally and necessarily distinct from each other? 'Each thing in its place is best.' Intellectual conceptions are one thing, the inspirations of spiritual life are another. Ideas, if in accordance with truth, are good in their several places. A conception cannot take the place of a life, but it may lead to a life. The conception of God, however feeble at first, may lead, by prayer, to the very life of God. Cherish the beginnings of all good ; no matter if they are feeble, they will ultimate in perfection after a sufficient time Clearness of the eye-sight is good — the clearer the better. So is the faculty of hearing; so are all the human faculties. It is better that each one should have his own eye-sight than be dependent on. that of another. It is far better that each one should be able to exercise all his own faculties than be dependent on those of others. This is a mere truism, but it lies at the foundation of all mental, moral and spiritual growth. The young are entitled to the sound possession of all the faculties, whether external or internal, that appertain to human beings. But human ignorance, the parent of human vice, often deprives the young, in the very outset of life, of the use of some one or more of the senses or of the mental faculties so necessary in this the first stage of their existence. Doubtless the infinitely Wise and Good has methods of compensation in 'the better land,' but oh, the pity that so many should be shut out from the blessed light for many a dreary year, and that so many should be unable to listen to the sweet sounds that fall so delightfully upon other ears! It is true, human benevolence has done much to mitigate these misfortunes; but if a hundred years of existence upon the earth properly belongs to each one of us, then it is well deserving the attention of the philanthropist and the scientist to ascertain how this may be effected, and effected in such a manner that life may be regarded by each as a blessing rather than a wearisome burden. This may, indeed, be regarded as a task beyond human capacity. If it is beyond present capacity, yet it is not beyond that to be developed hereafter. Years are often consumed in the development of things intended for mere material convenience. How much better is man than a machine 1 But the old adages will apply here—'Preventive is better than cure.' ' Begin at the fountain to purify the stream.'' Will it be said that it cannot be accomplished ? That these are THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 99 mysteries which belong to God alone? They belong to Him no more than all departures from rectitude, whether physical or moral. Those who have the faith .of Jesu*who bids his disciples pray — ' Thy will be done on earth as it is done in Heaven will not say it cannot be accomplished. If sufficient faith to effect this is not now upon the earth, then it is time to renew the prayer, with more fervor than ever,—'Lord, increase our faith ' Divine power can effect this and infinitely more, but the human must cooperate with the Divine ; and when the co-operation is continuous, the knowledge will ' grow from more to more,' and what have heretofore been regarded as miracles will be the common experience of life.