IS MONEY THE ROOT OF ALL EVIL? ANNA E. MILLS We are not told that it is money, but the love of money that causes the greater part of the evils brought before us either by sight, rumor or through the press of-the present day. And from the annals of history we find on record that the love of money, to a great extent, has been the cause of evil for ages past. But with the increased advantages of the day, and the facilities for improvement and progression on every hand, comes the increased demand for money, and many and hideous are the crimes arising from the de- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 129 sire to obtain that which should be a blessing. Money in the hands of men who have in their hearts truth, honor, and a love for humanity, have bestowed, and are bestowing, broad-cast over the land, noble deeds of charity and compassion, by extending help in various ways to those who need. To such agencies how great the indebtedness for the many charitable institutions with which we are so highly favored. True, on examining the statistics of asylums, children's homes, infirmaries, hospitals, in fact all benevolent institutions, we find a majority of the inmates there from a love of money, ill-gotten in some way, which has step by step led them to resort from necessity to these God-sent places of refuge. Truly, money in some hands is a blessing. But allow me for a moment to present to you the other side of the picture in just one of its phases, and in my mind one that brings death and woe to the participants, and misery and heart-aches to the innocent. The love of the mighty dollar will prompt one man to pass to the hand of his fellow-man perhaps united to him by the ties of nature the intoxicating cup, knowing that in it is concealed that which will deprive him of reason, and madden with frenzy his intellect and manhood; plunging him without mercy beneath the levels of all society demands, even lower than the brute creation ! He will gorgeously deck his den with the beauties of nature, accompanied by the warble of foreign birds ; thus drawing within this net victims of all ages; piling in his coffers that which justly belongs to innocent childhood, or such that from compulsion are entirely helpless ; thus in man's eager desire for obtaining gold, he hardens his heart, checks conscience, closes eyes and ears to the cries of those who are made destitute on account of his money drawer becoming the receptacle of the coin taken from the hand of inebriates, who, to satisfy the appetite which burns like fire within, forgets those who are near and dear to him ; loses sight of firm uprightness; becomes careless and indifferent to the rights of good citizenship, filling all with whom he may come in contact with disgust and abhorrence. Why do men so misuse our greatest blessings ? Casting aside God's holy laws, hurling their own immortal souls from his presence, besides bringing others to utter desolation and want, both here and hereafter. 'But godliness with contentment is great gain.' ' For we brought nothing into this world, and it is certain we can take nothing out.' 'Fight the good fight of faith, being therewith content with what ye have.' Watervliet, 0.