Editorial THE REVISED NEW TESTAMENT Through the enterprise and kindness of our friends, I. K. Funk &amp; Co.. 10 and 12 Dey street, New York, we have been favored with an early copy of the Revised New Testament. In it may be perceived many changes both verbal and syntactical. But for all the more good it will do toward leading men and women to live better, more like Him of whom it so ardently treats, we have our serious doubts. True, it leads us to know of the better rendering of Jesus' words ; as for instance, ' Take no thought,' etc., we have rendered, 'Be not over-anxious regarding the morrow,' etc. What we want is a revision of men's lives in accordance with what has been long known to be the very grandest life on record — the life of Jesus Christ. What we want is a revision of men's thoughts from the death of Jesus, and toward the life of Christ — two vastly different themes. Let the death of Jesus go; but let the life of Christ grow more universally among the people. Then, regardless of verbal and syntactical revisions of the good, old book, we will have living, walking, working revisions, in the newly-inspired disciples of the Lord, to-day. Away, then, with the dead letter, in the presence of the living spirit, working among the. people. Away with all forms that only hinder the flow of the spirit, and cause false hopes by improper renderings. The only hope for the people, in salvation from their sins, is in the life, not death of Jesus. And with that, revisions of New Testaments are comparatively worthless. THE CHRISTIAN MODEL For more than eighteen hundreds of years there has been presented to the world, called Christian, a character, which for beauty, for love, for justice, for exceeding humanity and approach unto godliness has, and had never before been equaled. Our so-called Christian world has not wanted eloquent reminders that this beautiful character once lived, and should now live in the memories and in the lives of Christian followers today. That there have been many tangents made to suit the conveniences of human passions, whereby the complete following of the most illustrious model could be conveniently avoided, and with an apparent show of reason, the theological Baby 132 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Ion of numerous creeds, unlike the simple Christ's, bear ample testimony. 'I- am the ivay' still stands; '/ am the life' you should live, is resplendent with Christian testimony; ' I am the truth' you should learn as Christians — and learn this truth to live it — is a brilliant and eternal reminder to those who would be Christians. We say eloquent reminders of the most beautiful model have not been wanting — reminders from the most eloquent tongues of grandest human natures. The brilliant, popular theological stars of both the new and the old world vie with each other in magnifying the perfection of the Christian model — Jesus Christ. We are proud of these brilliant linguists ; we are very grateful to them for pleasing our hearings and satisfying our understandings of what a beautiful nature was Christ's. We admit it passes our comprehension how the model for all Christians could be better magnified. But brethren, Spurgeon, Beecher, Talmadge, Thomas, Moody, etc., etc., up to hundreds, why talk of the beautiful model so extravagantly and not live it more personally ? Why talk of Christ and not live like Christ? The grand need of the world to-day is to have some grandest of nature's noblemen — astute in all the elements of perfect, physical manhood and womanhood — combining therewith the spiritual beauties of the unworldly Christ—to live like the Christ—be modern models of the same beautiful pattern. Must we be ever fed on talk ? Is not talk, without the walking after the model, simply husks ? Can we not induce some and many of the strong men and women to be our modern models of what the Christ of old was? *' Oh, that the Christ would come!' Oh, that the determination to live like the model Christ would seize upon the many noble men and women who now are serving self rather than Christ! Let there be a growing determination that Christ may walk to-day in numerous models in equal perfection of olden times, and there will be the dawning of a millennium sung of, hoped for, and now approached. True, there will be a tremendous exercise of denial to selfishness; a new world will open to those who will to be like Christ; the old ' will pass away with great noise;' the new will enter with great hope for the world. The beautiful model is still brilliantly apparent. How many will join hands and hearts not only to admire but to live truly like unto it ? ft WHAT ANSWER? We ask, with positive composure, ' What do the churches think of Christ?' The Shaker church is in a great minority, numerically speaking, and the reasons therefor are apparent. The obligations it imposes on its members, without exception, are such that only a few are able and willing to receive them. Yet these obligations are none other than preached and practiced by the Christ. The popular churches look with disdain and derision upon the sparse membership of the Shaker church, as though there was the first reason for one such look. If the question of what is right depended upon popularity and numbers the followers of Confucius and Ma- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 133 hornet could claim the precedence in righteousness. If paucity of numbers positively indicated a want of the truth as found in Christ, then indeed would the Shaker church be poor indeed, unworthy of notice, if not worthy of derision. Still this church has quite a goodly number of ardent advocates, and who would rise to the dignity of their profession to question their contemporaries. When you deride the virgin celibacy taught by the Shaker church, do you deride the virgin celibacy of Jesus, the Christ ? What answer ? As followers of Christ, how nearly do those called Christians pattern the master in this respect? Having made a sacrament of matrimony, who gave the authority to do so under the Christian dispensation ? If any say the life and example and testimony of Jesus in this respect was an error, why not discard Christianity itself ? Is celibacy unnatural ? Jesus declared it to be heavenly, and to compose the heavens. 'Thy will be done on earth, as in heaven.' We might ask what answer, to several as prominent questions. In regard to the non-resistance, the unretaliation of the Christ— the radical peace advocate. Do the churches generally discountenance war under any and all circumstances ? What say the army chaplains ? In regard to the principle of the non-possession of selfish, personal property, how stand the churches upon this question—'and none possessed aught he called his own.' We ask what answers the churches have to make as reasonable excuses for professing a following after Christ, yet walking after their own inclinations, and in nothing resembling the pattern ? We assert Christ's life as most right—as only right for Christians to practice ; as a heavenly practice on the earth ; and whoever makes the profession of Christianity should live like Christ's life. If any are unwilling or unable to live like the self-denying pattern, let him renounce the profession and the title, yielding these to those who are able and willing. We ask the churches wherein the Church, called Shaker, merits any more derision for its peculiar teachings than does the life of Christ. What answer?