The Children's Grotto RESISTED Four young men, clerks and students, while on a summer vacation tramp through Northern New England, engaged for a guide to a certain romantic forest waterfall a boy named Forrest Graves. Forrest was a fine, athletic fellow, who could outwalk and outclimb any amateur in the mountains, and his moral courage was quite equal to his physical health and strength. After he had guided the young men to the waterfall, and they had satisfied themselves with sight-seeing, they invited him to lunch with them. 'Thank you, I have my own lunch;' and the boy went away by himself. Later, when full justice had been done to their repast, and a flask of brandy had furnished each of the young men with a stimulating draught, Graves was called. ' You must drink with us, if you will not eat with us,' now said the owner of the flask, and the most reckless of the party. ' No, sir, thank you,' was the boy's courteous response. ' But I shall insist upon it.' ' You can do as you please, and I shall do as I please.' The young man sprang to his feet, and with a bound stood beside the boy, too much absorbed in his own purpose to heed the quivering lips and flashing eyes of another. ' Now you are bound to try my brandy; I always rule.' ' You can't rule me.' These words were scarcely uttered when the flask was seized and hurled into the stream, where the clinking of glass betrayed its utter destruction. Then a clear, defiant tone rang out : ' I did it in self-defense. You had no right to tempt me. My father was once a rich and honorable man, but he died a miserable drunkard, and my mother came here to live to keep me away from liquor till I should be old enough to take care of myself. I have promised her a hundred times THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 135 I wouldn't taste it, and I'd die before I'd break my promise.' ' Bravely said. Forgive me, and let us shake hands. My mother would be a happy woman if I was as brave as you : I wouldn't tempt you to do wrong. I shall never forget you, nor the lesson you have taught me.' The most reckless was the most generous, and seeing his error apologized frankly. How many boys need to be kept from strong drink ; and, alas, how many men and women ! Who dares tempt them ? Let it not be you and I. — YoutKs Companion. FOUR GOOD RULES One is : always look at the person you speak to. When you are addressed, look straight at the person who speaks to you. Another is ; speak your words distinctly. Do not mutter or mumble. If your words are worth uttering, they are worth pronouncing clearly and distinctly. Another is • do not say disagreeable things. If you have nothing pleasant to say, keep silent. A fourth is — and, children, remember it all your lives — think three times before you speak once. Have you something to do that you find hard and would prefer not to do? Then listen : Do the hard things first, and get over with them. A minister was once addressing children from the parable of the rich man and Lazarus... A minister was once addressing children from the parable of the rich man and Lazarus. He showed them the poverty and wretchedness of Lazarus and the ease and luxury of the rich man on earth, and then the bliss of Lazarus and the misery of Dives in the world to come. He asked them which of the two they would like to be. A little boy said: 'Please, I would like to be the rich man on earth, but Lazarus in heaven.' That is the way with some grown-up children ; they want to be Dives here, and enjoy the good things of Mammon, and a safe home in Abraham's bosom after they cannot hold on to Mammon any longer. But this is God's test of our love for Him. If it were not for this test heaven itself might be spoiled by the presence of self-deceiving hypocrites, but this sifts out the chaff. Read and Ponder .—A muddy stream, flowing into one clear and sparkling, for a time rolls along by itself. A little further down they unite, and the whole is impure. So youth, untouched by sin, may for a time keep its purity in foul company, but a little later and they become impure altogether. A boy who is polite to his father and mother is... A BOY who is polite to his father and mother is likely to be polite to every one else. A boy lacking politeness to his parents may have the semblance of courtesy in society, but is never truly polite in spirit, and is in danger, as he becomes familiar, of betraying his real want of courtesy. We are all in danger of livilig too much for the outside world, for the impression which we make in society, coveting the good opinions of those who are in a sense part of themselves, and who will continue to sustain and be interested in us, notwithstanding these defects of deportment and character. We say to every boy and to every girl, cultivate the habit of courtesy and propriety at home —in the sitting-room and the kitchen as well as in the parlor, and you will be sure in other places to deport yourself in a becoming and attractive manner. When one has a pleasant smile and a graceful demeanor it is a satisfaction to know that these are not put on, but that they belong to the character, and are manifest at all times and under all circumstances.