CONSERVATISM VS. PROGRESS F. W. Evans In 1876, during the World's Philadelphia Exhibition, a circular was issued to Believers, in which a worthy and prominent brother suggested to the editor that ' If the Shaker is going to be maintained, it must be by Believers, and not by subscribers. Therefore, let nothing find in it a place that any Believer could object to. Let it be purely conservative. ' In answer thereto, I wrote, but did not publish —' The American government sustained itself for a long time, with slavery gnawing at its vitals, simply preaching peace — peace — while practically compromising principles—the radical principles of the American government. Did it pay ? When the war between principles and interest came, the debt had to be cancelled. Progress was an inherent law of the American government. When that was ignored— suppressed—an explosion soon followed. Republicanism was a new idea to the race. When the name was indorsed, the fact was resisted. To-day, half the people — the females—are not citizens. Is that Republicanism? Old systems die hard. This is undeniable in earthly governments. The old smothers, chokes, crushes the new. It is one nation against all nations, and all nations against a Republic. Our Spiritual Order parallels that. A true 126 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Christ Church was the idea thrown out to all Christendom—all things new—new theology — new temporal arrangement — new sexual relations — new order of human society. To build up this new creation, material had to be taken from the old. That old material was divided into two parts—Orthodox and Skeptic. The founders of the first cycle of our Order were from the orthodox class. They have had their day and their say— have done well. The founders of the second cycle will be from the ranks of the skeptics —Rationalists—the founders of the American Government. They will have their day and their say. Hope they will do as well. The antagonism will be like Republicanism and Monarchy—Republicanism will prevail. In our first cycle, we have had celibate life, community of goods, and a few fragmentary new theologies, not yet fitted into much of a system — about as much of a Christ Church as the United States government has been of a Republic. The Baptist, the Methodist, the Presbyterian agreed to condemn marriages, per se, as unchristian. Yet they retained just as much of their old heaven views as did not too much conflict with the new faith. Now they want a paper that shall contain no truth, foundational to the coming new cycle, wholly conservative. Rather let it cease to be a professed exponent of a new order, developing from faith to faith as the Spirit of Truth reveals. In the first cycle, the question came up— ' Can an infidel to old theologies — to antiChristianity — become a good Shaker ? ' In the second cycle,it will be asked, can a fleshly lighting Christian, who has used the reasoning powers to muddle and mystify the spiritual truths of Christ's gospel, become a Christian — a good Believer ? Having lived an amphibious life, like frogs, is it possible for the Christ to redeem them — create them anew in Christ Jesus? Or have they, by desecrating sacred words and things — professing the name of Christ, and living out the character of Antichrist —committed the unpardonable sin against the Holy Spirit of Truth ? Having been Idolators — worshiping Jesus as God, are they not tempted to worship Ann as Goddess? Having, while yet Christians, lived in generative lusts, they now bring down the God of the universe, to this little unfinished planet, to engage in the work of generating a human being — Jesus (see Dunlavy)— thereby building up generation as a pure, holy spiritual work and in stitution, right in the Holy Temple of God in Christ's second appearing — Church. This too, in standard works which aims to hold forth celibacy — a resurrection as the pivotal idea of the new order of true Shakerism—an order which holds that in the Adamic condition, free from sin, Generation was only natural, earthly, animal. As the Heavens are above the earth, so is Resurrection above Generation. Can such Orthodox material ever be redeemed— saved? If so, there is hope in their latter end — and great hope for the infidels. In the spirit world, the infidel, skeptic founders of our government, are building up the waste places of Zion. The Gospel, in its Second degree, is theirs by inheritance. They are the party who said, ' I will not go,' but repented and went and did the will of God on earth, in founding a new earthly government, the commencement of the new earth, even as our order is the commencement of the new heavens. See the poor, bigoted irrational Moody and Sankeyites, who have closed the gates of a World's Exposition upon one of the seven Sabbath days that their own sect, who visit it have adopted. These inane bigots having lived in the evils of the world until frightened by the prospect of their own eternal hell-fire and brimstone, fall in imagination, at the feet of Jesus, in the belief that ' He has done it all.' When they die they go to a heaven that, to a good Shaker, would be unendurable. Let us have the new cycle, as fast as the present generation can bear the new truths that will be its foundation stones.