Correspondence Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., May 10,1881 Antoinette and Anna Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., May 10,1881 Beloved Ministry. — Our sisters were so well pleased with the correspondence in the May number of the Manifesto, that Sister Martha was prompted to respond to Elder Joseph. And if the Ministry feel union, she, and we also, would be pleased to have it find a place in .Tune number, if it will not crtiwd out something more valuable. I In the love of the Gospel, A grateful tribute to a beloved father in Israel, Elder Joseph Brackett,... M. J. ANDERSON A grateful tribute to a beloved father in Israel, Elder Joseph Brackett, for his beautiful, soul-inspiring words, contributed to the May number of our monthly paper: Ah ! words of truth from living springs sent forth, A father's blessing mingled with his love, Are to the soul what light is to the earth, Or dew and shower distilling from above. Baptized, regenerate and exalted soul ! True to the virgin principle, that gave Thy early manhood power of self control, And bore thee safe above sin's tidal wave. All glorious in the resurrection life, A savior risen on Mount Zion's hight, Where earth, tumultuous in her surging strife, Can never wreck thy battlements of right. A happy greeting from unnumbered hearts Flows forth like ripples on a summer sea; The tide of loving feeling outward starts, Moved by the weighty words there dropped by thee. The golden sheaves of ripe experience We gather in the storehouse of the mind, And realize the goodly recompense The faithful through obedience may find. Thy four-score years to holy service given, Thy consecration to a noble aim, Have made a record in the higher heaven, And placed among the saints thy hallowed name. Just like the worthy patriarch of old, Oh ! may the mantle of thy blessing fall On those who now thy pure example hold, And on truth's altar sacrifice their all. Ah! selfish loves and vain ambition draw Too many souls from purposes of right; The carnal life all good would overawe And dim the brightness of fair Reason's light. The cross forbidding seems to those who seek • The charms of pleasure's evanescent day; But to the innocent, the chaste and meek Tis wreathed in flowers that never fade away. Not vain shall prove your labors in the Lord, Though souls — unwise — the way of life shall spurn, You shall enjoy your merited reward, And many yet to righteousness will turn. Oh, may your few remaining years be crowned With peace and rest, angelic and serene, And heavenly glory to your soul redeemed, When no dark clouds or shadows intervene ! With you our prayer of faith shall never wane; The good you prophesy we know will come, And rich will be that spiritual increase That yet shall bless each happy Zion home. DEATH OF ELDER WILLIAM REYNOLDS O. C. Hampton Union Village, May 16,1881. Dear Albert :—I know you are not in the habit of giving room in the columns of the Shaker Manifesto for extended obituaries, but this I send you for your own pleasure — condensed as much as I am able to condense an article, and if any small portion thereof can be editorally appropriated, insert; if not, not. Elder William Reynolds, was born April 4, 1815. His parents were of Irish descent, but he was born on one of the Ionian Islands, and spoke the Greek language for twelve or fourteen years of his younger days. He embraced Shakerism in 1837, being then twenty-one years of age. Ever since he became a believer he has been thoroughly upright, sincere and uncompromising in his obedience to the principles, teachings and doctrines of Christ and Mother, and exceedingly exacting with himself to keep every order and regulation of the Institution. His was a pure, unspotted virgin life — rigidly conformed to personal purity and practical THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 131 righteousness. His zeal for the welfare of Zion never flagged, and his anxiety for her prosperity in matters temporal and eternal knew no rest nor intermission. It has even been supposed that his excessive solicitude broke down his nervous sj^stem finally, and was, to SRy the least, an indirect cause of his so sudden and early death. It was said at his funeral that one could look in no direction on the premises of U. V. without seeing the labors of Elder We, and it is generally conceded that he had very superior taste and talent in architectural design and arrangement. Very many expressions of love, thanks and eulogy were united in at the funeral, which was very solemn ; andwe hope, peculiarly blessed to many if not all present thereat. This I have written you at the request of . Elder Matthew Carter, and perhaps a few of the most important points herein mentioned may be found worthy of insertion. Yours truly,