Home Topics How to Preserve the Teeth . — The following directions for the care of the teeth have been issued by the medical committee of the National Dental Hospital, London: 1. The teeth should be cleaned at least once a day, the best time being night — the last thing. For this purpose use a soft brush, on which take a little soap, and then some prepared chalk, brushing up and down and across. There is rarely any objection to the friction causing the gum to bleed slightly. 2. Avoid all rough usage of the teeth such as cracking nuts, biting thread, etc., as by so doing even good, sound teeth may be inj ured. 3. When decay is first observed advice should be sought. It is the stopping in a small hole that is of the greatest service, though not (infrequently a large filling preserves the teeth for years. 4. It is of the greatest, importance that children from four years and upward should have their teeth frequently examined by the dental surgeon, to see that the first set, particularly the back teeth, are not decaying too early, and to have the opportunity of timely treatment for the regulation and preservation of the second set. 5. Children should be taught to rinse the mouth night and morning, and to begin the use of the tooth-brush early (likewise the toothpick). 6. With regard to the food of children, to those who are old enough, whole meal, bread, porridge and milk should be given* This is much more wholesome and substantial food than white bread. 7. If the foregoing instructions were carried out comparatively few teeth would have to be extracted. Health Hints . — Gentian root is said to be a tobacco antidote: Buy two ounces or more of Gentian root, coarsely ground. Take as much of it after each meal, or oftener, as amounts to a common quid of 'fine-cut.' Chew it slowly and swallow the juice. Continue this a few weeks and you will conquer the appetite for tobacco. To stop a flow of blood, take the fine dust of tea, or the scrapings of the inside of tanned leather; bind it upon the wound closely, and blood will soon cease to flow. After the blood has ceased to flow laudanum may be applied to the wound. Due regard to these instructions will save agitation of mind running for a surgeon, who probably will make no better prescription if present than this. What the Microscope Says . — Insects o'f various kinds may be seen in the cavities of a grain of sand. Mould is a forest of beautiful trees, with the branches, leaves and fruit. Butterflies are fully feathered. Hairs are hollow tubes. The surface of our bodies is covered with scales like a fish ; a single grain of sand would cover 150 of these scales, and yet a scale covers 500 pores. Through these narrow openings the perspiration forces itself like water through a sieve. Each drop of stagnant water contains a world of living creatures swimming with as much liberty as whales in the sea. Each leaf has a colony of insects grazing on it like cows on a meadow. Yes, even the ugliest plant that grows shows some remarkable property when closely examined. A Cure for Sick Headache —This complaint is the result of eating too much and exercising too little. Often the cause is that the stomach is not able to digest the food last introduced into it, either from its having been unsuitable or excessive in quantity. It is said a diet of bread and butter, with ripe fruits or berries, with moderate, continuous exercise in the open air sufficient to keep up a gentle perspiration, would cure almost every case in a short time. To drink two teaspoonfuls of powdered charcoal in half a glass of water generally gives instant relief. The above sovereign remedies may do in some but not in all cases. A sovereign remedy for this ailment is not easily found. Sick headache is periodical, and is the signal of distress which the stomach raises to 138 THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. inform us that there is an over-alkaline con. dition of its fluids; that it needs a natural acid to restore the battery to its normal working condition. When the first symptoms of a headache appear, take a teaspoonful of clear lemon juice fifteen minutes before each meal and the same dose at bed_ time ; follow this up until all symptoms are passed, taking no other remedies, and you will scon be able to go free from your unwelcome nuisance. Many will object to this because the remedy is too simple, but many cures have been effected in this way. —Boston Transcript. A 'drop' is a variable quantity... A ' drop ' is a variable quantity, although, many people never think about this fact The Journal of Chemistry says that the larg. est drop is formed by syrup of gum-arabic, 44 to the dram, and the smallest by chloroform. 250 to the dram. As a general rule, tinctures, fluid extracts and essential oils yield a drop less than one-half the size of water, and acids and solutions give a drop but slightly smaller than water.