FARM AND GARDEN Onions .— From our own experience and the observation of others, we can fully indorse the testimony of the St. Louis Miller of the healthful properties of the above esculent. Lung and liver complaints are certainly benefited, often cured, by a free consumption of onions, either cooked or •raw. Colds yield to them like magic. Don't be afraid of them. Taken at nighty all offense will be wanting by morning, and the good effects will amply, compensate for the trifling annoyance. Taken regularly, they greatly promote the health of the lungs and the digestive organs. An extract made by boiling down the juice of onions to a syrup, and taken as a medicine, answers the purpose very well; but fried, roasted or boiled onions are better. Onions are a very cheap medicine, within everybody's reach; and they are not by any means as ' bad to take ' as the costly nostrums a neglect of their use may necessitate.—Scientific American. Scratches or Cracked Heels in Horses .— A Canadian correspondent gives the following simple remedy for scratches in horses: ' Having tried many lotions, etc., only to obtain temporary relief for my horse, I concluded to try a mixture of flour of sulphur and glycerine, which I mixed into a paste, using sufficient glycerine to give it a glossy appearance; and the result I obtained in a short time were truly wonderful. I apply this paste at night, and in the morning before going out I apply plain glycerine.' Sweet Corn for Fodder .— Farmers all over the country are becoming convinced of the great value of sweet corn for fodder, not only for use in summer, but, when cured, for winter. We have long used it, and prefer it to the common field sorts, and think it better in every way. It is now time to prepare for sowing corn in drills, as well as planting in hills, and it will cost no more to raise sweet corn for seed another year than other sorts. All the farmer needs is a few quarts of seed to start with, if he cannoi afford to purchase a larger quantity. But sown corn of some kind should find a place on every farm because there is seldom a season in which the pasture will not partially fail during a few weeks, if not longer, and then the fodder corn comes in very opportunely as green food. Shearing Sheep .—Early shearing is considered best by most flock masters, and the rule is to begin the operation without delay as soon as the weather will permit. Sheep are usually relieved of their coats by handshearing, tedious and hard work for both man and beast, but care on the part of the operator greatly reduces the inconvenience and suffering to which the animals are subjected afterward. It pays in every sense of the word to handle the sheep carefully and to avoid slashing into flesh as well as wool. There are machines in the market which cut the fleece evenly and shear about ten sheep per hour. Before shearing, all dirt and straw should be removed from the sheen's feet, and any matted tags and locks of wool that require washing, cut off. Shearing is sometimes done on a bench or platform, but the usual plan is to set the sheep on the rump on a smooth, clean floor. The wool is now sheared from its neck and fore-shoulders, then the animal is laid upon one side and the upper side sheared, then turned over and the wool removed from the other side. Good sharp shears are necessary to a rapid and perfect performance of the work, and great care is required to shear the wool reasonably close without cutting the skin. A good shearer does not make second cuts ; the fact that weol had been left by the first cut is evidence that the shears were not properly held, and the wool removed by the second cut is worthless. It therefore is to the farmer's interest that skillful shearers be employed for this important work. When a sheep has received injury by unavoidable cuts in shearing it is advised that tar be smeared over the injured places to prevent flesh flies from depositing their eggs. The loss of their woolly coats is seriously felt by sheep for the first few days, and then it is that many diseases are incurred. At this critical period the animals ought to be 140 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. sheltered, not only during storms, but at night, until there has been time for their systems to become adapted to the change and the weather is quite warm and settled.