THE SOLAR SYSTEM MARTHA J. ANDERSON Imperial day, in regal majesty Now gathers up his gold and purple robes, And westward rolls his chariot of light. Grey mists retreat to caverns dark and deep, And twilight shadows, softly stealing o'er, Wrap all creation in a calm repose; While nature, with her myriad voices hushed, In silent awe awaits the opening role That heralds night's resplendent scenery — Pair Venus, peerless 'mid the nightly train That tread their round through sombre ether space In such sublime and awful majesty,— Comes forth in queenly beauty all arrayed; And shining orbs, each to their place assigned, In blazoned grandeur span the ebon arch. Star of all stars, among the countless throng That meets the raptured gaze of mortal eye, For thy transcendent light outshines them all. When the moon wanes and shows its side opaque, Thy beams, throughout the crystal air infused, A weird reflection cast upon the wall, And in the trembling shafts of silvery light, Fantastic shadows dance in revelry, And spectral shapes the silent chamber fill. A world! oh! who shall scan thee wondrous ball Suspended in illimitable space? Thy brilliancy the eyes-of science blinds, And with uncertainty doth man record The measurement of thy circumference. They claim thee as the Sun's fair satelite, With Mercury attending on his course. Earth pales, and Mars' bright lurid glare grow^ dim Eclipsed by the refulgence of thy beams. Great Jupiter, enthroned as king of heaven, With watchful eye and steady light, looks down From depths immeasurable and vast; Too distant, to reveal his wondrous size. And Saturn, luminous with circling rings, Moves with his satelites in realms remote, The great chronologer of passing time, Uranus, mildly beams far, far away ; And Neptune, unperceived by naked eye, Ensphered in light as brilliant as our own, Like sentinel, takes up his march around The boundary line of Sol's great family. Ah! who shall reach infinity? or ere descry By aid of science, keen research, or sight, The wonders of that galaxy of worlds, Whose central orbs, like globes of living tire Illume and vivify their forms opaque? No wonder that the magi of the east In the grey morning of a new-born world, Went up to hill-tops of the Orient, And paid their homage, to the grandest works Displayed in God's created Universe. They knew Him not, yet gazed with thought serene, And sought the secret cause, of all that lived And moved, in such exalted harmony. In lands of cloudless skies and climate warm, The ancient shepherds, on the outstretched plains — While guarding well their chosen flocks by night— 122 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Observed the movements of revolving spheres, And marked from age to age the changing scenes Occurring in the stellar dome on high. Chaldea and Egypt, in their palmy days, And other oriental lands of lore, Mapped out their systems of astronomy, And gave the world the ke\, that has unlocked The occult mysteries of the heavenly vault. And yet, with what perspective art and skill, Man still pursues the study of those laws That operate beyond his finite sight, And hold in poise the constellated spheres ; Whose harmony, like sweet concordant chimes. The great Pythagoras was wont to hear. In ages dark, when priestcraft ruled the earth, The sons of science, doomed beneath their scourge, Dared not promulgate what they know was right; Or, like the brave Galileo, they shared With criminals the dungeon's noisome cell: Yet blessed be their memory, it lives In the resplendent glory of that, truth, Which triumphs over ignorance and pride. The age of reason, dawning o'er the earth, Gives to the minds of men expanse and growth, And elevates the moral sentiment Above the superstitious and the vague, To comprehend diviner attributes ; E'en the Creative Power that fashions worlds And moulds the destiny of human souls.