Home Topics How to Preserve the Teeth . — The following directions for the care of the teeth have been issued by the medical committee of the National Dental Hospital, London: 1. The teeth should be cleaned at least once a day, the best time being night — the last thing. For this purpose use a soft brush, on which take a little soap, and then some prepared chalk, brushing up and down and across. There is rarely any objection to the friction causing the gum to bleed slightly. 2. Avoid all rough usage of the teeth such as cracking nuts, biting thread, etc., as by so doing even good, sound teeth may be inj ured. 3. When decay is first observed advice should be sought. It is the stopping in a small hole that is of the greatest service, though not (infrequently a large filling preserves the teeth for years. 4. It is of the greatest, importance that children from four years and upward should have their teeth frequently examined by the dental surgeon, to see that the first set, particularly the back teeth, are not decaying too early, and to have the opportunity of timely treatment for the regulation and preservation of the second set. 5. Children should be taught to rinse the mouth night and morning, and to begin the use of the tooth-brush early (likewise the toothpick). 6. With regard to the food of children, to those who are old enough, whole meal, bread, porridge and milk should be given* This is much more wholesome and substantial food than white bread. 7. If the foregoing instructions were carried out comparatively few teeth would have to be extracted. Health Hints . — Gentian root is said to be a tobacco antidote: Buy two ounces or more of Gentian root, coarsely ground. Take as much of it after each meal, or oftener, as amounts to a common quid of 'fine-cut.' Chew it slowly and swallow the juice. Continue this a few weeks and you will conquer the appetite for tobacco. To stop a flow of blood, take the fine dust of tea, or the scrapings of the inside of tanned leather; bind it upon the wound closely, and blood will soon cease to flow. After the blood has ceased to flow laudanum may be applied to the wound. Due regard to these instructions will save agitation of mind running for a surgeon, who probably will make no better prescription if present than this.