FARM AND GARDEN Onions .— From our own experience and the observation of others, we can fully indorse the testimony of the St. Louis Miller of the healthful properties of the above esculent. Lung and liver complaints are certainly benefited, often cured, by a free consumption of onions, either cooked or •raw. Colds yield to them like magic. Don't be afraid of them. Taken at nighty all offense will be wanting by morning, and the good effects will amply, compensate for the trifling annoyance. Taken regularly, they greatly promote the health of the lungs and the digestive organs. An extract made by boiling down the juice of onions to a syrup, and taken as a medicine, answers the purpose very well; but fried, roasted or boiled onions are better. Onions are a very cheap medicine, within everybody's reach; and they are not by any means as ' bad to take ' as the costly nostrums a neglect of their use may necessitate.—Scientific American. Scratches or Cracked Heels in Horses .— A Canadian correspondent gives the following simple remedy for scratches in horses: ' Having tried many lotions, etc., only to obtain temporary relief for my horse, I concluded to try a mixture of flour of sulphur and glycerine, which I mixed into a paste, using sufficient glycerine to give it a glossy appearance; and the result I obtained in a short time were truly wonderful. I apply this paste at night, and in the morning before going out I apply plain glycerine.' Sweet Corn for Fodder .— Farmers all over the country are becoming convinced of the great value of sweet corn for fodder, not only for use in summer, but, when cured, for winter. We have long used it, and prefer it to the common field sorts, and think it better in every way. It is now time to prepare for sowing corn in drills, as well as planting in hills, and it will cost no more to raise sweet corn for seed another year than other sorts. All the farmer needs is a few quarts of seed to start with, if he cannoi afford to purchase a larger quantity. But sown corn of some kind should find a place on every farm because there is seldom a season in which the pasture will not partially fail during a few weeks, if not longer, and then the fodder corn comes in very opportunely as green food.