Correspondence Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., May 10,1881 Antoinette and Anna Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., May 10,1881 Beloved Ministry. — Our sisters were so well pleased with the correspondence in the May number of the Manifesto, that Sister Martha was prompted to respond to Elder Joseph. And if the Ministry feel union, she, and we also, would be pleased to have it find a place in .Tune number, if it will not crtiwd out something more valuable. I In the love of the Gospel, A grateful tribute to a beloved father in Israel, Elder Joseph Brackett,... M. J. ANDERSON A grateful tribute to a beloved father in Israel, Elder Joseph Brackett, for his beautiful, soul-inspiring words, contributed to the May number of our monthly paper: Ah ! words of truth from living springs sent forth, A father's blessing mingled with his love, Are to the soul what light is to the earth, Or dew and shower distilling from above. Baptized, regenerate and exalted soul ! True to the virgin principle, that gave Thy early manhood power of self control, And bore thee safe above sin's tidal wave. All glorious in the resurrection life, A savior risen on Mount Zion's hight, Where earth, tumultuous in her surging strife, Can never wreck thy battlements of right. A happy greeting from unnumbered hearts Flows forth like ripples on a summer sea; The tide of loving feeling outward starts, Moved by the weighty words there dropped by thee. The golden sheaves of ripe experience We gather in the storehouse of the mind, And realize the goodly recompense The faithful through obedience may find. Thy four-score years to holy service given, Thy consecration to a noble aim, Have made a record in the higher heaven, And placed among the saints thy hallowed name. Just like the worthy patriarch of old, Oh ! may the mantle of thy blessing fall On those who now thy pure example hold, And on truth's altar sacrifice their all. Ah! selfish loves and vain ambition draw Too many souls from purposes of right; The carnal life all good would overawe And dim the brightness of fair Reason's light. The cross forbidding seems to those who seek • The charms of pleasure's evanescent day; But to the innocent, the chaste and meek Tis wreathed in flowers that never fade away. Not vain shall prove your labors in the Lord, Though souls — unwise — the way of life shall spurn, You shall enjoy your merited reward, And many yet to righteousness will turn. Oh, may your few remaining years be crowned With peace and rest, angelic and serene, And heavenly glory to your soul redeemed, When no dark clouds or shadows intervene ! With you our prayer of faith shall never wane; The good you prophesy we know will come, And rich will be that spiritual increase That yet shall bless each happy Zion home.