WILLING OBEDIENCE ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE God has never left the earth without a witness of Himself. There have been a few—when compared with the many—who feared, loved and served Him according to the degree of knowledge of His will revealed in their time, and of His requirements upon them. Obedience was the condition of blessing and acceptance, as lessons were given from time to time for the uplifting of the race unto higher truths and more sublime thought and action. ' If ye be willing and obedient ye shall eat the good (fruit) of the land,' and ' dwell in the light of God's countenance'— His benign smiles of approval. Upon that law, kept inviolate, hung the promise of reward. God's works bear the insignia' of life, growth and development. Laws and lessons that were given when the race was young and feeble had their uses; without the sus. taining, verifying influences which they imparted even the breath of life that God gave to man, which caused him to be a living soul, endowed with intelligence and reasoning powers, would have been lost. As an infant is fed and nourished by its motherland receives such food as it can digest, so was man, or a race of men, supplied with food befitting its infantile condition. More than that could not have been a blessing at that time. But how far would the food of an infant go toward sustaining a full grown man or woman ? Although indispensable to the then immature condition of age and education, it would fall far short of supplying the demands of full developed manhood. Now, in the nineteenth century, we find the mental food that sufficed in the past — even that which was accepted and relished in one decade in the gone by — does not fully satisfy present investigating minds. As with the mental, so in regard to the spiritual — the soul cravings. The condition of blessing resting upon the law of obedience is as potent and essential at the present as in the past. All progress in ethics or religion is based upon that principle, through whatever agency light may come to us, unless we receive it, grasp and hold it by obeying its teachings, we fail of the full blessing designed. We cannot be justified or condemned from the standpoint of others in the present, neither be satisfied to plant our feet upon the summit of the highest mountain that appeared to Moses and the prophets. They stood upon the heights of the Zion of their day, and drank health and hope from spiritual fountains of inspirations that opened unto them, which caused them to utter beautiful truths that have come down to us in substance through many centuries of time, for which we acknowledge our indebtedness. Other stars have since arisen, and we hope many more may yet arise, that will shine with brighter luster than any that have shone in the past; and while those in the past may in some degree ' cease to be glorious by reason of the glory that excelleth,' they will still retain their places in the celestial horizon, forming a bright constellation that will be seen in the ages yet to be. Jesus the Anointed came to inaugurate a new dispensation; not to condemn the old, but to break the bread of life in a new form, and to show a more excellent way than the 'eye for an eye' system; that to render good for evil was a higher law. He led His disciples on to a more elevated plane than the law-giver Moses had done, and taught that love, ruling the life and conscience, was better than physical force, and forgiveness better than revenge. In the dnys of Jesus few indeed were prepared to accept the message that He was commissioned to bear to the children of men. He took great pains to enlighten His disciples and imbue their minds with the importance of the great fundamental principles of a new spiritual order that it was His 128 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. peculiar mission to originate, which were virgin purity, non-resistance, love to God and humanity, practically demonstrated by community of interest in all things pertaining to hody and soul. He said : ' All men cannot receive My word. He that is able let him receive it.' Even His baptized followers only saw in part; they awaited the growth of the ages for the ushering in of a still more perfect day. In the fullness of time, Ann the Anointed came as a medium to perform a peculiar work that was given her to do. She planted her feet upon the rock of revelation — the foundation that Jesus laid — and worked from and added strength thereto. As Jesus was the first born of many brethren, so was Ann the first born of many daughters, and Jesus-like she faithfully fulfilled her mission. They were not able to perfect the work that they commenced on earth, but looked to their followers to fill the measure which they left unfilled. They opened the gates of the highway that leads up the mount to the city of God, where all things are new, and their dual voice is heard today calling to their children to come up higher and still higher, where they may drink at new springs of inspiration, and receive ' beauty for ashes, the oil of gladness for mourning, and a garment of praise for a spirit of heaviness.'