SOUL TRAVEL GILES B. AVERY Earth's travelers often intensely interest her inhabitants by wordy pictures of their journeys, the interesting sights they have seen, the curious incidents they have met with ; the laws, customs and manners of different peoples and nations they have witnessed, the wonders of nature and art that have riveted their memories like a spellbound reader, and the different phases of culture, progress and refinement of different peoples. In the understanding and belief of all enlightened peoples, there is a spiritual,— a soul world, as really as a material and it is not alone for those who have 'shuffled off the mortal coil,' but those yet residents of time. Of this the travelers therein have reports to make, vastly more important and enchanting than those merely pertaining to the material; they are seeking an audience. Who will listen to their reports ? But where are the historians of soul travelers ? Is there not here a very important link in the chain of human development that needs forging, smoothing and burnishing ? Are there not many links, a chain embettering intelligent life ? Is there not a voluminous and intensely interesting history waiting for the pen of some recording angel to illustrate ? Are we all, as tenants of time, so engrossed with earth's cares, burdens, sorrows and joys that we have no record to portray of the travels of the soul ? After the worrying and harrassing experience of earthly trials and disappointment, or while suffering the effect of the contents of Pandora's box, when, as the hypochondriac would express it,a person 'feels the blues,' is there no soul record which might be written for the encouragement of fortitude, patience, and calm endurance, or, if need be, energetic struggle, so to guide the life of the forth coming traveler as to shun the like Maelstrom of difficulties ? Or, in the experience of joys so transporting, full of strength and encouragement of spirit as to enable an intelligent human being to sail securely and calmly over all the rough billows of time, is there no reporter, as a heavenly pilot, to tell the approaching sailor how to guide his bark, that he too may be fortified for the trials to be met on the voyage ? We behold around us multitudes of soul pilgrims on their journey through time, destined to some goal, some haven of joy or sorrow, some prison of infamy or some fane of glory, and we anxiously inqure, are there not some means by which each one and all may not only see the temple of honor and the crown of bliss, but be drawn'm the only true direction to it ? Can ye not picture to us, O souls who have sailed on before, and anchored in the ocean of redemption and bliss, the methods you employed to vanquish your adversaries in conflicts with the blandishments of sore temptations and the allurements of sin ? To perceive soul travel in its magnitude, we must retrace human history ; for her THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 123 physical/moral and social, as well as spiritual status has been graded, all along from man's cradle history, up through the untold myriad ages, by the development of progressive degrees of soul enlightenment and enlargement. In the earlier and earliest ages of human existence, the motive power of man's life was, apparently, simply brute force, the strongest, animally speaking, bearing rule ; thus, the male of human kind ruled, for untold ages, over the female, making her his slave, his tool for pleasure ; a condition manifest, even at the present day, by those nations where there has been little development of soul progress. Thus was developed and chosen the Chiefs of savage tribes, and thus ensued the dominance of nations for time unmeasured; the most physically powerful and numerous assuming an autocracy of rule ; the weaker peoples, in unnumbered millions, were enslaved by their physical peers, and made to serve them in any manner which most ministered to their animal pleasures, pride and creature comforts, and apparently without the least thought or concern of the sufferings of the enslaved and toiling myriads they had conquered. The imperishable historical testimony of this soulless state of human society is recorded in the Pyramids and Obelisks of Egypt, the Catacomb cities of the dead, hewn in the imperishable rocks ; the Sarcophagi containing embalmed mummies of rulers and taskmasters wrapped in beaten gold. Human animals fought hand to hand for mastery, as right still the lower orders of creation, Man's servile life in these ages was untold misery without spiritual or social relief. As man became more soul-progressed, fewer have been the wars for conquest, but more forcible the engines of destruction ; thus inciting dread of engagement in strife, and, coupled with this, attention to the sufferings of the wounded, thus manifesting human sympathy — a trace of soul development, an elementary demonstration of soul travel. On, and still onward, is the march of progress, until kingdoms unite to sustain each other by combined counsels ; wars are less frequent, engines of destruction more dreadful, until some of them are so horrible, so Satanic in design and accomplishments for the destruction of life, that they are condemned, even by warriors, as hellish instruments of warfare; another evidence of soul progress, — sympathy for fellow-beings ; an element entirely lacking in the earlier ages, when whole hecatombs of human beings were sacrificed in the gladiatorial sports and feasts of conquering nations, to please the spectators, and the greater the anguish portrayed by the lacerated human sacrifices, the greater joy to the crowd of spectators. No soul manifest here ! Yet forward rolls the wheel of progress, and the travel of soul manifest in earthly conditions, until national grievances are beginning to be settled, among some, once barbaric nations of the earth, by arbitration, and the growth of soul is pleading for the disbanding of standing armies; thus the growth and progress of soul approximating the dawn of that glorious day of soul domi nation predicted by the prophet of the Lord, when nations should ' beat their swords into plow shares, and their spears into pruning hooks, and learn war no more.' Prom the historical, infantile,social status of human life, all along up through the unnumbered ages, come the evidences of soul travel, plodding its weary way in the socalled religious history of our race. Beginning with primitive humanity we find a degree of apparent innate perception of God : man recognizes some powers superior to himself and worships its products as God. At first, a fetich, his god is some stupenduous material object, as a huge rock, a vast mountain, a noble river, the mighty ocean ; soul, here begins to work, but her aliment is material; next, the spiritual impulse prompts the manufacture of images of animal life to worship, rtie only way the soul can, as yet, give its life expression ; it is an incipient perception and acknowledgment of God in His creation; it is one more step of soul progress. Next comes the worship of the sources of light, and life sustainers, the Sun, Moon and Stars, because man finds them his benefactors, and his innate gratitude begins to germinate and crop out; the soul is climbing, but in material robes. 124 THE SHAKER'MANIFESTO. Occult forces hence begin to manifest their power to a portion of the race, and man's spiritual forces institute ideal gods in monstrous forms embracing a combination of the forms of both man, beast and birds, and panoplied with creative powers, as objects of worship ; in this is portrayed Egyptian soul evolution, a glimmering perception of the spiritual ; but we do not tarry here. Next we have the souls incipient perception of a spirit God, and abstract identity, unknown to the unprogressed, material man ; His oracle, Moses, reveals Him as the Unknown, simply ' / Am ' seeing his backsides only, his face he cannot see and live, for he is yet approaching him only from the rear. But, in this phase the souls of men see God as the Mighty Deliverer from bondage, and the fearful dispenser of justice and judgment, and in this phase of soul travel, '' The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom.' But the soul is marching on; and ultimately ceases to fear God, having learned only to ' love God as the perfection of wisdom.' Next, enters Christ, the evolution of soul to a recognition of God, not as an unknown Monster, to be feared only, but a Heavenly Father, with whom the Son might walk and talk familiarly and lovingly, and take lessons of soul life, — spiritual wisdom. Now Paul, —the Christian Apostle, could declare to the cultured Greeks and Romans, yet lingering in soul travel : ' Whom ye ignorantly worship, Him declare I unto you.' In this step of soul travel is manifest spiritual power commanding and overreaching the materialistic and literal machinery, in the grooves of which, society had thus far run her spiritual car of progress ; and now begins to be manifest the fact that soul power, — spirit, is the arbiter of the destinies of nations; the ceramanding force of human weal; a power to be investigated, learned, loved and obeyed ! The kingdom of Christ is a Republic in the relation of its citizens to each other — a Kingdom in their relation to Christ, their Lord and Head. It is founded, not on outward forms of social polity, but on the principles of spiritual righteousness, truth and love ; laws written by the finger of God, on the plastic soul, not graven upon stone tables. It contrasts with the Jewish Kingdom by its spiritual freedom. It opposes to the limitation of the Jewish theocracy's boundary line, as being alone able to become God's Chosen People, a universal invitation to all mankind, to become the Children of God, having no restrictions but those of character and conduct ; Citizenship is offered to all who truly repent before God. Christianity is founded on soul life, and perpetuates its power by soul travel; thus it is in direct opposition to stupid dependence on mere customs, ceremonies, formulas of empty rule ! The moribund, Levitical worship and idolatry of ceremony, are wounded to death ! Christianity is not a mechanical servitude, it is a soul travel from a narrow pride of religious bigotry of exclusive Pharisaical righteousness, to the acceptance of goodness in all mankind, wherever, or by whomsoever manifest. ' If ye love those only who love you what reward have you ?' this is its benedictory admonition. This, when enunciated by Jesus, and demonstrated in his life's labors of universal benevolence, produced a religious revolution in the history of mankind. Here, is soul travel to a demonstration of Princely dignity, and yet its working, governmental policy is the contrast of a Kingly or Princely Aristocracy. But the march of soul stops not here. Still on she climbs the ladder of destiny, and next perceives a revelation of God, not only as a Heavenly Father, but a Heavenly Mother also. Now man begins to learn his true selfhood, to recognize woman his counterpart, his finishing half, not his mere vassal, but his loving comforter, and spiritual compeer ! In this revelation, love is no longer lust, but is the fruit of purity and peace ; this relation of the sexes, though born from the heavens upon the earth, is not of earthly destiny, it is to inaugurate a Kingdom of Heaven for man's residence, not only in the life to come, but while he is a sojourner on the shores of time. Soul travel, in this relation, develops dignity which is approximating the Divine; dignity princely in power, yet so humble, it affords no awe to the lowly in station — THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. 125 sympathy for the weak and erring, to cheer and uplift the downcast and fallen ; energy and determination of purpose to the innocent, to enable them to keep their garments unspotted by sin — power to reprove with love, and condemn with pity, to bear indignities, yet repress even just resentment. In the finale, this soul travel enables mankind with so much patriotism, and univorsal love, as to give one's life a willing sacrifice to truth ! To enable the race of man to have a soul travel, there must ever be a light in advance of the popular sentiment, in morals, in religion ; and this light must have its torch bearers, consecrated souls to human evolution. Without a soul travel into the vitalizing spirit of religious fervor, and eternal life, the parent of Divine and. eternal love, which produces in its votaries self denial and purity, the history of religious progress in all countries, and among all peoples must perish ! Even Puritan New England, in the 17th century forcibly illustrated this truth, that, the human mind will not continuously bear the strain of strictly religious sentiment and discipline without a spirit travel into the angelic realms of the inspirational and Divine. A nonconformist Divine, in the early days of Puritanism in England, remarked : ' Religion has been among us this thirty-five years ; but the more it is published, the more it is contemned, and reproached by many. * * * Thus religion is a by-word, a mocking stock, so that in England, at this day (near the close of the 16th century), the man or woman who begins to profess religion, and to serve God&gt; must resolve with himself to sustain mock and injuries.' The magistrates of Massachusetts, a century later, in 1668, remarked ' The youth of this age, have degenerated from the strictness of their fathers.' But soul travel clothes the being with the garments of everlasting righteousness and eternal constancy in well doing, anc happy being; it leads away from earthly sins and sorrows, to fraternize with angels of God; to such, religion is an eternallj flowing fountain of living, soul inspiring waters, springing up unto everlasting life The bare professor of religion with a lifeless untra/oelled soul, sin bound, and earth hackled, dwells alone, a stranger, though having multitudes around him and is often questioning if ' life is worth the living ? ' But, he soul traveler, in Christian graces, dwells n heavenly palaces, consociated with heavenly messengers of bliss, the compeers of angels, and worships God in temples not made with hands ; they are never alone, not even while dwelling as denizens of earth, jut wedded to kindred spirits, as light is wedded to the sun, or color to the tinted rose; and as rivers flow to the ocean, so fulfilling the prophetic prediction, shall these soul progressed and progressing spirits 'flow together to the goodness of the Lord.' Shakers, N. Y.