BROOK-FARM COMMUNITY DANIEL FRASER On the death of George Ripley, founder of the ' Brook Farm Community,' the London Standard discourses thus: 'To those whose memory extends back forty years the death of George Ripley will recall the famous experiment with which his name will ever be connected. We refer to the Brook Farm Community. It was a socialist attempt to make the world better.' A commune, that numbered among its members Emerson, Thoreau, Hawthorne and Margaret Fuller, could scarcely fail to leave its mark. Of the cultivated men and women who took part in it, nearly all are dead. George was the soul of the enterprise, into which he cast a fortune which would have saved him from a life of toil its loss entailed. This commune was a gathering of great- THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. 14? hearted Idealists, full of life and enthusiasm. After studying a few notices of their life which the members have placed on record, the reader is inclined to believe that the Brook farmers looked on the whole affair as if a communal life was a prolonged picnic, with some philosophy to sublimate the earthliness of plowing fields and milking cows. Brook Farm was an innocent community ; every one did as seemed right in his or her eyes, yet the breath of scandal never touched George Ripley's community. About the year 1840 was a time of peace, and there was a kind of ferment heating up the Old world and the New. The Americans had got over their first bursts of patriotic ardor, and were discovering that life ought not to be wholly spent in pursuit of individual interests. With them socialistic experiments took root early and succeeded best. But Idealists who expected to find in the model republic the best of all possible governments were disappointed at rinding one not much better than that from which they had fled. The reaction naturally landed them in researches after higher forms of social life. The people were growing dissatisfied, and they began to dream dreams, and seek out seers ; and for the time being, the thoughtful theorist was expatiating on the Essenes, and the Therapeutic, the Shaking Quakers, Plato's Republic, and Moore's Utopia. Brook Farm was a pleasant enough affair. The members chopped wood and talked of the infinite; peeled apples and reconstructed the universe ; and as Hawthorne expressed, ' felt they were leading a righteous and Heaven-blessed way of life.' Before breakfast he chopped hay for the cattle, brought wood and replenished the fires, and then went down and ate a huge mound of buckwheat cakes. After breakfast George Ripley, himself, and another member armed with four pronged tools made a gallant attack on a heap of manure. The novelist jocularly intimates '' that after this hard work and plain fare, that he felt the original Adam reviving within him.' A life of labor for the good of the community at first had its charms, but when the novelty wore away, the socialistic enthusiasm also evaporated. Of course the ' Brook Farm ' failed, its theory was excellent, too good for the nineteenth century. Its founders were noble men and women, but they left out of account that important factor '' Human nature.' They indeed tried to live a better life, ahd to return to a simpler state of society, which they fondly fancied to be that of the ' natural man.' But the melancholy truth is, ' the natural man ' does not love his brother — he eats him. (Hence) George Ripley and his faithful followers went forth into a stormy, jeering world, poor, sorrowful, but unconvinced. In the Brook Farm Community we find two forces in operation — one that formed it, and another which destroyed it. Do these opposite forces inhere in man ? If they do, then man can create communities, and also destroy them, whenever he wills to do so. On looking into man, we find, that he in common with all animals has an emotional life represented by the propensities. And that he has also an emotional life represented by manifestations of justice, benevolence, mercy and aspirations after, and a growth into these divine attributes. Of this dual emotional life, the Apostle remarked : ' I feel a law, a force in my members, warring against the law of my mind, etc.' All human manifestations refer themselves to these laws ; whether they create a community having goods in common, or destroy such an order of things, whether they bring forth peace on earth, or war with all its horrors. Man creates his own social conditions, and is the subject of the inspirations he yields himself to obey. At present, the preponderance of the animal in man renders the formation of communities having goods in common all but impossible. Even those who yield themselves to obey the inspirations of the higher law will from time to time — as Hawthorne did —' feel the old Adam reviving within them.' Therefore, those who will be the disciples of the Divine Teacher will have to do as the '' Master ' did and as Paul did — bear a daily cross, otherwise there can be no releasement from the bondage of the propensities, and the social conditions incident thereto. 148 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Man stands between the heavens and the Hells If he wills to have the help of the former, he will have to be an earnest worker, and work up hill all the time. The law of the life of the propensities is, ' The love of self at the expense of others.' The law of the higher life, ' is the love of others, at the expense of self.' The latter law, when in operation, creates communities having goods in common; when they fail it is because the former law prevails. The mystery of living the higher — the divine — life while on earth ishere unfolded: The higher law does not manufacture communal life out of the earthly one, nor from its conditions; but creates all things anew according to the law of the higher emotional life in man. Fulfilling that remarkable prophecy—-Jer. 51, 21, etc.: '• That not a stone for a foundation nor for a corner could be accepted from the lower life, in rearing the social structures appropriate to the higher one.' The correspondent of the Standard states: ' Man does not love his brother — he eats him.' Is this not true politically ? And under the competitive system do not men swallow one another up? Is not commercial cannibalism a leading force in all the cities of Christendom ? The unrestrained action of the propensities from the eating of huge mounds of buckwheat cakes to the criminal extravagances of Delmonico's, the absorbing speculations of the merchant, and the exploits of the warrior, are at variance with the beneficent procedure of communal life. A community, to be alive and growing, must be beneficent. If it cares but for itself, it will die. There is nothing that arrests the action of the higher life among men, and so destructive of personal and social progress as is war. Under its power men become demoniacal machines — give themselves up body and soul for destructive purposes. It seems that the morality of individuals and of nations was based only on their ability to conquer, hold and monopolize land, and hence, to vitiate the conditions of human equality — creating classes and castes among men. The writer lately had a visit with one of the survivors of the Brook Farm Community. It was refreshing to hear the testimony : ' that George Ripley and his companions sought the elevation of the lowly, and that social privileges and distinctions were alike open to all.' All honor to the Brook Farm Communists whether in the land of souls, or still in the body. They honored themselves, Massachusetts and humanity. Happy day, when men and women will fulfill all righteousness, while doing '' that which is right in their own eyes.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.