THE ZODIACAL CONSTELLATIONS LUCY S. BOWERS The sun and the stars move on in their course, Nor fail the full race to pursue; And give unto all of their undimming light, And beauty which ever seems new. With knowledge acute of their mystical ways, The astronomer follows them still, As on through the depths of the twilight they go, Their mission of years to fulfill. The ancients of yore on the Chaldean plains, Watched nightly the stars in their train— As earth rolling over retreated from light, While they glittered, again and again. Their clusterings appeared to their fancy or mind, To measure the lapse of earth's time, And each constellation full well symbolized, The season through which they might shine. Their harvest, their winter, and spring time were all Made known by the signs in the sky ; Which rising aloft in the orient light, Would set when their season passed by. * * * * The Sun enters Aris, the Ram of the sky, 'Mid frost, and mid storms that are cold; But the Spring, Equinox in its vernal array, Is the glory it seeks to unfold. Bright April approaching, with Taurus to reign, Replenished is earth at its dawn : The steer, and the hind, and blossom appear, Held sacred in days that are gone. The world turneth o'er, and the sunmoveth on, Until Gemini brilliantly shines; Then superabundantly treasures are given, And rich are their varied designs. 'Neath Cancer we live, in delights that will pass In beauties known only to June ; But the Crab moving back continues the round, Though this solstice comes always too soon. Now thirsty and panting with fever an^ heat, The Lion, his jungles will leave; And forth to the banks ef the river doth go, Of water so sweet to receive. 'Tis thus represented, July cometh on, When Leo is fair just above ;— The day-breeze is sultry the dew scarcely falls, But his reign we admire and love. The Waterman comes with his measure of tears, And long does he give of his store, But Aquarius i.pw in the oxidant sky Reminds that his reigning is o'er. And slowly the streams now give of their life* For Pisces is bright in its dawn ; Rich gifts for sustaining1 the hungry, who Would have famished e'er winter had gone. Thus the Sun goeth on in his unceasing round, And fair is his star-lighted way, Whose time the sidereal letters record, And betoken the dawn of each day. So the scenes of the Zodiac, one after one, Successive in beauty appear ; The subjects of interest, study and praise, As they teach us their lessons of cheer. O Queen of the harvest so wealthy and fair What gleams lit thy journey along, Thy golden array is a burden of worth And the sound of the reaper thy song. Thus Virgo — the Virgin—shines brightly aloft, And calm is her lingering night, When fading away in the distance afar, We instead view the Balance of light. 'Tis.Libra the giver of justice unfeigned, Though divider of sunshine and shade Which measured to earth all alike may observe, Equilibrium perfectly made. October adorned with rich clusters of fruit, Is more lavish than temperate or wise, And the Scorpion soon of his bounty bereft, Kecedes at the loss of his prize. The leaf gently falls and November near by, The rabbit his home must inlay, For the Archer abroad tells this secret to all, Sagittarius is after his prey. The Goat which ascends the high mountainous rocks, Is the emblem of Winter so drear, But the sun climbing up from his solstice of ice, Makes Capricorn brightly appear. Explanation: To the Egyptians, the stars as clustered together represented different productions of nature in those seasons over which they seemed to preside. Thus the Spring signs, Aris.Taurus, Gemini were distinguished for the production of such animals, as were held in the highest esteem. The third month being the most abundant, was represented by Gemini. When the sun enters the fourth sign, it retrogrades or begins to move toward the south pole, which motion is represented by Cancer, the Crab, which often runs backward. The heat, which follows in the next month, is denoted by the Lion, which at this season impelled by thirst leaves the desert and visits the banks of the Nile; August or harvest time is characterized by a Virgin, or female reaper, bearing an ear of corn. When the sun enters Libra the days and nights are equal all over the world, and seems to observe an equilibrium, like a balance. Autumn, which produces fruits, brings with it a variety of diseases; and this season is denoted by the venomous Scorpion, which is thought to wound with its sting as it receded. The fall of the leaf was the season for hunting ; which is represented by a huntsman or Archer. The Goat, which delights in clambering, is the emblem of the Winter solstice, when the sun begins to ascend from the southern tropic. Aquarius is represented by the figure of a man po uring out water from an urn,an emblem of the watery or uncomfortable season of Winter. The Fish, the twelfth or last sign, denotes the fishing season; the severity of the season being over, and the flocks not affording sustenance, the seas and rivers were then opened and abounded with fish. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.