FLATTERY MARTHA J. ANDERSON Beware of the flatterer's wiles! Many an innocent and confiding person has been drawn from the path of rectitude and virtue by the bland smiles and words of seductive flattery. ' How handsome are your gaudy wings, how brilliant are your eyes,' said the artful spider to the foolish fly, he was trying to ensnare. In that little fable lies a good moral which all young people would do well to heed. Flattery, like a cunning serpent, is as sure to sting as charm, they who carry it on their lips, bear the invective in their hearts. The fawning sycophant always proves the betrayer of confidence, love and trust, and should be shunned by all who would sacredly guard their virtue and honor. Vain adulation stimulates vanity and self-love. The person who is marked as the central attraction in society, and becomes the main object of blandishment and praise, often proves a most disagreeable and unlovely member of the household ; because human nature, nurtured in the unreal and superficial1, rises above just and honest criticism of actual faults which exist in the character, despite external charms ; and the reproof of genuine friendship is too often resented with contempt and sullen anger. 'Praised abroad and scolded at home,' retorted an indolent beauty, whose young life poured out on the stream of folly, lashion and dissipation, overleaped the curb and restraint of parental reproof. But, are not parents often the most to blame? The child is petted and pampered in self-will; pride and vanity is cultivated in the extreme gaiety of attire. And surrounding friends, anxious to court favor, bestow undue praise on the young aspirant, whose own precocious nature needs but a spark to fan the flame that shall consume every particle of modesty and virtue, that might, under other circumstances, be unfolded in real beauty and worth. ' There is no faithfulness in him who useth the tongue of flattery.' The honest man and woman choose not vain words to vindicate their friendship. The 'truth revealed in their inward parts,' comes forth in plainness of speech ; such stand upon the solid ground of unimpeachable integrity. They do not always please, but ever prove the best and truest friends in adversity, as well as prosperity The scriptures abound with moral instruction concerning the evil effect of flattery,as well as the good effects of reproof, when it is accepted in the right spirit. It would be well for the young to turn their active minds and unfolding faculties in right channels of thought. To search out the words of wisdom and truth, given for guidance and direction in paths of wisdom, peace and abiding happiness, leaving forever all frivolous, foolish thoughts and imaginations of fleeting evanescent life, for things real and substantial, and strive earnestly to culti-f THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 153 vate these principles that shall form a character embodying truth, sincerity and uprightness of purpose and action.