Agricultural HORNLESS CATTLE A farmer who owns forty-seven head of hornless cattle gives in the Western Rural his reasons for preferring them. He says: ' First they are about as harmless as a flock of sheep ; second, sheep, colts and horses can run in the same pasture or yard, and drink out of the same tank, with perfect safety; third, it is sometimes necessary to milk in a storm, and I have only to open the cow-stable door and twelve cows will not take more room than three pairs of horns ; fourth, a straw rick two rods long and twenty feet wide will make a first-rate shelter for thirty head of young mulley stock; for they will soon have the rick shelved all around, lie down like so many hogs, and be comfortable under the edges of the stack, while six pairs of horns could hardly be accommodated on the same territory. I never have had my horses wounded, or colts, sheep, calves, children, women, or men tossed upon mulley-bull's horns. My stock are descendants of the old English red mulley breed.' WATERING HORSES If after feeding hay and then oats we allow a horse to take a large drink of water, a considerable part of the oats will be carried by the water into the intestines, and he get little of the advantage of feeding the oats after the hay. If such a drink is taken soon after eating hay alone, the effect will not be so injurious, because hay does not need so long a time for digestion as grain. If only one or two quarts of water are allowed, it will pass the food in the stomach without changing its position to any great extent. When the stomach has got rid of a considerable portion of its contents, it seems a difficult matter for it to force out the remainder, and fermentation and colic sometimes result. A drink of water at such a time, by carrying on the substance which has remained long enough, relieves the condition. This probably explains why some horse-car companies have found it advisable to have their horses watered at midnight.— Rail's Journal of Health A farmer at Tremont, near New York city, offers this as a sure cure for potato bugs... A farmer at Tremont, near New York city, offers this as a sure cure for potato bugs : Dissolve one ounce of saltpetre, two ounces of alum and half a pound of the commonest brown soap in three gallons of water, and sprinkle with a watering pot over the growing plants. A Nebraska Custom that Should be Adopted in Every State and Territory One of the most poetical, as well as practical, official papers of the succession of messages and manifestoes that the year has brought forth, is the proclamation of the Governor of Nebraska, wherein he appoints the second Wednesday of April as Arbor Day. Governor Nance sees the beautiful as well as the useful side of this custom, and almost forgets the precise diction of official documents and falls into more elegant phraseology. The people are enjoined to leave their business, to forsake the shop, the plow, the mill, to forget trade and agriculture, for one day, and to plant trees. ' Let it be remembered,' the proclamation concludes, 'that those who plant trees build living monuments to their own industry, and are benefactors of mankind, while benefiting themselves.' Helena Herald A piece of charcoal put in the water in which codfish or cabbage is boiling will... A piece of charcoal put in the water in which codfish or cabbage is boiling will destroy all disagreeable smell. If you have a piece of tough meat to cook, rub it over with carbonate of soda or vinegar before cooking, wipe it off and your meat will cook tender instead of tough. Cement FOR Leather One who has tried every thing says that after an experience of fifteen years he has found nothing to equal the following as a cement for leather belting: Common glue and isinglass, equal parts, soaked for ten hours in just enough water to cover them. Bring gradually to a boiling heat, and add pure tannin until the whole becomes ropy or appears like the white of eggs- Buff off the surfaces to be joined, apply this cement, and clamp firmly.