GEMS OF THOUGHT Do not, as you hope for success, spend your time in idleness. Flattery is a false coin which has circulation only through our vanity. Conscience is the voice of the soul; the passions are the voice of the body. Men seldom improve when they have no other models than themselves to copy. You cannot dream yourself into a character ; you must hammer and forge yourself one. To be comfortable and contented, spend less than you can earn, an art which few have learned. The first time a man deceives you, the fault is his ; if he deceives you the second time, the fault is your own. We appreciate no pleasures unless we are occasionally deprived of them. Eestraint is the golden rule of enjoyment. Civility is in itself a fortune, for a courteous man always succeeds in life, even when persons of greater ability sometimes fail. Good temper is like a sunny day ; it sheds a brightness over every thing ; it is the sweetener of toil and the soother of disquietude. There is a pleasure in contemplating good; there is a greater pleasure in receiving good ; but the greatest pleasure is doing good, which comprehends the rest. Every man carries about with him a touchstone, if he will make use of it, to distinguish substantial gold from superficial glittering, truth from appearance. Give us sincere friends, or none. This hollow glitter of smiles and words — compliments that mean nothing — protestations of affection as solid as the froth from champagne — invitations that are but pretty sentences, uttered because .such things are all worthless. There are treasures laid up in the heart — treasures of charity, piety, temperance and soberness. These treasures a man takes with him beyond death, when he leaves this world. Were we to take as much pains to be what we ought to be as we do to disguise what we really are, we might appear like ourselves, without being at the trouble of any disguise at all. There is no fortune so good but that it may be reversed, and none so bad but it may be bettered. The sun that rises in clouds may set in splendor, and that which rises in pleasure may set in gloom. It should be pointed out with continual earnestness that the essence of lying is in deception, not in words ; a.lie may be told by silence, by equivocation, by the accent on a syllable, by a glance of the eye attaching a peculiar significance to a sentence. Be true to yourself, and enemies cannot harm you. They cannot, by all their efforts, take away your knowledge of yourself, the purity of your motives, the integrity of your character, and the generosity of your nature I would not give much for your religion unless it can be seen. Lamps do not talk, but they do shine. A light house sounds no drum, it beats no gong, and yet far over the waters its friendly spark is seen by the mariner. So let your action shine out your religion. Let the main sermon of your life be illustrated by your conduct, and it shall not fail to be illustrious. Closely related to the matter of morals is that of manners; indeed, a man's moral character influences largely his manner toward others, and if we possess the self-respect that comes from our following our convictions of right, we shall naturally become pleasant and thoughtful in our relations with those about us. Still we are liable to be careless even when our intentions are the best. Politeness costs nothing. It is a small thing to be kind and obliging but these little things will make many friends in early life, and the habit of politeness, when once well formed, will be of great advantage to us in after years.