Mt. Lebanon, June 5, 1881 F. W. Evans Mt. Lebanon, June 5, 1881 J. Warren Burrington : Respected Friend:—Your letter of May 28 at hand. I am always pleased to meet people who have, at least, one idea of reform. In the revelation of St. John, it is stated that the number of the beast was 666 — the letters composing an evil to which humanity is subject. If there has to be that number of reforms to redeem humanity, for each one we should be thankful. You have found a very important reform. If true to it, it will lead you into all truth — all the re forms — 666. Moses taught physiology: ' The Lord your God shall take all sickness away from the midst of you.' Jesus healed the sick, enjoining, 'Go and sin no more.' Ann Lee put the axe to the root of disease,the king of evils ¦— prostitution of man's creative powers. There is not among all the lusts of flesh and mind, one to be compared with the THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 155 sexual lust. Conquer that, and you need not fear any of the crew of evils that curse the race. As cutting off a dog's head cures him of sheep killing, so does the resurrection effected by the Christ Spirit cure natural men and women of the lusts of body and mind. It kills them dead, and then raises them up again. ' I kill and I make alive —I wound and I heal.' Except a man hate his own (generative) life, he cannot have the life of Christ. This is Shakerism. It came first to Gentiles, who previously had no reform in diet, generation, property or social organization. The Jews possessed the most radical reform in all those departments: In diet, manna/ in generation, sexual commerce once in three years to beget a child, then three years before 'it was weaned, during which time entire abstinence was the rule; in property, land, clothing,food,houses orients — in common. For forty years these conditions existed among a million of people, more or less. The first step .the captive Jews in Egypt took was to make unleavened bread — ' Shem bread ' — that would keep. It was good wheat, mixed with water, baked so hard that they ' break ' it — hence 'breaking of bread.' Can you break leavened bread composed of superfine vvheaten flour from the Rochester Mills? No more than you could break paste. The teeth are not needed to eat such bread. Dentists remove them as useless. Cows fed upon distilleryslops shed their teeth as of no use in manufacturing milk from such materials. Soft food and ten minutes to gulp it down makes modern Christians, who believe any thing the priest prepares, as they eat what the cook concocts: A trinity, an atonement, resurrection of their physical bodies, etc., etc.; that a king can do no wroug; that one man, like Joseph in Egypt, may rightfully buy all the land of the nation ; that women are not citizens— have no rights man is bound to respect — their mental and physical stomachs are like an India rubber bag, or an omnibus, never full, and never digest what is put into it. The man who was born all along shore and my instruction will be, to you, somewhat alike in definiteness and concentration. At first, Wisdom leads her children by crooked ways and brings fear and dread upon them, torments them with her discipline, and afflicts them with unwelcome truths, until she has tried them by her laws and proved them by her injunctions and can trust their souls; then she turns the straight way unto them, comforts them and shows them her secrets. Seek first the kingdom of heaven, for which you have so long been praying. It is somewhere upon the earth. When you find it seek its righteousness — not any thing else — for the kingdom of heaven is as a net cast into the sea—good and bad fish are in it — truth and error — right and wrong — chaff and wheat. Then shall they return and discern between the precious and the vile—between him that serveth God and him that serveth Him not. This will require thought, discrimination, understanding of principles — Faith, Hope and Love. Respectfully,