THOROUGH STUDY OF THE BIBLE In order to understand the Bible we will have to study it carefully. I was told in California that the purest and best gold that they get they have to dig the deepest for ; and so in studying the Bible, we must dig deep. And there are a great manj' Christians walking on crutches in their Bible studying. They do not dare to examine for themselves. They go wondering what others say, what Kd wards says, what the commentators say. Suppose you look and see for yourselves. God has given you your own mind to use. If we will go to the Word of God and be willing to be taught by the Holy Ghost, God will teach us, and will unfold His blessed truth to us. There are three books that every Christian ought to have if he cannot have but three. The first is a Bible — one with good plain print that you can easily read. I am sick of these little fine type. It is a good thing to get a good-sized Bible, because you will grow old by and by, and your sight may grow poor, and you won't want to give up the one you have been used to reading in after it has come to seem like a sort of lifelong companion. The next book to get is ''Cruden's Concordance.' You cannot get on very well in Bible study without that. There is another book printed in this country by the Tract Society called the ' Scriptural Text-Book.' It was brought out first in London. These three books will be a wonderful help to you in studying the Word of God. Another thing — do not read the Word of God as I used to, just to ease your conscience. I had a rule to read two or three chapters every day. If I had not done it through the day, I would read them just before I went to bed, to ease my conscience. I did not remember it perhaps an hour, but I kept the rule. You will never' get much out of it in that way. It is a good way to hunt for something when you read it. Two words will give you the key to the whole Bible — Christ and Jesus. The Christ of the Old Testament is the Jesus of the New, and the two Books explain each other. Yon may search for these words in your study. Sometime ago I went through the building where Prang's chromos are 'produced in Boston. They were bringing out a chromo of a prominent public man, and he showed me this picture in its different stages of progress. In the first stone there was no trace of a man's face — only a little tinge of color that did not suggest any shape. I saw the next stone, and still no face, and the third, and so on, and not until the fourth or fifth stone was there any likeness of a face at all. After a little it began to show, and yet not until I came to the 14th or 15th stone did it look at all like the man himself; and not until the 26th stone did it look natural as life. That is the way it is when we read the Scripture. We take it up and do not see any thing in it ; we read it again, but see nothing; again, and again, and after you have read it 25 times you will see the man Christ Jesus stamped on every page. The Old Testament was written only to teach us who Christ was. Moses, the law, the prophets, they all testify to Christ. You take Christ out of the Old Testament and it 160 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. is a sealed book to you. It has been a great help to me in studying the Bible to study one book at a time. Suppose you spend six months reading Genesis ; getting the key of that, you get the key to the whole Bible. Death, resurrection, and the whole story are told in Genesis ; all in types, to be sure, and shadows that are brought out further on. There are eight great beginnings in Genesis — the beginning of creation, the beginning of marriage, the beginning of sin and death, of sacrifices, of the covenant, of the nation, and the human race and the Hebrew race. Take up these eight beginnings and see what they teach, and this key will unlock to you the rest of the Bible. If you just take the Bible itself alone, without any other book to help you to interpret it, one passage will explain another. Instead of running after the interpretations of different men, let God interpret it to your soul. As Stephens said: Do not study it in the blue light of Presbyterianism, or the red light of Methodism, or the violet light of Episcopalianism, but study it in the light of Calvary. One man says,' I am a Romanist, and it has got to teach what Romanism teaches ; another says, I am a Protestant, and it has got to teach me what Protestantism teaches.' Take it up independent of these, and after you have dug its meaning out for yourself it will be so much sweeter to you. Another way is to take it up topically. Suppose you spend three or four months reading all you can find about love, after that you will be full of love. Then take the word grace, and run through the Bible reading all there is about grace. After I had been studying grace for two or three weeks, I got so full that one day I could not stay in my study any longer, and went out on the street, and asked the first man I saw if he knew any thing about the grace of God. I suppose he thought I was crazy, but I was so full I had to talk to somebody. Then the subject of Heaven. Take up the Bible and let God speak to you about it. If you go into court you will find that the lawyer just gets all the testimony he can on one point, and he heaps it before the jury. If you want to convince men of any grand truth, just stick to that one point. Take up the Word and get all the testimony yov can ; bring in Moses, and David, and Joshua, and every apostle you can, and make them testify. If you read all the Bible says of forgiveness, before you have studied it a week you will want to forgive every one.