UNCHRISTIAN ANTAGONISMS We received, recently, a letter from a friend, from which we make the following extract: 'I subscribed for The Manifesto to learn of your principles. I have found much to admire, and but little to object to. I, however, take strong objections to your doctrine of Celibacy, as being at variance with nature, etc.' Thus we have the repetition of the same old, olden story. Preferences to remain on the lower, animal plane, are to be regarded with a respect due their value. Desires and aspirations for a resurrection of life, in this world, will at the same time be in order, and will command the respect of those who plead against Celibacy as an unnatural observance — and a respect too, that needs somewhat of repelling, 15G THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. else it becomes adoration, for virgin Celibacy brings its own sufficient reward. Now we see standing afar in the distance, not only individuals, but churches, who wish, that with all the good and glory and worldly honor they have, that they might also have added-the exceeding weight of glory of the 'celibate for the kingdom of heaven's sake.' It is singular, yet easily apparent, that men and women single out this Christly practice to abstain from it: They may abhor War, and love Peace; they may give abundantly to the poor, even to stripping their own estates to a condition of pauperism for that purpose ; they may shut themselves out from mingling with the busy, worldly, political world in order the better to imitate the beautiful master and exampler, Christ; but they cannot afford to forego the pleasures of the licenses of marriage, and all the indulgences which the marital rite covers, antagonistic to genuine, radical Christianity. From our friend's letter we quote further: ' I find but very few churches or individuals who are willing, and do take Jesus Christ as an example for their life in this world, believing it to be inexpedient.' Hence, the decline of Christianity in its pristine glory! Truly, very few are willing, however 'able,' to submit to the eunuchizing process recommended by the Christ for all ' who are able.' The sum is this: Those who arc able to follow Christ, as Christ lived in Celibacy, and who do so willingly, will have the simple, but rich rewards which such a life will bear, without Fail; and such rewards are envied by the same unwilling, antagonistic enemies to the true Christ life. Now, the questions to all desiring to bo genuine Christian communicants are, ' Are you able to accept and live Christ's lifer 'Are you willing to do so? ' Upon this ability or non-ability, willingness or unwillingness depends immortal results. What though 'but few ' are found who will live Christ! This is the worldly apology for living unchristly.—' I do not want to appear odd in the world — not only that but I like the present effects of a worldly life!' As before, the world is ready for a change from war to more peaceful relations; ready for a more humanitarian, communistic relation among fellow men ; ready for less worldliness in every other respect, barring the pleasures of the flesh. There are springing up in New York city, and elsewhere, societies and secret organizations for the expulsion from the wearing apparel, of the entire households of all gold, pearl, and glittering ornaments. Pkidb gets a clubbing, and we hope, to its destruction, apparent to those who will not to destroy it. Everywhere, among all Christians, so-called denominations, are seen, and heard, and felt the benign influences of peace—in direct opposition to the introduction of wae, by Constantine, as a proselyting method. Hope wafts triumphantly in this. Intemperance— than which there can be no greater bane to Christian influences—is receiving attention, although as yet undue attention, from its special advocates. Just here let it be understood that In temperance can never be suppressed; but it can be supplanted by the general THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 157 principles of self-denial, which are largely covered by a Celibate life. Whoever lives a celibate life, must, not simply will, be very temperate in eating, drinking, and generally. We are aware that the churches commonly have introduced as sacraments many elements antagonistic to the Christ life: Marriage is one; Private property is two; Worldly pre-eminence is three; and from these three mentioned we have the results of continual disturbances. We know, at present, but few are willing to stop long enough to think; but we have tried to condense Christian requirements in so short a space that ' he who runs may read,' and use sufficient selfdenial to withstand in a measure the unnatural, unchristian influences prevailing. ¦