The Children's Grotto GETTING UP A QUARREL In the depths of a forest lived two foxes who never had a cross word with each other. At length one of them said to the other, ' Let us quarrel.'' '' Very well,' said the other, ' as you please, dear brother; but how shall we set about it?' ' Oh,' said the first, ' it cannot be difficult; two-legged people fall out, and why should not we ? ' They tried all sorts of ways, but could not succeed, because one would always give way to the other. At last one of them brought two stones. ' There,' said he, ' you must say they are yours and I will say they are mine, and then we will quarrel and fight and scratch each other. Now I will begin. Those stones are mine!' 'Very well,' said the other, ' you are welcome to them.' ' But we will never quarrel in this way,' said the first; ' don't you know it takes two to make a quarrel ? ' If all the boys and girls would do as the foxes did, what peace, harmony and love would prevail. Children, if others want to quarrel and fight let them do it all alone. If you never help them they will soon get sick of the business. DO THY LITTLE Do thy little — God has made Million leaves for forest shade — Smallest stars that glory bring. God emyloyeth every thins:. Then the little thou hast done — Little battles thou hast won ; Little masteries achieved. Little wants with care relieved, Little words in love expressed, Little wrongs at once confessed, Little favors kindly done. Little toils thou didst not shun, Little graces meekly worn, Little slights with patience borne — Those shall crown thy pillowed head, Holy light upon thee shed. Those are treasures that shall rise Far beyond the smiling skies. And the Boy was Right . — A bright little boy who had been engaged in combat with another boy. was reproved by his aunt, who told him he ought always to wait until the other boy ' pitched upon him.' ' Well,'' exclaimed the little hero, ' but if I wait for the other boy to begin I'm afraid there won't be any fight.' Venerable churchwarden carrying around the bag for collection... Venerable churchwarden carrying around the bag for collection. Frantic scream of terror from a small child who has a lively remembrance of the traitor apostle : 'Oh, mamma, mamma ! Here's Judas coming !'