CIRCUMCISION AND BEARDS F. W. EVANS In the primitive church, certain men taught the brethren : ' Except ye be circumcised, ye cannot be saved.' Acts 15. Paul and Barnabas controverted this position. The result was, a delegation of the disputants went up to .Jerusalem — to the church — to argue the case. Speeches were delivered pro and con. The Jerusalem church was composed of Jews, who had ever been taught, from their youth up, that circumcision was a seal of salvation, making a 350 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. distinction — a line of demarcation — between the people of God and the 'world of ungodly Gentiles. Probably there never was an external rite that had more internal virtues attached to it. In truth, the Jew conceived it as a separating act from the heathen or Gentile. Was it any wonder that the Apostles should require Gentile converts to be circumcised, on pain of eternal damnation ? They made a strong case ; but there was a stronger than they — a stronger power than they possessed. Peter had been disciplined unto this very work. ' When Peter was come up to Jerusalem, they of the circumcision — Apostles and brethren — contended with him, saying, Thou wentest into men uncircumcised and didst eat with them.' Acts 11. Peter rehearsed the whole matter of his vision, coincident with the vision of Cornelius — how angels brought them, Jew and Gentile, together, when the Holy Ghost fell on them, as on us at the beginning ;' from which he thus concluded : ' Forasmuch, then, as God gave them the same gift as He did unto us, who believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, what was I that I could withstand God ?' The Apostles and brethren concluded: 'Then hath God also to the Gentiles granted repentance unto life.' Thus the point was settled that the gospel was as free to Gentiles as to Jews. Gentiles could be saved, but on what conditions, was the question nest in order? The disciples, who had been Pharisees, said, the Gentiles must first become Jews in order to become Christians — they must be circumcised or they could not be saved. It was by facts, not words nor desires, that the first point had been settled. The Gentiles, while in uncircumcised condition, were blessed of God — received spiritual gifts, just as did those who had been circumcised— the Holy Ghost making no distinction between them on that account. It decided that circumcision or uncircumcision was nothing but a new life—change of character. How this decision came across the life-long habits of thought of the Apostles and brethren — the church — we can easily imagine, by what is transpiring in our own day, subject to our own observation. We have Jerusalem churches in all our societies of Shakers, composed of apostles and brethren, who have, like the Jerusalem church, borne the burden and heat of the day. They shaved while in the world, before the gospel reached them, just as they used alcoholic drinks, ate pork, smoked and chewed tobacco, and did many other things not now allowableThese habits became, to them, sanctified, by being incorporated with true gospel faith and practice. At this time, when persons ' are being called into the gospel who do not choose to shave — did not shave while in the world, but who are good believers in all things else, the question comes up, Can they be saved except they shave ? This is the question that conscientious novitiate elders and brethren of the gathering families are sending up to the churches — the old believers— to settle. As in the other case, in the primitive church, God has settled it before and for them, the Holy Ghost having been just as free to give gifts to the unshaved as to the shaved. In all things they have been, and are, approved by the powers of the world to come. Will not the shaving believers call to mind the words of Peter : ' What was I that I should withstand God ?' In the most serious political situation of our country — the choice of a chief magistrate — if the nation be saved from anarchy and confusion, resulting from the strife of parties for the offices — pre-eminence — it will be by leading minds in the losing party rising superior to party selfishness and private ambition, and uniting with the winning party, upon statesman-like principles, to build up the government, as conserving the good which has been gradually accumulating for generations past, through the labors and sufferings of patriots, humanitarians and true reformers. Such men may be republicans or democrats, but, above all, they are American citizens, seeking thewel fare of the human race by working out a perfect civil government on this continent. How much union there is in this object may be seen by comparing the platforms of principles and measures issued by republicans and democrats before the election. They were well-nigh identical. It is doubtful whether the sovereign people could tell, at the end of four years, which had been their chief THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 151 magistrate, a republican or a democrat, if the name could be concealed. It is a strife between tlie ins and outs, clean cut 'Let us have peace and a President!' is the people's cry, March 1st, 'no new election, no delay, no filibustering to gratify partisan feeling or personal jealousy and revenge, for men who will thus act have no business in Washington as legislators.' Judgment begins at the house of God. If the people of God, unto whom Christ has appeared a second time, without sin, unto salvation, cannot increase with the increase of God from faith to faith, through the seven travels by which they, being Gentiles by descent, habit and thought, shall progress up out of the labyrinth of error — the corruptions that are in the world through the lusts of generation, of property and digestion — to the law that in itself, when divested of traditions, comments and interpretations, is pure and holy, so much so that heaven and earth would both pass away and be no more, as easy and as certain as the law upon which they rest could pass away. The natural comes first. Unless we do right in food, generation and property, there is no use multiplying wards about salvation in this world or any other. The marriage of the lamb and bride means a union of the law and gospel — this, and nothing else. Certainly it was not the marriage of Jesus and Ann, according to our first childish thoughts, as first cycle theologians. The Gentiles, as such, have in them the seven plagues, or forms of evil, that are to be revealed by light and removed by power in the seven travels of the church — the seven cycles of John the Revelator. The Gentile mother-church must be clothed in fine linen — in garments of needlework, in wrought gold — great persistent labor and toil — in the physiological righteousness of Jewish saints. All the conservatism of human nature, as exhibited in the ante-diluvians, in the Egyptians, in stiff-necked, rebellious Israel, in the Jews who stoned the prophets and killed those whom the Christ Spirit had sent unto them, who crucified Jesus before and after He left the body, put to cruel deaths all the twelve Apostles, inaugurated a century of martyrdoms, followed the two witnesses for twelve hundred and sixty years, until Ann Lee arose, a mother in Israel, and a civil government was established that bound the dragon of church and State, by separating civil and ecclesiastical governments — all that conservatism is in the present people of God, the Shakers. They must be overcomers in all these respects, as none before them have been — must be baptized into the spirit of truth as to rise above educational prejudice and prepossessions, personal, petty jealousies and self-seeking gratifications of the physical senses, or of the mind — must have God in all their thoughts until salvation be their song and progressive redemption their life-long desire and effort, being circumcised in heart and spirit, cut off from the earth, knowing no man nor woman after the flesh, all things being created anew and all things of God. Would not such souls cease to mutilate them, cease to shave, as the Jewish converts ceased to mutilate each other, by ceasing to teach, preach or practice circumcision ? Is not the habit of shaving as truly a bodily mutilation, as being made eunuchs of men ? And as an unphysiological, disease-producing practice, is it not more dangerous, and far more revolting to the outward sight of normal Jews, than was circumcision ? ADDENDA: First Pentecostal,Church. This church, being composed of Jews, assumed that Gentiles had no part nor lot in the matter — could not become Christians. After the Holy Spirit decided otherwise, and convinced, first, Peter, then the whole Jerusalem church, that Gentiles could become good Christians, the same as Jews, the second idea was, that Gentiles could not become Christians unless they were circumcised, the Jewish converts not perceiving that circumcision was but an external rite, pointing toward a life of Christian celibacy, and that when the substance had come the type was used up. The Holy Spirit and church at Jerusalem decided that Gentiles need not be circumcised. Second Pentecostal Chtikcii. This, being composed of Gentiles, who 152 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. had been accustomed to shaving as the Jews had been accustomed to circumcision, decided at first that Jewish converts must be shaved or they could not be taken into union. Have not the Holy Spirit and this Gentile church as good a right to revoke that decision as the Holy Spirit and Jerusalem church had to change from the first idea — that Gentiles could not be saved at all — and the second idea — that, if saved, they must be circumcised ?