PRIDE ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE There is much truth contained in the proverb that ' pride goeth before destruction and a haughty spirit before a fall;' and also that '' pride and anger were not made for man.' The question has been asked, and with much propriety: Why should mortal man be proud ? What does he possess that he has not received from sources outside of and beyond himself? When we view the helpless infant rocked in the cradle, or folded in its mother's arms, and see how it requires assistance every hour, its very life depending upon aid thus rendered, we are forced to acknowledge the indebtedness due to those who tenderly nurture and care for us through all the infantile years. As time rolls on, physical strength increases, thoughts mature and expand, and the care of parents and guardians grows less, until we conclude to venture out upon the sea of life for ourselves, in a vessel of our own choosing — if circumstances will permit —and sail upon smooth waters when we can, and toss upon the rolling billows when we must, and breast the fierce winds and rude storms as best we may, while steer ing for the port we have set out to gain. Whatever our aspirations may be, and whichever way we bend our course, we are dependent upon the forces of nature or providence to aid and direct, without which our own efforts would be ineffectual. Unaided human effort cannot effect much, THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 149 but co-operative action with seen and unseen forces, when in harmony with written and unwritten laws, are oftentimes marvelous in results ; success or failure is largely due to relations thus sustained. If the fullest success attend us in our life pursuits, still, of what shall we boast? Or why should we be proud or lifted up ? We cannot say to this agency or that, I have no need of thee. Philosophers, astronomers and geologists, together with wealth and pleasure-seekers, have had pioneers who preceded them, and have their compeers at the present time. If modern science, through various instrumentalities, has produced improved methods of attaining desired results, in the study of the stellar regions or in the accumulation of knowledge and wealth by analysis of minerals and soils, it, is the product of many minds, and of persistent and persevering effort; but, if such attainments are applied to the earth life only, they are of short du ration as far as individuals are concerned, for, as has been truthfully said, ' it is, seemingly, but a step from the cradle to the grave.' If the desire of the heart be unselfish, and the ruling purpose of our life work is directed to benefit humanity and to leave the world wiser, richer and better for our sojourn in it, then our existence in therudimental sphere will prove a blessing, and will call forth gratitude free from self-exaltation. If such be our aim, we shall be apt to make a clean record during our pilgrimage here, and to gain a clear title to an inheritance in the world of realities beyond. As we are perfectly dependent when we first open our eyes upon material objects in the mundane sphere, so are we also helpless and dependent when we pass out of it into other states of existence, and, without doubt, myriads of souls who pass out of this world, and are born into spirit life, are as helpless as is the infant when ushered into being here, and as ignorant of the laws which govern that land, and of the dwellers there, and will require as much attention at the hands of nurturing,guiding and disciplinary paternity there as here before they become sufficiently developed to act, with discretion, for themselves. Ah! how little we know of the vast future, of its boundless stores of knowledge and wealth, now hidden from our view, to be revealed in the fullness of time. How vague are our thoughts and incomplete our understanding concerning the designs of the Creator in regard to the worlds of mind and mat' ter revolving in unmeasured space! The more we realize this truth the more we shall feel our inability to act independently and the less disposed to glory in our own attainments, whether of greater or less magnitude. Pride, fostered in the human heart, has decoyed and deceived many. One of the inspired prophets of olden time said: ' Though thou exaltest thyself as the eagle, and though thou makest thy nest among the stars, thence will I bring thee down, saith the Lord.' Righteousness exalteth individuals and nations. When we launch our vessels upon time's broad ocean, should we unfurl truth's banner, bearing the inscription ' Honesty and Justice,' and firmly resolve never to sail under another ensign, we would find in the end that we had secured a name and place, better and more enduring than any potentate of earth could give or receive, or that wealth could procure. We should be carried above personal self-seeking and renown, and our highest aspiration would be to honor God and benefit humanity, by first purifying our own hearts. Then we could be instrumental in uplifting others to better conditions, and thus form credentials worthy to be presented to the high courts in the spirit world, and to be stored among the archives there.