GOVERNMENT CATHARINE ALLEN A central intelligence and governing force act upon every fibre of the universe, through laws adapted to its varied departments. The lower strata of material existence are subject to compulsive forces, which continually operate to bring forth order from chaos. Without government there can be no organization ; this is demonstrated even in the insect creation, of which the ant and bee are wonderful examples. As higher developments have appeared, and intelligence has increased, instinct has given place to reason, compulsion to free agency. As population has multiplied in different sections of country, and human beings have been brought nearer together in social relations, the greater has been the necessity of self-government, as well as for definite leadership and authority to prevent encroachments upon the rights of others. This authority, whether administered in despotic, theocratic, democratic or republican forms of government, has usually been a reflex of the theological views entertained; for the theology of a people bears the most potent influence in shaping the systems and customs of society. This has been especially the case in those countries where the civil laws and those pertaining to every department of life have been included in the sacred books; and where entire executive authority has been vested in the priesthood. The justice of such governments has been particularly dependent upon the conceptions of Deity then entertained; and the progress of nations thus confined has necessarily been much slower than in those where the civil laws have been left free to adapt themselves to the ever expanding needs of society. But however free the civil polity is from ecclesiastical rule, it will ever be an index of the religious sentiments as well as of the social and intellectual standing of the people. Therefore civil governments can only advance with the growth of humanity toward the Great Soul of Justice and Love. All law is absolute, universal and eternal. Any thing framed by the ingeuuity of man that cannot meet response from the higher sentiments of his fellow man will sooner or later perish, for the 'government must rest upon the consent of the governed,' no other basis can be enduring. History repeats again and again the story of despotic reign, which, like a house divided against itself, ends in anarchy and destruction; proving that the laws of justice are stronger than mighty armies, and that the fires of immortal liberty will continue to burn deeper in the soil of humanity, till, bursting in volcanic grandeur, the mountains of kingly rule and of all usurped power shall be leveled, upfilling the valleys of oppression and suffering. A true government will provide equally for all its subjects ; this can never be done until the land is caused to become a birthright inheritance, as are the sunlight and air ; for ' just in proportion as land becomes property ' the cry for bread will be heard from the oppressed. Wealth and pauperism, class and caste. Continual strife between capital and labor, ignorance, war and crime of every nature, are inevitable results of all systems of monopoly. This is recognized by many ; but, where is the remedy ? Philanthropists, socialists and statesmen of the highest intellectual genius, all fail to find it. But, let man look downward through the kingdoms of nature, and learn that it is the dual forces, male and female, which there preserve order and harmony. Let him look upward to the planetary systems, and observe the same fact; thus through outward nature, and through his own affections, learn that God, the great ruler and governor of all, is father and mother, Then let him strive to imitate the pattern set in the heavens, in the framing of earthly institutions, and he will find that the same parental government there applied will be productive of harmony, peace and prosperity. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.