DIPHTHERIA The Scientific American says .- ' As every physician knows, it is no uncommon thing for adults to have diphtheria so mildly that it is mistaken for an ordinary sore throat resulting from cold ; yet such a person can easily infect a child, and the child become a center of malignant infection. In view of the fatal prevalence of diphtheria, therefore, the kissing of a child upon the mouth by a person with a sore throat is hazardous, if not criminal ; and scarcely less so is the practice of allowing children to kiss their ailing playmates. It would be wise to exercise great caution in this matter, if not to discontinue the practice of kissing upon the mouth altogether.' Mr. John S.i Wiles, a surgeon of Thorncombe, Dorset, writes to the London Times that after two cases of malignant diphtheria out of some nine or ten he had been called to attend had proved fatal, the mother of a sick child showed him an extract from an American newspaper concerning a practitioner who used sulphur to cure the disease. Accordingly he used milk of sulphur for infants and flowers of sulphur for older children and adults, brought to a creamy consistence with glycerine ; dose, a teaspoonful or more, according to age, three or four times a day, swallowed slowly, and the application of the same to the nostrils with a sponge. Result : he did not lose a case there or elsewhere, and he succeeded in saving life when the affection had almost blocked the throat. A correspondent to the New York Tribune writes: 'I keep a glass can of sulphur water, made by shaking a table-spoonful of sulphur with a pint of water till the sulphur settles to the bottom, constantly on hand, and at the first complaint on the part of any member of the family of sore throat I wrap the throat with flannel, and give a teaspoonful of the sulphur-water several times a day. I have used this remedy for more than a year with success, and have had no,«evere cases of sore throat in my family since I began its use, though previous to that time they were of frequent occurrence in cold and damp weather. The diet should be simple and nutritious—milk, eggs, beef, chicken, broth and the like.'