WHO ARE TRUE SPIRITUALISTS? CHARLOTTE BYRDSALL Through faith in the immortal laws that govern our existence we are spiritualists. Salvation consists, or is dependent upon, the relation that human beings bear to the spirit and matter that constitute life. The most important and exalting law of our being is summed up in few words, 'Be true to thyself.' Let nothing obstruct or hinder the powers that would unfold industry, true cultivation, religion, revelation, and science, for upon the unfoldment of these depend our destiny. By a willingness to accept scientific truth, the physical and moral laws and principles upon which life is built, and by which it is sustained, we form the basic foundation of a true understanding how to advance in wisdom until in the ever unfoldment of spiritual and eternal truth we intuitively comprehend the divine, and inbreathe and outbreathe the faith, the love and genuine religion, which bind humanity in the golden cords of jastice, mercy and peace, and unites the lower to the higher by successive degrees ; and in return, the knowledge of the goodness of God is transmitted through spirit unto spirit, from spirit unto mortal, and from mortal unto mortal. Science and religion are brother and sister, and point upward to infinitude, the father and the mother, God. The object of science is to attain the bounds of all righteous presents, and of religion not merely to symbolize but to actualize that attainment by bringing into existence a true brotherhood and sisterhood. If innate faith in the Divine be stifled in the human heart, then the soul is fettered ; truth is bound, and reason in a measure is dethroned; happiness diminished and inspiration is checked by ignorance, and we are ruled by the senses instead of being guided by the higher aspirations of the mind which reach toward the eternal progress of truth. By a proper use of spiritualism we may acquire a relation to the forces and changes of the universe, which afford the material that enshrouds our spirits. If we avail ourselves of a knowledge of a future life, which blind creeds, bigotry, and dogmatism cannot change, the balance of existence is ours. Only as'we harmonize with the elements of growth can we be adapted to the modes and means which simply and truly embody spiritualism. Human beings are greater than circumstances. As we love aright, we learn to live aright, and to mount the ladder of truth whose every round reveals some noble thought, some high and lofty aim, and we learn that spiritualism does not consist of some phenomenal wonder, but of the development of the indwelling, God-implanted germ in the hearts of manhood which will be a key to the chambers of human souls, and reveal true character. It will be a health restorer, by imparting the knowledge how we should live to avoid disease, and the proper medicine to be used, and show the real utility of life in mortal form, and its continuance in a future state of existence. In seeking this valuable knowledge we must not lose sight of individual responsibility, nor embrace the idea that we may be safe in remaining in a mediumistic state of mere passivity to unseen forces. There is work for all to perform. We cannot justly claim to be true spiritualists while subject to a halting, doubting, wavering spirit in regard to the influx of spirit life and power by agencies which Divine wisdom employs to minister to our needs. Spiritualists, who are worthy to bear the name, should be guileless, ready to grasp the Christ-principles, irrespective of persons ; to call home the erring, uplift the fallen, and unite with spirit voices that call, ' Come up higher.' Woman must act well her part and use her God-given powers to expand, THE SHAKBE MANIFESTO. 173 beautify and immortalize existence, and to blend and unite human hearts and teach them to walk in the illumined pathway that leads to realms of peace. ' There are, who like the Seer of old, Can see the helpers God has sent; And how life's rugged mountain side Is white with many an angel tent.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.