ONLY A PAUPER CHARLOTTE BYRDSALL With fevered brow and hurrying feet, Eagerly on. through the crowded street, Pausing not, though the many pass, Pausing not though the grand oppress, Onward ; we ask, ' O ! where ? Following with cautious, silent tread ; We hear the murmur,' no home, no bread! ' What is the world or its wealth to-day — Unto a pauper turned away, With none for her sorrow to care !' On with a look oft backward cast, Till reached is the wharf at the river at last; Then, with a worn heart, in purpose more brave, She plunges into a watery grave, Leaving the world and its gold. Gone, and the tidal waves over her close, Sealing in silence a wearied repose ; Gone ! but the eye that never can sleep Knows of the many who seek the lone deep, Many that grim want doth hold. In the bright wavelets borne to the shore, Singing the lone song, ' goue evermore,' Eyes that see in the crystal and stone, That to the thousands is hidden, unknown, Read of her sorrowing life. Read in the sands washed by the cold tide, How in her great need friends turned aside, Left her because of society's curse. Which turns in a moment the good into worse, Augmenting the hour of strife. Riches have wings that quickly take flight, Leaving the once glad, sorrow and blight;. Leaving the full home empty and loue, Fortune and friends all turned to stone, Just in the moment of need. Angels of goodness shower on eartli, Powers to dispel all sadness and dearth ; Help to make equal the lord and the serf; Equal while living, as well ' neath the turf,' For death locks all in one creed. O ! in the distance though far it maybe, Beautiful homes for the millions I see! Prison-house, slaughter-house, emblems of pain, Long since supplanted by rich waving grain, Food for humanity's strength. Meadows all smiling beneath the blue dome, Murmuring the sweet song plenty and home, Homes for all people where love holds the • power, Peace in the temple and freedom the tower. Days are increasing in length. Churches where pride has fostered her taste, And held over many the dire hand of waste, Tumble and fall ; for God who is light, Leadeth to worship 'neath sunshine so bright, Instead of the temples of death! Hasten, O, hasten the glad time along, Angels of power who triumph o'er wrong! God is advancing ; its might I can feel, Writing in truth humanity's weal. Industry leadeth to wealth. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.