BEARDS VS SHAVING H. L. EADS ' Colloquy between an inquirer and a Shaker :' I.— Please, sir, tell me why the Shakers take off their beards ? Have they any religious scruples about wearing it ? S. — None at all -¦— the subject has nothing at all to do with our religion, only so far as shaving is conducive to cleanliness and uniformity. A man might wear a beard and be a better man than another who did not, and ' vice versa.' I.— But did not God give the beard to man for a wise purpose ? And, if so, how dare you mutilate what God has given? S.— If God gave the beard for a purpose He also gave the hair and finger and toenails in like manner ; but this is no reason why we should not trim them. And we would ask : Why should the hair on the face be more sacred than the hair on the head? and, we see you hesitate not to cut that closely this hot weather. I.— Well, I presume God allows us to be comfortable; but there is this difference. Physiologists tell us the beard is a necessity, and is conducive to health of body, as every hair is a hollow tube, and, if worn uncut, it prevents the escape of electricity, which is essential to the brain and nervous system. S.— Admitting the testimony of Physiologists to be true, would not the argument apply to cutting off the hair from other portions of the head, as well as the hair of the face, particularly on the nape of the neck, at the head of the spinal column, where the system is extremely sensitive to change of temperature ? Again it is, perhaps, as possible that electricity escapes as easily if not more so, from a clipped beard, than from a smoothly shaven face. Thus the health argument is, at least, much frustrated. Now, permit us to ask you why you take off a part of yours, since you seem so sensitive relative to the gifts of God ? I.— I take off a part for decency's sake, as one's delicacy is sometimes insulted by dining with a man who wears such a mustache that it must be lifted with one hand while putting food to his mouth with the other. S.— Very true the habits of some beard wearers are truly disgusting, and render a good reason for shaving. Now allow me to ask you a question, which please answer unequivocatingly. If, as you admit, it is more decent to remove a part of the beard (all religion aside), is it not most decent to remove it all ? I.— Yes, sir, it is, and, on that ground alone, it would appear to be justifiable, except where diseased eyes, or throat, or sore 176 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. faces from cutaneous diseases, or scrofulous tumors would require the wearing of the beard from necessity S.— In such cases it would appear most proper to wear the beard, but not for mere fashion's sake. I.—¦ But, says the worldly motto, 'A man may as well be out of the world as out of the fashion.' S3.— But who is authorized to institute fashion. The only justifiable and true basi of fashion is that which is really best adapted to the needs of life, the preservation of virtue, and the elevation of humanity to that which is most useful, true, pure and beautiful. South Union, Ky.