Correspondence Mr. Evans Geo. H. Philips —I wish to obtain a knowledge of your hygiene and cookery. Shall I trespass too far on your patience if I ask what roots and grains, and meats, if any, are used in your community 1 Do you use pork, or beef, or mutton, or any fine flour, or cider, or tobacco^or spices, saleratus, tea, coffee ? and do your cooks make any pastry ? I would be especially pleased to know just how you prepare for food that great cereal that feeds humanity — wheat. One of the Shaker women stated, from the platform at Lake Pleasant, last August, that she was iinable to procure a proper ~'meal of victuals on the grounds — and I am ready to believe it. Will you, or some Shaker, tell me what a wholesome meal should be composed of, and how to cook it? Respectfully, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., July 16,1881 Oliver Prentiss Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., July 16,1881 Geo. H. Philips—By request of Elder Evans, who is otherwise engaged, I respond to your inquiries about Shaker 'hygiene and cookery.'' Virginity and community are the cardinal planks in the Shaker platform. Something over a century ago, there began to be Shakers. On the start, they were, in meats and drinks, not much unlike the material of which they were composed. Humanity, at that period, had, in general, risen above the cannibal—had left bipeds and gone to devouring quadrupeds, without discrimination. With increased facilities of intercommunication, we have corresponding increased mental expansion. There are now Shaker Societies, one or more, in seven of the States. Societies are composed of families. Each Family is a community. These communities, like Sovereign States, revolve around a common center. Great changes have come over Shakers during my Shaker life — something over 61 years. Sixty-one years ago, we ate pork, beef and all manner of things, drank cider, beer, tea and. coffee, chewed, smoked and snuffed, not much unlike folks in general. The change has been gradual— not by compulsion — in accord with the increased resurrection from the earthy to the heavenly. Most of my Shaker life was at Watervliet, near Albany. I now live in the North Family, Mt. Lebanon, with Elder Evans and some 60 Sisters and Brothers. No meat is eaten by the family, that I know of. We all eat at the same table, at the same time. Graham bread, oat cake, fruits and vegetables, served up most invitingly, are staple commodities. Some drink tea, some coffee, in small quantities. Most drink water only. Cider, beer and tobacco, in all forms, are behind the age. Other Families, T suppose, make corresponding advances. Humanity takes its initiative low down in the scale of being. We are on the ascending grade, with Eternal Progress inscribed on our banner. When the Sun of Righteousness can shine through us, clear as crystal, casting never a shadow on the canvas, we may take rank with the Seraphim and Cherubim of the more ad vanced Heavens. Respectfully,