THE HEAVENLY BRIDESHIP H. L. EADS There are two very important things which every true follower of Christ in the Second Appearing must ever appear very sacredly to conserve, among many others. 1st. The pure unalloyed testimony of the Gospel of Christ's second appearing in the line of the female, 2d. The-pure union of the spirit of Christ among Gospel Kindred— true Brethren and Sisters of the family of Christ — the writer's life interest is bound up in both. In the interest of the first we would remark, that, as the writer understands the following quotation from an article in the July Manifesto, it seems to us to controvert a vital principle of the Shaker Religion. Thus: 'The marriage of the Lamb and Bride means a union of the Law and Gospel, this, and nothing more.' ' Certainly it was not the marriage ' (spiritually of course, and in no other sense), ' of Jesus and Ann according to our first childish thoughts.' Now, in the name of our suffering, bloodsweating, tortured, crucified and God-chosen Father of the New Creation, Jesus Christ, and in the name of our imprisoned, tortured, much abused, suffering, and Godchosen Mother Ann Christ, and in the name of the bleeding hearts of their faithful children we must protest against this denial, before the world, of the long prophesied of and Heaven-born truth, that the scriptural 'Lamb and Bride' are persons as vicegerents of God, and not things. The Churches that embodied and still conserve their life baptism may be considered, figuratively, in the same sense. It is our ineradicable faith and understanding that Jesus and Ann were the chosen ones, as vicegerents of God, to inaugurate the Gospel plan of Christ's First and Second Appearing to save and redeem a sin-stricken world. This testimony we believe can be maintained in the face of all the prophecy of the world. Let us reconsider the assertion that ' the Lamb and Bride is nothing but the union of the Law and Gospel.' That is to say, the marriage of the Law and Gospel. Thus to speak : The Law would be the Lamb, or Bridegroom, and the Gospel the Bride ! The Law masculine, the Gospel feminine. Thus making the Gospel subordinate to the law ; the spirit, to the flesh. 'Because the law was weak, through the flesh.' Exactly to this does that argument lead. To our understanding it cannot be tortured to a different conclusion. Now, if that which was declared to be ' weak, through the flesh,' is superior to the Gospel, what hope is there to be redeemed from the flesh ? None whatever ! But it is not true. The cheering voice of the Bridegroom rings out, and above a deathstricken world. 'Little children, be of good cheer, I have overcome the world.' This was the voice, not of the Law, but of the Bridegroom, and the voice of the? Bride was like unto it. Their united voice is, 'My sheep do hear my voice, not the voice of the typical law. And they follow us. To follow one is to follow the other, for all their work, testimony and life are one. Come unto us, all ye ends of the earth and be saved. Although they come slowly, yet will they come, for the testimony and spiritual baptism of the Bridegroom and Bride is all the hope for the redemption of a lost and ruined world. To quote further from the article under consideration it is stated, ' Unless we do right about food, generation and property, there is no use multiplying words about sal vation in this world, or any other.' The way to do right about food is to govern the appetite, not to eat too much of any thing, this was Christ's doctrine, which can't be improved; some people make themselves as sick in eating buckwheat cakes and molasses, as others do in eating oysters. The way for the followers of Christ to do right about generation is to let it entirely alone, not soil our bodies nor our spirits therewith, but leave its whole management with the lower floor generators. We anticipate this is what the writer from whose article we quote meant, but we fear it would not thus be generally understood. South Union, Ky.