Adamsville, June 11, 1881 Joseph Warren Barrington and F. W. Evans. Adamsville, June 11, 1881 Respected Friend:—Your note of June 5th is at hand. Am much pleased therewith. Many thanks for the kindness in answering my question. My full consent to publish my letter, if it seems to you good. If published, I'd like a copy. I am looking for light from any and all quarters. Your people surround yourselves with an aura that is good and pure, by not associating with the outside world, which is altogether too material, dealing and believing only in material things. Your humble correspondent comes daily in contact with material and worldly people, and being sensitive, clairvoyant and clairaudiant, senses and sees those wrong conditions that many people are making for themselves. Do we not build up the physical and mental from that which we take to nourish our system ? 182 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. If we use spiritual food, shall we not be spiritual ? If we use earthly food, shall we not be earthly ? And if we use animal food, shall we not be beastly ? This is, as it tome doth appear by coming in contact with people that surround me. The theological inspiration of to-day all comes from the printing press — cast iron theology — how changed from our first teachers — Moses, Confucius, Boodha, Jesus, Swedenborg, Ann Lee and others — would that the time come, when the Christ-spirit shall be resurrected in the churches, that they follow the teachings and example of the humble and spiritual Nazarene, in diet, in dress, in temperance, in finances and in all reforms, both physical and spiritual, that tend to our happiness, in this life and in the life which is to come. The churches are looking for the material man, while the spiritual is in the world and with us. They see not, they hear not the things of the spirit. Should they not heal the sick ? cause the lame to walk ? the deaf to hear ? the blind to see ? prophesy 1 interpret ? and even greater things than these ? and by the signs shall they not be known ? We think you hear it, see it, feel it, and live it. The church condemns me as a visionary lunatic. I may be wrong in some things — do not claim infallibility, but am trying to go by the truth as fast and as far as I can see it. Sometimes I have to break away from all society, go to the woods and enjoy nature, yea more, receive the best of visitors. You tell me Heaven is somewhere on earth. Yea, it is within, of whatsoever degree we make it, by indomitable self-control, cultivating the germ of divinity, our birthright inheritance — holding appetites and passions in subordination to the divine overruling. By analysis we find that wheat contains some 14 chemical elements, and the human physiology correspondingly the same, while fine flour contains 68.7 starch and carbon — a pure heater — 3 chemical elements, minus the other 11, or the gluten which corresponds to the albumen, fibrine and gelatine. Through the courtesy of Mr. Q. H. Philips, I learn that your people have brought the culinary art — the selection of food and preparation thereof — to a fine science. Being a sensitive and having to adopt rules different from the people around me, in order to live at all (in the body) I would like to get a little light on how your people prepare their food, and the kinds you use in every-day life, for my own benefit and health. If not asking too much, would like to have you write me whatever you feel disposed to concerning this subject. I eat no meats, and find white flour injurious ; live principally on fruits and cereals ; find it hard to get the whole grain and save the necessary chemical properties contained therein. If you will give me a little light on the choice of food, and the preparation for use, you will confer a great favor. Mr. Philips wishes me to insert a few questions on cooking ; I comply ; they are inclosed; you can act your pleasure concerning them. Yours in truth,