Correspondence Mr. Evans Geo. H. Philips —I wish to obtain a knowledge of your hygiene and cookery. Shall I trespass too far on your patience if I ask what roots and grains, and meats, if any, are used in your community 1 Do you use pork, or beef, or mutton, or any fine flour, or cider, or tobacco^or spices, saleratus, tea, coffee ? and do your cooks make any pastry ? I would be especially pleased to know just how you prepare for food that great cereal that feeds humanity — wheat. One of the Shaker women stated, from the platform at Lake Pleasant, last August, that she was iinable to procure a proper ~'meal of victuals on the grounds — and I am ready to believe it. Will you, or some Shaker, tell me what a wholesome meal should be composed of, and how to cook it? Respectfully, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., July 16,1881 Oliver Prentiss Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., July 16,1881 Geo. H. Philips—By request of Elder Evans, who is otherwise engaged, I respond to your inquiries about Shaker 'hygiene and cookery.'' Virginity and community are the cardinal planks in the Shaker platform. Something over a century ago, there began to be Shakers. On the start, they were, in meats and drinks, not much unlike the material of which they were composed. Humanity, at that period, had, in general, risen above the cannibal—had left bipeds and gone to devouring quadrupeds, without discrimination. With increased facilities of intercommunication, we have corresponding increased mental expansion. There are now Shaker Societies, one or more, in seven of the States. Societies are composed of families. Each Family is a community. These communities, like Sovereign States, revolve around a common center. Great changes have come over Shakers during my Shaker life — something over 61 years. Sixty-one years ago, we ate pork, beef and all manner of things, drank cider, beer, tea and. coffee, chewed, smoked and snuffed, not much unlike folks in general. The change has been gradual— not by compulsion — in accord with the increased resurrection from the earthy to the heavenly. Most of my Shaker life was at Watervliet, near Albany. I now live in the North Family, Mt. Lebanon, with Elder Evans and some 60 Sisters and Brothers. No meat is eaten by the family, that I know of. We all eat at the same table, at the same time. Graham bread, oat cake, fruits and vegetables, served up most invitingly, are staple commodities. Some drink tea, some coffee, in small quantities. Most drink water only. Cider, beer and tobacco, in all forms, are behind the age. Other Families, T suppose, make corresponding advances. Humanity takes its initiative low down in the scale of being. We are on the ascending grade, with Eternal Progress inscribed on our banner. When the Sun of Righteousness can shine through us, clear as crystal, casting never a shadow on the canvas, we may take rank with the Seraphim and Cherubim of the more ad vanced Heavens. Respectfully, Adamsville, June 11, 1881 Joseph Warren Barrington and F. W. Evans. Adamsville, June 11, 1881 Respected Friend:—Your note of June 5th is at hand. Am much pleased therewith. Many thanks for the kindness in answering my question. My full consent to publish my letter, if it seems to you good. If published, I'd like a copy. I am looking for light from any and all quarters. Your people surround yourselves with an aura that is good and pure, by not associating with the outside world, which is altogether too material, dealing and believing only in material things. Your humble correspondent comes daily in contact with material and worldly people, and being sensitive, clairvoyant and clairaudiant, senses and sees those wrong conditions that many people are making for themselves. Do we not build up the physical and mental from that which we take to nourish our system ? 182 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. If we use spiritual food, shall we not be spiritual ? If we use earthly food, shall we not be earthly ? And if we use animal food, shall we not be beastly ? This is, as it tome doth appear by coming in contact with people that surround me. The theological inspiration of to-day all comes from the printing press — cast iron theology — how changed from our first teachers — Moses, Confucius, Boodha, Jesus, Swedenborg, Ann Lee and others — would that the time come, when the Christ-spirit shall be resurrected in the churches, that they follow the teachings and example of the humble and spiritual Nazarene, in diet, in dress, in temperance, in finances and in all reforms, both physical and spiritual, that tend to our happiness, in this life and in the life which is to come. The churches are looking for the material man, while the spiritual is in the world and with us. They see not, they hear not the things of the spirit. Should they not heal the sick ? cause the lame to walk ? the deaf to hear ? the blind to see ? prophesy 1 interpret ? and even greater things than these ? and by the signs shall they not be known ? We think you hear it, see it, feel it, and live it. The church condemns me as a visionary lunatic. I may be wrong in some things — do not claim infallibility, but am trying to go by the truth as fast and as far as I can see it. Sometimes I have to break away from all society, go to the woods and enjoy nature, yea more, receive the best of visitors. You tell me Heaven is somewhere on earth. Yea, it is within, of whatsoever degree we make it, by indomitable self-control, cultivating the germ of divinity, our birthright inheritance — holding appetites and passions in subordination to the divine overruling. By analysis we find that wheat contains some 14 chemical elements, and the human physiology correspondingly the same, while fine flour contains 68.7 starch and carbon — a pure heater — 3 chemical elements, minus the other 11, or the gluten which corresponds to the albumen, fibrine and gelatine. Through the courtesy of Mr. Q. H. Philips, I learn that your people have brought the culinary art — the selection of food and preparation thereof — to a fine science. Being a sensitive and having to adopt rules different from the people around me, in order to live at all (in the body) I would like to get a little light on how your people prepare their food, and the kinds you use in every-day life, for my own benefit and health. If not asking too much, would like to have you write me whatever you feel disposed to concerning this subject. I eat no meats, and find white flour injurious ; live principally on fruits and cereals ; find it hard to get the whole grain and save the necessary chemical properties contained therein. If you will give me a little light on the choice of food, and the preparation for use, you will confer a great favor. Mr. Philips wishes me to insert a few questions on cooking ; I comply ; they are inclosed; you can act your pleasure concerning them. Yours in truth, My Dear Manifesto Daniel Orcutt :—I have long contemplated writing to you from a deep sense* of gratitude, for I feel that I owe you much. I have resolved to do so, as you monthly appear at my Zion-home. I cannot withhold my acknowledgment longer with a peaceful conscience. How earnestly I we]-. come your coming; how eagerly I peruse your columns ; how much I find in them 'hat is pure and elevating. Every article contains good instruction. How beautiful you appear in your dress ; the type so clear, the paper so white and firm. I am made better for having communed with the minds that teach through your pages; and in this I only express the sentiments of thousands of others. Accept heartfelt thanks for holding up such a, pure, standard of life, and inspiring me with earnest endeavor toward the right. When writing to distant friends I tell them of your merits. Let me express my appreciation of your untiring efforts in spreading truth and purity; it is labor that all cross-bearers delight in. Twenty years ago I began to follow Christ, and the prize I THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 183 am bound to win. How sweet are the hours I spend in His service. Can I do too much for the cause of purity ? My spirit answers firmly, nay, not half enough, though I toil incessantly. ' My thanks to God cannot be told, that I was called into the fold.' How .comforting the thought that salvation is free — to all who work for it. 'Work out our own salvation.' Oh ! dear Manifesto you hold a place in my heart that no other periodical fills. That all who read your pages, clean and pure, may be true Christians, is the prayer of one who desires to be 'numbered with the Lord's jewels.' Wishing you all success, in gospel love, , Enfield, Ct.