FASHION'S WONDROUS CHANGES L. L. [From the New York Evening Post.] One thing greatly amused me last season at Saratoga. 1 overheard a lady from New York describing the dress of a Shakeress, which she declared was too prim and ridiculous to be seen in. It is wonderful what changes a few short months will bring in one's opinions, and the style of one's dress, especially of a woman's. To-day directly in front of me in the meetiug-house sat my Saratoga critic, clad in a dress which was almost an exact copy of the Shaker garb — a short kilted skirt of just the heliotrope shade which the sisters wear, and with round waist gathered at the belt, over which were deftly laid the neat folds of an India mull handkerchief ! She was actually dressed in the ' prim and ridiculous ' cos tume over which she had so recently shrugged her pretty shoulders, and turned up her little aristocratic nose. But then she did not look like a Shakeress after all, for upon her graceful head was placed a flower garden and fruit stall, yclept a hat, that in turn would have been set upon and scoffed at by every right minded Shakeress in the house, and upon her dainty feet were worn a pair of French heel kid boots, that in contrast with the flat-bottomed gaiters of the sisters was a shameful frivolity not to be tolerated by a disciple of Mother Ann Lee. In response to the above, we would say, that if the present liigh heel is of French origin, it must have been introduced into this country some time during the last century, for it is the exact shape of the high heel worn by the Shakeresses from .the start of the Community until about twenty-five years, ago when it was considered by us as too ' ridiculous ' and unphysiological 'to be tolerated,' thus it has been gradually displaced by the flat heel, though in buying shoes we are obliged to take them as they are in market, regretting that we are compelled to return to a fashion long since discarded through propriety. But as we stand and walch the rotation of Fashion's wheel, observing that each spoke comes up ' over and over again/' we are ready to admit that there is a little truth after all in the sigh of Solomon of old, ' nothing new under the sun.'