Editorial WHEREFORE? That the Shakers and their peculiar life should appear novel in a professedly Christian country is entirely in favor of Shaker preeminence, and speaks badly for the simply professed, when comparison and contrast are drawn between Shaker life and ordinary, worldly life, and both compared with the life of the first Christian. We wonder, when people, calling themselves Christian, professing so great admiration for Jesus and His life, yet seeming to and really despising the thought of living like Jesus, and deeming those unworthy of recognition who, at great expense to selfishness, are trying to live like Jesus. We cannot account for the wherefore of so great inconsistency of professedly Christian people. That which we admire, we will strive to be like. How much strife is there on the part of the great body of professors, to he, to live just like the Jesus whom they profess so great admiration for ? Is it unreasonable for Shakers, both to attempt a practical admiration of the Christ, by as exact a following as they are able, and to feel a little censorious toward those who are content with a very distant and un truthful admiration ? Wherefore admiration for the Jesus of old by expression, and almost detestation for any who try to be the Christs of to-day ? Wherefore should Shaker life be a novelty, to those who claim such familiarity with New Testament writings, descriptive of Jesus and his immediate disciples? Our platform simply introduces anew the religion of Jesus, which was -CELIBACY; positive EQUALITY among Christian brethren ; PEACE at expense of every thing else; and unspottedness from every thing worldly. ¦ CAN WE AFFORD TO SUSPEND? It may, or it may not, be a serious subject for us to suspend the publication of The Manifesto. When we personally urged its advent, we set the period of its life at ten years. It has lived and flourished longer — flourished in its illustrations of the most preeminent Christian testimony, but has ever been poor in purse. It may not be news to any or many, when we state that there is scarcely a paying religious paper in the world — one that is not sustained by means other than subscriptions! The Shaker, The S. and S. and The Manifesto have been no exception to this assertion. We have not only failed to make a dollar by the enterprise, but have only been able to keep afloat by diligent prudence, and the practical 184 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. sympathy of our friends. Our circulation amounts to thousands to be sure; but look at the subscription price; look too at the thousands we gratuitously circulate! It has been mentioned that the entire superintendence of The Manifesto has been only a thankful task — thankful only though, because duty seemed to point that way. It has been the reverse of a sinecure. A few years ago, one of our best ministers in the east was anxious to know how fat the editor of our paper was after the December number was issued ! Upon the rendering to him of our accounts by publisher, he was'so shockingly sympathetic that he sent us ten dollars as a penance! To some, who love dollars more than they love religion or its missions, The Manifesto has seemed to have fulfilled its mission. To others, its suspension is looked upon with dread, for very many reasons. From the former class there has been received only that which has made the labors on The Manifesto a thankless task and any thing but a labor of love. From the latter we have received only that which was comforting, commendable, and cheering — making the simply honorary position of editor a position of love. We have for years wished to retire from its head, simply because its burden, borne by us as it is, is too weighty. We are among those who would that it continue for all time — who believe we cannot afford to suspend. The Manifesto occupies the most unique of fields — no other periodical teaching and demanding such radical Christian life-truths. It is the only missionary we have in the world, and its suspension will, we fear, breed dearth at our homes and distrust among our friends outside, in regard to the permanence of the cause it represents. But let none fear for tb,e cause — let them rather pity those who only pretend to love it, loving themselves in preference. We purpose retiring from the editorial chair. We ask for a successor, unless the body whose faith it. represents determines that we can afford its suspension. So far as personal benefits, ease, emoluments, honors, with much adverse criticisms, none can better afford its supension than Yours truly, The Editok. EDITORIAL NOTES A novelty, in top carriages, is the invention of E. Myrick of Harvard Shakers. An ingenious device, to protect the curtains when rolled up. They are placed in a pocket, made by means of the connection between the posts and top of the carriage, requiring no strap nor buckle,and giving a very neat and tidy appearance. It has been shown in Boston, and thought by carriage dealers and others to be a great improvement. It is now at the carriage manufactory of Brigham, McEay &amp; Co., where it can be seen, and by whom it was made, than which there are no better manufacturers of carriages in this vicinity. We understand they are to make one to exhibit in the New England Mechanics' fair. A patent has been applied for and there is a prospect of a revolution in a certain class of top carriages.