EARNESTNESS MARTHA J. ANDERSON Life's inspiration lies in earnestness. The man or woman who would prove successful in any undertaking must be thoroughly in earnest; cold indifference accomplishes nothing. The lamp of genius burns only as it is supplied by the oil of enthusiasm. It is fuel that feeds the unquenchable fires which set the world aglow with the light of knowledge, and scatters the gifts of brain and hand in rich profusion over the earth. It is the impulse of civilization that overcomes every obstacle that would hinder its triumphal march over sea and land. In every department of life we see its grand results. It shines in truthful pictures on the canvas: speaks in sculptured forms of grace and beauty; glows in immortal poetry and song ; appeals to hearts through words of inspired wisdom and truth; and molds organizations for broad philanthropic labor in all fields of reform. It is the breath of religion, the soul of science, and the tireless spirit of practical skill and industry . The effective work of ardent purpose ever transforms the ideal into the substan tial and real, and gives to mankind increasing strength of intellect and character that progresses them above gross, animal planes of existence, into spheres where mental and spiritual pleasures supersede natural intinctive qualities. The herculean shoulder of earnest endeavor placed at the car of human progress often lifts it from olden ruts and miry sloughs — that clog its onward course — and starts it forward on the highway of truth and freedom. ' All earnestness is magnetic.' Its plea has been heard from the pulpit, the forum and the hearth-stone, in behalf of religion, ustice and social equality. The world feels its impulse and is moved to loftier purposes, and higher aims in the harmonial developnent and blending of human forces, in things physical, mental and spiritual. We live in a time of elemental agitation ; THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 177 the Divine Energy of life runs through every fibre of being. Earnestness, the motive power, and ceaseless activity of mind and muscle accomplishes wonders. And though we see great evils existing, which we deplore and deprecate, still the triumphs and consummation of great and good plans, aided forward by the indefatigable zeal of the workers for truth and right, give us hope, courage and faith, that the destinies of mankind are in the hands of the Allwise Father and Mother; and with confidence and trust, we offer a heartfelt prayer, that the heavenly powers may inspire us with earnestness of feeling, and a spirit of consecration and devotion to the cause we have espoused ; that our lives may embody the principles of the living dispensation of truth. And that our light may so shine abroad, that souls, hungering and thirsting for righteousness, may seek and find within our borders rthe resurrection life and power of Christ-, that shall lift them into diviner spheres of angelic love, light and purity.