The Children's Grotto WHAT A MOTHER CAN DO A mother on the green hills of Vermont was holding, by the right hand, a son, sixteen years old, mad with love of the sea. And, as she stood by the garden gate one morning, she said : 'Edward, they tell me, for I never saw the ocean, that the great temptation of a seaman's life is drink. Promise me, before you quit your mother's hand, that you will never drink liquor.' 'And,' he said, for he told the story, ' I gave the promise, and I went the globe over, to Calcutta and the Mediterranean, Ban Francisco and the Cape of Good Hope, the North and South Poles. I saw them all in forty years, and I never saw a glass filled with sparkling liquor that my mother's form at the gate did not rise up before my eyes, and to-day I am innocent of the taste of liquor.' Was not that sweet evidence of the power of a single word ? Yet that is not half. ' For,' still continued he, 'yesterday there came into my counting-room a man forty years old.' ' Do you know me? ' 'No.' ' Well,' said he, ' I was brought drunk into your presence on ship-board; you were a passenger; they kicked me aside; you took me to your berth and kept me there till 1 slept off my intoxication. You then asked me if I had a mother; I said I had never heard a word from her lips ; you told me of yours at the garden gate; and today I am master of one of the finest ships in New York harbor, and came to ask you to come and see me.' The mother's words on the green hills of Vermont! God be thanked for the mighty power of a single word! NO BAD HABITS That the absence of bad habits, such as drinking, using tobacco, and playing games of chance does speak volumes for the success of young men when considered merely from a business standpoint, is clearly illustrated by the following anecdote from a popular daily : ' Horace B. Clafflin, the most prominent and wealthy dry goods merchant of New York, was alone in his office one afternoon, when a young man, pale and careworn, timidly knocked and entered. ' Mr. Clafflin,' said he, ' I have been unable to meet certain payments because certain parlies failed to do by me as they agreed to do, and I wTould like to have $10,000. I come to you because you have been a friend to my father, and might be a friend to me.' ''Come in,' said Mr. Clafliin, 'come in and have a glass of wine.' ''No,' said the young man, 'I don't drink.' ' ' Have a cigar, then?' ' ' No, I never smoke.' ''Well,' said the joker, 'I would like to accommodate you, Lut I don't think I can.' ' 'Very well,' said the young man, as he was about to leave the room. ' I thought perhaps you might. Good day, sir.' ' 'Hold on,' said Mr. Clafflin, 'you don't drink?' ' ' No, sir.' ' ' Nor smoke, nor gamble, nor any thing of the kind?' '' No, sir' ' ' Well,' said Mr. Clafflin with tears in his eyes, 'you shall have it, and three times the amount if you wish. Your father let me have $5,000 once, and asked me the same questions. No thanks — I owe it to you for your father's sake.''