THE LITTLE STONE MARTHA ANN BURGER If we may credit sacred history, King Nebuchadnezzar's dream concerning the great image formed of gold, silver, brass, iron, with a mixture of clay, was very sin- 180 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. gular in conception and expression, as was also the interpretation thereof by the Hebrew Prophet, Daniel. Although somewhat metaphorical, it was a substantial prophecy of something to be revealed in the then yet future time. Evidently the ruling powers, whether monarchial or ecclesiastical, or both combined, were represented by the head of the image made of gold. The silver, brass, iron and clay symbolized the lesser powers, as we understand it, down to the laboring classes in society, which in reality is the substratum upon which all rests ; the feet upon which the image stood and depended for support. Perhaps there could not have been a grander or more complete representation of the Gentile nations and kingdoms than then existed, than the image as seen in the dream, nor a clearer prophecy of the means which God, in His own time, would use to break in pieces all false systems that men had builded, or might build, that the good, the just and true might be exalted. We see by that wonderful night vision that tioubled the king so much, that many material substances were brought into requisition in forming the image, and found a co-relation, and when fitly conjoined were indispensable parts of one great whole. The Stone, cut from the mountain without the aid of human hands, was evidently a divine revelation of truth emanating from the Christ sphere, with which Jesus of Nazareth became deeply imbued and was divinely inspired. By obedience through suffering he became the servitor of the Christ-spirit, and an especial medium to inaugurate a new Christian dispensation on earth of which he became the leader. In the new dispensation, a spiritual temple was to be erected, of which Christ, through the mediumship of Jesus and others as coworkers, was to be the masterbuilder and head over all. But even the foundation of the temple could not be laid until a place could be found for it to stand upon, by removing and displacing some part of the old structure, or the image that had formerly occupied the ground. The Little Stone of Truth was set in motion to grind and break in pieces the image or institutions formed by the device of men, which undoubtedly contained much good in their day and time, but were gradually to give place to something better. Jesus was the first anointed son in the Christian era, and by self-denial and selfcrucifixion, he was eminently fitted to be. come the corner stone of the Christian temple. He was the pioneer in tne great work and was a ' tried stone,' as no other one to the same degree could be ; yet every one according to their measure that finds a place in the temple must be baptized with the same baptism and suffer as he suffered. Many stones have been tried, proved and fitted by the masterbuilder, and securely placed in the Christian temple. Although to human observation, the progress has been slow in arranging and placing each stone one by one, in its proper order, it is compact and sure j for the great underlying principles are true, and cannot fail nor be moved. They form a basis solid, deep and broad, and as imperishable as is all truth, that flows from God the eternal Fountain. As man was not created to dwell alone, and is not perfect* in his manhood without his counterpart — woman — it became a necessity that in due time, a female should be found who could also be baptized with the Christ-spirit that Jesus was anointed with, that constituted him the elder of many brethren, that she might find a just relation to him on the plane of virgin purity, and thus manifest the dual order which we think we have reason to believe exists in God, the all Father and Mother, as the first great cause of all causes, and descends through the Christ spheres to intermediate orders of angelic beings in spirit life, down to the earth sphere. Ann Lee, as we believe, was the chosen and prepared instrument, and was not only chosen and appointed, but was found faithful and worthy to form an alliance with the first baptized man Jesus ; and that they now conjointly work together in harmony with the Masterbuilder in preparing and fitting stones into the temple of God on earth, and are ready and willing to assist souls to find an abiding place in the great spiritual tern- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 181 pie in that Holy City, which is lighted with God's truth and is brighter and more glorious than can be comprehended by mortal beings in this terrestrial sphere. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.