ARE WOMEN SLAVES? Elizabeth Avery Meriwether [Letter to the New York Sun.] The founders of this government called themselves slaves, because they were taxed without representation. Yet the slavery in which they lived under George III was a large and liberal freedom compared with the condition of the women of this country. Under George, the king, our forefathers were free to pursue any profession their intellect or inclination desired. The women of America are debarred the lucrative and honorable professions. Under George, the king, the despot, our forefathers were free to aspire to any office lower than the throne. The women of America may not aspire to the humblest office in the gift of the people. Under George, the king, if accused of any offense, petty or penal, our forefathers were tried by juries of their peers, and sentenced by judges who were only their equals before the law. If accused of any offense, petty or penal, the women of this falsely-called republic are tried by juries of masters and sentenced by judges who are their sovereigns by the accident of sex. When one class of men hold absolute power over another class, as the white men in the South once held over the black, we call the one a master class and the other a slave class. So, when one sex holds absolute rule over the other, as men hold over women, the one is a master sex and the other is a slave sexWe are not only taxed without representation, and governed without our own consent, but from birth to death we labor under such a load of legal disabilities as only abject slaves endure. Doors of learning are closed to our ambition. Offices of honor and profit forbidden. Lucrative professions debarred. In addition to these wrongs, every institution in the land, taking its tone from the law which holds us inferior to the males of our kind, also looks upon us as inferior, thereby overwhelming us with untold and uncounted humiliations and wrongs. The churches consider the best of our sex as unworthy to enter their pulpits ; while the sinful they seem to look upon us as having no part in the plan of salvation. Medicine deems us unfit to practice its therapeutics. Even the mechanical trade of dentistry fancies it may elevate itself among the learned professions by excluding women from its practice. The tribunals of so-called justice forbid women to enter their courts save as criminals to be tried by juries of masters and sentenced by judges who are their sovereigns by the accident of sex. If this is not slavery, what is it? Because some of us have good masters, who give us long ropes, are we any ess in a slave condition? Thousands and thousands of negroes in the old time had good masters, who gave them long ropes; were they any less slaves? THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 187 Men will not study this question. Sex bias so distorts their judgment, they cannot see straight. About a month ago Gov. Long of Massachusetts made a speech in Boston from a woman's suffrage platform, advocating the cause on the ground of woman's abstract right to suffrage. Gov. Long stated, however, that he brought no enthusiasm to the cause, because he did not see any suffering that came from woman's enslavement, or any good that would come ¦ from her freedom. This was precisely the position of the southern planters in the old time. Many of them admitted the abstract right of all men to freedom, but saw no need in the negro's case, he was so contented and well off under his master's government! Thinking women, who look from effects to causes, see a million evils resultant from slavery. Every wife-beating is directly chargeable to the law, which tells the man that he is the superior, the governor, she the inferior, the subject. Every street walker is directly chargeable to law. Prostitution is an unnatural trade — is directly opposed to the ingrained physical laws that should govern woman. This horrible trade is the outgrowth of the unnatural condition of absolute subjection of women to men. Firmly convinced of this, is it any wonder that women bring to the advocacy of this cause all the enthusiasm of their souls?