BURY ME ON MY FEET GRANVILLE T. SPROAT The last words of Me-tah-win-a-view. Metahwinaview was a chief among the Meuomonces. He lived an upright, honest life. His word could ever be relied upon. As he said, 'the Great Spirit gives us but one tongue, and that cannot tell the truth and lies also.'1 As the shadow of death began to fall athwart his way, his heart fearlessly faced the unknown future ; and in the conversation, he expressed no fear of meeting the Great Spirit, in whose existence he firmly believed. He requested the Indian Agent to ' bury him on his feet' (a symbol of his soul's progression), andjto see that ' no dirt was put upon his head' (a symbol of his purity). The first request could not be granted ; but the promise was made that no dirt should be put upon his coffin. The funeral of the old man was simple, but strange and weird. After the tribe had assembled at his home, remarks were made, and prayer ofiered to the Great Spirit by one of his old comrades, who asked that in his journey to the happy Hunting Grounds, a messenger might be sent from the other land to show him the way. Then a procession was formed, and with wild chants, he was carried to the brow of a hill in the forest, and In a lonely place, left for his final rest. In acccordance with the promise made him, a shallow grave was dug just large enough to receive the air-tight coffin, on which no earth was placed. Over this was built a little house, which was inclosed in a larger one. His companions placed by his side a hand mirror, a comb, and other articles, with rice and pounded corn, that he might journey in comfort toward the Land of Souls ; and then a prayer was offered, again entreating the Great Spirit to send a messenger to meet him on the way. A brother chieftain, for whom a little shelter had been built, close by the grave, remained there alone for three days and three nights, to keep him company, ere he should depart on his long and perilous journey, over the spirit prairie, and river, to the Country of Souls. Bury me on my feet, Beneath the linden tree ! Boldly my spirit would pass on, To the Country of the Free. Boldly as when I tracked The red wolf to his den ; And chased the buffalo and deer, O'er mountain, moor and glen. Heap up no mound of earth, No dust upon my head, To tell the wondering passers by I slumber with the dead. Not dead! there is no death, No slumber to the Brave ! The good shall triumph over death, And live beyond the grave. Bury me on my feet ! Still onward would I go — Onward, still onward, as I walked While journeying here below. I walked no crooked ways; I scorned Deceit and Wrong; I set a seal upon my lips, A bridle on my tongue. Bury me on my feet ! Wail out no dirge for me, I go to Him from whom I came — The Great, the Good, the Free ! Sing your triumphant songs, Till the forests ring afar, I go, as chieftain never went, With all the spoils of war. Bury me on my feet, That all who pass may say, ' Straight as his arrow flew, his soul Is marching on its way. He walked the trail of Truth ; His feet no fetters knew ; His soul is marching on, to join The Faithful, Just and True ! ' Canaan, N. Y.