THE GOOD TIME COMING ANNA WHITE There are few in existence, comparatively speaking, who have failed to catch this sound as it reverberates from the smoldering ashes of past centuries. Ancient seers with extended vision caught glimpses of it. Prophets and propketeses—rife with inspiration — proclaimed its near approach. Poets in rytlmiical measure wrote and sung: 'Of a time and a holy way, Where the unclean foot shall never tread, But from it the lowly shall not stray, To it the penitent shall be led. No lion shall rouse him from his lair, No wild beast raven in foaming rage ; But the redeemed of earth shall there Pursue their peaceful pilgrimage. The ransomed of God shall return to him With a chorus of joy to an angel's lay ; With a tear of grief shall no eye be dim, For sorrow and sighing shall flee away.' All that is inherent in the human heart, that tends to uplift and elevate it from inferior conditions, and points to a higher and better life — something still beyond that has not yet been attained — is God-given. Even though the goal of anticipation is not reached, still the effort remains for succeeding generations. As the ' iniquities of the fathers are visited upon the children,' in the natural order, so does the baptism and inspiration of the prophets and sages of one dispensation rest upon another. Each dispensation derives benefit from the preceding one. One is as essential to the other as are the rudiments 01 education to the scholar. In alphabetical precision knowledge is acquired, neglect the fundamental principles of it and we get the result. Had the inspired prophets of past centuries lived to witness the fulfillment of their predictions—even to the degree that has been already attained—they would probably have felt that their hopes, desires and prayers had been met and answered in a large measure ; and in joyful accents, from the fulness of their hearts would be heard to say: ' It is enough fur us; the good time lias come; our work is finished ; Lord let thy servants rest in peace !' Angels would respond amen. True, the present generation of workers in the many fields of labor opened before them can see much more to be done before the good time which has been and is promised shall have been reached, and they continue to break the fallow ground, and sow the seed, perhaps for other hands to reap. ' One sows and another reaps.' We sing of our fathers and mothers who have preceded us, ' We reap where they have sown, and the harvest fields have grown, and the fruits of faith and righteousness appear;' still the law and order that regulated them in their intercourse with each other would be thraldom to the liberty-loving people of our day, who incline to rush forward with a wild enthusiasm that soon comes to a terminus, and retrogression is sure to follow. In this respect we must not be children, but men and women of God who work and wait patiently, with that sweet confiding trust, so prominent in those of the early Christian church. To indorse all of the fundamental principles of Christianity and abide by them does not infer that we of the nineteenth century have not a work to do as well as our predecessors; far from it. ' Of the increase of his government and peace, to order and to establish it with judgment and with justice, there shall be no end.' As we partake of, and enjoy the fulfillment of many of the prophesies — ' of the lutter day of liberty and peace, of freedom of conscience and the rights of man'—we too must increase and advance, as the light is revealed, and the way made manifest; our righteousness should exceed their righteousness. Admitting as we do, that a bright morn has dawned upon us — that the Son and Daughter of Righteousness have arisen 'with healing in their wings,' and that to many the good time has already come — yet do we look forward to the better time coming, when all the nations of the earth shall learn she cause of war and bloodshed, when the land shall be free to homeless millions, and where neither rich or poor, black or white, bond or free exist, and the knowledge of the 171 172 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Lord shall cover the earth as the waters cover the sea; then shall we arrive at the acme of the highest aspirations and hopes that we then possessed, but when attained, heights above will loom up to our vision, showing that eternal progress must mark the course of mortals through successive generations. Mi. Lebanon, N. Y.