COPY OF A LETTER GILES B. AVERY To the Editor of a Country Paper, bearing date January 6, 1880. Mt. Lebanon, Columbia Co., N. Y. D. H. Talbot: Esteemed Friend. — In your issue of December, 1879, in your leading article, dwelling on the Mormons of Utah, and thence proceeding to refer them to what you term ' the Example of the Shaker Community of New York State,' we see you made a sorrowful mistake, calculated to entirely misinform your readers relative to the true character of the Shaker Community. Of THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 179 course we understand the same to have been done ignorantly and unsuspectingly. You referred to the ' Oneida Community ' whose basic principle was complex marriage, and called it a Shaker Community. Now the Shaker Institution is the exact antipode of the Oneida Community, and has been so from its inception. All Shaker Communities hold Virgin Celibacy to be a cardinal principle of Christianity, and neither marry nor are given in marriage, nor do they admit of sexual indulgences of the animal passions in any form, or under any circumstances in the conduct of the members of the Shaker Household of Faith, whether they have joined the Shaker Commune, or live in isolation from it in outside society. The Shakers do '' not forbid to marry ' nor ' command to abstain from meats' nor do they ' constrain to marry,' 'Tis true they protest against, and do not use pork, having abundant evidence that its use abundantly contributes to the origin of inflammatory diseases and virulent sores. The Shakers understand marriage to be essentially and exclusively a jvorldly institution ; and, as Jesus declared ' My Kingdom is not of this world (or the world), therefore marriage does not belong to the kingdom of Christ. Jesus Christ did not object to marriage per se. He said, ' The children of this world ' (the world ) ' marry, and are given in marriage, but they that are counted worthy to obtain that world ' (the Heavenly, the habitation of the ''New Creator in Christ Jesus ' whether in this present time, or after they have shuffled off the mortal coil) 'neither marry nor are given in marriage, but are ' (present tense) ' as the Angels of God in Heaven.' In following Jesus, the Shakers do not object to marriage, as a worldly institution, but think it, when used in a normal manner, the most fitting social relation for a worldly kingdom, but only when freed from the abuses from the sexual relations which embrute man and degrade woman, and which now extensively, if not almost universally, envelop the marriage relations. We recognize that all persons are not able to become subjects of the kingdom of Christ in this world, but agreeably to the words of Jesus: 'Others make themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of Heaven's sake' (not physically, but spiritually and socially considered). Yet, as Jesus further says, ¦' All men cannot receive this saying, save they to whom it is given ; he that is able to receive it, let him.' The Shakers understand that the only God-given use of sex is reproduction ; and, had mankind always regarded and obeyed the simple laws of nature relative to sexual relations, generation, for the kingdom of this world, would have been as good, as innocent, as eating or drinking; but even then it would not and could not have satisfied all the longings of undemoralized normal humanity ; because that would have been simply satisfying the demands of the physical body, and man has a soul that as really yearns for its development, evolution and support, as doth the animal body. Hence had man always regarded the laws of God in nature, in regard to the sexual and social relations, when the female had fulfilled the normal age of reproduction, both the man and woman should cease from sexual commerce entirely, and henceforth becoming spiritually excited only, should have thenceforth ' taken the kingdom of heaven normally, not by violence,' but, as the next step of human evolution in climbing the ladder of human progress which the patriarch Jacob saw in vision, reaching from earth to Heaven* But let it everlastingly be kept before the eyes of the people, and burned into their very soul's escutcheon, that marriage and its legitimate fruit, generation, belongs entirely and exclusively to the worldly order, and has no part nor lot in the kingdom of Christ! Mount Lebanon, N. Y.