COVENANT BY SACRIFICE ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE What is the Christian's cross, and sacrifice, and what the reward ? Truth is a unit, absolute and indivisible, and always seeks to gather into one. Error, its opposite, leads to inharmony, and tends to individualize, scatter and divide. The prophets in ancient Israel, when imbued with the Christ-spirit which had come down through the ages, cried, ' Gather my saints together, they who have made a covenant with me by sacrifice.' Men and women, while in a natural, unregenerate state, are selfish in their loves, divided in their interests, and each, according to their capacity, seeks his or her gain from their quarter, and neglect to seek their neighbor's wealth. This narrow, selfish spirit in human hearts has been the great barrier in the way of spiritual progress ; and it has stifled the voice and killed the prophets, and stoned the loving messengers sent of God to gather them under the wings of Divine protection, even 'as a hen would gather her brood under her wings ; ' which could not be done, except through sacrifice of individual interests and selfish loves ; else, there would be no cohesion nor power of attraction to bind and hold together. Thus the good spirit through the prophets grievously added, 'But ye would not.' Why? Because of the cross, the sacrifice called for, that was, and is, a rock of offense, over which multitudes stumble ! God, who is long suffering and abundant in goodness and truth, waits for the ripening of the golden grain, and continues to point to a harvest, a time of reaping and gathering the fruits of the seeds which the martyrs, seers and sages have sown in tribulation and tears, while they mourned over the degeneracy of the race in their time. Still, those faithful servants of God were inspired with faith and hope, and toiled on, trusting that in His own good time He would fulfill all His promises. Great principles have been at work, rolling onward the car of progress, through various instrumentalities ; and as civilization goes on, and light increases, those principles are more apparent, and claim the attention of deep thinking men and women more and more. All must admit that within the three last decades more has been accomplished in natural art and science than in the preceding half century. Great moral principles come in for their full share. Those noble souls who enlisted in the cause of the down-trod- 174 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. den African, who toiled with little to encourage and much to oppose, and hoped as it were against hope, nerved themselves for the conflict, and struggled on. God was with them, and they triumphed. Are not their sufferings, their prayers and deeds recorded where they will not be effaced ? The wheels are moving. The denunciators of war are becoming more numerous, and they protest against it, not only as being unchristian, but as inhuman also, and are making great efforts to convince the civil leaders of nations and kingdoms that it would be far better to call home their war ships, destroy their navies, disband their armies, and let all the blood-thirsty and blood-shedding warriors engage in some honest, honorable and peaceful employment, and learn to settle all vexed and knotty questions and difficulties by the reasoning powers, which is God's throne in man and woman, in lieu of carnal weapons. This cannot be effected without great individual sacrifice of opinion as well as love of power and authority. No true principle will ever be maintained and brought to a successful issue, except by selfsacrifice and diligent exertion. Millions of people at the present time feel that intemperance is a direful curse which threatens to deluge the land; that it is the source, or seductive incitation, to sensuality, murder, and every crime that demoralizes and sinks humanity below the brute creation. The question arises : Can the opponents of war, of intemperance, and all the great evils which exist under different names, work the most successfully, and conquer those wrongs in human society the most effectively, by working within certain limits, each in a different field, or by concentrating their forces and working in harmonious relations together ? Strong efforts have been put forth within the last century to form Communistic societies upon the basis of temporal economy and social advantages without the sacrifice of natural loves and selfish interests, which make especial provision for me and mine. All efforts hitherto made to organize upon that basis have proved abortive. When will human beings \ progress to a condition that love to God and love to man shall take precedence and rise superior to all other loves, and form communities upon a religious basis so deep and broad that it will embrace and enfold all that is good and true, physical, moral and spiritual ? We need not question the possibility of such an attainment. The pentecostal church, founded in apostolic days, is our witness. Let us examine the foundation of that noble structure, which arose in such perfection of beauty that it has claimed the attention and admiration of myriads of thinking people from that age to this. The underlying principles were a virgin life, non-resistance, and community of interests in all things pertaining to body and soul. The maintenance of those principles could not be effected except by great individual sacrifice. Nor were they able to make that sacrifice until, like Jesus, they were baptized with the Holy Spirit, and received spiritual power from the unseen world. Virgin purity was the rock upon which that organization rested ; and while they strictly maintained their testimony in regard to that principle, and kept it inviolate, they prospered, but when they listened to the siren song which the deceptive spirit that the gods and goddesses of carnal pleasure began to sing in their ears, little by little they lost their spiritual power, and went back to their former condition of servitude in the generative, order, marrying and being given in marriage, and of making provision for the flesh, forming selfish relations which involved the necessity of private individual property, and they were scattered and no longer recognized as a ' peculiar people,' worthy of God's especial notice and care. Principles do not change, 'like causes will produce like effects.' The true Christ-spirit always seeks to gather into one. False christs and prophets are seductive, and seek to divide and scatter. They cry, ' Lo here and lo there !' and point to the deserts and to the secret chambers. They who heed and follow that voice are unwise. Where the truth, the body, or ' the carcase is,' there will God direct His angels to gather His elect. We are not able to see how one principle upon which the primitive pentecostal church was THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 175 founded could with safety have been omitted, nor even one timber from the superstructure. SAakers, or believers in Christ's second coming, by a baptism of the same spirit, have been led and directed to found an institution upon the same principles that the first Christian church rested upon; that is, virgin life, non-resistance, community of property, with the addition of a dual government, where the rights of woman are recognized, and the ' counsel of peace ' is between the male and female ; and this institution seeks to gather all that is good and true to its embraces ; but it requires a sacrifice of all. It is a priceless pearl if obtained. That is the reward ! If the Shakers ever lay down their testimony in regard to the principle of a celibate life, so soon will they leaven back into the spirit and element of the world, and disintegration will follow as a sequence ! The system of ideas and principles that have held believers together for a century, if faithfully maintained, will bear them on and prosper them spiritually and temporally through the centuries yet to come. There is room within Zion's boundary lines for all the progress that increasing light may call for, upon the basis of more cross, and denial to the pleadings of the carnal mind; but we need to be very careful not to heed every call for change, and name it progress, when in reality it is a spirit of innovation seeking to weaken instead of strengthening Zion's bulwarks. It is always safe to try the spirits who come to minister unto us. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.