CHRISTIAN PROGRESS MARCIA M. BULLARD It is a recognized fact that all nature is constantly changing and progressing. Under her wise laws inertia is unknown. The human mind is incapable of inactivity ; therefore through its mediumship the lightnings are chained, the elements forced to serve, and the bowels of the earth give up their hidden treasures. Though man has progressed from the thatched hovel to the stately mansion ; from the slow plodding to fifty miles an hour; from the beacon light to the electric flash ; yet, where is the finite mind wise enough to penetrate the arcana of infinite wisdom ? And where the savant so steeped in knowledge, so imbued with power, or so familiar with Divine plans, that he can limit the revelations of progressive truths ? Did God stamp progress on all the visibilities of nature, and form man with powers to penetrate her most hidden secrets, and leave his immortal intelligences dormant ? Has He so limited the comprehension of spiritual truths as to render them unprogressive, or reserved unto Himself the power of conferring the boon of knowledge upon a favored few ? Is truth universal, and is its revelation within the reach of every spiritual mind ? One star differs from another in glory, yet all shine ; so one organization comprehends more of the Divine than another ; yet all truths are of God. The agitation of thought develops mind. A rap on the head set Newton to thinking. So prone is the human mind to the narrowness of educational prejudices that it often requires severe raps to break the old shell of conservatism and let in the new light of progressive truths. It is a wise provision of nature that we differ, and a revelation of truth that we agree to differ peacefully. Here is the patience of the saints, and herein is the wisdom of the saints, that difference of opinions does not hinder conformity to the good, the pure and the true. Neither will it impede the flow of those Divine influences that rill the soul with wisdom and love — God. When revelation ceaseth, the people perish, starve, spiritually. ' A famine, not of bread and water, but of hearing the word of God.' The soul then becomes hungry and seeks the Egyptian food of fashion, popularity and ease. When the ancient Israelites tried the experiment of popularity and made themselves a king, they lost their spirituality. When the Quakers so far forgot their union that they wrangled about doctrine, they sank into worldliness. When the Methodists tired of their plainness, and ran after the fashions of the world, they no longer had spiritual gifts, nor came under the influence of the power of God ; and the Shakers should profit by their example. But how shall Christians progress ? Shall they be wafted about by every wind of doctrine, or, stand stiff in conservatism ? Shall they run after the fashions, follies and gaie- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. ties of the children of this world, or shall they attire themselves in plain, neat apparel, corresponding with their profession, becoming a living testimony of the Christ-life, and a swift witness against the vanities of worldliness ? It is often remarked that among an array of ideas, which ones shall be adopted ? But here is a criterion by which to try the spirits. Every spirit that saith come up higher, bear more cross, practice more self-denial, live more separate from worldly influences, is safe to follow. Should not Christians, in times of prosperity, as well as in days of adversity, be known by their garb, and should they not be so innocent of the sin of covetousness that they would not accumulate to themselves more than forty-nine changes of raiment ? In former times Wisdom required the whole heart. How can Christians devote the whole heart to God and godliness when so much of it is given to the unnecessary things of this life ? For artificial wants far exceed the real needs in the earth-life. Harvard, Mass.