OUR GIANT ENEMY This age is not one of religious enthusiasm. Not that we would picture this enthusiasm in sombre garments, eccentric habits nor long, unpleasant faces, but we would increase the beautiful in all souls ; the cheerful in all hearts ; the sunshine in all feelings and the happiest outburst of good humor in the spirits of the whole world. In this brilliant glow of brightness, we would look for the finest growth of fruits resulting from religious elements. The conflicting cause of ungodliness, of irreligion, is the god of this world, Selfishness. Deprived of this monster, gloom disappears, hatred, envy, jealousy and all evils leading to murder vanish away ; and the glorious day of God is ushered in. With selfishness denied, we'll have no need of the wide phylactery, the stubborn fast, nor stated prayers, we'll judge the tree by what it bears. The whole sin of the world is comprehended by the term Selfishness. The only hindrance to a genuine religious revival that would be eternal in length and consequences is found bounded by the same term. The great gulf between God and the soul is measured by selfishness ; while the approach to heaven on earth, or in future worlds, is only made possible by the practice of its opposite. Ungodliness and worldly lusts define selfishness : while rigid self-denial to this, acts as a dispelling influence upon those. There can be no selfishness in the Heaven of Christ. There may be 204 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. and probably is a godly emulation there ; but this emulation will be a strife as to who can be the most unselfish. All the taught self-denials of Christ were directed against this giant enemy to human peace and happiness. The love of our neighbor measures the honor we have for G-od, and in the degree we are selfish, we hate our brother and dishonor our Maker. The worship of Grod then does not consist in prayer-making nor in psalm-singing, so much as living in the happifying, religious element of unselfishness. Does any one ask how best to gain this element? Follow Christ. 'If any one would be a disciple ' of the most unselfish, happiest individual known to history, ' let him deny himself' just as Jesus did, take up the same crosses He did, and 'follow Him.' Let everyone, in every possible way, fight this giant enemy of humanity, and begin the fight in his own breast, and then will the age be one of glorious religious elements and the fruits of peace. ^r