A PRAYER ROBERT M. WAGEN [sic] O heavenly Father draw nigh unto us at this time. Hear, O hear our humble prayer. We ask in faith ! We know Thine ear is not heavy that it cannot hear. We come to Thee hungering in spirit, and ask that our immortal spirit may be fed. In our Father's house there is bread enough, and to spare. If we ask Thee for bread, Thou wilt not give us a stone; and if we ask for a fish, we will not receive a serpent. We are thirsty ! Do refresh us. Give us, O Lord, we pray, the waters of life everlasting ; may it flow in pure and living streams from Thy heavenly fountain. We are needy. We ask in earnest. We will not let Thee go so long as we have life and breath. We will offer up to Thee, before Thy throne of grace, our humble oblations of prayer, and praise and thanksgiving. We thank Thee, O heavenly Father, that Thou hast revealed unto us that which Thou hast kept from the rich, the great and learned of this world — the way of salvation from sin. Through faith and obedience to Thy pure way, our souls may reap a rich reward. Send down Thy fire from heaven upon us., that unquenchable fire that will destroy, in us, every thing that is displeasing in Thy sight. May this fire burn, and continue to burn in us, until we have made a full sacrifice of our own wills and our own ways, then will we take pleasure in doing Thy 'will and keeping Thy pure way. We have examined our own hearts, and find them much unchasteiicd and unredeemed from elements opposed to Thy righteousness, and still prone to err, in Thy sight, frequently, so that when we would do that which is pleasing in Thy sight, evil is often present, and we are in danger of transgressing Thy laws. Save us, O save us! In the dawn of the morning, at noon-day, and at even-tide, minister to us, through Thy guardian angels, Thy redeeming grace and power; and though mountains sink, and valleys rise, and kingdoms to destruction go, help us to stand fast, and through faith and prayer our deliverance from evil find. Mt. Lebanon, N. T.