Editorial COMPARATIVE CHRISTIANITY The scientists of to-day glory in the word comparative. Volume after volume is being issued treating upon comparative anatomy, astronomy, mechanics, etc. We purpose a few words upon the comparative in Christianity. Churches and individuals professing Christ as their Lord and Head will very properly and profitably compare their professionally religious lives with that of the Master whom they honor so much by costly edifices and flattering lips. Of a truth, the best and most acceptable worship of God, or the Christ-spirit, is in living a thorough Christian life. Lip service, unaccompanied by living demonstrations of individuals, which compare well with the life of Christ, is not acceptable praise. Let us compare our lives and our professed Christianity with the same of Jesus. Are we given up to be the subjects of similar selfdenials ? Have we the purity, the peace, the unselfishness and extensive love of humanity that Jesus possessed ? Have we the life and testimony against war, family quarrels, slander and unfriendly gossipings that He had ? Does our relinquishment of family ties, worldly attachments, sexually, socially and politically equal the same of the Master ? Does our love for our fellow men and women forbid in us, as in Jesus, the hoarding of selfish possessions, at the expense of those less fortunately organized? Do we become poor with the poor, dividing our substance to their elevation equal to our own ? Thus did Jesus. Has THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 203 our religious'profession separated us from the world and worldly, that we may devote soul, body and spirit to a higher and nobler cause than the pleasing of self ? For a purpose—and this purpose was to be a noble pattern, a perfect examplerin Christian life, Jesus sustained through life the condition of the Celibate for the kingdom of heaven's sake ; and then turns to His would-be disciples and explicitly says: ' Who so is able, let his Christianity in this compare with mine !' And the large multitudes of professedly Christian people prefer to think they are not able, and decline to draw comparisons. Where is the church, adoring the Christ career, that would hold a similar admiration of Jesus, had He married, reared a family, accumulated personal wealth, mounted to a kingship, led warring hosts in battle, and been the popular hero of the worldly, pleasure-seeking rabble ? Not one, and if for His unworldly distinctions, He is our acceptable Lord, Master and Example, how far, in these same distinctions, does our Christianity demand the following Him ? The bright and beautiful Christian life, lived by Jesus, and taught in his testimony, is the only true life-line for us, and by which to compare our Christian profession. Would we evade the living issue of the Christian profession, and cling to the deathly creeds thatbearno comparison to Jesus' life ? Let the subject be brought up between 'My soul and I,' with every individual ; let the comparison between the Christ life and the popular, Christian profession be honestly drawn, and then let renunciations of all unchristian features ensue, and a reform in our lives begin, comparing well with real life of Christ, which is genuine Christianity. -