ADMONITION [We copy the following spiritual communication from a paper called Human Nature. Its author we don't know ; neither the medium who received it; but it sounds so much like a Shaker communication, that we think it will appear to all as an acceptable gift, properly appropriated by our columns. Ed.] There are many things that I would like to say to the inhabitants of earth — especially to the loving brothers and sisters who in private and public assemblies name by name. Let me admonish them to persevere— to patience under trials—to continue constant in prayer, and to give little heed to familiar spirits, who while really of the world stand behind a screen and delight in much speaking. Though spirits, their Spirit-world is the earth plane of existence. And any communication purporting to come from me that would loosen moral obligations or lower the standard of personal purity is from the adversary. The beloved apostle well said, ' Believe not every spirit; but try the spirits.' Permit me to further say, what has been often said, yet too little heeded by the world, that freedom 'is the natural result of virtue, love and harmony, guided and controlled by wisdom. All true finite freedom is withiK the limits of Divine law and obedience to law must precede the ripening of the soul. God is infinitely free. That which worldly men call freedom, meaning the full exercise of the propensities without restraint, is the deepest and most deadening form of slavery. Such putrid waters drown the soul, and such teachings drag it to perdition. Envy, jealousy, lust and kindred passions are not to be modified and regulated, as some blind teachers have taught; they are to be extirpated, annihilated! Freedom, based upon obedience, practical goodliness, with the exercise of prayer, brings the soul into communion with the Christ-angels. And these often draw near to you in your devotions, and shed upon you their sweet and heavenly influences. The prayed-for increase will come — the invisible forces of heaven are at THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 213 work—-there is a leavening power going on in the wide-spread field of humanity—the darkness is breaking—and the long, tearful serving shall surely bring golden sheaves to Zion. And then the fullness of time having come, shall the church, humble in victory, become the glory of our God. To the families, and all true, unselfish workers on earth, I say, God bless you — let your light shine, continue faithful, be forgiving, love one another with the love that angels know. And 0, my children in Zion, think of the depths of a mother's love ; listen to her voice of admonition ; pray in your times of labor for the presence of heavenly hosts ; sing with the spirit and with the understanding; worship, in song and speech, in march and dance, with enthusiasm. Shake away all vain worldliness, and struggle to conquer the apathy and vile selfishness of yourselves, strive to be living stones of crystal whiteness in the temple of God, and fruitful branches upon that vine of which Christ is the root. I know your trials and your tribulations. They are trifling compared to the sufferings and martyrdom of the 144,000 seen in the Revelator's vision. Numbers do not constitute strength. Jesus trod the wine press alone. Be patient, then; drink from the fountain that quenched the thirst of prophets and apostles — abide by the law and the testimony — walk humbly, trustingly by the still waters — yea, walk and worship in the heart of holiness — walk too, in the waves of simplicity, and keep the faith, till the harvesters, the Christ-angels of the resurrection, put upon your heads crowns of life, into your hands palms of victory, and upon your spiritual bodies robes of purity, preparatory to a glorious and victorious entrance into the blessed and peaceful home of immortality.'