ZION'S SENTINELS ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE They who stand upon the watch-towers of Zion at the present time need to be clearsighted, and to lean upon the staff of truth, and have faith in God and in His promises. Then, with spiritual telescope in hand, they may look for the first signs of the coming of a new day. We may not justly compare the present time to a night of spiritual darkness, but rather to even-tide, when it is twilight, neither light nor dark; the closing up of one day or cycle, preparatory to the commencement of a new epoch. As the shadows of evening gather around, there seems to be a sort of chilliness in the spiritual atmosphere ; a torpid indifference nearly allied to infidelity. The war spirit claims a large share of the attention of what passes under the name of civilized, and shall we say Christian (?) nations ! Logic, debate, theoretical speculations, theological disputations, and political strife, control the heads, steal the heart's affections, and demand the services of the larger portion of the human family at the present, irrespective of and at the expense of the inner soul-life—the conscience. The churches, claiming to be the repositories of Divine truth, are so completely draped in false clothing and fashionable trappings, and so wrapped in creeds and dogmas, that the rays of light from the Sun of Divine revelation cannot shine within their walls to warm and vivify ; and they become as dark caverns, befouled and unhealthy ; living waters from the eternal fountain do not flow through them ; neither do the purifying, invigorating breezes of (rod's iove and truth rind entrance ; and souls famish and die for lack of spiritual sustenance. Yet there are van-guards, tilled with the spirit of progress, in the scientific, moral and spiritual realm of thought and action, steadily advancing onward, and they must of necessity clasp hands and march forward together, else little would be accomplished. God being the source and center of created intelligences in all worlds and spheres, and the prime-mover of all, inharmony in any department would block the wheels and bind the course of the progressive spirit of the age. Down through the rolling cycles of time that have passed God has worked through mediators best adapted to the condition of the race, and has never left the earth without some witnesses who were as guidingstars, emitting light to weary, way-worn travelers, altheugh many times the night seemed long, dark and dreary ! And when the spirit of persecution raged relentlessly, and the oppressor's hand was raised in God's name to strike a deadly blow and extirpate those witnesses, they were nerved and clothed with the martyr spirit, and stood b Idly in defense of true principles as revealed to them ; and cheerfully endured pain rather than accept pleasure at the expense of the dictates of conscience, and convictions of right and justice* Their highest ideal and conceptions of God's attributes may have fallen far short of the knowledge, wisdom and grace of the present age ; yet they will be looked upon by incoming generations with admiration, and be honored for their spirit of self-sacrifice and devotion to principle, and their willingness to suffer rather than to bow to the exactions, and obey the behests of tyrannical rulers and ambitious leaders, civil or ecclesiastical, or both powers combined. When we contemplate and take cognizance of the great political struggles and hardfought battles for place and power, through craft and cunning device, by designing men in the earth-sphere, the question would arise how far the same spirit will extend into the unknown and boundless regions of the uuseen world ? Death will not change the desires of human heart, nor quench the unhallowed fires that burn there, nor destroy the motives which prompt to action and to satiate their cupidity. America at her present time counts her tens of thousands and millions of inhabitants—through dishonest means, are drawing support from the public treasury, striving to enact new laws to strengthen them in pursuit of unjust claims and love of dominion. That a better and higher code of civil jurisprudence is needed, no one will dispute ; THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 201 the progressive spirit of the times calls for it; at the same time it demands justice, and that change be brought about to sustain the right, by just legislation and not by the force of revolution. Lovers of true liberty will not rest until the banner of freedom waves in triumph over all American citizens, high and low. As our thoughts reach out into the boundless realms of immortal existence, where are gathered innumerable hosts of nations, kindreds and tongues, we marvel and query concerning the vast empire, its laws and government, and how the wheels are kept moving. If our world is a reflex of the inner worlds or spheres, then may we conclude that congresses, higher and lower tribunals, resembling those in our own country through which we are now journeying, exist there, only perhaps called by different names. We read about altars and white thrones in that land ! We could wish there were none but white thrones on our earth, where Justice, clad in robes of Love and Mercy, might sway the scepter.