Home Topics Coffee .—Take one tea-cup of Java, or whatever, kind you have, break in one egg, stir together, add cold water, then turn on boiling hot water, set on the back of stove, let it stand fifteen or twenty minutes, and I will warrant you to have a good dish if plenty of sugar and cream are added. I have a coffee-pot that holds about three pints. Lime slacked with a solution... Lime slacked with a solution of salt in water, and thinned with skimmed milk, from which all the cream has been taken, makes a permanent whitewash for out-door work, and it is said, renders the wood incombustible. It is an excellent wash for preserving shingles and for all farm-buildings. Tomatoes .—Baked tomatoes are very nice when prepared in the following manner; ' Place solid, large tomatoes in a deep dish; open each tomato at the top and put in a few bread or cracker crumbs, pepper, salt, and a little butter. Bake for about one hour in a moderately hot oven until the crumbs and tomatoes are a nice brown.' To broil tomatoes, take solid ' beef steak ' tomatoes, cut in rather thin slices, broil them until brown, season with pepper, salt, and butter; serve plain or on toast. Preserving Cucumbers .— Cucumbers for pickles may be preserved as follows : When fresh gathered, wash them in cold water, then put them in a pail with salt, and let them stay 12 hours ; then put them into a tub or barrel of brine as strong as it can be made and some salt left at the bottom. After a time more salt should be added so that some is always left undissolved at the bottom. To pickle them, take them out of the brine, soak them over night in fresh cold water; then drain them, put them in a jar or bottle, with spice and red peppers, and pour hot vinegar over them, and seal them up at once. They will keep for years thus preserved. How to Treat a Frightened Horse A man who has had much experience in managing horses says: ' Whenever nervous horsemen notice their horse directing his 210 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. ear to any point whatever, or indicating the slightest disposition to become afraid, let them, instead of pulling the reins to bring the horse toward the object causing its nervousness, pull upon the other side. This will instantly divert the attention of the horse from the object which is exciting his suspicion, and in ninety-nine cases out of one hundred the horse will pay no more attention to the object fram which he will fly away if forcibly driven to it by pulling on the wrong rein. The practice most persons have of forcing a horse up to the object frightening is dangerous and useless.'