RELIGION AND SCIENCE F. W. Evans It is said that in the most ancient Egypt when the pyramids were built, some seventy of which still remain in the valley of the Nile, Religion and Science were united in a male and female priesthood. In confirmation of this view, the principal pyramid of Gizah, it is affirmed, is a stone record of the solution of some of the most abstruse problems in astronomy and geology, mathematically demonstrated. Admitting that such was the case, and then assuming that in the modern Egypt of the time of Moses, a state of degeneracy existed that the true knowledge of God had been lost and a spiritual, scientific, rational worship was turned into a depraved, idolatrous worship of inanimate things, crawling serpents, or four-footed beasts, we have a good reason for the introduction of a new dispensation by a new Revelation that commenced in a wave of spiritualistic power which passed over the whole nation and ended in Egypt, throwing off' a new colony of-human beings as a hive of bees would throw off a new swarm. If Moses was learned in all the learning of ancient Egypt, had he not a fountain of knowledge to draw from somewhat analogous to the modern Christian who is learned in all the learning of primitive Christianity? The kingdom of heaven is like a man who draws from his treasure-house things new and old. Moses drew from the traditions and stone histories of his people (being for 400 years Egyptian) a knowledge of the past, and through Spiritualism (see his doings in that line) and by a Divine Revelation, he saw a pattern in the mount of what his new colony should attain unto in the latter days of their history. Results of a practical character were attained through these several agencies. The laws went up — Egypt went down — Egypt had been the granary of other nations whence they drew their supply of bread-stuffs, as America is fast becoming the world's granary in our own times. Now, Egypt is a physical and moral desolation, her people a by-word, her government a misnomer. In ancient Egypt women and men were equal, and united like their Science and Religion In the regenerative, reconstructive process of Moses, this truth was at once made prominent. No sooner were the armies of Egypt, with the chariots and horsemen thereof destroyed, and Israel set free in a land all their own, than Miriam took a timbrel in her hand and went forth in a religious dance — all Israel, with Moses at their head, following her. Some four thousand years afterward, another woman did the same thing, when celebrating deliverance from the so-called Christendom, the Egypt of her day and time, and the beginning of an epoch quite as unique and divergent from the old order as was the new departure of Israel from Egypt. Now, as then, the new swarm had a new Queen. As was Miriam so was Ann Lee, a woman to be wondered at, as Moses and his archetype, Jesus, were men to be wondered at. Both of those women went forth in the religious dance of those who make merry. 196 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 197 In the grand march of humanity toward a new millennial Era, Dispensations are the mile stones of progress from faith to faith, and systems of Theology and of Science, falsely so called, are the steps they take. Naturalists affirm that Queen Bees are evolved from the larva of common bees, by the superior quality of food that they are fed with. Neither do they raise one single Queen, but a number of them. They depend upon the survival of the fittest, for the Queens strive for the mastery until only one is left to direct the hive. Thus also was the whole house of Israel fed upon angels' food— Manna — until they were developed into a nation of spiritual Rulers, a royal priesthood, whose province it was to govern the nations. Their God was a God of the gods of other nations, who would rule the nations as with a rod of iron, her people to be kings and priests unto God, over all other people who would be blessed or cursed according as they blessed or cursed Jews. Yet, like the multiplicity of Queens in a hive, not all of them went into the land of promise to rule who came out of Egypt, They were destroyed by successive slaughters in the wilderness where their carcases fell to enrich the desert land, that nothing be lost — and of all the Egyptian colony and the mixed multitude who followed them, only two were counted worthy to enter the land of Canaan as leaders, and those two were men. The Queen was to be evolved from the mass of humanity, by successive cycles of progress in coming ages. The King of the Jews was produced by the Eastern world — the Queen by the Western or Gentile nations. The Queen was two thousand years growing up out of the Gentile races. In the commencement of an epoch, Science and Religion are born by Revelation, like soul and body. It may be through a learned man like Moses, or an unlettered man like Jesus, or an ignorant woman (ignorant scientifically) like Ann Lee. Of Jesus men asked, ' Whence hath this man this knowledge, seeing he knoweth not letters?' When Science is falsely so-called and Religion is turned into tithes of Cumin and Avis, Theology becomes senselessly ridiculous or absurd, and Science simply bewildering. They are then the old Heavens and old earth which pass away with much noise and opposition, giving place to the newT heavens and new earth of the coming Epoch — new Science — new religion. The new comes gradually, with many reactions and backslidings. Without a living, zealous testimony, any body of religious, progressive people will leven back to the weak and beggarly elements of the world--the order out of which they were rising — as easily as the south would go back to slavery but for the Constitutional amendment. When such a people are sustained by generation, birth-right members, it is only a matter of time when they will cease to be. But if sustained by conviction and conversion of souls, they will increase with the increase of God, because such souls bring increase with them. It is give and take — those who shall come from the east, west, north and south will come as sinners, with weeping and supplication. Let him who standeth take heed lest he fall, for God is impartial and good — is spirit, knowing no man after the flesh —is exacting according to the light imparted. All should so live that none be cast out of the kingdom to make room for others.