THE LOVE REALM ELVAH F. COLLINS Let us live in the love realm, where heavenly flowers Bud, never to wither, bloom, never to die. Where the cold breath of hatred, malice and envy, Debarred from an entrance are doomed to pass by; There, every thing smiles in an eternal summer, As cycles and seons forever roll on, Defaced not by history of carnage and bloodshed, That blackened the pages of time that is gone. Let us live in the love realm ! Where brotherly kindness Is painting Samaritan deeds on the walls, Of temples held sacred to kindly affection, Where never a frown or an erring one falls. O! the beautiful love realm, where men walk as angels, Whose words in a language all silent, express The wealth of their souls—forgiving, forgetting, Sung to the strain 'God is Love'—He doth bless! Let us live in the love realm ! nor fold to our bosoms This heaven-born treasure, to dwell there alone; But give it expansion in hearts warm and tender, Give fruit unto others from seed God has sown. Aye! the sweets of the love realm are ever in waiting For those who are ling'ring just outside the vale, Who feel many longings to join with the ransomed, Yet cling to the treasures that constantly fail. Let us live in the love realm ! Behold, in all nature The grasses and flowers in unison blend! 'Tis only in animal life that we witness, The elements that to contention would tend ; As the spirit expands in the knowledge of wisdom, The few petty trials of earth-life seem vain, And grievances that unto us once were heavy, Our memories then would no longer retain. If we live in the love realm, our fingers with magic Will touch the right chord on the harp of the soul, And waken response in a tone, of life better Than in spheres where the spirit of tumult controls ! And the cross that before us seemed stern and forbidding, With budlets and blossoms of joy will be twined, And life once disconsolate, hopeless and dreary, Grow bright as the sky full of clouds silver-lined. Let us live in the love realm ! the golden rule heeding, To do unto others as we'd be done by, And scatter the clouds that o'er us are pending, As the north wind drives southward, the storm gath'ring nigh. Our home may be heaven, and life, one of pleasure, By giving a kind word or smile as we go, And thus bear aloft Love's beautiful banner To wave in the triumph of victory below.