'SHINE,' IN TWO PLACES Under a railway arch. The trains trundled over it. Carts and cabs and wagons rumbled under it. Men and women, and children too, more than ever he counted, went past that arch to the station. And just at the corner, on the flag-stones under the arch, stood Kif, ready to black anybody's boots. Blacking boots is not easy. Not many boys and girls like the job. Kif did not like it at first. Only, you see, he had to do it. Eh ! What did you say ? You'd be ashamed ? Surely not! Not ashamed to work? Oh, ashamed to black boots, do you mean ? But why ? There may be two thousand millions of big and little feet in this world where God has put us. Why 206 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. should any boy be ashamed to help make some of those feet nice ? Any way, that happened to be the bit of work that Kif Diamond had to do in this world. And I want to tell you how he did it, and what came of it. At first, I said, Kif was not fond of the work. He was only ten years old, remember. Play was just as sweet to him as to you; and he liked it better than work. But his father was away at sea these years, and his mother had got hurt and had to keep at home. So there was nothing for it but that Kif must work. One morning Kif was at his corner early. He didn't know that there had been a great meeting in the great hall of the town the night before. He was just standing looking at the old church clock, watching a sparrow trying to perch on one of the golden figures, when Kif's eye caught sight of a tall stranger looking at the church and walking along slowly. ' Shine, sir ?' The stranger started. He was almost frightened. He didn't know there was a boy so near. But when the tall gentleman turned round, he found Kif ready with his box and blacking-pot, and a brush in each hand, saying : ' Shine, sir ?' The gentleman looked down at Kif and smiled. He was on his knees already. He was ready to begin. The gentleman's boots had not been cleaned that morning, or else he had soiled them again. So, almost before he thought of it, Kif was brushing away at the boots of the tall stranger. And the gentleman had to lean his back against the wall of the arch ; and he held his foot up on the shoe-black's box, and began to talk to Kif quite friendly. They talked a long time. ' There's your penny, see,' said the gentlemen, just as he was going. Kif smiled, but didn't take it. ' It's twopence before eight, sir, he said. 'Oh!' laughed the gentleman, 'is that it ? Well, Kif, you are a boy. There you are now ; don't forget what I told you.' And the gentleman walked away, seeming happy that he had seen Kif. And Kif would have been happier still had he known that he had just been speaking to one of the greatest men in England. What did that great man say to Kif Diamond 1 I cannot tell. But this I know, that Kif began to black boots better than ever, after that. He didn't use to mind much if he could just daub on the blacking, and rub one or two shiny places on the tops of the boots, and get his penny. Kif had got a new idea into his busy head now. He would never ' cat-lick ' a boot again. He would do all around the heels and the edges, and the creases and the niches. No matter how dirty, no matter how dull the boots and shoes were, Kif set himself to make them shine, clean, bright, or, as he called it, 'boot-i-ful.' I wonder whatever it could be that the great man whispered to Kif. Was it something about doing his work well ? Did he tell him not to be ashamed of it ? Perhaps he told Kif that everybody should work. Perhaps he whispered to him that Prime Ministers have to work. Perhaps he showed Kif how the great round world is like a clock; it must go. And there are little wheels and large wheels in it, and there are springs and chains and weights in it; and, unless all these work, the clock won't go, the world will stop. I wonder did he tell Kif that Jesus was once a carpenter, and how He came to be after that the Master and the Christ. How He worked, and how the great God is always working. I dare say he was sure to tell Kif to black boots well ; and Kif Diamond began to be merry at his work, after that. His work was not a bit easier, but he sometimes sang to it, and he sometimes whistled to it. And see! I want to tell you a secret. This, when Kif whistled over his work, he always whistled quick tunes. Do you know why ? Because it seemed to put oil into his elbows and music into his muscles. Slow tunes made him work slow. Quick tunes made him work quick. Another good thing he did was this : he always kept his own shoes clean and bright. So, when any one was coming down the station steps into town, Kif would be there at his corner, a brush in each hand; and THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. with one hand he would point down at his own bright shoes, and with the other he would point down at the traveler's dull, soiled boots, and Kif would say : 'Shine, sir?' And who could help but have his boots blacked by such a boy. ' Kif,' said I one day, ' what's the grandest word you know ? ' And he out with it at once : ' Shine.' In front of a big factory. There was a girl just coming out of it one evening. She shook her shawl and threw it round her shoulders, then she stood outside, waiting for some one else. It was a boot and shoe factory, and I think the girl's work was to stitch that pretty flowering on the toes of the boots. Another girl came running out, and she said : ' Nell, have you heard the news? ' 'No ; what?' asked Nell. ' Why, our master's going to be made mayor of the town; and he'll be magistrate, and have a grand robe on him, and a gold chain, and be called ' Your Worship,' and I don't know what. Just fancy! ' And Nancy's eyes danced full of pleasure while she told all this to Nell. Indeed, both girls looked well pleased. They seemed to straighten themselves up quite proudly. And, as they walked down the street toward home together, they couldn't help swaggering, and they couldn't help talking about it. ' And see,' said Nell, ' they say that when he come here first he hadn't never a penny in his pocket.' ' But he's lots of money now,' broke in Nancy. ' Yes,' replied Nell. 'Look at his big house he built, beside the factory. Did you ever see master's mother ? ' ' His mother ? No ! You mean his wife,' exclaimed Nancy. ' No,' said Nell, ' I mean his old mother. She's lame. She came to church one Sunday, and the master's boys, all six of 'em, were wanting to take a hand at helping her. You would have laughed. Only I cried,' whispered Nell, for she had a tender heart, ' to see them all loving her so. But they say the boys never saw their grandfather. He never came back from sea.' 'Do you remember,' said Nancy, ' the Christmas supper master gave us ? Wasn't it jolly? And what he told us about that little boy. See, I believe it was him. And he makes his boys work now. And he won't have any work done bad. And he gives away such money ! And he does like to talk to children ; and everybody likes him.' And so the two separated. And it was as they said. Their good master was chosen mayor of the town. All men of all sorts did him honor. Working-men honored him, too, for he was himself a worker. Some great man had spoken a good word to him once when he was a boy. He never forgot it. He did three things, he worked, and learned, and saved. Shall I tell you who he was ? Did you ever hear of Kif, the shoeblack ? It is the same boy. ' For men are only boys grown tall, And hearts don't change much, after all.' And I wonder if, when Christopher Diamond, Esq., sat in the splendid chair, and they robed him in splendid robes, and adorned him with a great gold chain, and he rode in a splendid carriage, and the people cheered, and the great men bowed to him, and ' His Worship ' was to have spoken and he couldn't find the words, I wonder which place he liked best: under the arch, cleaning shoes, or in that grand seat of honor, governing a town ? Boys, which would you choose ? The last ! But, mark you, the first must come before the last. How did Kif Diamond come to be mayor ? By blacking boots well. By doing his work well. And that's the secret. Try it! Say to your little self that, wherever you be, your motto shall be : ' Shine 1' — Christian Register. Let no one ever repudiate an honest effort, nor ever ask to have the truth veiled behind ambiguous sentences of honeyed words, however hideous she may seem to those who know her not.