The Children's Grotto THE CONTENTED HERD BOY Iu a flowery dell a herd boy kept liis sheep; and because his heart was joyous he sang so loudly that the surrounding- hills echoed back his song. One morning the king, who was out on a hunting expedition, spoke to him and said : ' Why are you so happy, dear little one ? ' ' Why shall I not be ? ' he answered ; ' our king is no richer than I.' ' Indeed ! ' said the king, ' tell me your great possessions.' The lad answered : ' The sun in the bright blue sky shines as brightly upon me as the king. The flowers on the mountain and the grass in the valley grow and bloom to gladden my sight as well as his. I would not take a hundred thousand thalers for my hands ; my eyes are of more value than all the precious stones in the world ; I have food and clothing-, too. Am I not, therefore, as rich as the king ? ' ' You are right,' said the king, with a laugh, ' but your greatest treasure is a contented heart; keep it so and you will always be happy.' AN ASTONISHED CONDUCTOR Oub children readers will be pleased to read the following true story. It will teach the necessity of always using the aged, the lame, the poor, or otherwise unfortunate, with a proper respect, coming from a sympathizing heart. The 'old limpy' in this case was none less than our old time friend, Erastus Corning—a noble millionnaire. Let us use all kindly ; it costs no more to do so, while we will feel better, much better, to do so, be the subjects of our kindness rich or poor.— Ed. ' Get aboard, old limpy,' said a pert conductor to an aged, plainly-dressed lame man, standing on the platform, waiting for the signal to depart; ' get aboard, old limpy, or you'll be left.' At the signal, the old gentleman quietly stepped aboard and took a seat by himself. When the conductor, in taking up the tickets, came to him, and demanded his fare, he replied : ' I do not pay fare on this road.' ' Then I will put you off at the next station.' The conductor passed on, and a passenger, who had seen the transaction, said to him : ' Did you know that old gentleman ? ' ' No, I did not.' ' Well, it is Mr.-----, the president of this road.' The conductor changed color, and bit his lips, but went on and finished taking up tickets. As soon as he had done he returned to ' old limpy,' and said : ' Sir, I resign my station as conductor.' ' Sit down here, young man. I do not wish to harm you; but we run this road for profit, and to accommodate the public ; and we make it an invariable rule to treat every person with perfect civility, whatever garb he wears, or whatever infirmity he suffers. This rule is imperious upon every one of our employees. I shall not remove you for what you have done, but it must not be repeated.' That conductor afterward never saw among his passengers another 'old limpy. '