PROBLEM OF HUMAN LIFE A wonderful book indeed. To read it would be the best thing a searcher for scientific, religious truth can do. If facts and logic will lead him or her to conclusions upon which the mind can rest, as firmly as their physical feet can rest upon a granite rock, it will be done. First. That from nothing nothing can come. Secondly. That what is, apparently, is but the image or shadow of what exists in reality. Thirdly That God is an entity—an organized, substantial being, male and female, as really as are any pair of human beings, whether in or out of the body. There ' is an incorporeal, substantial soul, within the human form,' and ' all material forms are an affluence of God, or immediately the result of a succession of gradual condensations (I add, or materializations) from the more attenuated conditions of physical substance ; these, from the still rarer elements and forces of substantial nature, and these, finally, including the vital and mental forces of the organic world, from the Omnipresent, substantial entity of the Deity himself.' If that be unorthodox, let the orthodox make the most of it. It is fact and logic— science, truly so called, and religion in reality. But this is a large volume of 523 pages. Its table of contents is a marvel. Darwinism is disposed of; materialism is turned against itself; the popular theory of sound is shown to be as illusory as popular theology. The existence of a Supreme, intelligent Being mathematically demonstrated. Huxley's lectures in New York turned against Darwin, Darwin against Haeckel, and all against each other; spiritualism made a necessity by all forms of human life and physical organisms. But what can I say ? The best way to review this book is to quote from it, and when you begin to quote you don't know where to stop. Just read : ' This view of God and man gives the Theist something; in the former, worthy of admiration and something in himself worthy of trying to THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 209 save, and upon which a sensible and satis' factory idea of immortality can be predicated. To suppose that the human soul is bodi' less, formless and organless, is about as unsatisfactory as to try to conceive the immortality of a rubber balloon. How can an immortality of man worth hoping for be predicated, if the soul is not to see, feel, hear, taste and smell ? And if these powers, even in our most exalted conception of them, are to exist in the eternal state of man, he must possess the essential organs by which such faculties are to be exercised and enjoyed; and this implies that the soul, which is ko vaguely talked about as a principle, destiued to immortality, is, in reality, the inner man, the internal, incorporeal organism as perfect in form as the exterior structure, and alone the entity which animates our physical bodies. The view, thus imperfectly taken, of the soul of man is applicable also to God Himself, with His infinitely extended attributes.' Address: Hall &amp; Co., Publishers, New York city.