SOUL TRAVEL, NO. 2 GILES B. AVERY 'A soul without reflection, like a house without inhabitant, to ruin runs.' Let us reflect and oft review the journey of the soul, and in some, aye multitudes of instances it ¦will be found like unto the journey of the Jews in the wilderness of sin — extremely tortuous and indirect in its heavenly compass. The history of soul travel of nations, and sometimes of individuals, manifests a series and succession of differing beliefs or faiths, concerning the relations of man to his fellow and to his Creator, interspersed with periods of skepticism. In the progress of Grecian culture we have manifest in its evolution, first the age of mathematical and 198 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. physical speculation—sophistry. Next the inspired Socrates asserts the importance of virtue and morality, thereby introducing an age of faith in a Supreme Being. But this the schools subsequently converted into an age of pleasure-seeking and self-gratification. In this age the soul is starving. As a normal demand in the evolution of humanity, next comes an age of soul life, and spiritual philosophy mounts the stage of human progress introduced by Plato, But as the pre-Socratic phase of travel ended in sophistry, so the post-Socratio ended in skepticism, introduced by Pyrrho, and again was repeated the same results exhibited in former times. This experience had its origin in the opinion that the intellect of man possessed no criterion of truth, and as a consequence, nothing remained to man but doubting. This system was carried so far by the Greek philosopher Pyrrho, as to deny that man could ever know the truth of any thing. This conclusion led the Greek nation to the resolution to take life as it comes, and Epicurus, at a period 342 years before Christ, introduced the age and phase of what might be denominated universal abandonment to the pleasures of the senses, taking no thought nor concern of consequences, but thinking that a tranquil indifference is best for man. Succeeding this phase, for a short period, existed an age of probabilities, introduced by one Carneades. This philosophy taught that whatever had been most perfectly analyzed, examined and found to be devoid of improbability, was the most probably true. Thus, as one age of speculative heterogeneous philosophies ended in sophistries, a third age ended in final despair of finding truth, and induced entire skepticism. But the soul could not tarry here, and now commenced the Greek age of reason, introduced by Aristotle, a physician and a materialist. He insisted that all man's knowledge must be supported, if supported at all, by his experience in facts ; but not finding a supply of these, his system runs into speculation. Yet, as the spiritual life of man must occasionally, even in these germinal stages of its progress.make demands for life, so the pendulum of progress swung from epicurianism, and the phase of speculative philosophies, sophistries and materialism, to stoicism taught by Geno. Thus Epicurus found his rival antagonist, and virtue and honor began again to knock at the portals of human progress in soul travel and it is said, ' The passage from Epicurus to Greno is the passage from sensual gratification to self-control.' In this era of soul culture, the philosophers taught that the condition of the soul was characterized by the deeds of the body and mind, but that the soul was a material substance, yet, harmony between human will and universal reason constituted virtue. But the developments yet manifest in hundreds or thousands of years of revolutionary progress did not reach deep enough to establish a solid conviction that such a basis and degree of truth was found which, when applied to man's culture, ransomed him from the power of sin, both against himself, his race and his God. The philosophies of Greece and Rome which had been their power and pride now died and left the nations in their weakness, blindness and disappointments, seeking the jugglers, the conjurers and high priests of nature for help. There was now a melancholy age of inquiry after truth, and the vast products of thought, mental and spiritual—Labor of past centuries—was looked upon as an ancient, but almost forgotten revelation from heaven ; men were unable to resist the pressure of decadence, ' Tranquillity could only be secured by passiveness.' In this age, the thinking of men was do ne for them by their peers, or, if they thought at all, it must be done by a prescribed formulae. The moral and especially the spiritual condition of the European world was antagonistic to progress either in science or religion. Now succeeded an age of intellectual and spiritual decrepitude; the strong philosopher, the stoic, sinks into imbecility, and is settling into a dotage, full of admiration for the past and disgust of the present; men recoiled from investigation and discovery. Last scene of all that ends this phase of eventful history is second childishness, or mere oblivion. ' Sans teeth, sans eyes, sans THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 199 taste, sans every thing.' Whatever knowledge of truth there was in the world at this time was not the product of the present thought and investigation, but the remains of an ancient and now almost forgotten revelation from heaven. The mental and spiritual momentum which had accumulated for ages at once appears suddenly lost. Now Christianity is introduced to man, and looks back to the tutorship of Moses for wisdom as its schoolmaster thus looked to the Orient for light and the revelation of truth. Now Philo, a speculative Jew, ascribes all the powers of God to the Logos, or^Holy Word. Possibly from this idea arose the declaration of St. John. ' In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was God, the same was in the beginning with God.' Now arose one Apollonius of Tyana,who aided in the introduction of Orientalism. By Philostratus, Philo's biographer, a parallel was introduced between this man and our Saviour. Herein is to be seen what has been manifest in all ages of the world's progress, namely, the existence of parallel workers in the Lord's cause, as witnesses of the true leading evolutionists of the ages. . All this class of persons have ever been ascetics, and lived lives of abstemiousness from pleasures and creature comforts. This man attempted a reformation of religious rites and morals, denied the efficacy of sacrifices, substituting for the same simple worship and pure prayer, scarce even needing words. But this man taught the transmigration of souls, as a means of evolution, purification and development for future bliss. Now arose a series of philosophers who figured several centuries, leading back the public mind to the Oriental philosophies, sophistries and vagarious speculations. About two hundred years after Christ's advent, a Neoplatonic philosophy arose in Alexandria.which continued about three hundred years and conflicted with Christian principles. This was the expiring effort of Grecian philosophy. Through a lapse of many centuries a trinity of basic principles, creative, or governing powers had been taught and believed by nations, extending from the second to the fifth, century of the Christian era ; ideas of God, or Creative Powers, modeled in a degree according to time-worn Oriental philosophy, obtained a credence, and thus, the human mind was wandering in all the meanderings of sophistry, as the Jews wandered in the wilderness of sin before reading the promised land of Canaan. About the year 529, the Emperor Justinian closed the schools of Grecian philosophy. And now preparation was made for crowning faith in her stead. Now the grand attempt was to found a system which should be in harmony with a feeling of religious devotion which now possessed the great Roman Empire. Here, soul-life again crops out and demands sustenance, because a delusive air of piety had settled upon the whole pagan world. This age of faith was the third age of Grecian development. This, however, ended in necromancy and superstition. Then commenced an age of reason ; the ultimate of this age resulted in pantheism, but this does not satisfy the attributes of soul-life. Man now commenced to retrace his steps and subordinate his reason to his soul sensniions and demands of instinctive life. He now recognizes a spirit God, but still incomprehensible by man. And still the soul is pleading for a nearer relation to its Creator and for light, more light, and with light, life, love and liberty. The soul's travel cannot be halting here. Succeeding ages record her onward march toward her millennial goal. She is not even yet privileged, after her ages of wanderings in the wilderness of sin, to see as did Moses from Pisgah's top the promised land of liberty and redemption. True, her prophets and visionists visited it in their trance flights, and foretold its beauties and enchantments, but the masses were plodding still in darkness drear, yet seeking to satisfy themselves with material treasures—delusive hopes. Soul will not, cannot tarry here. Mount Lebanon, jV. T.