THE MARRIAGE OF THE LAMB AND BRIDE GILES B. AVERY Let us consider how this subject is to be understood : St. John denominated Jesus, ' The Lamb of God,' ' Behold the Lamb of God which taketh away the sins of the world.' John i, 27. ' Again, the next day after, John stood and two of his disciples, and looking upon Jesus as He walked, he saith,' Behold the Lamb of God,' ' John i, 35 and 36. To the understanding of every enlightened biblical reader and true follower of Christ Jesus, in His anointed capacity as Christ, manifested in the male order, was the Lamb of the marriage twain denominated in these Scriptures, Lamb and Bride.' And if the Lamb recognized in Scripture as the commissioned agency ' to take away the sins of the world,' is to be understood in any sense other than directly personal, it can possibly be in no other than the church of Christ's first appearing. How the Law, which made nothing perfect, can be a ' Lamb of God to take away the sins of the world,' may be a question for even the gods to settle, if they can. Paul truly says, ' For what the Law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh, God, sending His own Son (the Bridegroom) in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh.' Rom. viii, 3. . Again Paul truly says, ' For there is verily a disannulling of the commandment going before,' (which is the Law) ' for the weakness and unprofitableness thereof. Rom. xvii, 18. Now the work of the Bridegroom, and His dispensation is to beget the children of God, in the gospel life of the regeneration, which is a spiritual, not a fleshly and carnal creation. To any enlightened soul it must appear very difficult for that which is ' weak through the flesh,' ' disannulled because of its weakness and unprofitableness' and ' a law of a carnal commandment.' Heb. xvii, 16. To perform the work of the Bridegroom, the Christ, in begetting souls ' after the power of an endless life.' Heb. xvii, 15 and 16. How then can it be possible for such a Law to be a bridegroom, and wedded to the Heavenly Bride ? The faithful flock of Christ's second appearing will not lose sight of the simple fact that Christ, manifest through Father Jesus (as He became by baptism), and the church of that dispensation, was the Heavenly Bridegroom — the Vicegerent Father of the New Creation. A spiritual organization, to introduce which the Law was but a school-master, not a Bridegroom ! Nor will they lose sight of the equally important fact that Christ, manifest through Mother Aim, after she received her spiritual baptism, was the Heavenly Bride, and the church of this latter day dispensation of Christ, in the second appearing, still manifests the same Heavenly Bride character — the Vicegerent Mother of the New Creation ' Jerusalem which is above, is free, which is the mother of us all.' ' For it is written, ' Rejoice thou barren that bearest not; break forth and cry thou that travelest not ; for the desolate hath many more children than she which hath an husband,' (after the Law 202 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. of a carnal commandment). Gal. iv, 26 and 27. This ' above' is truly entirely above the Jewish law sphere, a carnal commandment for carnal men, and which to them, and to sucJi only, was necessarily applicable. The righteousness of generation, in its most perfect state, is, nevertheless, not an elementary righteousness of the work of the Heavenly Bridegroom a'nd Bride, and cannot, therefore, be wedded to the Gospel of Christ in any sense. It must, therefore, be protested that the ' marriage of the Lamb and Bride ' does not mean an ' union of the Law and Gospel.' With honest souls, begotten of the Christ the Bridegroom, and born of the Christ Bride (a spiritual creation), there cannot be in exercise any personal strife and ambition to be greatest ; nor can there be contention and ill-feeling; while each one, in efforts to set forth the truths of the Gospel of Christ, will feel himself or herself a learner forever, as we are all only children in the school of Christ. New Lebanon, N. Y.