Editorial COMPARATIVE CHRISTIANITY The scientists of to-day glory in the word comparative. Volume after volume is being issued treating upon comparative anatomy, astronomy, mechanics, etc. We purpose a few words upon the comparative in Christianity. Churches and individuals professing Christ as their Lord and Head will very properly and profitably compare their professionally religious lives with that of the Master whom they honor so much by costly edifices and flattering lips. Of a truth, the best and most acceptable worship of God, or the Christ-spirit, is in living a thorough Christian life. Lip service, unaccompanied by living demonstrations of individuals, which compare well with the life of Christ, is not acceptable praise. Let us compare our lives and our professed Christianity with the same of Jesus. Are we given up to be the subjects of similar selfdenials ? Have we the purity, the peace, the unselfishness and extensive love of humanity that Jesus possessed ? Have we the life and testimony against war, family quarrels, slander and unfriendly gossipings that He had ? Does our relinquishment of family ties, worldly attachments, sexually, socially and politically equal the same of the Master ? Does our love for our fellow men and women forbid in us, as in Jesus, the hoarding of selfish possessions, at the expense of those less fortunately organized? Do we become poor with the poor, dividing our substance to their elevation equal to our own ? Thus did Jesus. Has THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 203 our religious'profession separated us from the world and worldly, that we may devote soul, body and spirit to a higher and nobler cause than the pleasing of self ? For a purpose—and this purpose was to be a noble pattern, a perfect examplerin Christian life, Jesus sustained through life the condition of the Celibate for the kingdom of heaven's sake ; and then turns to His would-be disciples and explicitly says: ' Who so is able, let his Christianity in this compare with mine !' And the large multitudes of professedly Christian people prefer to think they are not able, and decline to draw comparisons. Where is the church, adoring the Christ career, that would hold a similar admiration of Jesus, had He married, reared a family, accumulated personal wealth, mounted to a kingship, led warring hosts in battle, and been the popular hero of the worldly, pleasure-seeking rabble ? Not one, and if for His unworldly distinctions, He is our acceptable Lord, Master and Example, how far, in these same distinctions, does our Christianity demand the following Him ? The bright and beautiful Christian life, lived by Jesus, and taught in his testimony, is the only true life-line for us, and by which to compare our Christian profession. Would we evade the living issue of the Christian profession, and cling to the deathly creeds thatbearno comparison to Jesus' life ? Let the subject be brought up between 'My soul and I,' with every individual ; let the comparison between the Christ life and the popular, Christian profession be honestly drawn, and then let renunciations of all unchristian features ensue, and a reform in our lives begin, comparing well with real life of Christ, which is genuine Christianity. - OUR GIANT ENEMY This age is not one of religious enthusiasm. Not that we would picture this enthusiasm in sombre garments, eccentric habits nor long, unpleasant faces, but we would increase the beautiful in all souls ; the cheerful in all hearts ; the sunshine in all feelings and the happiest outburst of good humor in the spirits of the whole world. In this brilliant glow of brightness, we would look for the finest growth of fruits resulting from religious elements. The conflicting cause of ungodliness, of irreligion, is the god of this world, Selfishness. Deprived of this monster, gloom disappears, hatred, envy, jealousy and all evils leading to murder vanish away ; and the glorious day of God is ushered in. With selfishness denied, we'll have no need of the wide phylactery, the stubborn fast, nor stated prayers, we'll judge the tree by what it bears. The whole sin of the world is comprehended by the term Selfishness. The only hindrance to a genuine religious revival that would be eternal in length and consequences is found bounded by the same term. The great gulf between God and the soul is measured by selfishness ; while the approach to heaven on earth, or in future worlds, is only made possible by the practice of its opposite. Ungodliness and worldly lusts define selfishness : while rigid self-denial to this, acts as a dispelling influence upon those. There can be no selfishness in the Heaven of Christ. There may be 204 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. and probably is a godly emulation there ; but this emulation will be a strife as to who can be the most unselfish. All the taught self-denials of Christ were directed against this giant enemy to human peace and happiness. The love of our neighbor measures the honor we have for G-od, and in the degree we are selfish, we hate our brother and dishonor our Maker. The worship of Grod then does not consist in prayer-making nor in psalm-singing, so much as living in the happifying, religious element of unselfishness. Does any one ask how best to gain this element? Follow Christ. 'If any one would be a disciple ' of the most unselfish, happiest individual known to history, ' let him deny himself' just as Jesus did, take up the same crosses He did, and 'follow Him.' Let everyone, in every possible way, fight this giant enemy of humanity, and begin the fight in his own breast, and then will the age be one of glorious religious elements and the fruits of peace. ^r Notice . — Will those yet in arrears for The Manifesto kindly and promptly ' step up to the captain's office and settle their passage ?' By their doing so, we will be able to make our peace with our printers ; if they do not, ' to whom shall we go ? ' EDITORIAL NOTES 'WANTED.' From the many communications reaching this office, and the headquarters of this Bishopric, the suspension of our little messenger — The Manifesto — is looked upon unfavorably. It is not yet, however, decided either to suspend or not to do so. In retiring from the editorial chair, we would previously make the proclamation of ' wanted :' an Editor for The Manifesto ; one surrounded by such spiritual influences as to make the task an easier one; one devoted to the upholding of the fundamental principles, read by every one, as discriminating the original Pentecostal Church from its worldly and unfriendly surroundings, and these principles, Celibacy, after the Christ pattern; Brotherly Love and a United Inheritance after the same example ; Non-resistance, in households and in nations according* to the same rule; and an eternal CD J advocate of Christ's resistance, within Himself, against worldly ambitions, political honors and emoluments, and to grow in unspottedness from ALL THAT IS WOKLDLY AND UNCHRISTIAN ; one who will serve without pay; bear meekly all criticisms, worthy or unworthy, merited or not, with that perfect Christian suavity that turns the other cheek oftentimes, without murmuring. But little ability and less learning according to the letter are required ; but any enthusiastic man or woman, he or she living according to the above stated principles of the Shaker Church, and desiring martyrdom in the cause, will be gladly heard from at this office. ^V