CORRELATIONS ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE How are links in the great chain of being formed and correlations established, except by laws running harmoniously through all and governing all ? As man — in the dual capacity of male and female — is a microcosm of the universe, made up of congre- 194 THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. gated particles of matter and concrete forms of life, in outward cast, so in a spiritual point of view. In construction, he possesses a soul life, inspirited by and embodying all the attributes of a divine paternity, and is the macrocosm of universes of mind and clarified matter in interior worlds. Spirits, when separated from material bodies, still have need of souls, or spiritual bodies for their spirits to inhabit and act through, that the germs of immortal life and love may find development from stage to stage, unto a full and perfected fruitage. We live in an era of free speech, of platform and pulpit utterances, and book making to a marked degree. Words fitly and wisely spoken are of great value to those who have ears to hear and hearts to understand what Gfod's true messages bear to them from higher realms of thought, whether it be truth pertaining to physical life on the earth plane or to spirit life in regions beyond ; but words without wisdom, whether written or oral, only serve to darken counsel and confuse the understanding; and even if knowledge is increased thereby, they are like clouds without water, carried hither and thither by the storm tempest, and are often harmful in results. The more we study God's laws as revealed through His attributes, and feel the kindly parental spirit that is manifest in all His works, the more convinced we are that He is not vengeful like mortal man, and does not send judgments upon the earth vindictively; but they come as come they must, to one and to all as they placed themselves in false relations with divine laws. Every man and woman has a throne of judgment within their own hearts, and conscience is the judge. Before that throne and that judgment every one stands approved or condemned. It is impossible to get away from ene's conscious self-hood. Feelings, thoughts and deeds are an outflow from the inner life, and they leave an impress upon our spiritual beings; and of such thoughts and deeds character is made, good or bad, for weal or for woe. The record thus formed, every individual must meet. It is God's law, and will pass equally upon all regardless of wealth or position. We may be surrounded by all the luxuries that earth can produce or bestow, if the heart be not right before God, and our own consciences condemn us, we cannot rest nor be happy. The ever-present consciousness of wrong done to our own being, to our neighbor or friend, will follow us whithersoever we go, and will be our accuser day and night. We cannot forget it nor obliterate it, except by repentance. Then, how important it is that we are true and sincere in all that we say and do, and present one character, one likeness at home and abroad, and let that which is without be as that which is within. If we possess the Christ-spirit which taught and controlled the lowly Nazarene, we shall find that true religion will ever be a statf upon which we may lean for support, our bread of life and sustainer on life's journey below, and will enrobe and be our diadem in our future home. Deeds done or left undone is a proof of our love to God and to humanity ; for in this we show how much we are willing to renounce of self for the good of others Works, not words, will be the test. Justice and judgment may be deferred for a time, when wrong acts are performed ; if we throw our influence on the wrong side of the scale, it is not only an injury done to ourselves but also to the race. When we do right, though the acts performed may be small, yet we cast our mite into the Lord's treasury, it is a good seed sown and in good time it will bring forth fruit. It is not an easy task to convince the natural mind — and more especially the gross and sensual mind — of truths pertaining to the immortality of the human soul, and of the grand destiny that awaits those who voluntarily leave the lower plane of life, its selfish loves and affections, and commence to climb the high hills of endless progression. Each step that they take their spiritual vision grows brighter and clearer, and the atmosphere becomes more sublimely ethereal. It remains a truth, that the natural mind has no clear perception or discernment of spiritual things; they are foolishness in their estimation. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 195 We might almost as well talk to the brute creation of astronomy or geology, and expect an intelligent response, as to the sensualist of unimpassioned love in its highest sense, as being a concentration of all the d ivine attributes that can be transmitted from the Infinite to the finite mind or soul. It is not the Creator, but the vivifier and vitalizing principle that energizes immortal spirits and weaves a web of celestial beauty for beautified forms to wear. Let every thing be called by its appropriate name, and applied to its proper uses in the sphere to which it belongs. There is a natural and a spiritual love ; the natural is first, has its place on the generative plane, and was God-given to subserve useful purposes in that order. The love existing be. tween parent and child was given for a noble purpose ; it is a bond that holds them to the performance of duties while necessity lasts, and although that bond is oftentimes severed in an untimely season, yet it is good in its place. But when the spirit calls souls to a higher life — into the resurrection order in the Christ sphere — the natural which was designed to pass away, after having performed its uses, gives place to the higher spiritual love, which infills and permeates the whole being, and is the beginning of eternal life in human souls. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.