The Children's Grotto LITTLE CHILDREN Keep guard of your words, my darlings, For words are wonderful things; They are sweet like the bees' fresh honey, Like the bees they have terrible stings. They can bless like the warm, glad sunshine, And brighten a lonely life, They can cut in the strife of anger, Like an open, two-edged knife. Let them pass through your lips unchal lenged, If their errand is true and kind ; If they come to support the weary, To comfort and help the blind. If a bitter revengeful spirit Prompts the words, let them be said; They may flash through a brain like lightning, Or fall on a heart like lead. Keep them back if they're cold and cruel, Under bar, and lock and seal; The wounds they make, my darlings, Are always slow to heal. May peace guard your lives and ever From this time of your early youth; May the words that you daily utter Be the beautiful words of truth. KILLED FOR NOTHING 'Now tell us all about the war, And what they killed each other for,' pleads little Peterkin in Southey's poem of ' The Battle of Blenheim.' ' And what good came of it at last ! Said little Wilhelmine.' These were questions that their grand father could not answer. The cannibal's wonder when told about civilized warfare seems about as hard to satisfy, though it is not quite so innocent. A missionary, in an address describing his experience in New Guinea, gives some hard specimens of the questions he had to answer: When I was talking to him about cannibalism, and wishing him to give it up, he said: 'But you know it is only our enemies; we never eat our friends. It is right to eat our enemies. Have you got no enemies in your country ?' I was obliged to confess we had people who were sometimes regarded as enemies. 'Well,' said he, 'do you never fight!' I was obliged to confess that we did. ' And do you never kill any anybody?,' I was very glad he did not ask me how many, for 1 could not have told him. There would have been no words in his language to tell him that. But when he found out that we did kill people, he said: ' Do you not eat them? ' ' No,' I said, 'we do not eat people in onr country.'' The man looked perfectly astonished. ' Then what do you kill them for? ' said he. ' We kill our enemies because we like them, but you kill them for nothing at all.'