A SERMON A SERMON N. A. BRIGGS Know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye glorify God in your body and in your spirit which are God's ? 1 Cor., vi, 19, 20. If indeed we would make our bodies temples for the Holy Ghost (Holy Spirit) how very careful of them we should be ! What a purification we must have! With what exquisite pains must we nourish, develop and educate these bodies; how solicitously guard them against feverish and morbid conditions ! The Holy Spirit surely cannot dwell in a place of defilement; its temple must be all garnished and clean. We are bought with a price. A full healthy body and a pure spirit are obtained only by the sacrifice of every passional indulgence. Intemperance in eating and drinking induces a grossness, a coarseness, incompatible with spiritual life. A strict observance of physiological conditions, springing from an intelligent education of the mind, will pave the way to holiness. ' First that which is natural, and afterward that which is spiritual.' What good Christian does not take Christ and Him crucified as his theory ? How few deny Him in practice ! The beautiful Christ life is conspicuous for self-denial. It wages perpetual war against all worldly lusts, for these destroy the life in the spirit. Unless, therefore, we deny ourselves, take up our crosses and follow Christ in His life, in His example, we are not Christians. Let us tell the truth in this matter, men and women, all of us. We recognize the beauty of self-denial, but our passions are too strong for us, and so we try to find excuses which shall seem to justify our excesses. Like the poor ostrich which when pursued by its enemies hides its head in the sand, thinking because its own eyes are blinded and cannot see the danger it must therefore be safe, we try to deceive ourselves by specious argument, hoping that if we can quiet our own consciences we shall be safe. Vain hope. Our sophistries will fail us. Our self-delusions will work great mischief, sorrow and disappointment for future life. Truth will rend these fallacies like gossamer threads. We must have no half-way work in this matter. It must be a war of extinction against the gross excesses which curse humanity. What a baneful crop we are growing ! What a fearful harvest we must expect to reap ! Depraved and unnatural appetites, abnormal and insatiable desires are being transmitted with increased intensity from generation to generation, and what is to be the end of all this? Absurd is our boasted advance of science when we evince so little sense in the care of the house we live iu. Consistency thou art a jewel! We offer prizes for the discovery of a celestial body, while wickedly ignorant of the cause of a mental or physical deformity in our child. We hold fairs to encourage improvement in blooded stock, pay almost fabulous prices for favorite animals, hold numerous and elaborate discussions upon the best methods to produce best results with our domestic animals; yet the production of our own species is left to chance! No more intelligence is here exhibited than was shown in barbarous ages. Science does not aid in this most necessary feature of life. Thousands of human beings now eke out a miserable existence who ought never to have been born. The instinct of the brute creation is intelligence par excellence compared to the brutal grossness with which children are ushered into the world. Poor things ! They must sufler for the ignorance and iniquity of their parents. They are the heirs to a dreadful legacy of sin and sorrow. Parents have a fearful responsibility, which although presently ignored cannot be escaped. Better learn the facts and avoid trouble than remain willfully blinded to the truth and incur such heavy penalties to ourselves and posterity. Eminent medical men tell us that six out of eight of the children of this country violate their own bodies — desecrate those temples that should entertain the Holy Spirit. Is not this dread- 230 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. ful ? And is there no remedy? Teach them hygiene; teach them the normal use of each organ ; the care necessary to its healthfulness. Teach them the penalties affixed to a violation of nature's laws. Reason with them, pray with them, labor with them untiringly, until they learn intelligently to deal with their bodies as blessings loaned to them to be improved, purified and sanctified, fit temples for the Holy Spirit.