INSTINCT, FOOD AND MEDICINE F. W. EVANS The object of food is to supply the natural waste of the system from day to day, and night by night. Under natural conditions, food should be our medicine, as it is our aliment.appetite is a safe guide to health as well as to satisfaction, eating and drinking be for health and strength, to our best knowledge. This would honor God and glorify human being, because it would be under the law of right, of use. Let us live and not die. Self preservation is the first law of nature. Health is life, disease is death. The wicked shall not live out half their days, nor do they. Dying, they die daily. They take pleasure in unrighteousness, in things injurious to the body, and by sequence to the soul. What is right, and what wrong, what healthy, and what unhealthy, are questions ever occurring, ever to be replied unto. Individuals, having their senses exercised )y reason of use, would forever be acquirng knowledge by their own observations and experience, and from the observation and experience of other human beings. It is related of Father Joseph, that if he lit his foot against a stone, he would re ¦ move it, or note it, holding that there were no accidents in ^Christ. He ^was a wise, THE SHAKES MANIFESTO. 223 thinking, observing man, foreseing the evil afar off, where the foot would have passed on and perished, in proportion to his folly. That man goeth astray from his mother's womb, there can be no doubt. These physiological conditions of breathing, bathing, eating, exercise and drinking, are not natural but artificial. Appetites and habits are thus engendered that are lusts, producing disease and sickness, not continued health. The man, or woman, who is under the leading of any lust of body or mind, is like a ship on the ocean, whose captain and pilot are too drunk to manage the ship. The winds blow, the fires are kept up by the engineer, the boiler generates power, and the ship moves, but it moves as uncertain and never reaches the port of content and satisfaction. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, and to depart from* iniquity, from wrong doing, is understanding. There is a blessedness in existence, when it is supported by law, by obedience to what we know, or even to what we think is right, light being sown for the right-doer, and gladness filling the heart, because love is created by truth. Truth, practiced in our necessities, brings us near to God in nature, desire becomes a safe rrule of action. We become Godlike, in that we are not even tempted, by false appetite, to abnormal action. When Anna Lee prayed that God would give her good desires, she only prayed she might be as God, in her sphere of existence, be happy. The sum of the whole matter is, a human being should be as susceptible to constitutional craving (of which maternal longing and false appetite are but a perversion), as are the wild animals, who are moved by natural instinct, to select from the botanical variety of the country they inhabit, such articles as are both food and medicine. The cook and the doctor should be all one. Then the pots in the kitchen to cook the food, and the bells on the houses of agriculture to raise it, wouldall be holiness unto the Lord, and sin and sickness go together into the hells on earth, to be forgotten by the saints in Heaven.