PRAYER ROBERT M. WAGAN ELDER 0 Lord, we pray, remember us, a small, dependant, needy band. We ask for faith to bear us on that we may wear the victor's crown. 0, grant us true humility that we may never stray through pride and lust and our own ways; but help us always keep the straight and narrow path of daily selfdenial. For Zion's sake may we be blest, and, by good works, an honor be to her and Thee. 0, may Thy counsels gather us, and Thy great mercies cover us and help us to stand a true devoted band, though tempests rage and billows roll. When in affliction's dark hour trials come upon us, and tribulation doth oppress our souls, O, may we never doubt nor faint, but ever keep in mind Thou art our comforter, a never-failing source of stength and peace and joy forever. Give to them that ask in faith and prayer. Remember Thy lambs, the children and youth, may they be dealt with tenderly, and, may the sweet rose of innocence ever blossom and diffuse its fragrance throughout this Holy Mountain ; may they repose in Thy love, which will reprove and chasten them for all their errors, plant them firmly in Thy garden, that they may grow strong in the faith of Thy righteous saints. Cultivate them in Thy holy fear and tender love, that they may see Thee at all times, whether in joy and rejoicing, or in sorrow and affliction, whether in pleasant bowers and by flowing streams, or tempest tossed on life's stormy sea, or left to scale ihe rugged mountain — the pathway of burden-bearing souls. Bless all of Thy chosen ones, those righteous aged souls, fathers and mothers in Israel who have kept Thy holy way, and been ingtrumental in the salvation of other souls, weary and worn ; gather them to Thy sweet haven of eternal peace and rest; may their mantle of strength rest upon other souls when they depart this mortal life, that Zion may never lack a fullness of the power of salvation from the nature of sin. Bless all Thy faithful workers; like bees in the hive, may they gather in 220 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. heavenly bowers, and from fragrant flowers in pleasant valleys, sip sweetness and richness of purest love and blessing. For Zion's sake, fan, 0 fan, thresh and fan and separate the precious from the vile. Prune Thy vines, lop from the tree of life the dead unfruitful branches, that Thy vineyard may be an honor and joy to Thee forever. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.