Home Topics A standing antidote for poison... A standing antidote for poison by dew, poison oak, ivy, etc., is to take a handful of quicklime ; dissolve in water ; let it stand half an hour, and then paint the poisoned parts with it. Three or four applications will never fail to cure the most aggravated cases. Pickling Tomatoes H. L. P. .— J. H. S. would like to know how to put up green tomatoes in brine. The way I do is to put them down with my cucumbers ; every time that I lay down a picking of cucumbers I throw in a lot of tomatoes, every size. When I want to use them, I take them out of the brine, cut them in two, and let them soak a, day or two; then I put them in more fresh water and boil until tender; then drain them and put in good vinegar same as cucumbers, with a few spices I also put ripe tomatoes down in vinegar. I put small red ones in a glass can, all that will go in and not break the skin, with a little brown sugar, a few cloves and cinnamon. I use the best cider vinegar — never acid vinegar, as it eats the fruit and makes it soft. Tioga, N. Y. Tomato Catsup The Journal of Commerce gives the following directions as having been in use in the editor's family for fifty years — which is going back to quite an early period in the general introduction of the tomato for culinary purposes: 'Take a bushel of tomatoes: cut them in small pieces; boil until soft; then rub them through a wire sieve; add two quarts of the best cider vinegar, one pint of salt, onequarter pound of whole cloves, one-quarter pound of allspice, one tablespoonful of black pepper, one good-sized pod of red pepper (whole), and five heads of garlic. Mix together and boil until reduced to onehalf the quantity. When cold, strain through a colander, and bottle, sealing the corks. It will keep two or three years as fresh as when first made.' How to Tell a Good Potato .— Here is a good place in which to impart what is a secret to the vast majority of people, and it is one well worth knowing. It is simply how to tell a good potato ; that is, as well as it can be done without cooking it, for sometimes even experts are deceived. Take a sound potato, and paying no attention to its outward appearance, divide it into two pieces with your knife and examine the exposed surfaces. If there is so much water or 'juice' that seemingly a slight pressure would cause it to fall off in drops, you may be sure it will be ' soggy ' after it is boiled. These are the requisite qualities for a good potato, which must appear when one is cut in two : For color, a yellowish white ; if it is a deep yellow the potato will not cook well; there must be a considerable amount of moisture, though not too much ; rub the two pieces together and a white froth will appear around the edges and upon the two surfaces; this signifies the presence of starch, and the more starch, and consequently froth, the better the potato, while the less there is the poorer it will cook. The strength of the starchy element can be tested by releasing the hold upon one piece of the potato, and if it still clings to the other, this in itself is a very good sign. These are the experiments generally made by experts, and they are ordinarily willing to buy on the strength of their turning out well, though, as stated above, these tests are by no means infallible.