NOTHING NEW M. J. ANDERSON The universal circle marks Creation's perfect whole, From worlds ensphered in belted zones, To life that crowns the soul. A wise man of the centuries past, In taking life's review, Proclaimed that all earth's history Presented nothing new. And so we ask, is there a thought Or word still unexpressed ? A fountain sealed that has not gushed Within some human breast ? Is there a light or depth untouched ? Some secret hidden plan, To yet unfold within the grasp Of ever reaching man '? The mines of knowledge still unsprung, Would seem but buried lore, When brought to view the thing that's new Lo ! it was known before. The life we live is but one grand Rehearsal of the past, The very motives of our souls In ancient mold were cast. For human nature is the same To-day as yesterday ; The treadmill of old time moves to The same dull roundelay. The mighty forces of the soul Well up and overflow, In streams whose currents, swiftly on Through deepening channels go. The fevered tide of human life '• Bears not upon its waves The power that lifts immortal souls — The strength that heals and saves. The savage, though untutored still With gifts of nature blest, In his sublime simplicity, Bears truth within his breast. While he who claims a fairer face. And broader cultured mind, Will prostitute the noblest gifts That Heaven for good designed. And thus it seems, that all our dreams Of progress we have made, When pressed to stern reality, Like fitful fancies fade. For misery and crime increase, In ratio with the light, Where good is found doeth sin abound, The wrong pursues the right. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 231 Thus quickened mind inventive plies Its skill in many ways ; Devising schemes in which to win The prize that self repays. How vain ambition crushes out The equal rights of man; How bitter discord mars the peace Of nation, home and clan. And what we gain through toil and pain, But trembles 'neath the power Usurped by those who sceptres wield, To triumph but an hour. Religion, sovereign in the race, Still seeks expression free ; But cramped and bound with fetters strong, Holds not its liberty. And the experience of the past, Though changed the form it wears, Is but the cry of burdened toil, Through life's increasing cares. Here generations come and go, Whose life seems but a day; Vast empires from the dust arise, To perish and decay. Why boast of prestige, wealth or power? Why glory in a name ? For all of earth to earth returns, Man goes from whence he came. And round and round the ages roll, The seasons onward flow, Yet ' vanity of vanities,' Are all things here below. ' 'Tis hope eternal ' that illumes And gladens all our strife. And righteousness alone can give The bliss of higher life. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.