SIGNS OF THE TIMES o every individual, given to fervent thought, the present status of the so-called religious world is wearing a very different complexion than ever before, and withal, a very improved complexion. Every denomination of the Christian profession has lost much of that which formerly made ic a competitor for the laurels of infallibility, while a liberal tone, and better — a humane, brotherly feeling — now pervades, where hatred for any thing that differed from 'our church ' once prevailed. There are principles of godliness that are infallible, invincible, all-con 234 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. quering — principles, which in the progress of man, from the mere animal, up to the angel, are irrevocably sealed as everlasting truths. The laws prior to those given by Moses were undoubtedly the very best the world then ever knew ; and without doubt the inhabitants thought them ne plus ultra, never to be improved upon. Moses came; introduced an entirely new regime ; and improvement in human discipline, in general and particular, was and is the acknowledged result. In the line of human progress, unto everlasting elevation of humanity, Moses was, through the laws given by him, ' a schoolmaster ' to bring the people into preparation for something even better than Mosaim. Christ came. Acknowledging the laws of Moses as good, yet proclaiming His mission to be even superior to the previous rule, the Jews treated with scorn any idea that tended to thoughts that the laws of Moses could be improved upon, and they thought they had nipped in the bud, and snuffed out both idea and attempt by the notable crucifixion. Still the world moved; and with it the graduated class under Mosaic discipline, and by the superior, Christian life of Jesus' followers, showed to the Jews, by fruits, that which undermined the supposed infallibility of Judaism. Superiority is destined to win. But there is no station of superiority where humanity can settle down and proclaim no further progress. The amicable feelings prevailing among all denominations evince the milk of human kindness that was not even dreamed could be, by the best lovers of humanity, one hundred or even fifty years ago. How many of us can realize how short the time has been when the direst denunciations for unbelief in the peculiar tenets of this or that church were commonly and violently hurled, to '' Deal damnation round the land, On each I judge thy foe ? ' And yet the time has been so very short since loving, Christian liberality and charity have displaced bigotry and deviltry in theological matters, that while we reflect, we may well and reasonably stand happily aghast at the swiftness of progress made! Admissions of the superior are invariably accompanied by confessions of error in preconceived opinions. Admissions and confessions are really good for the soul. Adjustments of differences in religious matters are being rapidly made upon the principles of righteousness and charitable love, and these principles will eventuate in a church universal — the millennium come.