SAVING MOTHER [The following poem we clip from The Banner of Light.] Those who can read between the lines will perceive a not uncommon case of neglect, not only of ' saving mother,' but of a too-common case of an unworthy cupidity, overbalancing the proper love of humanity from sheer selfish motives. The rebuke is an excellent one. Do any of our readers need it 1 — Ed.] The farmer sat in his easy chair Between the fire and the lamplight's glare, His face was ruddy and full and fair; His three small boys in the chimney nook Conned the lines of a picture-book; 228 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. His wife, the pride of his home and heart, Baked the biscuit and made the tart, Laid the table and steeped the tea, Deftly, swiftly, silently; Tired and weary, and weak and faint, She bore her trials without complaint, Like many another household saint — Content, all selfish bliss above, In the patient ministry of love. At last between the clouds of smoke That wreathed his lips the husband spoke: ' There's taxes to raise, and int'rest to pay, And ef there should come a rainy day, 'T would be mighty handy, I 'm bound to say, T' have somethin' put by. For folks die. An' tnere 's the funeral bills, and gravestones to buy — Enough to swamp a man, purty nigh ; Besides, there's Edward, Dick and Joe To be provided for when we go. So'f I was you, I'll tell ye what I'd du; I 'd be savin' of wood as ever I could — Extra fires don't du any good — I 'd be savin' of sope, an' savin' of ile, And run up some candles once in a while ; I 'd be rather sparin' of coffee an' tea, For sugar is high And all to buy, And cider is good enough drink for me. I 'd be kind o' careful about my clo'es, And look out sharp' how the money goes — Gewgaws is useless, nater knows ; Extry trimmin' 'S the bane of women. I 'd sell off the best of the cheese and honey, And eggs is as good, nigh about, 's the money; And as to the carpet you wanted new — I guess we can make the old one du. And as for the washer an' sewin' machine. Them smooth-tongued agents so pesky mean You 'd better get rid of 'em slick and clean. What du they know about woman's work? Du they calkilate women was born to shirk ?' Dick and Edward and little Joe Sat in the corner in a row. They saw the patient mother go On ceaseless errands to and fro; They saw that her form was bent and thin, Hertemples gray, her cheeks sunk in; They saw the quiver of lip and chin — And then, with a wrath he could not smother, Outspoke the youngest, frailest brother: ' You talk of savin' wood and ile, An' tea and sugar all the while, But you never talk of savin' mother.' The Banner of Light.