A GOLDEN PICTURE JOHN B. VANCE [The following beautiful tribute to The Manifesto, as well as ' words fitly spoken ' on vital subjects, is fully appreciated by us. We would the world had, at least, twenty more such admirable specimens of humanity — we mean just like him — as we know his whole soul to be. We must be excused for withholding his closing remarks, as we feel unworthy of them, and, therefore, unwilling to have them made public.— Ed.] Editor Manifesto — How often have I exclaimed after reading The Manifesto : 'Excellent!' 'Splendid!' And now, after perusing the September number, I am constrained to repeat it loud enough to reach your ears, so many miles away. While the articles from the pens of such noted correspondents as ' Giles B. Avery,' ' F. W. Evans ' and 'Antoinette Doolittle ' are always excellent, and in this number show their usual ability, ' Christian Progress,' by Sister Marcia Bullard, claims my particular admiration. It was replete with truth — and truths which we, as a people, need to take home to our hearts, and heed well to-day. It would be the height of folly to forget that we are human, and prone to err, sub* ject to the same worldly attractions, if we open our hearts to them, as any people, our name giving us no additional protection. Sister Marcia tells us that ' when the THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 225 Quakers so far forgot their union that they wrangled about doctrine, they sank into worldlings ; ' and ' when the Methodists, tired of their plainness, ran after the fashions of the world, they no longer had spiritual gifts, nor came under the influence of the power of God; and the Shakers should profit by their example.' And should they not ? What are we more than the rest of erring humanity that we should not be equally affected by similar influences if we take them home to our hearts and habitations ? Why ! While reading the above, I felt like crying out as our English cousins do when a speaker pleases them : ' Hear ! Hear'! ' And I would that every one of our little number could hear, and remember her warning, ' the Shakers should profit by their example.' While so much is being said of the necessity of cultivating the esthetic feelings, may we not be blind or deaf to the lessons taught by past history. As is well said by Elder Giles, the workers in the Lord's cause, His witnesses in every age, have been the Ascetics, and the path they traveled was the path of self-denial, being willing to say ' nay ' to all of the importunities of the world. While the falling away from every spiritual epoch has been marked by the ascendancy of the esthetics, if I may so use the word. Shall we stand where others have fallen ? Not if we walk in the same path. Some will say, ' Oh, my religion does not consist in the dress I wear.' Not more surely do the various trees of the forest designate their kind by the foliage they put forth than do the dress and surroundings indicate the spiritual travel of a people. May we not be deceived—it is the world, whether we realize it or not, that is saying to us : ' Your dress is too simple to please my taste, I will give you pearls fo wear; Rich velvets and silks to grace your form, And diamonds to deck your hair.' And ' Your house is too plain,' said the proud old world, ' I'll build you one like mine ; Carpets from Brussells and curtains of lace, And furniture ever so fine.' While we would desire the beautiful, may we remember there is a beauty peculiar to the flower, or generative period, and a beauty which belongs to the ripened fruit and grain. If we really are of that number who are called the ' first fruits,' preparing ourselves to be harvested from the earth, we shall best love the beauty that is adapted to our condition. And our march up the hill of progression will be a successful one if we are willing to accept the sister's test as to what really is progression, and the spirit that goes with it. '' Every spirit that saith come up higher, bear more crop, practice more self-denial, live more separate from worldly influences, is safe to follow.' Amen and amen. I notice that you advertise for an editor for the Manifesto, and very kindly name the qualification desirable. I have my mind on one that will very nearly fill the bill, having in a good degree all of the requirements called for. Perhaps I had better say acquirements, for no small part have been acquired under the very severe disciplinary conditions named in your article. He is none other than our dear friend and brother who started with the very beginning of our little publication, by doing well, and has gone with that into doing much better— growing, through the discipline named, into a degree of excellence that is easy to bless and admire. * * * In bonds of sympathy and love, I remain,