INTELLECTUAL AND SPIRITUAL PROGRESS ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE The vast ocean of human thought and intelligence is deepening and broadening as time rolls on. Truth, scientifically and spiritually, sends forth its darts, and its lances pierce old and long-established forms and canons of the past, and mythology with its misty shades disappear as vapory clouds vanish before the rising sun ; science, applied to the varied departments of human life, progresses with such rapidity, it is with difficulty the common mind keeps pace with the marvelous developments which time — as it moves on rapid wing— reveals. A boundless storehouse seems to have opened in this nineteenth century from which to draw all kinds of useful knowledge pertaining to the earth life ; also knowledge concerning the spirit spheres is becoming almost universal throughout civilized nations, in the cottage of the humble and lowly as well as in royal palaces. But without a right application of such knowledge, how will it benefit humanity? ' Ignorance is not bliss ; ' neither is knowledge bliss, unless turned into proper channels, and it be made to conserve the good and true. Knowledge, unattended by wisdom and prudence, often culminates in folly. Knowledge is easy to those who have enlightened consciences, and correct understanding, and are willing that wisdom shall take precedence of knowledge; so that every great thought that has been cradled in obscurity may be directed to useful ends and purposes, and prove a benefactor to the race, when evolved from its hitherto covert resting place, and be made to hasten the reign of universal love and peace, when truth shall triumph over error, and right, instead of might, rule in the councils of nations, and conduct the affairs of men. Spiritualism as it now^exists is undefinable and unreliable. While it indicates progress, and is a nullifier of all creeds and dogmas, it fails to offer a better system of practical Christianity. In many ways it points in a wrong direction and leads to latitudinarianisrn, pleasing the senses and feeding the sensual appetites. Spiritualism, as far as it inculcates purity of life and embodies the principles of love to God and man, bears witness that it is a messenger sent from celestial spheres on an errand of love and mercy to the race of mankind. We hope it will accomplish the work it was sent to perform, and not prove to be a hydra-headed monster, unworthy the name it bears ; but prove to be a child of God, commissioned by angels not onlv to enlighten the inhabitants of the earth sphere, but also to quicken and vivify their consciences, and cause them to be more spiritual, and to bring them into more just and harmonial relations with their brother man, and into closer union and communion with God and His good angels. The phenomenal conspicuity of modern spiritualism has arrested the attention, and attracted millions of people to it, and to accept it as a theory, who in reality did not wish to be more self-denying in their life practices, and to rise unto a higher plane' to live as do the angels, and be lifted up in spirit and draw others unto them, as did the Judean prince and prototype. Hence, spiritualism so named, in its present form, needs to be spiritualized. It lacks the testimony of Jesus, the vital forces which can alone vivify and re-create the souls of men and women, and cause them to expand and grow into the image of the heavenly. We are not satisfied with a tree that only bios, soms well, however beautiful it may appear to the external senses ; but in due time we look for the fruitage. The tree of modern spiritualism blossomed well, and its aroma was borne by spiritual winds to distant lands. Now, it is time to expect fruit. Religion is the essence of divine love. As THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 221 the soil of the earth would be cold and barren without the vivifying rays of the sun, so is the human heart without faith in God, and the true love that inspires and moves it to works of unselfish devotion for the good of humanity, as well as our own soul's progress into higher realms of thought and action, where our motto shall ever be: ' Blessed are the pure in heart.' Undefiled, unadulterated religion is what we need. Professions, names and titles are of no account, if the heart is not right before God. If some who have heard the call, ' Come up hither,' and have partly arisen with Christ onto the resurrection plane of life and have ' run well fora season,' if they lay by their gospel armor and cease the strife so that they lose their hold and standing, it will not change principle nor alter truth. The higher they have risen the greater the fall. If angels fall, they must find their place with fallen angels in a demoniac condition. God is not dependent upon mortals to perform His work, but we are dependent upon Him for safe guidance and protection. And if we keep His laws inviolate and bring forth fruit meet for repentance and the approval of good angels, we have naught to fear. Gospel friends, let us take timely warning.