A SUNDAY WITH THE SHAKERS Some of our readers have seen the Shaker service. Many have not. For the benefit of both we give to-day a report of last Sunday's Shaker meeting at the little chapel on the border of Androscoggin county, some eleven miles from Lewiston. Shaker village is perched on one of the most arduous hills of the county. Miles away you can see the large, stone fortress-like building where one of the two Shaker families composing the community lives. The second family's home is in a weather-stained, old-fashioned building, almost one hundred years of age. It was built in 1795, and the elder said, after service last Sunday, ' It's not fit for a Christian to live in. We're making preparations 226 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. now to build a new one.' The Shakers in their dignified drab coat-tails, and Shakeresses in their neat, plain gowns, glistening white-pointed kerchiefs, and their scrupulously starched bonnets, were marching from the house to the chapel when the reporter arrived. In the church the Shakers formed, standing in two squares, the males in one and the females in the other. The two divisions stood facing each other, with their hands clasped in front of them. In the rear ranks of each body stood the young wards of the community. There were three little boys of eight to ten years, and half a dozen girls, apparently of four to fourteen years, whose long, braided hair formed a marked contrast with the closely concealed locks orf the Shaker women. The little boys' crowns were closely shaven, while the locks at the base of the head had been allowed to grow down their necks in imitation of the flowing, patriarchal hair of the aged Shakers. Standing in this position, one voice commenced a strain of quaint song, which ail took up. It was something between a hymn and a chant. The melody was strange but pleasing, and was sung by all the voices, male and female, in unison. An impressive effect was given the last chord by all the singers gradually softening the tone, and ending the diminuendo in barely a murmur, at the same time slowly lowering their hands from the clasped position to their sides in perfect harmony with the movement of the music. The elder then stepped forward to the space between the two sections of Shakers. The lines of his face indicate a man of remarkable firmness of character. The high, sloping forehead, the prominent Roman nose, the unrelaxed facial muscles, his stately demeanor, and the distinct solemn utterances of a deep, musical voice, all pointed to a mind of the most positive convictions, and ability of no mean order. The elder read the fourth chapter of St. John. The women and children then sang spiritedly a beautiful hymn. This and all the following hymns were given the same tremulous diminuendo, ending as before. In the next song one common spirit seemed to move the worshipers in a stately march backward and forward across the floor of the chapel. They kept perfect time with the tune they sang, and marched with the regularity of militia, making square heels, and accompanying their march with a swinging motion of the arms and hands, palms backward. There were several fine signers among the men, and all the women had excellent voices. The juvenile Shakers seemed to enter into the service with the same enthusiasm as the veterans. It was amusing to a spectator to watch the solemn faces and attitudes of the little fellows. Not a suggestion of a smile came over their features, and, to our mind, the staidest Shaker of them all was a lad of perhaps ten summers. He wore a loose, cherry-colored sacque and a high-buttoned velveteen waistcoat. He had a fair, untanned face, and pale blue eyes. The blue veins were seen through the delicate skin covering his temples, and he had a dreamy, far-away look. The neck-locks of light hair fell over his coat-collar. He seemed possessed of a most intense spirituality, and was as deeply ab sorbed in his devotions as the elder himself. The Shakers take these children by adoption, and have more requests to take and bring up orphan and uncared-for children than they can comply with. The wards are indentured to them until they are twentyone. Then they are at liberty to leave the community and go into the world if they wish. The Shakers educate them, and give them the best of home training. After several marching songs, the Shakers took seats. We had noticed among them one sandy-haired young man, apparently of not more than twenty-five yea.rs of age, who wore a plum-colored coat, and who sang with much unction. The young man stepped forward nervously, drank a little water from a glass, opened a Bible which lay on a window shelf, and after a nervous lifting of the shoulders and compression of the lips, read a text from the eighth verse of the third chapter of Second Peter: 'But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day.' He then spoke earnestly, for about fifteen THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 227 minutes, without notes, in a measured, distinct and cultured voice. The speaker's words were listened to with the most profound attention by the audience. He was William Paul, the eloquent young preacher of the Shakers. Mr. Paul has been with them about four years. He is older than he looks, having reached the age of thirty-five years. He was born in Scotland, and educated in Glasgow. There are few pulpit orators who have the power of clothing their ideas in such chaste and eloquent language, or addressing themselves directly to the hearts of their hearers to a greater degree than this young Shaker Scotchman. After he concluded, another song was sung. The preacher then arose again and said : 'If any of our visiting friends desire to say a few words they have perfect liberty.' One of the strangers present arose and explained the recently inaugurated custom of passing the contribution box. He said that it had not been originated by the Shakers themselves, but by the outsiders, who desired to see the chapel enlarged, in order that they might be accommodated more conveniently. He then passed the hat and got a liberal collection. The elder arose and said quietly: ' Let us lay aside our seats and form a circle.' The settees were placed beside the walls. A small circle of singers formed in the center of the chapel. Around this inner circle the other worshipers formed in double file, and marched, while all joined in the Shaker hymns, and kept up constantly a swinging motion of their arms and hands in concert with the rhythm. They took a very graceful promenade step, the women leading, and the small boys bringing up the rear. The queenly form and bearing of one woman, apparently one of the eldresses of the community, was noticed by every beholder. A handsome white silk handkerchief and the regal grace exhibited in her walk distinguished her from her sister Shakers. The sightless eyes of one very aged and infirm Shaker, who took part in the other exercises, prohibited him from participating in this. Four or five songs were sung and accompanied by this strange, sober walkaround. One of the scalp-locked lads was in the file with the elder, and the little fellow both lengthened his stride and drew down his face to equal proportions with the elder. The marching ceased, and the elder, after a few remarks, read an article from a publication called ' The Shaker Manifesto,' published by the United Societies. The reading was followed by testimonies by the brothers and sisters. One aged, gray-haired brother said : ' I'm not ashamed of the Shaker life. I'm glad I have given up the life of self and given my life to God. I want to be a better Shaker.' A sister said: 'I think the angels have come near unto us in our devotions. I am glad I am a Shaker. At the age of sixteen I said to myself: 'Shall I serve myself or the Lord? Shall I live a life of pleasure or a godly life? I said I would serve God, and I feel that I have done it. It has been a satisfaction to me to escape many trials, get out of the world, assume the plain dress and language, ani live a life of purity. I'm glad I did so. I know I would have been as liable as any woman in this world to succumb to temptations of the world if I hadn't placed myself beyond them.' After more marching the venerable blind Shaker closed the exercises by speaking a few words and requesting the audience to remain seated while they passed out. This was done. The Shaker service was over, when the patriarch was reverently led out of the door by a young brother. Lewiston (Me.) Journal.