Editorial UNGODLY PERSECUTION REMAINS OF THE INQUISITION. One of the most distressing and alarming propositions now being considered by a certain theological court is the suspension, and perhaps expulsion, of one of God's best mediums to the race, from the fellowship of the church ; and this because of a godly growth, and the breaking of theological but unchristian shackles; such is the case of one dear to our heart, the Rev. H. W. Thomas, of Chicago. Outgrowing the narrowness of human creeds, and speaking from God in his soul, he has dared presume and to teach a hope that in the future life there is yet a chance for a change from evil ways to the better life, before the ultimatum of 'go to Hades '' is irrevocably pronounced. Still further, this champion for God and truth has dared to put a reasonable construction upon the theory of the atonement, so that it will better mean to be at one with goodness, that it may be of any beneficial effect. We have always loved the Methodist church; and so do we all other churches for their every good feature; but when any church rises up to punish, persecute and annihilate one of its own best prophets, teachers and advancing leaders, because he presents a more loving and adorable God than was ever worshiped in that church before, we rejoice that we know the days of that church, in such narrowness, are numbered. It is a truth that the character of God, as best known to the people, is THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. 233 learned by the religious status of the people themselves. A vindictive man or woman inclines to the opinion that their God is even more vindictive than themselves. It is impossible to educate individuals with extreme benevolence and affectionate regard for their species, that their God is worse than they are ; for ' Education ne'er supplied What ruling nature has denied.' Therefore, Dr. Thomas, in the goodness of his heart, rebels at the teachings of a,theology that would transfer the guilt of millions upon a guiltless individual, and punish him with millions of stripes, for being so good as never to have done any thing bad, while the bad go scot free ! We are aware of the old-school theory that there is no chance for one's salvation from sin and its punishments in the hereafter. But Bro. Thomas has in his nobler conception of God dared to assert that a woman in Chicago, hurled into eternity by a murderous husband, would find a probationary state there, and that because of any failure to participate in certain churchal sacraments she should not therefore be numbered with the damned. For this he is to be tried and condemned. We can only pity a church that can so enact, and do more highly honor such an advocate ol mercy and charity, as Dr. Thomas, than we could pay homage to the god of said church. Theodore Parkei was bitterly opposed to capital punishments. Being ;isked by one who believed the God of the Old Testament to be the unchangeable God o; the universe, what he would do if Goc should command him to go out anc Tlang a man ? answered, very consistently : 'I would hang up such a God, and let the man go!' Bro. Thomas is a godly missionary to the Methodist chnrch to-day. If said, church is ready to move toward a better God than she has conceived of heretofore, all will be well. If she still confines her powers and petitions to a God which does not comprehend as much goodness, mercy, charity and unselfish love as is found in some mortal organisms, that church will become obsolete, Avhile her former adherents will sail in another ship under the guidance of a better God. Our Methodist brethren, we hope, Avill prove too noble to succumb longer to a theology that teaches of a God more vindictive, cruel, and with less compassion than they are capable of exercising one toward another. Let the result of the trial be what it may, we will pray for a firm stand by Dr. Thomas.