REFORMATION RUTH WEBSTER It was said by one a great while ago, ' I once was young but now I am old, yet I have not seen the righteous forsaken nor his seed begging bread.' There are those in modern times who might make the same declaration, for there are many who pass for righteous who would not bear a very close scrutiny without disclosing some unrighteous acts. Tho' those acts be ever so secret yet will they tell on the coming generation. So we are forced to the conclusion that antenatal conditions have more to do in shaping the character and disposition of children than would at first appear. The profligacy of ministers' children is so common that it has become a proverb, that ministers have the worst children. But it does not follow that because one looks after his neighbor's garden that his own is free from weeds. Besides there may be some difference in preaching and practicing. Were those who are about to become parents aware of the misery entailed upon children by antenatal conditions how earnestly they would strive to make those conditions harmonious and agreeable. Many well-meaning parents through ignorance entail lasting misery on their children. I once heard of a woman who on her dying bed confessed to her husband that she had been in the habit of pilfering frem him to eke out the allowance which he gave her for the use of the family. She mentioned it, not that she thought that she had done wrong, but that her successor might not be expected to do with the small allowance which was insufficient. We might at first think it a small matter, but when we consider the disposition entailed upon the children by the penurious miserly disposition of the father and the pilfering practices of the mother, who can estimate the amount of misery visited on the children, it may be, to the third and fourth generation. There is a great need ef reform. If we wish to improve the quality of our fruit, we do not wait till the apples begin to grow, but commence in the fall with the tree. Prune it thoroughly, attend to the condition of the soil and see that the tree is free from every obnoxious influence and then under favorable cenditions we may look for superior fruit. It has been said and that justly that there is more common sense used in every other department of culture than that of the human species. ' From whence come wars and fightings among you ? come they not hence even lusts that war in your members ?' That is it, let lust be subdued. Those who would bring about a reform in morals, temperance and peace had better commence by teaching the present generation how to propagate their species in a pure, orderly way. Then they may with confidence look for a reform in the next generation. Let parents indulge in no act or disposition 222 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. that they would not entail upon thei children, then the coming generation wil show a great improvement. Union Village, 0.