THE HEAVENLY BRIDESHIP THOMAS SMITH Deak Manifesto—Allow me to congratulate you on the article, in August number with above title ; because it opens rather a new era, that is, one brother can express his thoughts as to the correctness of points, taken by another, how otherwise can we grow ? History seems to be full of strange facts, of which none are more striking than the constant failure of the expectations of religious bodies ; supported by prophecy, embedded in tradition, confirmed by reiteration, positive with bigotry, becoming chosen peoples of God ; they finally decay and lose their hold upon the race, for good. The cause seems to be that they restrict their ideas, beliefs and rewards to very narrow circles; a few are chosen, a few saved, one man controls the salvation of the world ; or one set of men only possess authority to interpret all truth, especially any new truth, or idea. Every era seems to demand change, new men, new thoughts, and thre question of vital importance to us, as well as to all others is, how far are we from the best light of our times ? The article 'Heavenly Brideship' in August number seems to be a brotherly criticism of 'Circumcision and Beards' in July number, but are the positions taken correct, is it not another skirmish in the continual struggle between those on the one side, who believe that the Gospel of Christ, first and second, takes hold of every act of our lives—Generation, Nutrition, Property and Government ; and all their elaborations; and those who believe that when Jesus Christ came, then all these things ceased to call for attention on the part of his followers; in other words, Jesus Christ came to destroy, make null the Law, instead of fulfilling it. Which did He do ? The Law was a schoolmaster to bring souls to the Gospel. No man upon entering college throws away the rudiments of his early training; the alphabet forms the very foundations of his future acquirements ; he ceases his former lessons only because they have become an incorporate part of his being. No man erecting an edifice, after completion, tears out his foundations, and throws them away ; else when storms come his building falls. Now why does not this law hold good in the higher ethics of our latter-day life ? If Israel walked by law and statute in all things pertaining to life here, for hundreds of years, and the net result was Jesus Christ, why not continue the process, for further results ? Is it not 218 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. just possible that we are suffering for the same processes ? ' Think not that I am come to destroy the Law or Prophets, I am not come to destroy, but to fulfill ; for verily I say unto you, that heaven and earth pass, away, one jot or tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled.' If Jesus fulfilled the law, how am I to escape fulfilling it, if I am His follower ?, And so with every one, it is only on a par with the atonement, to say He fulfilled it for any one else. We sometimes hear, that when Jesus Christ came the law ceased to be operative ; and there is a certain amount of truth in the remark, but only because it is a play upon words. The Penal Law, the law of punishment for breaking the higher law of God, was abrogated, simply, because the higher law was obeyed. When the greater was fulfilled, the lesser ceased to exist ; the Jewish people needed the Penal Law added, because of their transgressions of the original law of God and Nature, relating to generation, food and property, no more than the people of Ann Lee's time, and our own needed the same law for precisely the same transgressions. If the restraints put upon the sexual relation by Moses, and in Christ's day in celibacy ; that the restraints put upun property ended in community of goods, by what process of reasoning can we escape the conclusion that the restraints put upon the use of animal food ended in its entire rejection ? They must stand or fall together. The work of preparation was too vast, too far reaching and elaborate, to find consummation in one man, or set of men ; it was universal ultimately. So with the Bride and Bridegroom ; are they not terms, broad and comprehensive enough to cover systems of thought reaching from the past to the present ? merging the stability of the Jew with the broader and deeper light and knowledge of the present Gentile ? And how does this detract in any wise from the dignity or kinship of Jesus Christ or Mother Ann ? He was the first born of many brethren; she the first born of many sisters; what either of them endured of physical suffering is of minor importance, as compared with the great systems of thought which each headed in their time. Thousands of men and women have borne equal physical pain and f©r righteousness sake. But Jesus and Ann led the van. He represented the Fatherhood of God, she the Motherhood of God, but more than this He represented the training and culture of ages, the stability and permanence of truth in the Divine Man; while she was the protest of the agony and suppression of the Divine Woman calling for recognition ; pressed down by government, social custom and blind ignorance. She reached beyond her condition and claimed equality with her brother, Jesus. Why should her system reject His culture ? Why should the basis of past progress be rejected by her followers ? Is there no grandeur and beauty in the consummation of the Divine promise that ' all sickness and pain, all suffering and every thing that hurts or harms, in all God's holy mountain shall be removed ?' Go with me throughout the quiet homes of our dear brethren and sisters from Maine to Kentucky and what is there more needed than health? Ask your memory how many of the bravest and truest have fallen by the fell hand of disease, when Zion most needed them—irreparable losses ; and have we not grown in beauty as a people, as fast as truth has regulated our lives in relation to this world ? • There exists a grave inconsistency in our saying, ' The way for the followers of Christ to do right about generation is to let it entirely alone,' and then say in relation to its fellow subjects, do as the Gentiles do. Generation and its kindred subjects are all laid under the same diseipline of the Law, viz., curtailment and restraint, and we say in relation to generation, this restraint points to extinction, for a higher life, but its fellow subjects are of no importance. Because the Law was first, does not necessitate the assumption that the Gospel is subordinate, by any means ; the lesser always precedes the greater, the greater conserves the lesser, not destroys it. ' Because the law was weak through the flesh ' the gospel removed the flesh, and the law THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 219 became strong, not a nullity. Then when the truths of both dispensations are embodied in human society, will we be able to sing the song of Moses, the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb ; then differences of opinion will not constitute men heretics or lunatics, but the Law having given us Truth and Justice, the Gospel will give us Love which melts and merges differences of opinion into the Brotherhood and Sisterhood of Christ. Canaan, N. Y.