DOING SOMETHING FOR POSTERITY The movement to encourage the growth of trees continues. In New England many old farms are being replanted or are growing up into forests. In many of the picturesque old villages improvement associations are at work beautifying the local habitations with shrubs and what will yet become noble trees. There is an astonishing amount of tree planting all over the extreme west. Indeed, in the prairie countries groves and bits of wood have become a necessity to protect the farm-house and barns from the fierce winds which occasionally visit plains not intersected by mountain ranges. There is still much needless waste of wood, and forest fires are altogether too frequent. Indeed, the day must come when the Federal government will be empowered to protect our forests, as well as to give authority to replant certain sections, so as to secure a supply of water for rivers which would dry up if the feeders at their headwaters were removed. But until Congress is empowered to act, by a change in the organic law, the disposition to plant trees by individuals and corporations should be warmly commended. Some of the railroads are helping on the good work by offering prizes for trees planted on either side of their tracks, and some of them have the good sense to spend a little money in tree and shrub planting near the stations. Travelers on the Union Pacific road will recall the tasteful surroundings at the stations where the travelers stop for their meals. It would pay all the railroads to do as much for the traveling public in every part of the country.—Demorest's Monthly. The author of ' Home, Sweet Home,' J. II. Payne, a poor but genial-hearted man, says the London City Press, was walking with a friend in London, and, pointing to one of the most aristocratic hauses in Mayfair, he said : ' Under those windows I composed the song of ' Home, Sweet Home,' as I wandered about without food or a semblance of shelter I could call my own. Many a night since I wrote those words, that issued out of my heart by absolute want of a home, have I passed and repassed in this locality, and heard a siren voice coming from within those gilded walls, in the depth of a dim, cold London winter, warbling ' Home, Sweet Home,' while I, the author of them, knew no bed to call my own. I have been in the heart of Paris, Berlin, London or some other city, and have heard people singing ' Home, Sweet Home,' without a penny to buy the next meal, or a place to put my head in. The world has literally sung my song until every heart is familiar with its melody. My country has turned me ruthlessly from office,and in my old age I have to submit to humiliation for sread.' I believe that virtue shows quite as well n rags and patches as she does in purple and fine linen. I believe that she and every beautiful object in external nature claims some sympathy in the breast of the poorest nan who breaks his scanty loaf of daily bread.