Home Topics An attractive and economical tea cake... An attractive and economical tea cake, and oue which might appropriately be called 'children's delight,' is made by taking enough white bread dough to make a small loaf ; knead into it a tablespoonful of butter or lard, two tablespoonfuls of English currants ; let it rise until it is very light, then bake in a moderately hot oven. If you have any of the tin cans in whicli tomatoes are put up, use one of them for a baking tin, and bake this cake in it. You will have a pretty round loaf, and the size and appearance of the slices are also pleasing. Graham bread seems actually to taste better if baked in one of these tins. To Soften Putty and Remove Old Paint .— Take three pounds of quick stone lime, slack the lime in water, and then add one pound of American pearl-ash. Apply this to both sides of the glass and let it remain for twelve hours, when the putty will be softened, and the glass may be taken out without being broken. To destroy paint apply it to the whole body of the work which is required to be cleaned; use an old brush, as it will spoil a new one ; let it remain about twelve or fourteen hours, and then the paint may be easily scraped off. A Useful Plumb Rule .—Get a good piece of board, a little larger than may be desired, and strike a circle on its face at each end, taking care that they are both struck from the same centre. Plane straight on the edge until the sides of the circle are touched on each side. When this is done the piece of board will be of parallel breadth. Then a line drawn through the centre, with a slit for the cord and an opening for the play of the bob, will complete the plumb. For Burns .—When cooking, you often burn your fingers or arms, and there is not time to turn to tie them up. Take a piece of hard soap, and dipping it in water, rub it over the spot. Continue to do this two or three times until the surface is thoroughly covered. It will be found to afford great relief. Or you may dip your burned hand in the soft-soap bucket and hold it there a few moments, and you will experience the same relief. Aunt Addie. To Weld Cast Steel Without Borax —Take copperas, 2 oz.; saltpetre, 1 oz.: common salt, 6 oz.; black oxide of manganese, 1 oz.; prussiate of potash, 1 oz. All should be pulverized and mixed with 3 lbs. of nice welding sand. With this preparation welding can be done at a cherry heat.