SOUL TRAVEL No. 3 Giles B. Avery As previously stated, succeeding the age of pantheism in Greece (which once was typical of the state of all Europe), commenced a belief in a Spirit God, and an age of inquiry set in, because the simple Indian or Hindoo iaea of a ' Great Spirit' God did not satisfy the growing soul of humanity. In the earliest ages of this belief in a Spirit God the human understanding (as if prophetically pointing out the sacrifice of the corrupted animal, or carnal nature, in order to become affinitively united to the Divine Intelligence) projected the idea of acceptable worship of their God by the sacrifices of animals for propitiation for their sins, and to secure His blessing, and even men were thus used. Still their ideal Spirit God was so far distant from man, that star worship was introduced, and as befitting the gloomy state of the nightshrouded soul, dense forests and sacred groves constituted the temples for worship, in those benighted ages : but in this, soul manifests instructive life and reason viz.: that to become spiritually enlightened and enlivened, the mind and senses must be withdrawn from the bustles and contentions of war, the strifes of worldly ambition and selfishness, and often from even the cares of civic life, for a season. And, as if prophetic of the millennial period, the priesthood of this age consisted of prophetesses as well as prophets, who joined in the ceremonials of administrative duty. Now mankind began seriously to inquire, What is the human soul? The animal senses alone are prone, ofttimes, to deceive us, hence, the philosophic mind exclaims, Have we any criterion of truth? ' The moment a suspicion that we have not, we realize what may be truly termed intellectual despair.' But Pythagoras became almost deified by the Greeks, because he revealed to their understandings the fact, that though through the senses the visible and audible may deceive us, we may, nevertheless, find absolute truth in that which is alto- THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. gether separate from material nature, as for instance, in the relations of members, as — two and two are four ; in the fact that the length of any two sides of a triangle, taken together, are greater than a third side, etc., etc ; thus, though beset with many deceptions of the senses, we are surrounded by a world of truth. Thus reason, which has objects of her own, a world of her own, has guides to truth for man. . As Sophists, the Athenians arrived at the conclusion that there is no conscience, no good nor evil; no philosophy; no religion; no law ; no criterion of truth. But man, thus conditioned, caunot live. If his speculations in nature give eim no reliable data of truth, he will seek in other directions. 'If he cannot prove, by physical arguments^the existence of God, he will-like Socrates, accept that great fact as self-evident, needing no demonstration thus instituting an age of unquestioning faith ; faith in a spirit, living God ! ' In an ever existing soul, whose happiness alone consists in the practice of virtue. ¦ But the changeful and oscillating nature of man, which is ever inclined to extremes in life, next proceeds to anticipate a fulness of Divine favor, by totally denying all the pleasures and comforts left to man by the field of reason and substituting the fatal sophism of the necessity of physical torture, almost to the extent of human endurance, as practiced by the stylites of Syria, who with a view of separating themselves more completely from earth, took up their abode on the tops of pillars, on which they remained, without ever descending to earth, and exposed to all the variations of a Syrian climate. Also by the Anchorites of the third century of the Christian Era, who fled to deserts and dens and caves of the earth, and imposed on themselves tortures of body as a substitute for the glory of martyrdom for the Christian cause. Thus, as though the acme of virtue consisted in the entire ^abnegation and crucifixion of all the comforts and pleasures of the physical senses, in order to understand and comprehend intrinsic truth, and please God, an order of extreme ascetics arose, characterized by the example of one Diogenes, who lived in a tub, and Antithenes of Sinope, who made virtue to consist in ignorance, a contempt of learning, of honor, of the possession of property, and who enduring the suffering of the loss of all physical comforts prided himself in ragged garments ! Much of the error of this course was manifested by the admonition of Socrates to Antithines, thus — ' 1 see your pride through the holes in your cloak.' Thus is presented to our view the oscillatting, repeating, re-repeating and overlapping experiences of soul travel, and the struggles the human family has waded through — the trials the soul has had, to become recognized as man's true and omniscient guide and tutor ; and she is still a child, in the school of her Divine Parent and Tutor. ' A review of Grecian History presents: First, a legendary, prehistoric age; second, an age of credulity; third, a succession of ages of speculative inquiry — faith, reason, etc.; and fourth, an age of decrepitude.' ' The legendary age was closed by geographical discovery ; the age of credulity by the criticism of sophists ; the age of faith by the doubts of the skeptics ; that of reason by gradual decrepitude, introduced by the licentiousness of the Roman Conquerors.' These phases of national experience manifest in a considerable degree the experience of myriads of individual souls in life's journey. It is said 'there are four grand topics in Greek philosophy. First, the existence and attributes of God; second, the origin and destiny of the world; third, the nature of the human soul; and fourth, the possibility of the criterion of truth.' 'The results the Greeks arrived at were, first, of God. He is, and is All-powerfal, All-perfect, eternal, and is necessarily One God ! It is conceivable that God can exist without the world ' (this denies pantheism) 'but inconceivable that the world can exist without G-od.' Notwithstanding this conclusion, they eventually drifted into pantheism—that the universe itself is God, and that all animate and inanimate things belong to His essence. Here was again repeated the Indo-European experiences of untold ages before, viz. : 248 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 249 ' There is no God independent of nature !' But this conclusion does not meet and satisfy the demands of the human soul, consequently cannot be a fixed idea in the understanding of man; he presses his inquiry further to find an Eternal Parentage, mindfuj of his necessities and ministering to his needs. Of the origin of the world, the Greek Alexandrian, Roman and Christian ages all agreet hat the world is an emanation from God. The theology of Vedas also centered in the same conclusion— 'the universe is the thought of God, the shadow of God.' Of the soul, Greek philosophy determined it to be a portion of Deity Himself; it contemplated a past eternity, a future of immortality. It is said the Greek and Indian Hindoo philosophy agreed on this point; but the latter determined perfect happiness to consist in entire passiveness and repose, or unconsciousness — '' nirvana ' — absorption into God! Not in the practice of goodness and the rewards of virtue. But the living, pulsating soul of man never could rest in this conclusion, without every thing in life tending to decay and dissolution; soul must have a heaven of continuous manifestations of ever-flowing bliss, catering to an eternal consciousness of being. For a criterion of truth early philosophers^ as really as those of modern date, discovered that it was not safe to rely on the senses of man, for these were often deceptive. A straight stick thrust into water obliquely to a right line from the eye looks crooked; a small substance rapidly rotated assumes, to the sense of sight, a solid circular plane ; echo illustrates the possibility of deluding the sense of hearing ; taste, touch and smell also practice their delusions upon us in mul titudinous and varied forms. Thus philosophers from age to age have been baffled to find the immovable fulcrum for the lever of abstract truth in facts mani fested by experience; thus the fullness of abstract truth is only to be obtained by continuous search and revelation. And the utmost degree of reason possessed by any one individual soul, or any number of souls in any one given age of man, has not attained to the absolute measure of the fullness of abstract truth. Thus the prospective future is full and aglow with prospective revelation of truth and hope celestial, while the present, to those who regard and rely on the present revelations of truth as steps in the ladder of progress for climbing to higher realms of its mansions, is never cheerless. The human mind, trained by the experiences of past ages, is expanding; the soul is traveling upward to higher and still higher altitudes of truth by the revelation of God. Truth is a building that hath foundations eternal in the embraces of the Infinite, and that which experience has once demonstrated as truth ever remains the same, and all truths when fully comprehended harmonize as parts of one stupendous whole — one glorious building of God — while the living soul of man is reaching out its feelers for still more of truth and its harvests of supernal joys; but these are manifest alone to the pure in heart and true in life, those who live in obedience to the laws of God to them revealed, and the march of whose souls is in the pathway marked out by the hand of Him who rules the destinies of universes by laws unchangeable, as well as those of worlds, or the individual intelligent inhabitants thereof. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.