A NEW SECT THE DUNKERS ESTABLISH THEMSELVES IN ST. LOUIS—SOME OF THE PECULIARITIES OF THE BRETHREN. A new sect—new to St. Louis—has lately been established in the city, that of the church of the Brethren, or German Baptists, commonly known as Dunkers. Last night they held a meeting at Sturgeon Market Hall, and had prayer and sacred song. The larger portion of the congregation was composed of women, who all wore white lace caps and plain gowns or dresses of dark stuff. Daniel Vaniman, of Virden, Illinois, presided. He is a tall, well-built, plain spoken man, with heavy black beard—most of the brethren grow beards—full face and well developed forehead. He was assisted by John Metzger, of Cerro Gordo, Illinois, a very old gentleman, on whom infirmity had laid its heavy hand. Brother Vaniman briefly explained to a Globe Democrat reporter the peculiarities of the church. They baptize only those who have come to the use of reason and are capable of sin. Both the administrator and recipient of the rite go down into the water, and the candidate, while kneeling, is immersed three times, as 'Of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost' is said. The Brethren also lay hands on those they baptize. They never go to war, nor to law with one another. Disputes are settled in the church. If a member will not pay his just debts, when able, he is expelled by a majority vote. They do not join secret, oath-bound societies, and will not lift the hand and swear in court, simply affirming. ' The brethren and sisters adorn themselves in plain and modest apparel, and utterly repudiate the vain and ever changing fashions of the world, comprehending ' the plaiting of the hair, the wearing of gold and of pearls, and of costly array.' ' In connection with the Lord's Supper and Communion—which is a literal supper, including soup—they wash one another's feet. One brother rises, girds himself with a towl, washes and wipes the feet of another, and this latter one does the same by the next, and so on. The sisters perform the same ceremony on the other side of the house. They practice the salutation of the holy kiss aud the elders anoint the sick members with oil. Each church is under the supervision of an orerseer or bishop. Ministers of the first and second order are elected by the church, each member, even the children, having a vote. Last night there were instances of this. Brother Vaniman asked : ' Does this suit you, brother Charles? And you, sister Saxy ? And you ? And you ?' Besides, there are deacons, or overseers of the poor. The church in St. Louis comprises fourteen members, many of them late soldiers in the Salvation Army. To-day, at 2 p. m., Charles Funk is to be baptized, and, as he is sick, will be carried in a wagon to the water. At 7 p. m., at the hall, the Lord's Supper, Communion, and Feet-washing will take place. The Brethren are eager that every one should come and witness these proceedings.