Correspondence Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., Oct. 12, '81 Jane M. Brainard Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., Oct. 12, '81 Respected Editor : — I have been impressed a number of times of late to write; as often as the feeling would forcibly come, I would think our little Manifesto is well filled by able writers that I consider far more capable than I am, yet the feeling is icrite; if you should not approve I shall feel released and perhaps your waste basket will hold it. While looking, and thinking of the condition of my fellow beings, the feeling it brings seems overwhelming. I see them indulging in all the follies that we that have been blest with the gift of God have been enabled to leave ; spending their time trying to live on wTorse than husks, and seemingly know no better. I think how can we who have received the words of eternal life, have proved their efficacy., have been encompassed with the power of truth, sit supinely idle while so many millions are suffering and wandering in the dark ways of desolation and death ? I think, O that I had a trumpet that I could sound to the ends of the earth and encompass it, endowed with power to cause them to see and realize their situation ! It seems to me that every one that has a privilege and a home in Zion are called to do something — are responsible ; from those that are in possession of five talents to the one that has but one. If we can do no more let us pray that the fire of truth may be conveyed through our little Manifesto. The inward feeling with me about true Christianity, and where Christians were and are correlated I found was the Zion of God on earth where the sun was outvied with THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 253 splendor; knowledge came by reading a book that I opened at random ; felt an envious sensation that passed over me and left a feeling that I never had before, and have never wished to get rid of. I turned to the title and saw it was written by the Shakers, and I do believe the influence and inspiration therein was conveyed through the letter. I pray that holy spirits may influence and move all that have been blest with the least spark of Gospel life, to write as if their pens were dipped in Gospel fire — the fire of truth — that every word may take effect. This is my earnest prayer. Mount Lebanon, Oct. 17, '81 A. G. Hollister Mount Lebanon, Oct. 17, '81 Bro. Albert : — Grace and peace to you, and love from the Father and Mother of Spirits, and may you have strength to go forward and complete the work to which you are called The Shaker Manifesto does not abate in interest, but each succeeding number comes to us freighted with good things. Long may it live to deal spiritual bread to the hungry, and living waters of truth to the thirsty, who have no other means of supply. ' I see a light — a light on the distant horizen, its rays illumine the path of the pure and betoken the coming morning. Take heart.take heart, brave volunteers, the shades of night are dispelling : cast away all doubts, lay aside all fears, this light God's truth is revealing.' Yea it is even 'here, and with you, and in other places. Your brother in love,