FUNERAL DAY M. J. Anderson A tribute to the memory of President Oarfield. Ring myriad bells your requiem chimes to-day! Ere unto dust our martyred dead we lay, Tell all the world before the sun departs A nation's love, that flows from saddened hearts. Through air and sky, send forth the solemn peal, A universal mourning to reveal! While all the people with united voice. Speak praise of him who was their willing choice. The hum of busy marts is hushed and still, A hallowed spirit steals o'er vale and hill. Earth yields in rarest gifts her latest bloom, To wreathe the bier and lift the gathered gloom. 250 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. Our great souled chief! Ah! many tongues will tell How by the bold assassin's stroke he fell With mortal wound, that care and skill defied, Which sapped the strength of manhood's flowing tide. His wondrous fortitude and will sustain Through agonizing weeks of ceaseless pain, The frame that feebler grew, till that brave soul The powers of life no longer could control. The ocean moaned, the fair sun hid his face, A sable shadow veiled his resting place, O'er trembling wires the last sad message sped Around the world ; ' Our president is dead.' And quick response came like a throb of woe From kingly courts and e'en from stations low, One feeling reigned, one impulse deeply thrilled, And kindly sorrow every kindred filled. Bright omen of the blessed bye and bye. When love shall form the happy gordian tie That none can break, when o'er the whole wide world. The star-gemmed flag of peace shall be unfurled. Did not the silvery belt that gleamed on high, And spanned from west to east the evening sky, Portend a meaning deeper than we drew, A bond twixt Continents both old and new? The thronging millions of our own free land With heads uncovered by their altars stand And seal their countless prayers with unfeigned praise, And bow in trust to ' God's mysterious ways.' No North, no South, but one true family, Blend in one common flow of sympathy, Be this a link these sacred hours shall weld So firm that hate forever shall be quelled. Who knows his virtues best pcan on them dwell, His grandly rounded life shall history tell For loftly aims inspired him from his youth His guiding motive was unsullied truth. The press and pulpit, with each other vie In eulogies that place our martyr high, In all that gives to man a lasting name, A niche of grandeur crowning mortal fame Bear gentle to the tomb the last remains Of him whose broad career wears no dark stains. Whose private honors rest in hearts of grief Where precious m emories britig sweet relief. Our prayers, our wishes are not vainly lost Through all the trial, sacrifice and cost, The rod that chastens blooms with life anew. A nation stricken shall be strong and true. God of our fathers! look on this our land,'! For its salvation now stretch forth thy hand, Bless him,who steers the mighty ship of State With sight to shun the sands and shoals of fate. May congresses of noble souls gone forth. Send power and inspiration down to earth, That men may feel where sacred duty lies And give our country counsels good and Purge fraud and selfishness from human laws Help justice plead her rights in every cause, And haste the day when full equality Shall make all nations from oppression free. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.