THE DESIRABLE SALVATION In our day, when heretical opinions are too numerous and too widely circulated to be compassed and commented upon by the pen—heresies concerning the truthfulness or untruthfulness of early religious instructions—we can well afford to drop all the dissensions of theological controversies, and ask, where, and in what is the most desirable salvation ? In the word ' salvation,' we have the thought expressed, of the act of being saved. The religious convert epitomizes all his or her efforts by saying : ' We want salvation.' The simple question here presents itself—what do we want to be saved from ? Is it from the participation in the pleasures of known sinfulness ? or do we mean by the expression, that with all our participation in worldliness and sinfulness, we desiro to be preserved from the penalties of such participations ? Too frequently our real sorrow for sin comes not until we have surfeited ourselves by engagements therein. Too frequently, we might truthfully express our desires for salvation, as hopes to escape the just rewards of our doings—the consequences of known evil practices. As truly as effects follow causes, so truly must we suffer or enjoy the results of our conduct. There may be Saviours unto us, who can and will shield from us, by an overwhelming sympathy, the full strokes following violated laws ; but at some future time we must bear the full results for ourselves. We all love the name of Saviour. We were all early taught to associate this qualifying term with Jesus the Christ. We religiously look with hopefulness for a power radiating from Him, to baptize us with the essences of salvation. Common sense, in religious matters, is fast taking precedence of untruthful theologies, and is opening the eyes of millions to see wherein Jesus Christ really was, and really is our Saviour. It is teaching us, that inasmuch as He was saved from the commission of sin in that degree only ivas He saved from its consequences. Common sense is teaching its disciples to know that so long as we will to sin, no power on earth, Jesus, nor the God of Heaven, can save us from the rewards of sin. The question again comes up : How much salvation do we want ? In all the ages past, there have arisen reformers—godly men and women — teaching salvations in excess of the past. Moses was a mighty saviour to his people; and inasmuch as the people regard Mosaic instructions they are mightily saved. But Moses living, nor Moses ascended can save the violators of the laws given through him from the stripes which must in%ditioixiut THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 255 evitably ensue. Neither can the lovely Jesus Christ spirit prevent us from the consequences of unchristian lives. If we want only the salvation obtained by the strict observance of Mosaic discipline, we can have it only by such observances. But if we are desirous of the superior salvations from the practices of unchristian lives, we can only have these by studying the rules of life particularly practiced by Jesus, living by these rules ourselves and thus only be saved from the punishment of unchristian sins, by a failure to engage in them. -^V