BRIDEGROOM AND BRIDE H. L. EADS Delightful theme to think, talk and write about! Right glad am I to see the critique of my article headed Heavenly Brideship, which appeared in the October number of our S. M. the incongruous yet written so prettily. Its spirit is a model that I would gladly imitate were I able to do so. It gives me the opportunity of more fully expressing my mind on the subject—as well as to point out to the author what I deem to be his mistakes. He seems to be new in the theological arena, hence could not be expected to be clear, logical and concise in his positions and he will doubtless be pleased to have them pointed out. Mistake No. 1 is found in the third paragraph, wherein he seems, unintentionally, to advocate the broad and condemn the narrow way. Forgetting that ' wide is the gate and broad is the way that leadeth to destruction and many there be that go in thereat—because strait is the gate and narrow is the way that leadeth unto life and few there be that find it,' Matt. 7, 14, 15. THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. 245 It reads thus : ' The cause of the failures of religious bodies seems to be that they restrict their ideas, beliefs and rewards to very narrow circles- A few are chosen (although many are called), a few are saved [as Christ truly said]. One man controls ; one set of men possesses authority to interpret all truth especially, any new truth or idea. Exactly so. Christ says : '1 arn the way, the truth, and the life ; no man cometh unto the Father but by me ;' (and whomsoever I send), John 16 : 6. In this line only can any man be saved, and any other mode of salvation is as unnecessary as it is impossible. Child-like obedience to this will save any soul, and who wants any thing more than to be saved ? Again : 'I am the door and he that entereth not by the door but climbeth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber,' John 10: 1. Mistake No. 2 reads : ' Every era seems to demand a change, new men, new thoughts etc.' How change? Change our foundation '? Change from one to many ? Change the certain for the uncertain ? Change from the door to some other way ? Christ says : ' \ xa.t\i.e truth' In him both'in his first and second appearing 'are hid .all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge,' appertaining to the redemption of our race, and ' This I say lest any man beguile you with enticing words,' Col. 2 : 3—4. If new men are needed it is those who will more vigorously prosecute the work and more closely adhere to the life and teachings of our examplers, for ' no other foundation can any man lrfy,', and all who attempt it will only lay stumbling stones in their way and that of others. It was this very idea of changing, expanding and striving for the world's greatness and applause that caused the downfall of the Apostolic church, which can easily be shown by history. This should warn us to beware of changes and new departures. Mistake No. 3. There can be no greater blunder than to suppose the 'gospel of Christ takes hold of and includes in its burdens generation, nutrition and property.' Its hands are defiled with none of these. It not only ignores them but calls us up and away from all the generative brood and every thing pertainiup-'to the old Adamic life. Its domain is spiritual. Neither Christ nor Ann ever taught any thing about generating. Their whole work was regenerating. They call us away from the former, no more to touch the unclean thing in thought or word or deed. It hence is not our call or business to try to make generating respectable. In this regard '' ignorance is bliss.' The less we know, think, feel, say or do about it the better, only as duty may call teachers to condemn it. Believers and true followers of Christ cannot touch the pitch even in thought without being denied. The best way to proceed in this matter is : when we find our thoughts running in that direction check them and turn them to something else ; almost any other line of thought is less dangerous or injurious to spiritual life. In this, and this way only, can we have a successful growth in angelhood. The same of nutrition and property, when they interfere with spiritual growth. Our exemplars have advised us to eat whatsoever is set before us in thankfulness and no grumbling. The spirit is always weak where there is much complaint about diet ; property is also a cumbrous weight on the spirit, and not unfrequently clogs the wheels of spiritual progress. Mistake No. 4. It does not follow that because ' Israel walked by law and statute in things appertaining to this life, the outcome being .Christ, that we must do the same to produce a superior being to Christ. Israel was our type, tliey walked by statute for the natural life, we walk by statute for the spirittial life. When this is attained another higher life is impossible, hence we have no need of higher exemplars than Christ and Ann. They are such now to the human race and ever will be time without end. It reads further : ¦' If Jesus fulfilled the law how am I to escape fulfilling it, if I am his follower 1 ' Ans : Because we are not under the law; Jesus under the law was hot our exemplar. Were we to follow him as he did Moses and as Moses did Adam, we should then introduce generation at once, and come up as he and his parents did with our sacrificial doves for sin and then be baptized with water as he was ! This question surprises me to come from any child of 246 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. the new creation. He, Jesus, was our exemplar only after being baptized with the Holy Ghost and fire into a resurrected life. After this the Mosaic law was null and void, nothing but a dead letter. The article speaks truly in saying : ' Obedience to the higher law abrogated the lower penal law; when the greater was fulfilled the lesser ceased to exist.' Very true. Whence then the necessity of blending with that which is confessed to have no existence ? This is no play upon words but stubborn facts. Mistake No. 5. It is a great blunder to mix law and gospel types and antitypes, and then say they must stand or fall together (!) The types ended with John's baptism; after which their fulfillment began. The types under Moses culminated in circumcision. Must this stand or fall along with Christ's circumcision of the heart? Or must any of the ceremonies of the dead law that ceased to exist with Christ continue with his true followers ? All must say nay. Must the works of the law which were natural and the works of the gospel which are spiritual blend and stand or fall together ? By no means. They are distinct and cannot occupy the same plane. The Bridegroom and Bride are our exemplars, our pole star, the foundation pillars of the spiritual temple. We are perfectly safe in following them and ' walking as they walked' but very unsafe in any divergence from the line marked out by them. They attained the hig-hest maximum of all possibilities to any human, born or unborn. Who can say more or wish to say more, than '' The prince of this world cometh and findeth nothing in me ?' With this the longings of my soul would be perfectly satisfied. Mistake No. 6. The work of preparation that culminated in Christ never did become universal as stated, and it is not so now, and 'tho that if the Bridegroom and Bride may fill the earth, it will remain the same. It will not change to something else, for the world has no need of any thing else. No mortal nor angel should desire any thing else, but with it be reconciled and satisfied. ' I pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God ' in his order, not out of his order but in it. Seek nothing else, for it is the highest, the purest, most angelic, most holy and most God-like of all conceivable conditions. But further it reads truly : ' The bodily sufferings of Christ and Ann were not more than others,' but their soul agonies for their own and the redemption of the world exceeded any that ever walked the footstool. It reads further : 'Ann Lee reached beyond her [natural] condition and claimed equality [as Bride] with Jesus. Why should her system reject His culture? Answer : It did not do it, but accepted it in all its fulness. The reason why past progress is ignored by their followers is because we have something better than it can offer. The ' grandeur and beauty of the promise that God should wipe away all tears from their eyes — that there should be no more crying, sickness, death nor pain, and nothing to destroy in all God's holy mountain ' had no reference to the external body—for children will forever stump their toes and bodies, cry for sugarplums, and old and young people sicken and die —but it may be based on the spirtual fact that the ' former life had passed away and all things become new and all things of God.' Now this thing of diet was agitated in Christ's day and he settled it in few words, why should we not heed them ? One thing is certain — man is a little cosmos which contains within himself a portion of all matter and all depends on the quantity not the quality. Every thing is poisonous in too great quantity, and nothing is poisonous with the proper quantity. What is considered the most virulent poison, sufficiently diluted, becomes harmless. The whole world of science will not gainsay this truth. Mistake No. 7. There would be indeed, as the article says, a great inconsistency in advising Christ's followers to let generation alone and then say to them do as the Gentiles do. ' The Gentiles don't let it alone. This would be equal to advising Christ's followers to let it alone and not let it alone.' Not so, we mean to let it entirely alone and not do as the Gentiles do, mix up flesh and spirit and then call it holy. Our business is to crucify and put it to death—theirs to nourish and support it. Mistake No. 8. The article says: ' Because THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 247 the law was first does not necessitate the assumption that the gospel was subordinate.' But as was assumed that the law was the Bridegroom and the gospel the Bride, this was making the gospel subordinate to the law, which was justly com' plained of. By the gospel removing the flesh it did not, as stated, ' cause the law to become strong,' but the reverse was the case. It thus showed the weakness of the law, because the law supports the flesh while the gospel condemns it. The two cannot be blended. So Christ's followers may leave off the old song of Moses, it is too much of a lullaby and will take up the song of the Lamb and the Bride which inspires ' that love that casteth out fear and melts us all into one brotherhood and sisterhood in Christ.' South Union, Ky.