The Children's Grotto NOTHING TO DO 'What are you going to do this afternoon, John? ' inquired Mr. L-----, the merchant, of a boy that was seated upon the steps of his store. ' Oh, nothing!'' was the indolent reply, and John Simmons looked as unconcerned as though there was no need of his ever doing any thing. Mr. L-----said nothing until another boy came along, walking very fast and whistling a merry tune. ' Halloa, Harry, what are doing to-day ?' he inquired. ' I am going to the North Woods,' the boy replied, scarcely stopping to answer Mr. L-----. ' But wait a moment. I want to talk with you,' Mr. L-----said again. ' I have not time now. Can you not wait until I come back ? ' Harry answered, half-impatiently. ' You see,' he said, as he suddenly remembered that he was not treating Mr. L,-----with the respect that was due him, ' father gave me this afternoon for a half-holiday, and I am going into the woods to have a regular good time with Dick andWill Benson, I'll call to-night if you please Mr. L-----.' ' All right, Harry ; I want to hire you to help me in the store when you are not in school,' and Mr. L-----turned back into the store again. So Harry hurried away as happy he could be, and John Simmons remained about the village spending the bright Summer afternoon — wherever his fancy led him. The difference between these two boys was, that Harry was a bright, active boy, always busy about something, and cheerful and happy; while John Simmons was idle and spiritless, and so, of course, he had ' nothing to do.' He could not well be any thing else but a ' loafer ' when shut up in a filthy bar-room, with the fumes of liquor and tobacco all about him. Two years have passed away since the above occurrence, and to-day Harry is a clerk in Mr. L-----'s store, wearing the same cheerful face and happy smile ; John Simmons is an idle vagabond, with degradation written all over his young face. Beware of the boy that has ' nothing to do,' for it is very probable that the devil will have something for him to do, if he is in this bad predicament. It is better to sometimes have too much to do than 'nothing to do.' It is better to be thoroughly tired of real hard work than to be weary of doing nothing. The devil always chooses Ms workers from the ' do-nothing' class, for others have no time to even listen to his suggestions. The wide-awake, active boy, even though full ©f fun and frolic, stands a better chance of keeping clear of the tempter than one who has 'nothing to do.' PRIZE ESSAYS In a certain town, some years ago, there was a large school, which had an excellent master, and stood well as regards learning, but the conduct of the boys was any thing but satisfactory. Lying and stealing were of frequent occurrence, and no punishment had any effect. The master consulted Lord Shaftesbury. On inquiry he found that out of school the boys were much given to tor- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 257 ment animals, and that they were the terror of all the dogs and cats in the neighborhood. ' I think I can help you,' said his lordship ; and then he announced that he intended to give a prize for the best essay on the subject of kindness to animals. The boys took to the idea ; they set to work at once ; their minds became interested; they began to feel a regard for their creatures which were the subject of their inquiries, and the result was that not only did one get the prize, but the whole school profited.