THOUGHTS CONCERNING DEITY ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE Bible history informs us. that Tophar— whoever he might have been — in his reproof to Job — whoever he may have been — in a satirical manner, said : ' Canst thou by searching find out God? Canst thou find out the Almighty to perfection?' The human mind is active, and it will think and seek out knowledge in some direction ; and it is better to look up and reason Godward, than to live, eat, and drink and die as do the brute creation. The searching investigation still goes on, and the inquiry is made, Who is God? who and what the Christ? The doctrine of the trinity has passed, or is fast passing away ; but yet, among the multitude of church goers, there remain many who cling to the old Trinitarian idea of three Gods conjoined in one ; and if asked to explain what we are to understand by that doctrine, whether it is elementary, or a combination of persons who by some process are consolidated, and made one, the answer would probably be, that it is presumption on our part, in our limited capacity, to undertake to analyze or solve a problem so sacred, and so far beyond our reach ; the wisest thing for us to do is to believe and let it alone. If we continue to ask: What must we believe? the response would be, believe in the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, three in one. Who is the Father, who the Son and who the Holy Ghost? Answer, first, second and third persons in the God-head, but one and indivisible, working in harmony together. Not feeling quite satisfied, again we query: Who is the Son? The answer comes, Jesus the Christ was the only begotten Son of God, who dwelt in the bosom of the Father before the foundations of the earth were laid, was his co-partner and co-worker, but subordinate of course to the Father. Well what of the Holy Ghost ? Hesitatingly they answer, that is somewhat a mystery; but we accept it as true, not because of evidence produced, but the Bible speaks very plainly on that point, and it is the 'word of God, and we do not take issue with the Bible. THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 243 If Jesus was the Christ, or Son of God, why does the same Bible tell us that he was born a Jew, and was subject to temptation like his brethern in mortal form, and that God cannot be tempted? The answer is, O! he was God in part and man in part; and proceed to explain the matter somewhat in the following manner. The race of man had been so corrupt and wickedly depraved, that God despaired of their ever becoming any better, and He grew angry and impatient with them and concluded to annihilate, or destroy them all. The Son, being second in the God-head, did not perhaps feel the full weight of the heinous crimes and transgressions of the peopled world, as did the Father; and the Son saw much in the race that was good, and worth saving. He had always been His Father's counselor, and he was so filled with pity and compassion for humanity, that he reasoned with His Father, and devised a plan of compromise, and offered to become sponsor for the great human family if the Father would sanction the effort. By taking upon himself the form of humanity, and the temptation and weakness — if not entering into their sinful lives practically — He was by His Father's consent clothed with flesh and blood for a time, and lived and walked with men, until the wicked Jews killed him — which we suppose was a part of the plan — then He ceased to be both human and divine, and returned in a glorified form to the Father. A mystery sure enough! Leaving the Trinity and the Holy Ghost as extremely mystical and false, and affirming that Jesus, according to our perceptions, was not the Christ, only a man baptized with the Christ spirit, we are yet anxious to get at some pivotal point, or central idea concerning God, to whom our thoughts can ascend and revolve around, and unto whom we may direct our praise and prayer. The subject does not, will not rest. People will think and investigate, and for the time being may come to different conclusions, yet truth is bound to triumph in the end. By reasoning from different standpoints, we get Atheists, Deists, Pantheists and Theists. All have their reasons to give for their conclusions ; and it is not our purpose to question their sincerity, if we deny their premises. If we reason intelligently Godward, we must have some data to base our reasons upon. Are we to look to God as an organized Being, or only as elementary? Perhaps none would deny that God is in the elements, but is He manifested in His highest form and capacity through Nature and her laws ? We have not yet seen any better exposition of who and what God is than the one given by Paul, the apostle of Jesus, who said : 'The invisible things of Him (God) are clearly seen, being understood by the things that He has made, even His eternal power and God-head,' so that we are left without excuse, if we do not reason logically. Is not man and woman in an organized form, who possess intelligence how to use the products of earth, and direct the elements, a higher form of creation than the elements themselves? The Atheists may deny the existence of any supreme ruler of the Universe, because they have no tangible evidence of such a being; have not seen him. The Pantheist sees God diffused in all created things; in the great planetary system, hears Him in the winds, and in the roaring cataract; and traces His handiwork from the loftiest tree to the tiniest leaflet and flower. How can we reconcile the mind to a world of such order, beauty and harmony, without an intelligent director? All of the elements possess force and power, but not intelligence. Whence came man with the capacity to think, or the organ of sight and hearing ? If at some period of time he was materialized from the elements, who conceived the idea of such a formation, and who breathed into him life and gave him the power of speech? Who formed the pattern? It could not have been incidental or accidental ; there is too much method in it. Some persons say God is omnipresent. If this be so, He cannot possess an organized form like man and woman; their sphere is limited. We answer, God's spirit may be diffused throughout, animating all created things, and His care may extend to all, but His closest communings are with the crowning work of His hands — man and woman, who are the highest representatives of the 244 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. Creator of which we have knowledge. Again the query arises, if God is an organized being, where does He dwell? What are His proportions? Who can measure His height, or fathom His depth ? Is He like man to be measured, that can have a garment fitted to His size ? Can we not by the same process of reasoning ask who Jesus was, where he dwells and what his size and measurement may be ? We have never seen Him ; yet we think of Him as an organized being, possessing intelligence, and all the senses of hearing, seeing and feeling, only in a more enlarged, refined, and superlative degree. And certainly, if Jesus was the Christ, the Son of God, as many claim, then He must have been created in the image of the Father, and would bear a marked resemblance to Him. Those who claim that God is not an organized being should be able to point out the source of intelligence; who and what gave creation birth, and how man and woman became possessed of reason ; and who formed the organs of sight and sound. If produced from the elements, who conceived the idea? From nothing comes nothing. What is the worth of prayer or praise if not directed to some source of intelligence? If there are no ears to hear, no eyes to see, and no hearts to feel, how shall we direct our thoughts and upon what shall we con-, centrate them ? Shall we pray to Jesus, to the saints, to the sun, moon or stars, or to the trees, or to the land and sea ? If we cannot 'find out the Almighty to perfection,' can we not find some germ of truth as a basis from which to reason God-ward ? '' How can we reason but from what we know?' How can we come to any other conclusion than that God is an intelligent being, male and female, with ears to hear and an arm that can save ? Mount Lebanon, N. Y.