LOVE F. W. EVANS 'By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love, one to another' —so said Jesus. Unity, of ideas and opinions—oneness of sentiment is good. To see eye to eye in doctrine is desirable—beautiful ; but to love and be loved is better than all else. Gates of Hell.—If religious and doctrinal controversy be the Gates of Hell, it must be because the Christ-Spirit has not, therein, a controlling power. Hatred is engendered where love should have been created. Belief is held to be a matter of will, not a result of evidence; consequently it is meritorious, while unbelief is a damnable sin to be censured. Inquisitions grew out of this error. It is a poison Upas tree. Human sufferings, in the most horrible forms, have come logically from those premises. And those who perpetrated indescribable tortures, upon defenseless innocents, did it conscientiously, thinking they were doing God good service. Independent impartiality is one of the characteristics of Scripture writers. The evils of Pharaoh and his people are not more vividly described and fearlessly condemned than are the errors of Moses and Miriam and the rebellious stifFneckedness of the Israelites. The sins of the saint, prophets and martyrs are as faithfully and impartially recorded as are their most prominent virtues. If these things happened in the dry tree of external Mosaic law, what should we not look for under the operation of the New Covenant where the Law is written in the heart and interpreted by the conscience of each individual, the ChristSpirit being their inner life and motive power ? Pains and Penalties.—To inflict these where argument fails to convince was the antichristian method of Church and State organization, the inspiration, or investigation, coming from the Babylon Priesthood. How good it was of God, by means of what the savage, bloody minded priests, like Torquemada, called infidels, to give us a Civil Government, where neither infidels, heretics nor saints can be tortured into uniformity that is not a reality. In as much as the antichristian spirit that indorsed the premises above set forth, upon which all inquisitional proceedings, dictating faith by authority and enforcing uniformity by the War Power, are in the heart of each individual, and will never be eliminated therefrom only by the Christ-Spirit producing PAGE. 242 THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. soul travail, how plain it is that agitation of thought is the beginning of wisdom. Father Joseph is reported as saying : ' Brethren, you have a thousand devils in you yet that have never been _waked up.' If sleep does not kill them, better wake them up. Agitation is better than stagnation. The Catholic Church, in the day of her power, could maintain the unity of the church by filling her underground inquisition dungeons, as Russia preserves political quiet by working her Siberian mines with her original thinkers and would-be-reformers like American revolutionists. It remains for the Shaker Church to not let the Gates of Hell prevail against her, but to produce unity of thought by freedom of thought—uniformity of doctrine, by spiritual unity—by such love of truth that gives her a fair field and a free fight with error, in which, who ever knew her put to the worst ? Let brotherly love continue, notwithstanding differences.ofidoctrinal ideas arising from constitutional or educational conditions of body or mind. Impartial self examination and independent criticism of each other is a blessed privilege indispensable to our utterance of the desires, or prayers, ' 0 do, good Lord, the giftie gie us, to see ourselves as others see us.' My confidence in God remains unshaken, that peace is a result of righteousness—that the millennium is a possibility, when the within shall be as good as the without—the bottom of a basket of fruit, equal to the top, and brothers and sisters can exchange ideas and reason together, not like wild beasts who rend and devour, but as Christians in whom brotherly and sisterly love still continues in full operation. Mount Lebanon, Columbia county, N. Y.