CHRISTMAS JAMES G. RUSSELL Commemorative of this notable day of Christendom, many are the manifestations betokening appreciation of the birth and mission of Jesus into the world. But how singularly varied are the grateful memorials characterizing the mass of professing Christians ! Eager to commemorate this eventful epoch, the abilities of professed discipleship are brought into wonderful requisition. The advent of our Saviour into the world was ' to create a new order of things, the old of which shall not be remembered nor brought into mind.' Does this necessitate the external display of pomp, the decorations of halls of wealth, the sumptuous repasts of the wealthy at the expense and exclusion of the poor? ' Inasmuch as ye have done it unto the least of these my breth- 266 THE SHAKEft MANIFESTO. ren, ye have done it unto me.'' How then does this divine injunction accord with the life practice of the so-called Christian world? And upon this day especially, designed as requisite for practical proof of faith in the mission of the Messiah, do the lovers thereof work in harmony with the spirit of Him whom they profess to follow ? ' If ye love me, ye will keep my commandments. Go sell what thou hast and give to the poor ; so shalt thou have treasures in Heaven.' Can our divine exemplar look with an approving smile upon that which forms ho part of his heavenly kingdom ? The rich, becoming richer through the sufferings of the poor, and, upon this day above all others, lavishing their wealth in a manner pampering to innate selfishness, tending more or less to most prevalent passions, among which are the unsuppressed longings of the stomach—a God before whose shrine all other considerations must bow ! Was Jesus thus morbidly affected ? If healingphysical diseases were a conspicuous part of His mission, would the pampering of morbid appetite seem pleasing in His sight ? And yet this is the record which is read upon debilitated humanity—a continuous chain of ignorant or willful transgression of physical laws all along the pathway of life, even 'from the cradle to the grave.' Infants, in many cases, receive their first lesson of intemperance by indulgent parents through the administration of dainties, which, in the end, only tend to sicken opening thereby another channel through which to administer poisonous drugs for the blind purpose of undoing evils which never should have occurred. Likewise, in this receptive period of life they are taught to look forward to the anniversary of the ' dear Jesus' with love and admiration— not so much of the heavenly characteristics of the man, as of the sweetmeats and presents generally, which characterize the day. Indeed, it might be a query to which of the two personages, Jesus or Santaclause their love is the stronger. May the good time hasten when a befitting display of Christmas may be made practical throughout Christendom, which will result in a growing love and admiration of the beautiful principles of Christianity to the exclusion of much that only tends to pamper the taste, dwarf the mind, and disease both physical and spiritual organization. Then will the children come up through the tender period of dependence, imbibing true principles of love to the Saviour, their countenances beaming with genuine delight, while their promising futurity will bespeak not only prosperity and happiness for themselves, but unparalleled blessing and honor to the race. Enfield, N. H