CURIOUS ADVERTISEMENTS '' I would like this advertisement translated into French,' said an American in Paris, handing to a clerk in the American Register office the following curious advertisement: 'Twenty francs reward will be paid for the recovery of a cameo brooch which represents Venus and Adonis lost on the Boulevard des Italiens about 10 o'clock last evening.' But the literary pr®ductions of advertisers who have axes to grind, and who pay liberally for the privilege of occupying space, have before now proved very interesting bits of reading in the columns of a well-edited paper. H H. Brown &amp; Co.. of No. 1 Centre street kept standing for several weeks in a leading New York daily : ' Soldiers who have lost their discharges, and those who did not receive pension from the date of their discharge or death, please apply.' In the '' Wants' department of a country exchange, a resident advertises for 'a woman to wash, iron and milk one or two cows.' A wine merchant asks for bids for ' sixty dozen of prime port, lately the property of a gentleman forty years of age, full in body and of a high bouquet.' A livery-stable keeper offers cheap ' a mail phaeton, the property of a gentleman with a movable head as good as new,'' and ' a splendid gray horse, calculated for a charger, or would carry a lady with a switch tail and warranted kind.' It is easier for some people to determine what they want than to ask for it. Words are bugbears to them, and language takes terrible shapes. 'To be sold—an Erard piano, the property of a lady about to travel in a walnut case with carved legs,' was humorously commented upon by the Saturday Review a few months ago. The Irish World copies an item : ' Purse lost by a poor widow woman who has a sick child containing 13s. and a letter.' No wonder the child was unwell. The next item in the column is the World's own, and is as follows : ' Robert Taylor, aged eighty-three years, is the father of twenty-five children by three wives, seventeen of whom are living.' Robert should be tried for bigamy. The Chicago Tribune, not long since, copied the advertisement of a widow who intended to succeed her husband in the management of a hotel: 'The hotel will be kept by the widow of the former landlord, Mr. Brown, who died last Summer on a new and improved plan. She will be aided by other stockholders.' Such a corporation would not deserve to have a soul. A Coroner's verdict reads thus : ' The deceased came to his death by excessive drinking, producing apoplexy in the minds of the jury.' A country paper says -'A child was run over by a wagon three years old, and crosseyed, with pantalets on.'