Correspondence 84 Russell St., Melbourne W. H. Terry 84 Russell St., Melbourne October, 4, 1881. My Dear Elder Lomas : I read with some concern your brief article in the August Manifesto ' can we afford to suspend ? ' and my reply is a solid no. The gems with which the magazine is so thickly stud ded are infinitely more valuable than the dollars that represent the subscription money, and the world would be poorer for their loss. The only transmittable money I have by me is a two dollar note which I inclose as a small help to pay expenses. I understood from your letter a few months since that my last remittance would pay my subscription to the end of current year. If the Manifesto goes on, as I sincerely hope it will, I will at that time send twenty dollars toward next issue, taking whatever copies it is convenient to send. I know what a thankless office the editorship of a religious paper is, having had twelve years' experience of it, and can therefore sympathize with you as a brother, but hold on just a little longer, my friend, till some one capable of bearing the burden takes it from your shoulders. Yours fraternally, Alfred, York Co., Me. Otis Sawyer Alfred, York Co., Me. November 12, 1881. Dear Brother Albert: The Manifesto must live ; it is indispensable. Every number comes to us laden with rich offerings and contributions from those who live the Christ-life and know whereof they speak ; added to these are choice selections and gems of thought, while the editorials are ' meat of the nut.' These are combined in attractive form so as to make the monthly visitor a most welcome guest. At home it is an educator, while it is diffusing a broad knowledge of the truth as the waters cover the sea. Taking 'the sense of the meetings,' at Alfred and New Gloucester, it was the unanimous expression that the Manifesto was ably and satisfactorily edited, that it must be continued, and that the'present talented editor be requested to continue his services. Now if it be that ' the voice of the people is the voice of God,' then we are sure that Brother Albert will continue as in times past to do the will of God. Both the editor and publisher are deserving and do receive the thanks and share the gratitude of all Zion for their unwearied labor and pains in making the Manifesto one of the best periodicals of the day. Receive freely the love and blessing of your gospel friends in Alfred and West Gloucester. Yours in the cause forever, South Union, Ky. H. L. Eads South Union, Ky. November 9, 1881. \ My Dear Brother G. A. L.: I must write a line to tell you how much I am pleased with Excelsior in the present number of our little craft, just received— words so true, so clear, so direct and withal so modest. More it seems could not be crowded in less compass. All Shaker theology in about two hundred words ! It has been thought by some that to stick to Christ is not keeping up with the progressive age in which we live. Hence they are seeking to find what they call new ruts or grooves to move in ; but why should we want any thing more than the ' highest and best ? ' Excelsior will be hard to excel by the editor or others. Very lovingly thine,