The Children's Grotto GOOD RESOLUTIONS DANIEL ORCUTT Form and re-form good resolutions. If some are not kept, that constitutes no reason for not making them. ' Gird on the heavenly armor' for good works more earnestly than ever. Good resolutions are the spirit's safeguard. Some persons are always intending to do better but never find time to begin. Now is your opportunity, don't miss it. Keep the good resolves now that you should have kept last year. The year 1882 will be as fresh and new as any preceding it; so live that it shall be the best. Make your own heaven and you will be sure to have it. You have the solid benefit of one more year's experience ; profit by it. Never give up ; it is unmanly. If you stumble, do not stop there ; avoid the same error again. Try, and if you fail once, a hundred times, struggle on, the reward will be sure. It is only those who 'look back ' that come to grief. ' Victory comes only through repeated struggles and failures.' Onward and upward steps wins the Christian's crown. ' Experience is a great teacher,' and lessons of experience are often profitable, though not always pleasant. ' Learn from the past to profit by the present, and from the present to live for the future.' Shrink not before adverse gatUty 9^cmtf. 278 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. circumstances — it shows weakness. Persevere. Jesus was unflinching in courage, unwavering in the right. ' Imitate his example. If bad habits and vicious courses hold you in their fell grip, don't despair: grapple manfully with them and you can work wonders. What others have done by their own efforts, and God's help, you can'do. No other one can perform your self denying work, and if you fail, what you should have done will be greatly missed. It is the self-denying struggles that save. There is joy in the thought that you have conquered temptation. Never exchange the blessings of virtue, for the burning fires of vice. ' A sinful life stains clear through.' Virtue confers present joys ; secure them now. Let virtue be the mainspring animating your whole life, and your future is safe, Enfield, Gonn. OUR PARENTAGE M. J. ANDERSON Is the erratic idea of no fathers and no mothers in the gospel logical? If so, how can we acknowledge the fatherhood and motherhood of God, or claim to be children of a Divine Parentage, or, indeed, how can we be brothers and sisters ? If we renounce the first relation why not disclaim the other ? Be monks and nuns; but, even these in their separate communion, claim their leaders respectively as parents, styling them the father or mother-superior, as the case may be, and yielding to them implicit child-like obedience. A true natural household is Father and Mother, brothers and sisters; all other connections by ties of consanguinity are outside of the family circle, not necessarily a part of it. Progenital names and relationships do not at all apply to, nor will they ever be likely to become a part of, our spiritual unioh, which is organized on the basis of parental government ; and only as the father and mother elements harmonize mutually, for the welfare and happiness of the children of their adoption, can there be a happy, flourishing and well-ordered household. It requires all the faculties of the natural man and woman, purified, refined and turned into the channel of spiritual life, to fit them for the high trust of paternal and maternal government in Zion. Those who are deficient in the qualities that would make them proper heads of families in the order of nature will be found wanting in the elements that would gather, nurture and bear with souls until they come fortli unto the birth of the regeneration. Wisdom and love combine to bring forth perfection. All hail to those full-orbed souls that shine as suns amid the lesser stars in God's grand universe of life. These are my fathers and mothers in the new creation, and their obedient children are my brothers and sisters, the hundred-fold relation of promise ; the only kindred I claim. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. SOME SIGNS Solomon said, many centuries ago: ' Even a child is known by his doings, whether his work be pure, and whether it be right.' Some people seem to think that children have no character at all. On the contrary, an observing eye sees in these young creatures the signs of what they are likely to be for life. When I see a little boy slow to go to school and glad of every excuse to neglect his book, I think it a sign that he will be a dunce. When I see a boy in haste to spend every penny as soon as he gets it, I think it a sign that he will be a spendthrift. When I see a boy hoarding up his penniesl and unwilling to part with them for any good purpose, I think it a sign that he wil, be a miser. When I see a boy or girl looking out for themselves and dislike to share good things with others, I think it a sign that the child will grow up a very selfish person. When I see boys and girls often quarrelling, I think it a sign that they will be violent and hateful men and women. When I see a little boy willing to take strong drink, I think it a sign that he will be a drunkard. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 279 When I see a boy smoking or chewing tobacco, I think it a sign that he will soon be guilty of other filthy habits. When I see a boy who never prays, I think it a sign that he will be a profane and profligate man. When I see a'chlld obedient to its parents, I think it a sign of great future blessings from Almighty God. When I see a boy fond of the Bible, and well acquainted with it, I think it a sign that he will be a pious and happy man. And though great changes sometimes take place in the character, yet, as a general rule, these signs do not fail.