HYGIENE OF THE TEETH Felix L. Oswald A hard crust is the best possible dentrifice. I never could get myself to believe in the natural necessity of a tooth-brush. The African nations, the Hindoos, the natives of Southern Europe, the South Sea Islanders, the Arabs, the South American vegetarians— in short, three-fourths of our fellow men, besides our next relatives, the frugiverous animals, have splendid teeth without sozodont. L really believe that ours decay from sheer disuse; the boarding-house home lives chiefly on pap—wants all his meats soft-boiled and growls at cold biscuit or an undone potato ; in other words, he delegates to the cook the proper functions of his teeth. We hear occasionally of old men getting a second, Or rather third set of teeth. I met one of them in Northern Guatemala, and ascertained that he had become toothless during a twelve years' sojourn in a seaport town, and that he got his new set upon his return to his native village, where circumstances obliged him to resume the hard corn-cake diet of his boyhood years. His teeth had reappeared as soon as their services were called for, and would probably never have absented them, selves if a pap diet had not made them superfluous. An artificial dentifrice will certainly keep the teeth white, but that does not prevent any premature decay ; disuse gradually softens their substance, till one fine day the hash-eater snaps his best incisor upon an unexpected piece of bone. Every old dentist knows hundreds of city customers whom the daily use of the tooth-brush did not save from the necessity of applying, before the end of the fortieth year, for a complete 'celluloid set.' I do not say that a soft tooth-brush and such dentifrices as oatmeal or burned arrow-root can do any harm, but, for sanitary purposes, such precautions must be supplemented by dental exercise. Let a child invigorate its teeth by chewing a hard crust, or better yet, a handful of 'St. John's bread,' or carob-beans, the edible pod of the Mimosa siliqua. Chil. dren and whole tribes of the northern races seem to feel an instinctive desire to exercise their teeth upon some solid substance, as pet squirrels will gnaw the furniture if you give them nut kernels instead of nuts. Thus Kohl tells us that the natives of Southern Russia are addicted to the practice of chewing a vegetable product, which he at first supposed to be pumpkin or melon seeds, but found to be the much harder seed of the Turkish sun-flower {Helianthus perennis). Their natural diet consists of milk, kukuruz, (hominy, with butter, etc.), and boiled mutton, and they seem to feel that their Turkoman jaws need something more substantial. The schoolboy habit of gnawing penholders, finger-nails, etc., may have a similar significance. The Mimosa siliqua would yield abundantly in our Southern States, and its sweet pods would make an excellent substitute for chewing-gum. Our practice of sipping ice cold and steaming-hot drinks, turn about, has also a very injurious effect upon the brittle substance that forms the euamei of our teeth; no porcelain glass would stand such abuse for any length of time, and experience has taught hunters and dogfanciers that it destroys even the bonecrushing fangs of the animal from which our canine teeth derive their name.—Dr. , in the Popular Science Monthly for November.