SOUL TRAVEL, NO. 4 GILES B. AVERY Although, for untold ages, the human family has been like the restless ocean, lashed by the winds of passion into waves and tempests of sorrow and despair, striving to live without soul-food, without God, then, anon, feeling bereft of the great boon of human existence, soul-happiness and her interest in the soul's treasure of heavenly things, thus alternately flowing and ebbing, and the ocean of Divine Wisdom, aparently like the cup of tantalus, ever just beneath her lips, but, apparently, seldom permitted to drink therefrom, still, it is not an eternal necessity that she should continue to repeat past experiences of reciprocating progress and backslidings. There is a millennial baptism for the race into the light and love of Heaven. A possible and needful wave of sincere repentance, turning her into 'wisdom's ways of pleasantness ' to go no more out forever. But, in reviewing the present religious world (so called), it manifests what is termed 'religion in the capacity of a business consideration,' offering prospective confidence and trust as a temporal advantage, in a mercenary sense, rather than as presenting a means of happiness for the soul, as the fruit of a life thereby saved from evil, and purified by the fruits of its profession and true possession. If a person has a name on the church-record, and contributes to keep the meeting-house in repair, pays for a pew, and helps to pay the preacher, the chances for honorable position in society are multiplied; these are the advantages looked for by the world, in embracing religious faith (so called). Creeds of faith numbered by hundreds are presented to the multitudes for acceptance, embracing some truths and many ideas accommodating to the individual, social or national vanity, folly or pride of the same. But, in proportion as the various and multitudinous creeds present different paths of life, each professing to be the only one leading to Heaven, the juvenile mind is often embarrassed to decide which is right, and, eventually, ofttimes, for a season, doubt them all. Besides this^unhappy effect, the creedal bias — a pride of opinion united to worldly ambition and personal vanity — produces contentions and conflicts between the professed religionists of different sects; this destroys Christian love, peace and confidence in religions, professions generally ; hence, the growing generation incline, very largely, to be unreligious. It must be admitted that conflicting interests, and collisions of multitudinous creeds and forms of religion (so called), contribute to destroy individual faith in such religion, and introduce and diffuse the deadly bane of atheism'—a soulless, godless state of society. These creedal walls that bar the union, peace and fellowship of one religious devotee and worshiper from another of a different creed are just as fast vanishing as the light of Divine truth and the power of Christian love moves upon the human soul, and overcomes its prejudices, and links it into the one united chain of wisdom's revelations. And so fast is this work in operation, that, at present, ministers of magnanimous spirits and advanced minds frequently worship at one and the same shrine though trained in the theology of diverse creeds, or often exchange pulpits with each other. Easy and quick transit by railroads, and instantaneous communication by telegraph and telephone, is beginning in a marvelous degree to conscociate the nations, harmonize their ideas of science, art, political and social economy; and, as is now beginning to be manifest, must, eventually, uproot also polytheism and polycreedism, and introduce the millennium of religious truth and its fruits of united graces. Possessed of powers and faculties which, if kept tuned in harmony with the Divine mind, would make him almost a demi-god, man's normal state is to be a co-worker with God, as His servant, in producing such conditions for humanity and for all inferior creation. Did man live in harmony with all the laws of God for his well-being, both of body and soul, as in the ideal Edenic state, the ear of his spirit would ever be unstopped to hear the instructions of his Creator, enabling him to proceed in all the THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 269 duties of life, so as to secure the blessings of Divine Providence without a failure. From the organization of the soul of man it is demonstrably certain, that, in his normal condition, he is so amnitively united to his Creator as to be, at all times, conscious of His Divine will, and as a dutiful child ever ready to yield explicit obedience to His behests, thus to dwell in the sunshine of His paternal affection and love continually, and drink at the well-springs of His superior wisdom and power. In this relation all possible benefits relative to the health, protection, development and perfection of the physical, mental and spiritual being of man, would be his legitimate and constant inheritance. That man as now known in human society is, comparatively, but a very limited recipient of these Divine favors, is proof, as true as the source of light, that, at present, he is in an abnormal relation to his Creator, to the inhabitants of the higher spheres and to his fellow-man; indeed the chasm is so deep and wide between man and his God, that with untold millions the query arises, is there a God? And, if so, have we any means of access to Him ? Is He the hearer of our prayers? Does He hold us in the arms of His protection, or is man the product of unfathomable nature — the accident or incident of chance — the measure of mere imaginative quantity and quality ? Consequently the question is pressing, how shall man regain his normal relations to his Creator, so that His ear may be attentive to man's plaintive cries for aid, and his soul feel itself the recipient of God's benefactions ? As preliminary to a reply it would seem proper to inquire how man has lost his true relation to his God ? This perceived, it would appear a plain fact that the way to regain it would be to retrace his steps. Man has lost this relation by seeking, in all the avenues of life, to please himself, though at the expense of the pleasure of his God; wherefore, his road to the land of his true inheritance is to crucify his selfish, independent nature and strive to know and do the pleasure of his God. This is crossing man's adopted evil nature even unto death. The experience of the human race illustrates the fact, that, to be able to attain unto the Divine wisdom and grasp the treasures of the heavenly home, a considerable degree of rational asceticism must be practiced in order to disengage the soul from the earth bond shackles of time and sense; for, inasmuch as it is unharnessed from these, it is free to soar to heavenly realms in the paradisian fields of wisdom, glory and godliness; but, while bound by those shackles, it never can rise to heavenly mansions. The soul, freed from the enthrallments of animal, earthly sensualism, is at liberty to walk and talk with God, and often privileged to see, with the prophetic telescope, future prospects and liabilities ; at liberty to roam with angels 'mid groves of the trees^of life, bearing the fruits of the spirit of such luscious flavor as to spoil all relish, in those who partake thereof, for mortal fruits that only minister to the earthly senses of the worldly man and perish in the using. All of God's noble vicegerents who have been the great and immortally-honored benefactors of the human race have been, invariably, self-denying, self-sacrificing souls, who, in their philanthropy, rejoiced in giving their lives to God. The human family have had many seasons of spiritual plentitude, these have been the harvests' home-fruits of the labors of the faithful prayerful benefactors of our race, both those in tenements of clay and those inhabiting the supernal worlds above earth. Many seasons of spiritual famine and moral desolation; long planes of desert, and dreary and fruitless soul-fields have also been trodden by the human race; seasons when angel visits were few and far between, and God's blessing, showers of spirit-life, seemed only as a distant horoscopic picture of what once was man's heavenly inheritance. But never, even in these most desolate fields of soultravel, has any soul broken away from these moorings of soul-bondage ; the tethers of the human race to the world of sin and sorrow, and in self-abnegating devotion, in agonizing prayer and unabating spirit-toil, sought God, His wisdom to know, and His will to do, but, to such laboring soul, the angels have been sent to minister the bless- 270 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. ings of the heavenly world, and have upheld their hands to pluck gorgeous heavenly flowers and luscious fruits of the spirit from the evergreen tree of life. Let thirsty, hungering, starving Zion so live and so labor, and they will have the key to unlock the heavens, and draw from her sacred fountains blessings to the satisfaction of every heaven-born soul.