PROGRESSIVE REDEMPTION E. Myrick Beloved Elder, Frederick Evans : I can never express my appreciation of one of your excellent articles in a recent SHAKER Manifesto. It is the voice of the living present ; the testimony of truth ; the breath of life, the respiration of which would develop a ' living soul.' Finality is a good anchor if we would remain stationary forever, standing in the footprints of our ancestors. Should not 'progressive redemption' from a false theology be complemented with a ' life-long desire and effort,' for ' progressive redemption ' from worldly fashions ? It seems to me that simplicity, utility, comfort, [convenience, health and economy should be the ' desire and effort,' in all changes and improvements in fashion. To seek the popular fabric, cut and color — the fashions of the world which pass away — change from the ridiculous to the idiotic, is not a very comforting ' redemption '— it is not present salvation. It is the spirit of the world out on exhibition. When the sisters wore high-heeled shoes, they were ridiculed. When they discovered that nature did not require them to stand on their toes, they ceased to wear them — a sensible act. Now, idiocy and fashion seek this as a means of elevation. We may honor our profession -— separation from the world — and give an external proof of our ' desire and effort,' for the best in fashion, and hold to it because it is best, until there is a reasonable show of improvement, and not merely an excuse to ape worldly fashions. There is a sort of awkward embarrassment, when you chance to meet a brother with such an index that you are in doubt, and approach him with the question : '' Are you acquainted with the Shakers? ' It was my pleasure not long since to be in a city with four sisters, and it was a source of laudable pride to be in company with the best dressed females in the city. And I have all reason for believing the fashionables envied them their comfort! Let our seeming and being, be one — be Shakers, square and plain.' Our motto: 'Progressive redemption,' from the spirit of the world. As ever your brother,Ayer, Mass.