WHO ARE THE HERETICS The strangest and most condemnable feature observable in the arena of the so-called Christian religious world to-day is the hue and cry of ' Heretic ' of one or more, against one or more, who may choose to differ from established, churchal, world-bound creeds, to favor a belief in a manner of teaching and of life, more in accord with what Christ taught, with what Christ lived ! But little reflection is called into operation that any may decide, that the creed of any church nearest resembling the immediate, practical teachings and life of Christ, is indeed the most truly Christian creed and Church. Therefore, when any individuals, sick of the scortative, worldly life of the flesh, and of creeds which sustain the elements of a life, unchanged from the old, Adamic career, hearken to the higher inspirations, and put on more of the Christly self-denying elements, and yield to these in practice, the cry of ' Hereticts' is sounded world-wide from those who have embraced the profession of Christianity, but who hate in their very hearts the self-denying practice of Christ's simple life. Never, since the light of true Christianity blazed on the world, as resplendently as it is found to do, through the exemplary life of Jesus, have men been left with better evidences of the senses of what Christ taught and lived, than can be, and is almost universally known, by those who think to-day. The comeouters are not the heretics ; the standbys of the old, false creeds, who make faith and a profession answer the ends of conscience, instead of headlights to a genuine following of Christ's life, are the genuine heretics ; who are without the pale of a present salvation from sin, and with only the semblance fPitreial. 274 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. of hope in the future, which such profession and faith, without the practice of Christ's life, can give them. Poor hope — hopeless. The so-called infidels have an unerring aim in destroying the erection of creeds which are not built upon deeds,—lives that are not like Christ's. ' As long as heaven is the reward of creed instead of deed,' says Ingersoll, ' just so long will every orthodox church be a bastile, every member a prisoner, and every priest a turnkey! ' And Ingersoll is correct. Let professedly Christian people live what they profess — the Christian life — a life modeled after, that of Jesus — and so-called infidels will not only be left without their abundant ammunition of accusation, but the world will glisten with myriads of constellations of present salvations never experienced before, through all who will Jive like unto such profession. Christians are those who, regardless of the excessive self-denials practiced by Jesus, do accept such as the straight and narrow way, and walk therein by adaily and continuous practice. None others are Christians, no matter what or how much they pray or profess. |fj' The foolishness of preaching' never was more apparent than is almosfuniversally seen among professedly Christian denominations, holding on to creeds of Atonement, Baptism, Communions, and the many foolish fashions of the typical, while their lives are so far from being like that of Christ Jesus as to be almost unworthy to be brought in contrast, because they are living the reverse of Christ's life. Look once at the purity of Christ's virginity, all through his life! If it is heresy to disbelieve that Christ's virginity can make of ns virgins if we live not so, then blessed be heresy! If heresy embraces all who deny, that Christ's life of equality with his brethren, and denial to individual possessions, establishes the same Christianity in us, then glorious is such heresy ! If any cannot believe that the peacefulness, unretaliation, and unworldliness of Christ immolates us into similar Christian conditions, without our similar, personal self-denials, blessed be such heretics! The heavens bid for more heretics, who will shun the profession, rather than fail of the possession of the elements that made np Christ's life. These elements are essentially, wholly and truly, Christianity. Any one-sided issue from that of following in the footsteps of the living Christ, who lived the Christian life, who said: ' I am the way ; Follow me ;' such side issue is rank heresy, and it advocates glaring evidences of heresy, inasmuch as they are not saved from the commission of sins to day—are indeed 'miserable sinners' and have none other but an imaginary hope of any salvation from sin, nor possession of heaven hereafter. ¦A