SNAKE STORIES A farmer in Devonshire once told me that he caught a viper, partially disabling it from a blow from a stout stick, and with the assistance of his men bound it, still living, in the fork of a tree. (He was a kind-hearted and fairly intelligent man, who would not have tolerated any ill-treatment of a horse or dog — far less have been guilty of such a thing himself — but he saw no cruelty in thus punishing the poor reptile.) There they left it, striking with its fangs on all sides in its rage and agony. When they returned next day the viper had escaped, but the limb of the tree was dry and dead as though blasted with lightning ! I was young and hopeful at the time I heard this tale and unwise enough to do all in my power to dissuade the narrator from the belief he held, or, at any rate, to try to convince him that he wrongly connected cause and effect in the case, but, as he said, he ' see'd it himself,' and he went down to the grave in that faith. That he honestly believed it there could be no doubt, for he had not enough poetry in him to invent such a romance. It reminds one of the Yankee who told how he had killed a snake with a hoe, and the handle of which the ' varmint' turned and bit several times before receiving its coup de grace. ' You mayn't believe it, Squire,' said he ; ' but, jest as trew as you stand theer, in less than three minutes that hoe handle was swelled up bigger than my leg ! ' Have you ever heard of the hoop snake? They abound, according to several accounts I have been favored with, in India and Australia, and derive their name from the peculiarity of their mode of progression, taking their tails in their mouths they bowl along like a hoop! Fact, so an old Indian officer informed me, who had often seen the native soldiers chasing them with short bamboo sticks (he was fearfully circumstantial) around the pounds or along the roads. What an acquisition a couple of these would be to our Zoological Gardens, in an iuclosure of their own, with a Sepoy or two to run round after them with bamboos at stated hours ! The following nice little anecdote was gleaned from an English colonial newspaper, where it was published as an actual occurrence in the immediate neighborhood during the week, with much local and collateral detail. A boa-constrictor woke up hungry from a three months' nap and caught a rabbit, which he bolted whole in the usual way. This did not satisfy the cravings of his capacious stomach, so he went afield in search of further victuals, and presently came to a fence, which he essayed to get through. But the lump caused by the defunct though undigested bunny stopped him when his head and a few feet only of his body had passed between the rails ; and lying in this attitude, he caught and swallowed another rabbit which had incautiously ventured within his narrow sphere of action. Now, what was the state of affairs ? He could neither go ahead nor astern through the fence, being jammed by his fore and aft inside passengers, and in this embarrassing position he was slain with ease. — London Field.