THE CELIBATE SHAKER LIFE E. MYRICK Man is a series of ascending developments through the law of evolution. The union of the sexes is fundamental, designed to be eternal ; 'what God hath joined together.' ' They twain shall be one flesh,' in the generative order. The 'rib' beautifully symbolizes the semi-circurnference of one whole. 'Their name was called Adam.' ' In Adam all die ;' the physical, generative relations cease. The body of Jesus, and all divine men and women die. In Christ (the spiritual relations) shall all be made alive, they are eternal. The ''' new commandment to love one another,' is an elimination from the exclusive family tie, broadening, and transferring all the senses, loves, affections and sympathies, to higher and diviner uses. Forsaking, applies to the primary uses, the inferior affections, which constitute father, mother, wife, children, etc., not to the innate principle planted in the human soul by the finger of God, to be raised and sublimated. Did Jesus discover less depth of love and affection when He recognized those who did the divine will, lived the virgin life as His relation above all others ? Had Mother Ann less ' affection and benevolence when she said, ' if I possessed the whole world I would turn it all into joyf ulness ?' Such are our examples, fulfilling the ' new commandment to love one another ;' all who live the divine angelic life without THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. 267 distinction of family tie. Such have been taken from the rudimental—the wild olive, and grafted into the j tame olive.jthe more progressed, elevated and refined. They inherit the legacy of love, broader than the world can give, and purer than it can appropriate. Man has acted upon the false idea that the earth, the elements, and man in particular were perfected—had reached the summit of all progress, when they are only at the base, or at best, on a terrace of their own ideal forming. The prophets who in every age have praised the clouds that shrouded the mountain, and were ' lifted up ' in obedience to their heavenly visions, and would fain have drawed other men thither, have been beaten back, persecuted and oft crucified. And it is still heroic to fight a single new truth rather than a score of old sins. ' The salt of the earth' are such as put a check on over-population. Who can tell the whole truth without cutting their own fingers ; who do not destroy, but save men's lives ; who ' have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but reprove them? ' The sticklers for the first great command, by their practice, render ' multiply and replenish,' as if it read destroy, and lay waste instead of to fill up, the true definitionIt is equally consistent to use all the vegetable kingdom for the purpose of reproduction, because of its inherent law of germination, as to assume the same prerogative for the human species, without check or balance. And how reads the remainder of the command ? ' And subdue it (the earth) and have dominion over every living thing that moveth upon the earth.' But alas ! what a fatal failure over the animal in man! Let those who are under the law keep the law ; and those who become an end of the law, by living above all its requirements, live the divine virgin life. And then the song of Moses, and the Lamb, will blend in sweet harmony. The fourth beast, the symbol of the spiritual epoch, was a flying eagle, in the act of soaring above the earth. Blessed are the prophets, who can discern the signs of the times. Ayer, Mass.