Editorial VALEDICTORY With this issue of The Manifesto —the closing of Vol. XL—the present management of Editor and Publisher ceases. It gives us extreme pleasure to announce that The Manifesto WILL CONTINUE TO LIVE AND FLOURISH captained by earnest hearts and perhaps abler influences. We feel warranted in saying, that in regard to our Shaker testimony, The Manifesto will, in the future, even more so than in the past, give forth no uncertain sound. The record of its past is so well known to our readers, that modesty forbids that we do other than to leave judgment upon it with them. We leave it with considerable satisfaction, acknowledging that we have enjoyed much satisfaction in our past labors upon it. It has not been a sinecure, but invariably the reverse of such. We cannot envy bur successors, but make them welcome to every aid and comfort that any can bestow. We appeal to the generous for their continued subscriptions; and hope that, by the aid of tangible funds and gospel encouragement, the hearts of the future management will be made many times glad. We thank the contemporary press for many kind words and valuable exchange list. We call the especial attention of all to. the future address of our monthly.— The Shaker Manifesto, Shaker Village, Merrimack Co., N. H. WHO ARE THE HERETICS The strangest and most condemnable feature observable in the arena of the so-called Christian religious world to-day is the hue and cry of ' Heretic ' of one or more, against one or more, who may choose to differ from established, churchal, world-bound creeds, to favor a belief in a manner of teaching and of life, more in accord with what Christ taught, with what Christ lived ! But little reflection is called into operation that any may decide, that the creed of any church nearest resembling the immediate, practical teachings and life of Christ, is indeed the most truly Christian creed and Church. Therefore, when any individuals, sick of the scortative, worldly life of the flesh, and of creeds which sustain the elements of a life, unchanged from the old, Adamic career, hearken to the higher inspirations, and put on more of the Christly self-denying elements, and yield to these in practice, the cry of ' Hereticts' is sounded world-wide from those who have embraced the profession of Christianity, but who hate in their very hearts the self-denying practice of Christ's simple life. Never, since the light of true Christianity blazed on the world, as resplendently as it is found to do, through the exemplary life of Jesus, have men been left with better evidences of the senses of what Christ taught and lived, than can be, and is almost universally known, by those who think to-day. The comeouters are not the heretics ; the standbys of the old, false creeds, who make faith and a profession answer the ends of conscience, instead of headlights to a genuine following of Christ's life, are the genuine heretics ; who are without the pale of a present salvation from sin, and with only the semblance fPitreial. 274 THE SHAKEE MANIFESTO. of hope in the future, which such profession and faith, without the practice of Christ's life, can give them. Poor hope — hopeless. The so-called infidels have an unerring aim in destroying the erection of creeds which are not built upon deeds,—lives that are not like Christ's. ' As long as heaven is the reward of creed instead of deed,' says Ingersoll, ' just so long will every orthodox church be a bastile, every member a prisoner, and every priest a turnkey! ' And Ingersoll is correct. Let professedly Christian people live what they profess — the Christian life — a life modeled after, that of Jesus — and so-called infidels will not only be left without their abundant ammunition of accusation, but the world will glisten with myriads of constellations of present salvations never experienced before, through all who will Jive like unto such profession. Christians are those who, regardless of the excessive self-denials practiced by Jesus, do accept such as the straight and narrow way, and walk therein by adaily and continuous practice. None others are Christians, no matter what or how much they pray or profess. |fj' The foolishness of preaching' never was more apparent than is almosfuniversally seen among professedly Christian denominations, holding on to creeds of Atonement, Baptism, Communions, and the many foolish fashions of the typical, while their lives are so far from being like that of Christ Jesus as to be almost unworthy to be brought in contrast, because they are living the reverse of Christ's life. Look once at the purity of Christ's virginity, all through his life! If it is heresy to disbelieve that Christ's virginity can make of ns virgins if we live not so, then blessed be heresy! If heresy embraces all who deny, that Christ's life of equality with his brethren, and denial to individual possessions, establishes the same Christianity in us, then glorious is such heresy ! If any cannot believe that the peacefulness, unretaliation, and unworldliness of Christ immolates us into similar Christian conditions, without our similar, personal self-denials, blessed be such heretics! The heavens bid for more heretics, who will shun the profession, rather than fail of the possession of the elements that made np Christ's life. These elements are essentially, wholly and truly, Christianity. Any one-sided issue from that of following in the footsteps of the living Christ, who lived the Christian life, who said: ' I am the way ; Follow me ;' such side issue is rank heresy, and it advocates glaring evidences of heresy, inasmuch as they are not saved from the commission of sins to day—are indeed 'miserable sinners' and have none other but an imaginary hope of any salvation from sin, nor possession of heaven hereafter. ¦A WELCOME PROGRESS It is more than one hundred years since the founders of the Shaker Church, arriving in America, preached the good news of a present salvation from sin, and consequently from the punishments of sin through a life of self-denial, similar to 'that lived by Jesus, and which saved Jesus. Pur- THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 275 ity, Peace, Equality and Unworldly ambitions ranked first, a most worthy of attainment. For the possession of these any, and every necessary self-denial was endured. Closely allied to these, but secondary in importance were theological beliefs, which,however unorthodox and heretical at the time, have since become the popular beliefs of the millions. Ann Lee taught that 'Hell' was the torments of conscience; not a literal 'fire and brimstone ;' and though she taught more than a century since, this idea is now generally accepted as most true. Ann Lee rejected with abhorrence the theory of a physical resurrection, which only a few years since was the popular belief; therefore, the Shakers were ready for the advent of spiritualism, and able to interpret its manifold phenomena. The Second Advent having already occurred among the Shakers, they welcomed the progress of the idea, when it sprung upon a startled world. The equality of the sexes before the law and before God has been peculiarly and originally Shaker ever since their rise, and every new ray is hailed with especial delight. To the Shakers, God is Male and Female — Father and Mother. The earliest testimony of the Shakers was accompanied by a protest against slavery, white or black. The Shakers, having been communists since their origin, welcome the dawn of the grand anti-monopoly theory and practice. By their invariable testimony against national wars and family contentions, they were and are ready for the past and future settlements of difficulties by arbitration. There have been no forward movement yet made by Church nor State but were anticipated and longed for by the little, obscure people, called Shakes. We would welcome more progress, particularly in the churches; we would welcome the relinquishment of the unstable hope, dreamed of in the atonement doctrine, and the substitution of the real life of Christ, which will save, and make us at-onement with Christ. We look for this consummation with positive certainty, and welcome its dawning from any circumstance and from every quarter. The Shakers have very much to gain before they assert their proficiency as a Christian people; but they have thus far been in the van of all the dghteous demonstrations that have reformed Church and State for the better; and yet stand ready to welcome more, and an eternal increase of morality, justice and true religion. These forward movements have been made at the expense of proneness to selfish considerations; and extreme self-denial in the foundation of the Shaker life and Church. ¦ ELDRESS POLLY J. REED Ere these lines are read by our readers, the above noble woman will have passed on to her spiritual home. In all our land ' none knew her but to love her, none named her but to praise.' From earliest childhood she has been a bright star in the Shaker firmament, ripening to a most glorious planet amid gospel constellations. Hers has been a life of most willing consecration and obedience to what she believed to be right, and it can be truthfully said, that she was completely 276 THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. worn out in the service of her God. She was a woman of most excelleni and ingenious faculties; a finished scholar; a beautiful speaker, and a most loveable associate. • She was a great worker with her hands, and her heart bore evidences of continuous services in the arena of spiritual labors and official capacity. She dies at the age of 66 years, crowned with the highest honors, won by bearing the greatest burdens of society. Her successor at this writing is not yet selected. Eldress Polly, Farewell; and may your illustrious example shine down the future lapses of ages, to illuminate and cheer us all. [Deceased Nov. 25, 1881.J SELF-CONCEIT EDITORIAL NOTES This ugly feature is found very prevalent among those who are ardently inclined to religion. There is really as much, if not more, need of a crucifixion of self-conceit among professors of religion than anywhere else. When individuals get to be so good as to consider themselves especially cared for by Providence, and do not show the effects of this special notice by self-abasement that longs for and works for the good of others, all forgetful of themselves — even of their goodness and their physical comforts — we are reminded of the truth of the wise man : ' Seest thou a man wise in his own conceit, there is more hope of a fool than of him.' 'Let another praise thee, and not thy own mouth ; a stranger and not thine own lips.' It is commonly observed, that as persons become really better, they become less boastful and boasterous of themselves; and a calm, sweet temper controls them, which prompts them, unlike their former selves, to seek how they may do good unto others, their foes perhaps, and are hence no longer wrapped up in considerations peculiarly selfish, and ostentatiously so. If any are really better than others, they will show it by their increased Christian demeanor; and unless it is so manifested, none will accept it as a fact from their own mouths. EMULATION It is not because we would restrain any from emulating and exceeding the characteristics of Jesus, that we call so much attention to his life as a pattern, and condemn the theory of his death as an atonement. But we find such an almost universal passing by, or passing over Jesus' example, to get into heaven byan easier road than through the same acts of self-denial endured by him, that we feel called upon to continue the clarion cry of Follow Christ.' Not simply believe in some creed which Jesus never uttered nor thought of, but to do something — live the same spiritual, self-denying life; the same unworldly, unfleshly, simply Christian life, from which so many world-loving individuals flee. TWO SERMONS Recently, Sir Garnet Wolseley, of the British army, has made himself more renowned than ever, by giving his testimony in favor of total abstinence by soldiers from in;oxicating beverages, either in camp or on the battle-field. Thus endeth THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 277 sermon first, as testimony- against intemperance. Our illustrious contemporary — the New York Commercial Advertiser— commenting on the above, thinks, that so far as camp-life goes, the absence of intoxicants is best; but on the battle-field, a man needs all the whisky he can drink to put sufficient devil into Mm to make him willing to massacre his unprovoked fellow-beings. Thus endeth sermon two.