ALL HAIL THE MANIFESTO G. A. Lomas Elsewhere, our readers will be made aware that our loved monthly—The Manifesto—is not to suspend, but will continue its manifestations with renewed vigor., and be hailed by very many glad hearts by an increased devotion. It is a fact worthy to be mentioned, never to be forgotten, that our Manifesto is a favorite with hundreds and thousands not of the immediate societies, called Shakers. This fact will bear much reflection. It is one of the impossibilities for any to make a distasteful testimony agreeable. There is nothing in the Shaker testimony, as put forth in The Manifesto, but is a disturbing element to a carnal worldly mind and life. That so many should have a respect and even love and admiration, genuine and unfeigned, for those who live the Shaker life, and for its most out-spoken, monthly advocate, will ever be an occasion of fruitful thought, and very pleasant congratulation. The Manifesto is the only offspring from our heart, towards which we can look with unfeigned pleasure and an admissible pride. That it has done much valuable work of keeping the faith as fully represented to thousands, in our own land; and in foreign countries where English is spoken, it has introduced the faith, where perhaps it would have been heard of and learned many years in the future. The Manifesto has the THE SHAKEK MANIFESTO. 281 respect of all its contemporary periodicals ; not only for its generally beautiful typographical make-up, but for its good theology and directions to a good, religious, superior life. We fear not the future course of our child. That it will keep up the manifestations of growth as its years increase, in all the testimony necessary to enable souls to become full fledged Christians, and thus to elevate them in a resurrection of soul-life not exceeded outside of the heavens, we have no doubts whatever. We again ask for our successors the kindest sympathy—sympathy that has hands to help, legs to travel, prompt MONEY TO MAKE THE GOSPEL fly abroad—and in every way let theirs be made an easier task than has been ours. Thanking all, from a heart full of gratitude, we are yours truly, .