Squaw's lament: original THE SQUAW'S LAMENT: ORIGINAL. Wanetta. Where the green fringes fall on the banks of the soft lake, Lay all still the red man's canoe, And the fire burned high on the face of the hunting ground, And sent o'er the waters its glow. It was praise to the Great Spirit Maninee Waninee, Who gave him the word and the flame, Who gave him the bright leaves to shelter his wigwam, And hide him when the dark curtain came. He was brave of the bravest, and chief of the chiefest, The Great Spirit often him bless, He wrong not his people with any cold war, .Nor even the squaw did oppress. High over his wigwam, Kanchee the wild bird, Sing songs that makes his heart glad, And unto his hunting ground comes oft the gone ones, Who make him, 0 make him not sad! When o'er the still lake sailed forth the red man, He speak not a word down the tide, Then the Wanitee help him, the Wanitee keep him, And from the dark tempest him guide. But the red man have eyes that can look far away, And he see coming down to the shore, What make him with sad heart turn the fringed bank, There the peace of his fathers implore. THE SHAKER MANIFESTO. 271 For t'was coming so strong o'er the face of the still lake What Indian knew a bad sign, A wild whirl, a strong whirl that roll to the hunting ground, And mutter so dark, this is mine. Then he know there shall come from afar a great many, Who take what the Great Spirit gave And Kanchee sings not in the top of the wild tree And hushed is the voice of the brave. He give up the beads that the wild forest brought him And take down the rings from his ears, But they not so much as the Peace of his people That his fathers kept many long years. Oh! over the hunting ground Esquaw is angry, The tomahawk glistens anew, And the squaw hides her little one under her mantle, And pray to the Great One, help through. 0 wicked war! cruel war! go away, far away, From the fringed bank and the glad shore, O wicked war! cruel war! go away, far away, Darken not the land any more. O good people! help the Great Spirit of kindness, To soften the hearts of all men : Till he sing song of peace and the Kanchee shall hear it, And sing it forth over again. Then all will clasp hands, the red ones and white ones, Be children of the Great Spirit, Love, And unto each home will much peace and plenty Come down from the bright world above. Definitions : Maninee, Waninee, Spirit of the wild woods. Kanchee, Wild bird of the forest. Esquaw, Guardian of the prosperity of the red man. Wanitee, Guardian of the Lodge. Evil-speaking and evil-thinking about others are kindred evils. They usually go together. And they who practice them stand condemned before the first great principle of Christian character. The heart that thinketh and speaketh evil is devoid of love, for love ' thinketh no evil, and rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth.' Religious Telescope.