Farm and Garden MILKING MACHINES In answer to an inquiry, the American Cultivator replies that many attempts have been made to construct machines by which the milk could be drawn from the cow's bag with the same facility and completeness as it could be drawn by hand; but so far as our knoAvl- edge and observation extend, without any practical success. It is supposed by many that the milk is retained in the cow's bag through atmospheric pressure alone ; which, however, is not true, since the cow is able to control this flow to a great extent. If the cow dislikes the person employed milking, or his manner of drawing the milk, she will not only refuse to let down the fluid, but by per- sisting in the effort, will soon dry up the supply. The udder of the cow is composed not only of a bundle of milk veins, but also of nerves. The aperture in the teat of the cow varies in size with each animal milked. In the case of some cows this aperture is large and the milk can be drawn away very rapidly, while in other cows the aperture was small, and any attempt to draw the milk from this latter class of cows as rapidly as from the former will be attended with much pain on the part of the abused animal, and a determination on her part to hold back the milk. This defect in the size of the aperture of the cow's teat is one which no machine can detect, but one which the human hand readily observes. Immediately upon its discovery the humane milker relaxes his efforts in forcing away the milk. It is the smallness of this aperture which stamps the cow as a hard milker. The observant dairyman soon learns that when he draws too hard the milk passes back to the bag. In such a case his efforts must be so relaxed that the milk will come away easily though slowly. Again, when there is inflamation in the cow's udder, the careful milker readily detects it, and as quickly sets about with measures to reduce the inflamation and relieve the cow. By the use of no machine could such a difficulty be detected and serious consequences might be the result of machine milking. A great many bags would be per 22 SHAKER MANIFESTO. manently ruined and many cows die of milk fever, which would be saved to the owner where milking by hand prevails. It is observed that men have not become better artisans since the introduction of machinery. Managers and overseers may now under- stand better the nature of the article manufactured, the raw material used and the nature of the machine employed than was the case formerly, but the rank and file—the class of men who to-day operate the machines, and who, before machines were invented, did the work by hand—these men understood the nature of the material upon which they worked better in former times than they do now. And so, in this connection, he who has to milk a cow, and do it well and properly, should know at least the character and construction of the cow's bag. HANDLE DAIRY STOCK KINDLY Mr. Parcell, in the report of the New Jersey Agricultural Society, says : It is important that dairy stock, from the young calf to the old cow, that is being fed for beef, should be handled and treated kindly. If a calf is handled roughly and becomes wild and vicious thereby, when it becomes a cow you may expect the same, but if handled carefully and treated with kindness, when grown up she will be mild and gentle. It may not always be so, but in general it is. There have always been many cows spoiled by the person having the care of and milking them, by whipping or frightening them whenever they come in his way, or if when milking, a cow hoists her foot or kicks (which is generally caused by pain,) such a fellow stops milking and commences whipping, or worse, kicking the cow, and she becoming enraged, holds up her milk, kicks back, and is finally ruined. Never whip a cow for kicking, if she does kick the milk-pail out of your hand and sometimes upset and knock you over ; but be kind and gentle with her, and milk her out with as little excitement as possible, and if she gets over her kicking propensity, it will be by mild not harsh treatment Never whip a cow because she kicks, for it will do no good, but will do a great deal of harm.—Exchange.