Select EVERY ONE PLEASED Some time since, Parson M—of Mass, (then a British colony,) being at Boston, bought him a wig, and returning home, wore it at church the next sabbath. As a wig of such a size and shape was quite a novelty in that obscure place, it gave offence to almost the whole congregation, who, both men and women, repaired the next day to their minister's house, and stated their complaint, the burden of which was, that the wig was one of the Boston notions, and had the look of fashion and pride. The good natured minister, thereupon, brought it forth, and bade them fashion it to their own liking. This task they set about in good earnest, and with the help of scissors, chopped off lock after lock, till at last they all declared themselves satisfied—save one,—who alleged that wearing a wig at all, was in his opinion, a breach of the commandment, which saith, 'Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth be- neath.' This last objector was soon silenced by convincing him that the wig in its present condition, did not resemble anything either above or below. Even so fares it with the characters that make it their aim to please everybody. Slashed on this side and on that, and twisted into every shape, and out of all shape, they finally come to the condition of his reverence's wig.—Brief Remarker. ANGELS' VISITS Robert Collyer says that Angels' visits are neither few nor far between, and tells how the death of his mother, who was far away, was told to him abont the time of its occurrence. 'Men laugh,' he says, 'and say that we live in a prosy, railroad world, in which the telegraph outflies the old-fashioned angel. But it is not true that angels don't care for us—it's we who do not look for them after they have come to visit us. All the angel that we care to look for is a Michael Angelo angel. But all common human agencies are touched with angelic power, while we are like children, who breathe on the window pane and shut the beautiful landscape out behind a dull cloud. The angels are all about us, though, and they ascend and descend upon humanity. Bad as any man may be, he has angels to minister to him. And when a bad man sinks down and down, and will not listen to the sweeter voices of ascending angels, then come the terrible shapes of descending angels, that do save him in the end.' Golden Era.