THE SIMPLE GOSPEL OF CHRIST G. A. LOMAS The most singular feature of so-called Christian theology-the one which strikes with greatest surprise the so-called heathen-is the multiform presentation of it from multiplyingpersuasions or churches. Nor this only ; but the most consummate ingenuity is demanded of him who preaches, that the gospel of Christ may be made significant, according to this or that peculiar persuasion. The question here presents itself forcibly : Why any more differe::ces of opinion concerning what Christianity really is, than there ia regarding Buddhism, Mosaim, or Mohammedanism? But concerning these last mentioned, there are no differences worth mentioning among the professors of those peculiar doctrines. Judaism is identical the world ov?r—it has but one churchal exponent ; and so with the followers of and believers in Buddha and Mohamet. Why is this thus ? Why should Christianity be the prey of so many and much contentions? Why, when there is only 'one Lord, one faith and one baptism,' should there be almost numberless division:of opinions as to what genuine Christianity really is? Why, in the face of the reasonable facts, that Christianity is so simple as to be un- derstood by a child; and 'the wayfaring man, though a fool (to any worldly logic or theological ingenuity,) needs not err therein,' should there be such demands for Colleges, Universities, etc., for the training of the young, by the most skilled theologians and ingenious scholars, simply that they may know and teach what some ignorant, unpretentious fishermen learned from the lips and observed in the life-walks of the Master? These Universities and Colleges are not for the learning of the simple religion of Jesus. It may seem harsh ; it may be deemed severe to assert of them, that the peculiar teachings given and learned therein, are devices that obscure the really simple life, char- acter and religion of Jesus, and are intended for the upbuilding of peculiar theories, that really teach the full cross of Christ unnecessary, and a great deal of the woridly life not only admissable m the Church of Christ, but so harmonious as to become sacraments therein ! We are not antagonistic to the most iberal educations ; but we consider any education that obstructs the truthful )resentation of the most vital and important subject—soul religion—to be a )erversity and a villainous perversity oo, of God given talents for obtaining wisdom. We asseverate, that there is no need of any extraordinary education, nor ingenious renderings of the scriptures 3 SHAKER MANIFESTO. that any one may be the better Christian. The minister who has been trained for the pulpit, taught to expatiate upon this that and all texts in agreement with the Alma Mater—the persuasion of the College at which he was taught—is none the better Christian for his training in ingenuity. The gospel of Jesus Christ is the same today as ever in the past—demands the s*me and only the same credentials for discipleship—and an exceedingly holy life—a life like Christ's is demanded by Christ's gospel. And the rural farmer, the unlettered mechanic, the simple laymen and women, all, whether learned or unlearned, can know what Christianity really is, can learii it from the beautiful self-denying life of Christ, and decide for themselves how much they are Christians, how much they are willing to be Christians, by the nearness they approach the life example of the Christ. Wherefore, then any need of skillful training or ingenious legerdemain, that any may teach, preach or live the Christian life? Wherefore the need of the Babylon of Churches, each proclaiming this is the way, while each is just so far from genuine Christianity as the lives of its Communicants differ from the life of Jesus Christ ? Is there any doubt in the minds of any professors of Christianity, or of those who do not profess it, as to what kind of a life Jesus lived? There is a oneness of knowledge, oneness of feeling in this respect. Let us have one Christian Church that will absorb all the previous Babylonyish professions—a Church that will be the universally acknowledged Christian Church, embracing all sensible men and women, who are not led by the ingenious evasions of the priests ; but one that will be accepted, because it teaches that Christ's life was His religion aud His Christianity ; and as Christians that life must be ours. Appropos of the foregoing remarks we conclude with the sensible paragraphs upon the same subject, of the venerable Oliver Johnston, in a sermon on ' God's way of Saving Men.' 'This is not an age when men should be content to live in the basement story of their being, half under ground, but when they should ascend to the upper chambers, and even to the high towers of observation in pursuit of truth.' 'In conclusion, let me say that man may pile his creeds as high as heaven, charging them with deepest mysteries and accepting them all without question; he may adopt and practice any number of forms and ceremonies, but they will amount to nothing unless he heartily and sincerely confesses and forsakes his sins, and thus lays the foundations of a noble character on the eternal rock. How glibly men recite their beliefs, and practice their rituals, as if they had in them some saving grace, while at the same time their lives are selfish and groveling, and marred by sins which are a daily offense to God and man ! But neither their beliefs, not their baptisms, nor their sacraments, will avail them as substitutes for penitence and right living.' Watervliet, N. Y.