IN UNION THERE IS STRENGTH The points made in November S. M., under the title 'Bridegroom and Bride,' so well accord with my own understanding and experience, that it seems I ought not to with-hold an expression of warm approbation. With the genuine hearted Shaker, nothing can supersede the necessity of fulfilling the law of Christ, in all its bearings, which, as there remarked, lias not to do with any part of the works of generation. Although it takes cognizance of all the duties of the household, spiritual or temporal, not omitting any needful improvements, in dress, diet, or any other branch of daily life, these may prove to be, not improvements, but delusive snares, to any who seek, to introduce them in opposition to established authority, or even without full and free sanction. In regard to dietary reforms, I consider that the most desirable object to seek is a mind to partake of what is placed before us, piously and gratefully. In good time any needed reform, will, we may trust, in this, or any other department of life, be achieved by an easy, natural process. Mean-while there is no better way than to adhere to customs, which, however objectionable to some, to others are hallowed by age. A project may be canvassed, and differing views freely expressed, but the introduction of new ways and things, at variance with the leading counsel, is a certain occasion of anarchy, and of dearth in spiritual gifts. Great weakness is betrayed by those who, thinking that the body moves too slowly—is too tardy in adopting new customs which may be desirable—take their departure independently of the example and advice of those who are in the van. These do not help the cause of srogress ; for though they succeed in forcing their plans, in this irregular manner, they idmit more than enough weakness and disorder to overbalance the advantages to be ooked for from their innovations. It is not the too conservative, probably, vho retard progress, and postpone improvements, so much as the ultra radical. While he former may be clinging too much to old forms, the latter, paying little regard to these n their eagerness for variations step^aside SHAKER MANIFESTO. 11 from the safe, narrow track of obedience, and loss ensues, with poverty of spirit The former class, seeing these evil results, are thereby made more cautious, and tenacious of time honored institutions. Thus the day is deferred when the desired alterations may be adopted with full accord and harmony. It may be better to submit to conditions and customs, which, abstractly considered, do not commend themselves to our understanding as hygienic or physiological, than to forego the discipline of implicit obedience, and seek to crowd out prematurely, that which does not accord with one's private judgement. The immense advantage of being in full union with our gospel parents, might seem sufficient to induce one to accept many inconveniences of a minor and temporary character. Moreover, that condition of perfect harmony, and unity of feeling, which ought to be sustained, whatever our differences of opinion, is the condition most favorable to all that is truly progressive. This discipline of yielding a childlike submission to those whose function it is to direct appears to be of vital importance. It is so salutary in its effects upon the soul who renders it, and so efficient a part of that system of education which alone can ever qualify us for the kingdom which Christ says we may receive by becoming like little children, that I have often thought it more profitable, and more conducive to true manly dignity and independence, to render this fealty without reserve or limitation, even though the requirement itself were trivial, or seemingly unjust. Childlike submission in us is not a service given with all the blind trustfulness of childhood,—though it should be as free and complete—but as being aware of th^ final result of such self-sacrifice, and the result, on the other hand, of standing aloof, and choosing to maintain the rights of sham dignity, and individuality of the man as he is in Adam, untouched, unscathed by the inner warfare of Christ. Instead of abating from true manliness, the humility enjoined by the gospel plan adds to it; and everywhere, at all times, we find real grandeur of character allied with meekness and a simple deportment. But every meanness, every contemptible trait, goes hand in hand with an arrogant, aggressive egotism, ever jealous of its own rights, whether fancied or real, and ever forgetful of the fact that if we wish to be useful in society, the most efficient means is not a clamorous, boisterous self assertion, but an unassuming, quiet manner, resting ourselves upon our works, or upon the inherent truth of our position, as our sole recommend. These will most effectually engage the consideration of others, and their esteem. The rankest egotism is sometimes found under a false guise of meekness, and patient endurance of slights and indignities, which have no existence, save in the morbid imagination of the self afflicted person, who broods over them until he becomes persuaded that he is being made a martyr. This conduct is owing, perhaps, to a deep seated feeling, or sense, of the weight and importance of a quiet manner. But this is even more despicable than an extremely demonstrative one. I suppose there are as many grades of progress on the gospel journey as there are travelers. One will advance to a certain position, another to a stage farther on, and still another takes a degree beyond this. Not- withstanding it is said that we cannot be stationary, I think that by yielding to indifference, we are exposed to the danger of becoming fixed, and fossilized; and a fossil Shaker is not a very attractive character To me the gospel of Christ's second advent would be pretty much a dead letter without that active, practical mortification of the old man which brings all his being into subjection to some will besides his own, or to the supposed will of a God afar off. This discipline, which to our own selves is so unwelcome, is the source of great comfort to those who seek it. In common life how prone we are to shun every occasion for this sort of experience, which if properly valued would be earnestly sought. It stings a selfish pride to be brought under circumstances where we fancy we are making an unfavorable impression upon others. If it be in doing an act, or saying a word which actually raises us in the estimation of others, 12 SHAKER MANIFESTO. and involves the practice of humility, we ar apt to be ashamed of ourselves, while w would not in doing an unworthy thing, i done in a striking, pompous manner. I certainly would not be exempted fron this wholesome tuition, while all these inferi or motives lurk within. Enfield, N. H.