Select EVERY ONE PLEASED Some time since, Parson M—of Mass, (then a British colony,) being at Boston, bought him a wig, and returning home, wore it at church the next sabbath. As a wig of such a size and shape was quite a novelty in that obscure place, it gave offence to almost the whole congregation, who, both men and women, repaired the next day to their minister's house, and stated their complaint, the burden of which was, that the wig was one of the Boston notions, and had the look of fashion and pride. The good natured minister, thereupon, brought it forth, and bade them fashion it to their own liking. This task they set about in good earnest, and with the help of scissors, chopped off lock after lock, till at last they all declared themselves satisfied—save one,—who alleged that wearing a wig at all, was in his opinion, a breach of the commandment, which saith, 'Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth be- neath.' This last objector was soon silenced by convincing him that the wig in its present condition, did not resemble anything either above or below. Even so fares it with the characters that make it their aim to please everybody. Slashed on this side and on that, and twisted into every shape, and out of all shape, they finally come to the condition of his reverence's wig.—Brief Remarker. ANGELS' VISITS Robert Collyer says that Angels' visits are neither few nor far between, and tells how the death of his mother, who was far away, was told to him abont the time of its occurrence. 'Men laugh,' he says, 'and say that we live in a prosy, railroad world, in which the telegraph outflies the old-fashioned angel. But it is not true that angels don't care for us—it's we who do not look for them after they have come to visit us. All the angel that we care to look for is a Michael Angelo angel. But all common human agencies are touched with angelic power, while we are like children, who breathe on the window pane and shut the beautiful landscape out behind a dull cloud. The angels are all about us, though, and they ascend and descend upon humanity. Bad as any man may be, he has angels to minister to him. And when a bad man sinks down and down, and will not listen to the sweeter voices of ascending angels, then come the terrible shapes of descending angels, that do save him in the end.' Golden Era. Some travelers in South America... Some travelers in South America, in traveling an arid and desolate tract of country, were struck with a strange contrast. On one side there was a barren desert, on the other a rich and luxuriant vegetation. The French consul at Loreto, Mexico, says that this remarkable contrast is due to the presence of the Tamai caspi, or the rain tree. This tree grows to the height of sixty feet with a diameter of three feet at its base, and possesses the power of strongly attracting, absorbing and condensing the humidity of the atmosphere. Water is always to be seen dripping form its trunk in such quantity as to convert the surrounding soil into a veritable marsh. It is in the summer especially, when the rivers are nearly dried up, that the tree is most active. If this admirable quality of the rain tree were utilized in the arid regions near the equator, the people there, living in misery on account of the unproductive soil, would derive great advantages from its introduction, as well of the people of more favored countries where the climate is dry and drouths frequent. Did the prophet Isaiah ever eat at a railroad station?... Did the prophet Isaiah ever eat at a railroad station? It certainly looks so, for how could he have described it so liberally if he had not? 'And he shall snatch on the right hand and be hungry; and he shall eat on the left hand, and they shall not be satisfied.' Congregationalist