Brookline, Dec—1881 Elder H.— Dear Friend :— Herewith the Book on the 'History, Doctrine and Discipline' of your Community is returned with my hearty thanks. It has been read with much interest and sympathy; and a most sincere respect for the pure heartedness, spiritual elevation, earnest devotedness, fidelity and consecration of the chief Foundress of your Order, 'Mother Ann' was assuredly, in the best sense, a saint of singular truthfulness, integrity and zeal. It seems to me that your body of Christian s have a great work of Reform still to do, in the teaching, illustrating and exemplifying these three Grand Truths. I. That every human being should be a Holy Temple for the Divine Indwelling; and that every form and degree of Impurity unfits us to be worthy dwelling places for the spirit of Holiness. With this grand Central Truth are connected two others :—First, That life is a sacred gift from the Living God; and that the act of transmitting life, through Parentage can never be desecrated by any mode of impurity, without outraging the Holiness of God,—and Second, That the laws of Perfect Purity is precisely the same and equally binding for man as for woman. II. The Second Truth entrusted to your keeping, for you to expound and explain is that the True Law of life for every Christian community, is the fraternal and sisterly law of co-operation, self-sacrifice, mutual honor and humane helpfulness. Your work has but begun in that direction ; and the on looking world will rejoice in your success, so far as you can prove the soundness of your principle, by your enlarged prosperity. III. The Third Truth committed to your charge and of which you should be the missionaries is ; that every Church of the Beloved Son, which took little children in his arms and blessed them, saying 'if such is the kingdom of Heaven'—should stand in the place of parent to all the Towns around it,— in the spirit of Universal Adoption. Your Homes, your Schools, your Societies, should give models to the world of the highest possible training, discipline and culture, physical, industrial, social, moral, intellectual and spiritual. Your Villages should be, each of them a true Paradise regained, the abode of Purity, Harmony, Love, Peace and Joy, for all its young people, thus help to spread the reign of Heaven upon Earth. It gave me great pleasure to meet you and your sisters and brother, and the interview will be long remembered. With hearty benedictions, I am your friend.— W. H. C.