GOD-DUAL And God said, 'Let us make man in our image, after our likeness ; so God created man in 34s own image, in the image of God created lie Him ; male and female created He them, and called their name Adam.' Here in simple Bible language we are told what God is : at least as much as man can know ; for, study and reason as we may, we cannot comprehend the In- finite. 'Canst thou by searching find out God ? Therefore beyond a certain point necessary to understand our relation and duty to Him, it is foolish speculation and waste of time. 'Say first of God above, or man below, What can we reason but from what we know.' Man's natural intuitions of theDiety, even those of the children of the forest and desert, seem more correct than the theories and conclusions of theologians ; for they, the theologians, suppress the soul's prompting, and substitute therefor vagueness and mystery,-creations of their own distorted imaginations. 'Let us make man in our likeness.' Let us make man male and female like ourself. Let us also endow him with godlike reason and intelligence. 'So God created man in his own image, male and female created He them.' If we interpret the biblical account literally, as Christian sects usually do, we must believe that man was an exact copy of God in miniature, in form and in structure : and if man is fnale and female, God must also be male and female. If, again, we give a spiritual construction thereto, making due allowance for the figurative language of the ancients, we must believe that great prin- ciples were involved instead of mere physical formation, and that man's anatomy represents the male and female principle in Deity. W? do not attempt the presumptuous folly of proving two persons in the Godhead. This would be as absurd as to assert that there are three. We cannot, like the Buddhist, make 2ods to order ; and as Warwick made English Kings ; neither does our system of arithmetic teach us that one is three and three is one. Our God does not compel us to believe inconsistencies of himself; nor does our religion consist of mystery. Common sense and the yearning of our souls for parents, teach us of a Heavenly Father and Mother too. We are not reconciled to the idea of being half orphans. We claim a legitimate birth from a full and perfect parentage. Do we believe in Jesus, the Son of God? Most certainly, and we also believe in Ann the Daughter of God. Why not have a daughter as well as a son ? We believe He has many sons and daughters. The bible tells us that He had sons six thousand years ago. The apostle Paul, unquestioned authority, says: 'For the invisible things from the creation of the world arc clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his Eternal Power and Godhead. Throughout creation we find manifest the dual principle,—in the mineral, vegetable and animal kingdoms. This triple Diety has no illustration in the world of ours. The idea originated in the abnormal brain of some visionary monk. The arguments adduced to sustain such a theory are fallacious and have no shadow of scriptural foundation even, save the occurrence a few times in the New Testament, of the words 6 SHAKER MANIFESTO. Holy Ghost, and which only means Holy Spirit. The male—God idea, the manGod idea, the idea of the corporal death of a God, and a trinity of personal Gods, is a rel:c of a barbarous age, and was cotemporary with the erroneous supposition that the earth was flat and supported by a huge turtle ; the sun small and revolving around the earth, &amp;c, &amp;c. All these absurdities should, ere this, have ceased to exist. The maleGod idea is boon companion for the doctrine of election of an implacable God and eternal damnation ;—is consistent with the belief that woman was made of a piece of man, and consequently is his natural appendage and legitimately his tool and his slave. The emancipation of woman from a worse than feudal or African slavery, the assertion of her just rights in domestic life, are yet in the future. The agitation for woman's equal rights in educational f.nd political life,-the right of franchise, of participation in govern- ment, her demand for equal pay for labor when equal quantity and quality are rendered,—this is just what ought to be, but when obtained is but an introduction to the real rights of woman. Woman herself does not yet sufficiently understand her glorious possibilities ;-she even now ignorantly strives to be content to remain in bondage, under the mistaken notion that God has made her so ; and to this fact are due, to a great extent, the social miseries and prostitutions that curse our marital relations. These are the unhappy conditions that make households miserable, and the fruits thereof fill our cities with crime, glut our prisons and insane asylums, people our pauper institutions and fill our cemeteries with premature deaths. From these homes come the Josie Mansfields, the Jennie Cranmers, and the host of wantons of both sexes. These conditions are condoned by our legislatures and ministers of the gospel silently pass them by as unpopular subjects for discussion. The true reason of this cowardly reticence, this shameful neglect of imperative duty by cur public teachers ; we will not now discuss ; but if the test were given, do we think it would now be easier to find one sufficiently guiltless to cast the first stone, than it was when the poor woman was brought by her accusers to Jesus ? Is there a remedy for this moral leprosy of society ? Is there power 014 earth or in heaven to probe and heal these festering sores of sensualism? God of our fathers ! Hear our prayer for deliverance from this spiritual death. Our petition has been graciously received and woman is sent to the rescue. Man's noble helpmeet, in no sense his inferior ; co-equal with man possessing her full share of divinity in man, and representing her share of God's image. Hitherto she has been ignored ; we have not known her. She has been merely a piece of property, a toy for pastime or a baser use. Now by a more enlightened dispensation which in God's good providence lias begun its unfoldment to a few at least, this incongruous one-sidedness is changed. Woman comes to the front, stands side by side with man ; we greet her as a companion, an adviser, a skillful manipulator of the destinies of life, able and willing to sustain her full share in all its relations. Man's supremacy has been tried for more than six thousand years, and it may be, six times six thousand years, and it has failed. Now then, let us be 1 SHAKER MANIFESTO. honest and admit the fact, let us attest an experiment, and not a doubtful one either. The Shakers have tested the equality of the sexes in government, in religious service, and in domestic life for a period of one hundred years. Worshiping God as Father and Mother, we recogni;e a complete family of sons and daughters, and we love and respect each other in mutual rights as brothers and sisters— a perfect and harmonious household. For one hundred years this Society hat proved to the world that men and women can and do live in holy fraternal relations. Scoffers have not been wanting, who, having no confidence in their own ability to exemplfy the virgin life, have derided the possibility of the sexes living purely together and so closely socially connected as we are. But we can afford to wait for our complete vindication from all calumny. The truth will ultimately triumph ; and even now our cause is being championed by the best minds and the most influential men. We declare unto you that we do live as we pi-ofess. That we are able and really do bear our crosses against the lusts of the flesh ; and in our relations with woman we do not find her a puny sickly thing, we do not find her the weaker sex. We find in our sisters true companions, able and ready to stem with us the tide of nature, to bear their full share of crucifixion, and oftentimes the stronger and braver ; generally the more patient and enduring. We cannot speak of ou« sisters as the women, nor do we hear them mention their brethren as the men. That is clearly the best religion which evolves most fully our divinity. That is the safest theology, which, when practically illustrated, produces the best result. Our conception of God as dual, and his reproduction in man as male and female, two parts of a perfect whole, each different but equal, gives us a broad and stable foundation, a solid hope, and humble trust in the Author of our being. We no more worship Him in fear, in doubt, in mystery ; but as a full parent, Father and Mother. He has indeed been wonderfully good to us his children. Let us worship Him devotedly, with reason and intelligence. Canterbury, N. H.