BE NOT FAITHLESS From the spirit of ELDER RICHARD BUSHNELL Bo faithless nevermore In the promises of God, He who hath declared,— Will in truth perfect his word. Shall Zion's beauty fade, Or her glorious light go out? Not while the Sun and Moon Shall shine. Never, never doubt. Shall this Sacred Temple rear'd, E'er crumble into dust; Shall the Altar Fires cease, In which so many trust? Where in penetential tears, Great Sacrifice is made For sin, and for transgression, 'Till ev'ry farthings paid? Shall the consecrated labors Of Sainted Pioneers, Whose hands laid these foundations Baptized in prayers and tears? Shall all these off'rings perish,— Be lost to needy souls? Not while the Stars pursue their course Or wave of Ocean rolls. What though a few faint-hearted, Turn back with scorn and spite :— Deride thy peaceful tenure, 'Gainst truth and justice fight? Lured by elements of nature, For worldly paltry pelf; 8 SHAKER MANIFESTO. To find no greater pleasure. Than merely pleasing self. Traitors at the nation's birth, But nerved the Patriot's arm; Though in the direst trial, Fled cowards in alarm. Yet loyal Sons of freedom With faith in God stood firm; Jehovah these delivered,—¦ From them a lesson learn. Their names are high emblazoned On parchments, nations read; And yet shall unborn millions Praise each heroic deed. While scorn shall point her finger, And hiss to very shame ; The Traitor and the Coward Who've lost an honored name. God bless this land of freedom, Which guards our Zion home; Thrice blest art thou, Mount Zion ! Where God has placed his name. Blest is the crystal fountain Whose waters cleanse and heal; Blest the Ark and Mercy-Seat Where God his Laws reveal. Raise high the gospel banner, Higher and still higher ¦ Breast every opposition,— Burn up with gospel fire,— The lust of vain ambition, The pride of sinful man, The unclean beast cast out,— Curs'd since the world began. Come blend your hearts together, Ye trusting, honored few; The heavens have prepared Their richest gifts for you. In songs of praises, tongues of fire, The word of God proclaim ; In Prophecies and Visions True inspiration's flame. Listening hosts shall hear thee And hasten to the call,— To the Altar of confession In gladness prostrate fall. From sea to sea o'er Oceans broad,— To distant lands 'twill spread; From rivers to the ends of earth, To wake the sleeping dead. Renew your faith and courage, Keep innocent and pure :— And set your house in order, God's promises are sure This the Way the Truth the Life It never, never'll fail, 'Gainst all the powers of darkness ; It surely will prevail Alfred, Me.