The New Year Beloved Friends :—With the present number of the Manifesto, commences Volume twelve. To all of its readers, to those who may contribute to its columns, as well as t:. that great company who have never seen nor even heard of it, we wish a happy, peaceful and prosperous new year. Many dear friends who are richly rown,ed with years of gospel experience, The mission of the paper from its beginning to this date has been fully presented to its readers by those who have made themselves interested in its publication . As the Manifesto is expected to be a fair exponent of the spirit of the several communities of Believers, we shall solicit, in all kindness, a continuance of interest on every subject worthy of a place in its columns. The paper is for the better advancement of truth as understood by the Shakers and to this end we write or speak to those who are not of our order. The practical manifestation of this, ultimately, must be through our very life purposes, if it is expected to work for the salvation of one or more individuals. In this age of free thought, free speech and independent action, every church and every phase of church discipline must pass through the ordeal of a critical examination. This crucial test will place before the world the beauties, as well as the ad- vantages of a life of self-denial, or better a life of Christ. The principle which worked such wonders in a past age for the Christians, when it was generally conceded that 'might is right,' las been pretty thoroughly exploded. Whoever wins the confidence and respect of his fpllow man at the present day, must stand pre-eminently above his ellows in the representation of practical ighteousness. If we pray, let the prayer carry our inspirations up to God, and if we preach, et us watch over our own lives and see f we practice as we preach. SHAKER MANIFESTO. 15 suggest that every number should have one or two articles bearing directly upon the Covenantal and spiritual life of the order. The subject is as beautiful as is that of the wells of salvation 'whose waters are springing up unto everlasting life.' We hope to be the happy recipients of these papers as our covenantal relations should occupy an exalted place in our minds, and a growing interest should be manifested in its sacred maintainance. Those who are gifted with this divine blessing will no doubt contribute liberally to this department. In making preparations for the issue of this first No. of the Manifesto, we cast about, somewhat, as prudent calculators may do by taking account of stock on hand. This enables us to draw reli- able conclusions as to what we may safely carry forward into the New Year, and what must be left behind. To brighten our hopes for the future, comes, appreciated among our valuables, the brotherly love of our former Editor, in expressions of kind regards. One writer remarks that words, in the place of works, are as leaves, dry, tasteless and meaningless. Fortunately, we are not left to know this fruitless condition as the article which so kindly came, in due season, will most readily attest. All this is God's blessing to us and we ask its continuance through time. We gratefully acknowledge the receipt of Ten Dollars, from our friend HERMAN Mullek of Cincinnati, Ohio,—as an aid in publishing the 'Manifesto.' May those who read this, be induced to go and do likewise.