Correspondence Basseterre, St. Kitts, B. West Indies, Sept. 29, 1881 Elder F. W. Brails, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Eespected Friend :—I offer no apology for troubling you with a letter, as I think the subject will interest you, and, it may be, give hope of better days for your principles Some ten years ago I left Glasgow for health. Came here, as I had an interest in a brother's business, General Store. I was a member of the society of Friends, or Quakers, in Scotland. I knew from books that George Fox and other early Friends, had made extensive tours in all these Islands. So, one day when in the neighboring island of Nevis. I was told of a sect called 'Xoahites,' or Shakers, or Quakers. They were everywhere spoken against, railed at and despised. I found that their meeting was the last vestige of Friends in the West Indies. After some trouble I learned that somewhere about 1665, three persons of the sect called Quakers came to Nevis, where they found a friendly reception in the house of one, Humphrey Highwood, who, not long after was cited to appear before the Governor for breaking a law, enjoining formal notice of the arrival of all strangers after a given time. For this undesigned omission flighwood was committed to prison; but eventually the Quakers managed to obtain a firm footing in that part of the island called the Lowlands. There is found evidence of their last resting place in some few stones on which is marked name and date of death. A daughter of the then Governor Lake is interred in the same place. So they had made converts. I rode out to Colton Grounds, but could not see any of thje men connected with the meeting, but I went out the next First Day, and found the leaderHe was only known as Captain Frederick; from him I learned that the meeting had been a long, long time held. He said he had been a slave, as all his people had been ; they had always belonged to the meeting, but the meeting was almost dead—no life, no nothing. He was an old man, fully 75 years of age. So that 1 am only giving you an outline of what he said. About 1838, a man named Noah, who had been brought up in SHAKER MANIFESTO. meeting, came back from America, where he had been for some years, and with joy, old Fred said, he brought life to the meeting. He brought marching, singing, dancing and clapping of hands, and the meeting began to live. My visit was early in 72. I found the Meeting House had been swept away by the hurricane of the previous August. I may say in passing, it ruined nearly all these islands. However, they met in the house of one of the members—the largest house in the place. As meeting did not begin until 3 p. m., I called at the house of the manager of the estate where the meeting was to be held, had dinner, and heard some strange stories of the Noahites. As he had never been at their meetings, he came with me When we got to the place, I found that everything had been taken out of the cabin, or hut, except one chair for Frederick. He took his place and around the walls the women ranged themselves ; before them, all round a second row, low enough to let the back see over them. Frederick engaged in prayer, and all joined in repeating the Lord's Prayer. Many hymns were sung—time being kept by all clapping hands and also beating with their feet, until, by and bye, they got excited, and their springs and jumping, all in good time, became general. There were fully one hundred joining in the worship outside. This continued for fully two hours, when I had to tell Captain Fred, 1 had to ride into town and must go. They stopped and I had a few words to say to them. I said I had no doubt the meeting had once been a Quaker's but how strangely changed, when the old man touched me on the shoulder, saying: same spirit, Massa, different manifestation. What could I say against that? and if the new manifestation brought life and joy to them, it was not given to me to speak against it. I parted with them in much love I am prepared to say, that, although spoken against they are the best people in Nevis. Their creed consists of very few articles : 1. No pay for preach. I give it in their own words. 2. No debt—owe no man anything. 3. No smoking; no strong drink; no perfume. 4. No gaudy dress, no going to law; live in peace. I asked Captain Fred, how the young people kept the laws. He said, better than expected. Some did smoke. He thought on the whole that the old times and folks were better than the present. I made inquiry all round but could find no proof of immorality among them. I arrived in this island a few weeks ago. My old friends in Nevis heard of my arrival, and Josiah Lawrence, the present head of the meeting, came over to see me. From him I learned that old Captain Frederick died in 1875, aged about 90; that the meeting is growing, having now fully two hundred people attending. Not all members, but all worshipers or inquirers. I found they are in sad straits for want of a meeting house. As few of them can read and fewer still write, I am at a loss what to do for them. To send them a lot of Quaker tracts is out of the question. So, dear friend, as everyone is my friend who has a kindly word for his neighbor, if you, or any of the brethren should see the way clear to send a few tracts—the plainer the better—I do think some good might be done. I say honestly that the reason why they are everywhere spoken against is because they won't 'pay for preach.' The Methodists and Moravians, indeed all, must live by their trade, and if the poor people refuse to 'pay for preach,' as they expressively put it, then the preaching business is done. Josiah Lawrence, Colton Grounds, Lowlands, Nevis, B. West Indies, will reach him, but he bitterly complained that some works which I sent him were never delivered to them. You can form no idea of the state of matters in these islands. The black, or colored man is looked upon as a beast, and let me say, by beasts. Strong drink and lust are the two curses of the world, but here, immorality reigns triumphant. Base things are no longer base, or vile things vile. I admit that a morality easy enough in a cold country, is to the great mass impossible here. Good rum (if any of it can be called good) is 12 cents per bottle, so that people can get the worse for liquor on one cent. If the end of this age does not soon 16 SHAKER MANIFESTO. 17 come, then this fair portion of God's earth will be the Devil's, as this is Hell. Thy friend, James McNish