Shaker Village, Dec. 1881 Our Precious H :— My mind was drawn to you this morning while thinking of my dear young brethren and sisters, in whose midst memory lingers as 'mid a garden of beautiful flowers, the tiniest of which bears marks of the careful cultivator. Ah H.,—let us bear in mind that it is the discipline and pruning of the Christian work which makes good manners, good morals, and the symetrical character. So be encoured my dear sister, aim high, we will climb together the rugged hill of life, and enjoy together the sweet peace and happiness which flows from a pure well disciplined mind. When we feel dissatisfied with our gains, or think we are making slow progress toward the heavenly kingdom, let us turn our minds to doing something for others, loving and preferring them to ourselves; thus by scattering joy and sunshine on all around us, we shall increase our own treasure. Though the gain may be imperceptible for a long time, it is nevertheless, sure. What we sow, we shall reap. This reminds me of beloved Eldress A's word,—that we must 'never begin anything that we shall have to leave otf.' What an excellent text for the New Year! What an amount of unnecessary trouble and work we should save ourselves, did we but bear it in mind. You see I take the liberty to write freely, and why not, since love prompts the act. To wish you a 'Merry Christmas,' or a 'Happy New Year,' seems like the repetition of a time worn phrase, or an echo of the real happiness which I trust may be yours. I covet for you the best gifts,—the cheerfulness which wells up continually from a pure spirit, like the ripples of the laughing brook, reflecting the radiance of virgin sweetness on all within the circle of your influence. May the happiness be yours which obedience to faith and conviction are sure to bring. Finally, be true to your own soul, and to God ; and your cup of blessing will be filled to overflowing. You will feel the love and companionship of the good and true, which is, really, all the friendship worth having. Now H.,—as an older sister, let me advise you to be careful of your health, you have a kind heart, but once deprived of this blessing, you may know a sorrow you cannot now imagine. In all your gains, your joys, or your sorrows I am with you, and whatever tends to your prosperity, adds to my happiness. With this assurance, I remain, Your loving sister, — M. M. C.