IN REMEMBRANCE, Of Eldress Polly J. Reed Down to the river of tears, In grief are we led, For one light of our household, Now sleeps with the dead ; With a spirit perfected Through suffering and prayer, Here, she closes her labor, Her burden and care. In the cause of salvation, So loyal and brave, A leader undaunted, By danger's dark wave. The land of soul liberty, She has defended, Where man's equal rights Are in purity blended. Loved by dearest of kindred, In life's opening day ; The lone star of their circle, Called early away From the altar, where human Affections entwine, To her mission of sacrifice, Pure and divine. No selfishness cold, in her heart Found a place, For the beautiful spirit Of true Christian grace, Sat enthroned in the temple Of her loving soul, And held o'er the wild sea Of passion control. Through life's wearisome march Fraught with hopes and with fears, 'No shadow of turning' In her purpose appears ; But the pure hallowed law Of the truth and the right, Has guided her home To the City of Light. Humanity's good was the theme Of her fervor, The triumph of right Claimed her every endeavor, That the bond of affection, Uniting us now, Should be sealed, as eternity's Unbroken vow. No murmurings could rise, Like a cloud o'er the way, For the mandates of justice, Will reason obey ; And the strength of her word Was the work of her life, Where meekness and truth, In each action were rife. As she lived, so she died, A heroine rare ; Drinking deeply of suffering For others welfare, Yea those unto wThom she A pilot would be, To the rock unmolested By life's troubled sea. O why should our sister, Our pattern and guide, In the day of her usefulness, Fall by our side ; A prey to disease That no skill can arrest, 'Till she reaches her home, In the land of the blest. Now the veil drops between us And vision doth cease, And no longer we hear Her sweet echoes of peace ; But patiently trusting Wh£n free from earth's care, We shall meet our beloved, In the '•'Home Over There.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.