House-hold THINGS TO BE REMEMBERED Remember that tea should not be infused for more than seven minutes. Have the water boiling and use a teaspoonful of tea for each person and one over. Put the tea in the pot and pour the boiling water over it, and let it stand for seven minutes. If it is allowed to stand the tannin in the tea is drawn out and dyspepsia is the result. Remember that mirrors should never be hung where the sun shines directly upon them. They soon look misty, grow rough or granulated, and no longer give back a correct picture. The amalgam or union of tinfoil with mercury, which is spread on glass to form a looking-glass, is easily ruined by the direct, continuous exposure to the solar rays. Remember that lemons can be kept sweet and fresh lor months by putting them into a tight, clean cask or jar, and covering with cold water. The water must be changed as often as once every other day, and the cask kept in a cool place. Remember that a teaspoonful of black pepper will prevent grey or buff linen from spotting, if stirred into the first water in which they are washed. It will also prevent the colors running, when washing black or colored cambrics or muslins, and the water is not injured by it, but just as soft as before the pepper was put in. Remember that one can have the hands in soapsuds with soft soap without injury to the skin if the hands are dipped in vinegar or lemon juice immediately after. The acids destroy the corrosive effects of the alkali and make the hands soft and white. Indian meal and vinegar or lemon juice used on hands when roughed by cold or labor, will heal and soften them. Rub the hands in this; then wash off throughly and rub in glycerine. Those who suffer from chapped hands will find this comforting.—Maiden Mirror. If you want to retain a healthy voice... If you want to retain a healthy voice, never keep the neck tightly and closely covered. Let the air circulate freely around it, in or- der that the skin may become as hard as possible ; for such is the natural effect of exposing even delicate tissues to the air, as might be illustrated by numerous cases in surgery. C. A. Guilmette, M. D. Pork versus ethics From Dr. Foot's Health Monthly. PORK versus ETHICS. By Dr. J. H. Haxaford. Is it right to eat and drink as a depraved appetite may suggest? I claim that no Christian, certainly, has a right to be a glutton, or a winebibber, eating pork, or any article forbidden in the scriptures, any more than he has to lie, swear, or steal. This will seem evident from the command; 'Whether ye eat or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God.' This is a good illustration of the 'higher law' and must seem strange to those who disregard Lev. II, 7, &amp; 8, and other similar passages. Is it said that such were intended for the Jews? I suppose so, but not for them only, any more than the ten commandments, or any more than the epistle to the Romans was intended for the disciples at Rome only. I suppose that the whole Bible was intended for the whole world, and equally obligatory on Jews and Gentiles. I suppose that the moral laws relating to the diet, cleanliness &amp;c, had sanitary applications and relations, on the principle that the soul is reached through the body, measurably, that physical soundness and purity are necessary conditions and aids to the moral growth. That pork is among the most corrupt and diseased of all meats, no intelligent person will deny, and that it is so difficult of digestion that few, if any, can use it with impuni- ty, is equally certain. As such, it is unfit for human food, while the wild beast scavengers, unless driven almost to desperation by hunger, will not devour the dead hog! The Jew, as a part of his religion, avoids pork as we do profanity and falsehood, and this fact we should infer from his personal appearance and physical purity. He is free from the taint of scrofula, cancer, and 'hu- mors' in general, while the female is as 'fair as a Jewess.' These are significant facts, and give force to the Divine command, and well illustrate its moral appropriateness. Dr. Gibson, of England, medical officer, states 'there is no doubt that a Jew's life in London is worth twice as many years as a Christian's.' The medical officer of one of their large schools has remarked that their children do not die in any thing like the ratio as the Gentile children; and, in the district of White Chapel, the officer has reported that on the north side of High St., occupied by the Jews, the death rate is 20 per, cent, while on the south side, occupied by English and Irish, it is 45, per cent, per 1,000.' This startling fact must find its explanation in the physical condition and habits of these people. Dr. Foot's health monthly