CIRCULAR LETTER Shaker Village, N. H. Dec. 20, 1881. Beloved Ministry :— On receiving the Dec. No. of the 'Manifesto ;' you will notice that the duties connected with the little paper have been transferred from Witervliet to Canterbury. The acceptance of this burden has been only by the urgent request of our Beloved Ministry of Mount Lebanon, through whom we expect to receive the blessing of our God. This family would have preferred to have been excused from an immediate connection with the paper, honestly thinking that the several societies would be better pleased if it was under the direct management of Mt. Lebanon. In accepting this onerous burden we shall ask the kind remembrance of all our beloved gospel friends, and solicit your aid in assisting us to make the paper what Believers in general, would have it to be. The positive value of the Manifesto must necessarily depend upon the value of the contributions. They may be written upon Theology, Practical Religion, our Social Life, or take any form of expression that meets the demands of the day, only allow them to be used as the representatives of the several Societies. We are well aware that the paper must be maintained by a careful cultivation of union, and shall hold ourselves as the ready dispensers of any gifts that may be presented for publication. It has been the general feeling among Believers to publish in each number a piece of Music. We would suggest that this department also, shall represent every Society. As it is prefered that the hymns be set to har- mony, we should wish to receive them in that form, carefully analyzed and corrected for ;he press. Should it so happen, however, that any family having a hymn of good and beautiful words, and finding themselves unable to arrange a harmony for the same, if they will send the hymn to the—Editor of the Manifesto—we will, for the present, see that the music is arranged and the contribution pubished. SHAKER MANIFESTO. 13 We also propose to publish some of our best marches and select pieces, which are written only as melodies. If our dear friends cannot furnish a hymn, they may be able to send us some little gem of a march which will be sung with an inspiration wherever it is known. In order to make the Manifesto interesting and instructive to the thousands of aged and youthful readers, its contributions must appeal to their minds. This will be nothing new in the order of its arrangement, as the several departments could not be changed for the better. Elder Giles remarks :-—'It is suggested, to let the young people write very short items of from one to eight and ten lines ; write and rewrite them, and show them to their friends to be criticised and revised,' and then send them to the Manifesto. With this brotherly and sisterly considera' tion we hope to present a paper which will afford a measure of satisfaction to those who so liberally help to sustain it, both with contributions of matter, and with that of money. Remember us in your prayers, dear friends, before God and before his angels. Accept our kindest love, Your brother, Henry C. Blinn