Juvenile CATCHKG Sl'XSHKE My next door neighbor's little girl, A cunning two-year old, Wondered one day why drooped her flowers, And pleaded to be told. Then said her mamma :—'Here-in-doors The sunshine does n't come To warm and bless and gladden them And drive away their gloom. And so they droop, as children do Who get no tender love To cheer them on that upward way Whereon we all must move.' 18 SHAKER MANIFESTO. Next day, when mamma went to seek Her darling at her play, She found her standing in the sun In just the queerest way : For there she held aloft a cup Above her pretty head, 'What are you doing, LuLu dear?' Mamma, astonished, said. And she, her cup still held aloft— Bless her, ye heavenly powers ! 'I'm catching sunshine, mamma dear, To give my 'ittle f'owers.' Type of all children there was she; Who in life's garden stand, Still holding patiently aloft Their life cups in their hand. And so the world is kept alive, And freshened every minute, By the dear grace that overflows The children who are in it. Anon THE BOYS WE NEED Here's to the boy who's not afraid To do his share of work; Who never is by toil dismayed, And never tries to shirk. The boy whose heart is brave to meet The lions in the way; Who's not discouraged by defeat, But tries another day. The boy who always means to do The very best he can; Who always keeps the right in view, And aims to be a man. Such boys as these will grow to be The men whose hands will guide The future of our land; and we Shall speak their names with pride. All honor to the boy who is A man at heart, I say; Whose legend on his shield is this : 'Right always wins the day.' E. E. Rexford A little mouse saw a fine piece of cheese in a trap... A little mouse saw a fine piece of cheese in a trap. 'How good it looks !' he said. 'I guess I'll just taste it, and take the rest home to my sick little sister.' Just then, his eldest brother ran into the room. 'It's mine,' cried he, running toward the trap. 'You shall not have any of it. I want it all for myself ' He took a bite, the trap snapped, and he was killed. Moral—Selfish little boys and girls don't get caught in traps, but they often get into a great deal of trouble. Churchman. Letter Box As the youth and children in our several Societies are occasionally -writing and receiving letters, we propose to insert some of those deemed most suitable in this department, for the benefit and encouragement of all interested. Canaan, N. Y. Dec. 1881 Beloved Sister L. ;—I received your little missive on the 14th. inst. which was very acceptable. You speak of its being a task for you to discipline yourself to a perfection in penmanship and letter writing. I agree with you in this, although as I practice I find that it becomes much easier. This afternoon a large number of the brethren and sisters are attending the funeral of an aged sister at another family, one whose death impressed my mind with the importance of so living, that I shall not fear to meet my reward when the angel Reaper shall call my spirit to its final home. She was well beloved by all who knew her, for she had been a faithful Christian for many years and was fully prepared to make the change. I rejoice that m\ lot has been cast with the faithful followers of Christ, and I am resolved to stand flrm in the faith that calls me to a life of purity and self-denial, to sacrifice selfish inclinations for the good and happiness of others. — There is a high wind today and it is exceedingly cold. But what matters the weather without? If true Christian love reigns in SHAKER MANIFESTO. 19 our hearts it will be all cheerful and pleasant within. Please accept my love with that of all my dear companions, and thank Sister A. for the proposition she made for you to address me. I should be pleased to hear from you again. Affectionately, Your Sister, E. E. H.