SOUL TRAVEL NO. 5 GILES B. AVERY However much infidelity exists today to a belief in the existence of God; the future existence of man after the death of his mortal frame, in a world of soixl life,—a spirit sphere, where human consciousness of misery or happiness is even more vividly to be realized than in this present world, the day of human progress is too far advanced for this phase of human weakness and folly to be of long duration ; for, untold millions have, within the past quarter of a century, received, and are still receiving such, to them, undeniable evidences that God is, and that man exists in a future world of spirit, that, as well the svm might cease her shining as to cause such millions to doubt their experiences. These enlightened souls, for themselves, know that God is, and that He is working for the good of man through His ministering spirits, and, not all of these are yet in the spirit world, and divested of mortal frames. These avenues of open communication between these orders of beings are the sources of new revelations of light and truth from Wisdom's inexhaustible fountains, now accessible to man. Thus it behooves soul travelers,—seekers after happiness,—the would be children of God, so to gain and hold a relation to these ministering spirits, that we may have access to heavenly garners, wherein are hidden, not only 'all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge' but the inspirations of soul love and life that shall wean the recipient from the love of sin, and the follies and foibles of worldly life. But, the great and important need of humanity is to convince them of the fact of the existence of these superior heavenly treasures :—to give them confidence and faith that God is, and is the rewarder of all them that diligently serve Him. To make this fact an universal conscious experience to each and every individual soul of man. Many still lack belief because the promised benefits, or because the evidences of a future state for man's abode when done with time, are contrary to their individual personal experience, thus far in life. Like the King of Siam, when told by missionaries that the American rivers were often so congealed by cold, that his elephants could walk upon them, could not believe, it was so contrary to his experience. Savage nations disbelieve in the laws overning the heavenly bodies, enabling the scientific to calculate eclipses; the conjunction of planets ; the times of the appearance of comets &amp;c. Human experience is necessarily so finite, that, to live, in the widest sense, much of :no. i. SHAKER M ANIFESTO. life's experiences have to be accepted on the strength of the testimony vf other people. It is a fact, but, doubtless revealed to the observation of but few persons, that a gorgeous butterfly is but the evolution of a caterpillar. And who, that has never examined the sub- ject, but almost questionably wonders how electricity can be made to write; wires be made to talk; light be made to paint pictures ; coal, black as tar, made to yield candles white as snow; and how dirty cotton rags can be made to yield sugar. But, these things, and thousands equally as strange, are facts, and forced upon our credulity, because demonstrable ! Even so it is demonstrable that there is a God, the rewarder of the life sacrifices of the righteous, and the awarder of the just dues of the transgressors of His laws. A. Revelator of the fact that happiness is not to be computed by the amount of earthly riches a person possesses; by the hours of idle leisure to spend in sensual pleasures ; by the gaudy dress to wear; by the grandeur and convenience of a tasty home; by the amount of beautiful and gorgeous flowers bordering the clean cut lawns, nor the decorations upon the coffin containing the remains, when the soul has emigrated to its eternal bourne, and the costly monument erected over the casket when consigned to its mother earth; but by the innocence, righteousness, peace and harmony of life, compared with the laws of the Lift-Giver! Divested of these graces of character, life is but a mocking chase for the goal of Heaven ! But, while the gates of Paradise are wide open to souls who, spiritually, self-sacrificingly, travel in harmony with the Divine will) by a loving and devotional obedience; they are not even ajar to souls who grudgingly conform to the same, in the ceremonial sense only; for, in the Kingdom of God, no forced compliance to His laws does He recognize as obedience ; what is yielded by force, in God's sight, is but mockery, and not yielded at all in spirit and verity. Jesus introduced a travel of soul from the confines of the ceremonies of the Mosaic Levitical law and the fiat,—' Thou sJtali' and lithou shalt not' to the freedom of conscience ' Whosoever will, let him. come and partake of the waters of life freely.' That soul whose affected obedience to the laws of God is but servilely and grudgingly given, can never, while in that state, taste the bliss of His sweet love, nor feel the kindly sympathy of His nursing hand of care, much less can they be fed, filled and inspirited, with the vivifying juices of the fruits of the spirit, that grow in His heavenly vineyard! The environments of human creeds and empty forms of religion, is a hedge that fences out the flowers and fruit bearing trees of Paradise ; and the refreshing dews of Heaven cannot distil upon the plants impaled in their domains. As well might the agriculturist attempt, hopefully, to raise corn, wheat, and the luscious summer fruits of the earth in the deep gloomy grottoes and caves of its bosom, wherein the stylactite displays its bleached, fanciful subterranean grandeur, as for a soul to anticipate cultivating the flowers and fruits of Heaven while entombed in the caverns of earth bound loves and foolish fancies that attract life's journeymen to the haunts of sinful pleasure, or charm the senses so as to detract them from the pursuits of solid virtue. To attempt to gain soul food by stuffing life with the pleasures of the physical senses, on the one hand, and loading it with torturing pangs of physical sufferings on the other, is as fruitless of gain as grasping at the shadow of a flower, which, in the sunshine of today is, but, in the clouds of even, the night of darkness, or the morrow of storms, has no existence ! Shall the human race forever, like the Prodigal son of the parable, feed on husks, while in our Heavenly Father and Mother's house, and growing in Their Heavenly Vineyard of love, there i.s blissful soul food enough, add fruits of exquisite richness, ar.d soul sustaining and inspiring sweetness? Shall the sin frost bitten flowers of earthly sensual pleasure forever lure the soul to disappointed hopes of happiness? Shall the dried fruits of a lifeless, soulless, empty form of godliness forever starve the needy soul into a skeleton ghoul of a soulless firm? Shall mere wordy righteousness and sentimental songs of and about the bliss of heaven forever to be the lullaby of quiet for the soul into an incubus of imagination that a heaven is already in the grasp of the spirit, which the future day of trial will reveal to be only a mirage in the distant horizon? 2 SHAKER MANIFESTO. The answer lies within the purpose anc power of every soul traveler, each one for one. Angel missionaries in armies, are com missioned to hold out the sceptred boon o: royal bliss and glory, to every suecessfu winner in the race of life who reaches re demption's goal from the thraldom of eartl and sin, set free by salvation's purifying furnace of trials in the fire of truth. Who so wills, and emphatically strives, a heaven to win, to such the gates are ajar Come, come, all created souls come! The Gospel trumpet of free salvation is sounding an inviting welcome blast. The sun of revealed truth is beaming forth in resplendeni brightness ! A high way of purity and holi- ness is cast up, beautiful for the feet of those who would walk in Wisdom's ways of pleasantness, and all things are ready for a soul birth right in the Paradise of God, to all who choose to be born anew ! Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.