SHAKER VIEW OF MARRIAGE A. G. HOLLISTER Tn the Christian Union some time ago, under head of ''The Marriage Te.«t,' appeared the following statement, which needs correcting : 'If a new system or scheme of life tampers with marriage, it is always bad, and can by no possibility be good. The Shakers form a community built on this rotten foundation. They destroy the family, root and branch. They have no place for love, and enter into a determined fight with the God of nature, who, by the strongest passions and impulses he has ever implanted in the human soul, has commanded them to establish families and homes. Shakerism is good for nothing if it is not good universally,—if it ought not to be adopted universally. But universal adoption would be the suicide of the race, and a race has no more right to commit suicide than a man,' etc. Shakers do not tamper with marriage, but deem it a worldly institution with which the genuine disciples of Christ have nothing directly to do. Nor can they have1 any interest whatever in weakening its obligations on those who choose to populate the world. Ann Lee taught, 'Do not go and report that we forbid to marry, for we do not. But all that cannot or will not take up their cross for the Kingdom of Christ's sake, and that only, I would advise them to marry and live after the flesh in a lawful manner, ind be servants to their families ; for that is natural and less sinful in the sight 9 10 SHAKER MANIFESTO.. of God than any other way of gratifying that nature.' Shakers deem marriage honorable in all who honorably use it for companionship or offspring only, and no for unfruitful works of which it is ; shame to speak except in terms of con- demnation. Lawfully used, it is gooc for those who own no higher purpose in life, and is far better than licentiousness. Inasmuch as it brings the parties into responsibility absorbs and directs to useful ends their superabundant energies, it improves them, and upholds their latent powers, and subjects them to a degree of order, law and discipline. Nevertheless, it is written of such, 'They twain shall be one flesh,' hence they are not spiritual, are not children of the resurrection, who neither marry nor are given in marriage, but are of the earth, earthy, like the first Adam, whose image they bear and whose works they do, and are bound by carnal ties and worldly interests from which nothing can redeem them but the love and the cross of Christ, faithfully borne. For not until they are prepared to forsake that order and its carnal works, and live consecrated in brotherly and sisterly love, in perpetual chastity for Christ's sake and his gospel, can they be lawfully released from the obligations incurred by wedlock, and then only by changing an inferior for a superior relation. If this destroys the family, root and branch, it evidently is not the work of man, for it is opposed alike to the dictates of worldly wisdom, and the perverted desires of a depraved nature. Nor is it of Shakers, but of God, for none can accomplish it without that faith and understanding which is freely given of God to such as earnestly desire, above everything else, to know his will that they may do it. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.