NOTES FROM THE LIFE EXPERIENCES OF MOTHER ANN LEE Two of the brethren having business relations with a merchant in Albany, were unjustly accused and wronged by him. One of the brethren made his complaint to Mother Ann,—'That man has abused us ; and I will prosecute him.' Mother replied :—You must not touch the law. He that takes the sword, shall perish by the sword. If you take the law you will lose the blessing of God. Trust in God. What! build the things that God will destroy? Go in faith and God will deliver you. The law shall go forth out of Zion, and the Avord of the Lord from Jerusalem, is the law in which you should trus^. Trust in that law and God will deliver you. Mother and the Elders took unwearied pains to instruct and enlighten the Believers in the things of God, and in the path of their duty. It was at Watervliet in 1781 while Calvin Harlow and others who were gifted as public speakers were assembled that Mother addressed them as follows : Hear ye my words ; It is but a light thing to speak words to the souls of men, when compared to the duty of helping them. Those who help souls, must have the spirit of Christ to administer to them : They must take upon themselves the infirmities of those they would help, and be able to bear for them, and to suffer with them. As several of the brethren and sisters who had been on a visit to Mother and the Elders, were about to return home, Mother said—'Go and tell your brethren those things which you see and hear. The blind receive their sight, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised, and the poor have the gospel preached to them ; and blessed is he whosoever is not offended in me.' In her instructions and labors for the increase of the gospel among the young believers, she spared no time nor care. To those who came to see her she would say,—The gospel is the greatest treasure that souls can possess ; go home and be faithful; put your hands at work and your heart to God. Beware of covetousness, which is as the sin of witchcraft; if you have anything to spare, give it to the poor. Mother's industry, prr.dence and economy were equal to her zeal, humility and charity, so that, in all things she was a pattern of godliness, and showed herself to be a Mother, indeed, in every good word and work. As the Lord Je- SHAKER MANIFESTO. 37 sus set an example of righteousness to all men, and instructed all believers to follow his footsteps in order to find acceptance with God ; so Mother Ann set an example of righteousness to all women, and instructed all her followers to take up the same cross, in order to find their relation with Christ. Do your work, said Mother, as though you had a thousand years to live, and as you would if you knew you must die tomorrow.