Select BOYS AND THIMBLES Girls' work and boys' work is not likely to be so separate as it has been. It is now recommended that girls learn to drive nails, to sharpen knives, prune grape-vines; then, sure enough, why should not boys practise with needles and thimbles? No man can, like the writer, live sixty years, without often wishing he had learned to use a sewing-thimble well in his early boyhood, especially if he has gone about the world much. Buttons will come off, stitches will break, and how handy it is for boys at school, for men at a hotel, at a friend's house, indeed anywhere away from home—often at home—to be able to whip on a button, stop a starting rent, and do many other little sewings, without calling on a woman, or perchance sending for a tailor, before being able to appear at a hotel table. One seldom if ever, learns to use a thimble, if this part of his education has been neglected in small boyhood. The writer has travelled a good deal, and at a rough guess he has broken threads at least five hundred times in attempting to work a needle through a button or garment without a thimble. Boys, take our advice, and every one of you learn to use a thimble well before you grow up. Do it this very Winter; it is not feminine to do so. Do it, and if you live long, you will many times thank us for this advice.—Am.Agri. CLEANLINESS As a rule, every boy and girl, every young man and woman who will, can have clean clothes, a clean body, clean face, hands and feet, clean teeth, and a clean sweet breath. Now, in your own mind, contrast cleanliness with its opposite. If we were only seeking to please the eye, the former is worth all the care necessary to secure it; we go farther than this, however. No one can be careless of his person, and unclean in his habits, without producing or perpetuating like disorder in mind, and in all he does. Our bodies are covered with innumerable pores or holes, so small that the naked eye can not see thejn, and through these there is, or should be, a constant passage of effete dead matter. In warm weather we are made sensible of this fact by the perspiration which stands upon our faces and hands, or saturates our clothes. This effort of the system to cleanse itself inside is constant, whether we know it or not. Suppose now that you neglect to keep your body clean outside ; these little holes are stopped, the dead matter which should come out is kept in, the blood becomes impure, the brain wearies or gets lazy, we are lazy all over; then we are slack and careless; we do not like to study or think, even of nice things, and so we are injured all through if we do not keep the surface of the body clean. Of course, while we are at work or play, we get our clothes, face and hands soiled, and sometimes our whole bodies are covered with dust and perspiration; then what a luxury it is to bathe ! It is not bad that we sometimes get dirt on us while doing our duty, but it is bad to be careless and let it remain there.—The Guard The man who sneaks through life... The man who sneaks through life, unwilling to express his genuine sentiments through fear of becoming unpopular with the rabble, is beneath the respect of every intelligent individual, and should be ostracized by all truly intellectual persons. The Platonist