Farm and Garden SILO The South Family at Enfield, N. H. built a Silo the past season, nine by eleven feet square, and thirty feet deep. The foundation was laid in the cellar of the barn, of cobble stone, mixed with cement. The walls at the base are one foot thick and continue the same to the height of some seven feet, when they are changed to ten inches in thickness. They are formed of Newark cement, sand, gravel and stone. Doors open into the Silo from the feeding floor above the cows, and also on the same floor where the cattle stand, which makes it quite convenient for those who have charge of the stock. The Silo holds about seventy tons of corn fodder, which was cut up very fine by passing through a machine. While the reduced stalks were being thrown into the Silo, two men were employed to even it and keep on a constant march that it might be thoroughly filled in all parts. A covering of planks was placed over the cut fodder, and on these a weight of three tons. To obtain this pressure, barrels were filled with sand. In five days the mass had settled some seven feet. Tour more tons pressure was now added and at the end of foiir weeks it had settled, in all, fourteen feet. The Silo was closed on the 27th. of Sept. and opened on the 17th. of Nov.. That which was deposited as corn stalks, is now taken out under the name of Ensilage. Although the mass had changed to a much lighter color, yet there were no signs of mould. A peculiar odor escapes from the Ensilage, while to the taste it has a slight acidity. Ten cows were selected and an average of twenty pounds of Ensilage were fed to each one, three times a day. Once each day these same animals were allowed a light feeding of poor hay. The preparation is eaten very greedily, by the cows, and all have given an increase in the quantity of milk. The herdsman was very anxious to have us see 'our ensilage calf.' Supposing that he might be experimenting on one of his yearlings, we were interested to see the result; but 'our ensilage calf 'proved to be only some two weeks old, and a splendid little animal. He was full of life and could hardly be quieted long enough for an exhibition. The herdsman thought we need not fear so long as a calf, from a cow fed on ensilage, could give such signs of health and strength. 'Great expectations' follow all this, and the eyes of the farmer sparkle at the thought of his coming prosperity. Enfield, N. H.