Correspondence GOD NO RESPECTER OF PERSONS Wm. E. Williams That the Nineteenth Century is an age of progress, perhaps no one wall doubt; but notwithstanding the numerous improvements, reforms, and advantages of civilization of this period, many of the errors and evils of the past still remain; while education and refinement has increased at a wonderful rate, still we have not yet arrived at perfection. Man's greatest interest is ; his spiritual,—his eternal; his lesser, his temporal, but, as a general thing the latter has more importance attached to it than the former,—at least in practice, if not professedly. There are thousands calling themselves Christians resting in the assurance that faith saves them: and gives a right and title to heaven; that only to trust Christ without the least regard to following his example, or living as he did, going about doing good, gives a passport to the eternal world. How contrary to the commands of Christ; how at variance with the gospel teachings is much of the doctrine and instruction of the pulpits of today; yes how inconsistant with the pure and noble Christ, who healed the sick, fed the hungry, clothed the naked, and bestowed temporal as well as spiritual blessings. How beautiful the character of Christ, ever ready to cheer by word and action : no pride, no malice or selfishness. Oh!—what a lesson for the churches, and their fashionable congregations, who have virtually closed their doors upon the poor, and expunged from the bible the second chapter of the epistle of James. The grandest type of Christ, to me, is that found in the good Samaritan. How eloquent was that sermon of deeds to the wounded man. The promises of God are conditional; We are told to strive, to seek, to search, to work in the Lord's vineyard, as well as pray, to watch and pray to be not weary in well doing, to be diligent in business, to love one another, to be zealous and active in good works. The gospel declares that profession or faith without love is as sounding brass. Faith and good works are twin sisters, always walking hand in hand. When? oh, when, will the present, hollow, shallow, formal so called Christianity, die out and the pure and simple truths of the gospel, that of love, peace and brotherhood be taught and practiced. God is love, God is a spirit, and they that worship him, must do so in spirit and in truth. Faith is the corner stone and foundation, and must be laid first, before the super-structure is built, good works must follow, or the stone is laid in vain, is but a monument of folly. Welcome the day that ushers in the true and simple religion of love to God and man. As the tree is known by its fruits—so a genuine saving faith, acceptable to God demonstrates itself by a labor of love, when churches cease to respect wealth instead of worth and virtue, when the Church worships no longer broadcloth, silk, jewelry, money and real estate, but extends a welcome to the poor,—looking only to the interest of the souls of men, without regard to social condition, when brotherly love, shall take the place of strife, hatred and envy. Then shall our souls rejoice and looking upwards exclaim, 'Glory to God in the highest, and on earth, peace—good will toward men.' St. Louis, Mo. Shaker Village, N. H. 1882 Shaker Village, N. H. 1882 Dear Eldress Polly :— Lovely representative of the Christian faith, we feel more strongly than ever today that you are with us, that today your peaceful influence sheds tranquillity upon our sorrowing spirits and we are thus rendered better able to realize the happy issue of a pious life. We feel the depth of your sympathy, the strength of your love, the wealth of that impartial jnstice which ever characterized your every deed. Here then, let us, Brethren and Sisters on this befitting occasion present a tribute of gratitude due from every one who has shared the society of our beautiful Sister. Accept a united thank offering dear one from your hundred fold relation of brothers and sisters, and be assured, that although we deeply lament that Death has so soon veiled from us the mortal, we shall cherish your SHAKER MANIFESTO. 43 memory as a sacred reality, and strive to perpetuate your good example by a virtuous activity in every duty. We glory in your success as a Christian woman, as an exponent of the virgin life which you have maintained inviolate for at least forty years. Your reward is freedom from the slavery of sin, your crown immortal life. We may not attempt to enumerate your excellencies nor recount your many good deeds, for, Are they not written upon the tablet of each filial heart? Are they not inscribed on eternal records? In the language of Revelation we repeat, 'Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord.' Rev. xiv,—13. Canterbury, N. H.