Letter Box Enfield, Conn. Dec. 1881 Daniel Orcutt Enfield, Conn. Dec. 1881 Beloved Sister E. Your excellent letter came duly to hand. I rejoice to know that your 'spiritual parents are the treasures that lie nearest to your heart.' Whatever coming time may bring you, whatever may be your circumstances in life, you honor yourself best, when you honor your spiritual guardians. Filial duty is due to them, and it should not be set aside. They will tarry with you but a short time. Oh, make for them a joyful time. Aid them down the the hill of life. Eulogize them now. Keserve not cheering words till they reach the 'summer land.' Treasure their wise counsel as a rich legacy. They are noble examples of virtue. Strive for what nearness you may attain. Their work on earth will soon close. Many valuable lessons will you learn from them, I know. You will never wish you had done less to make them happy. Make their days golden days. Deal true affection and love to them, as they have dealt to you Be your trials great, and your conflicts many, forget not your gospel parents. Accept their gracious dealing; it will fit you to be 'a living stone' in God's holy temple. As you have been led gently by the hand, gently lead, and your reward will be in proportion. Accept my heartfelt desires, and my earnest prayers, for your continued increase in the way of God. Your Brother, Shaker Village, N. H. Dec. 1881 S. Shaker Village, N. H. Dec. 1881 My Dear little L. I have just been reading the pretty letter you wrote me last Sunday in which you say you would like an answer. This is not strange, for your little sheet looked very nice, and for the care you took I love to give you a reply. Did you ever see any flowers like .the ones I send you with this letter? I think I hear you say.—'0, indeed, I have. A great many grow under the peach trees north of our house.' Don't you like to look into their little faces and see them laugh so sweetly? Ah, my little L.— laughing flowers are pretty but I think good and kind little children are much prettier, Don't you? I am glad you have such a good home. Give my kindest love to your dear teachers as well as to your companions, and remember, my child, that for you to be good and happy is the wish of all your friends. Good bye, Shaker Village, N. H. Jan. 1882 H. Shaker Village, N. H. Jan. 1882 My Darling little Girl ;— What nice little girls I can claim for my sisters. Eeally, I feel quite rich when I count you all mine and ours. What would our home be without the children and what will Heaven be unless you are all there? It is the first month of the New Year, in which I trust you have commenced to be real happy. Happy because you are trying to be good and have such a beautiful home. You wished me to write you a letter. This is such a good wish, that I think it worthy of notice. It does not seem very long since I too was one of the little girls, and can well remember just how pleased I was when receiving my first letter, with my name superscribed on the envelope. I felt quite womanly but acted very much like a child, clapping my hands, and jumping with delight. So you see I know just what such wishes are. I have always preserved my letters many having been written by precious friends who have passed on to their Spirit Home. My ittle sister must learn to be a nice letter vriter, and perhaps you will write one to your sister H.— at some future time. Im&gt;rove all your golden opportunities in your nany happy schools and be like the busy litle bee gathering honey from the fragrant flowers Gather all the good you can fromyour many friends, and lose no opportunity or doing a kind act. I love your cheerful Good Morning, and your pleasant Good Night. I hope you will always be such a good little child that you an meet your sisters with happy expressions, 'hen you will be our sunbeam giving brightness to the home, and carrying joy to the Angels. Please give my love to your faithful Teach SHAKER MANIFESTO. 45 ers. They are all very dear to me, also take your loving companions by the hand, and give them my love. As I kneel in prayer I ask the protection of guardian spirits upon all of them. Lovingly your Sister,