Letter Box Enfield, Conn. Dec. 1881 Daniel Orcutt Enfield, Conn. Dec. 1881 Beloved Sister E. Your excellent letter came duly to hand. I rejoice to know that your 'spiritual parents are the treasures that lie nearest to your heart.' Whatever coming time may bring you, whatever may be your circumstances in life, you honor yourself best, when you honor your spiritual guardians. Filial duty is due to them, and it should not be set aside. They will tarry with you but a short time. Oh, make for them a joyful time. Aid them down the the hill of life. Eulogize them now. Keserve not cheering words till they reach the 'summer land.' Treasure their wise counsel as a rich legacy. They are noble examples of virtue. Strive for what nearness you may attain. Their work on earth will soon close. Many valuable lessons will you learn from them, I know. You will never wish you had done less to make them happy. Make their days golden days. Deal true affection and love to them, as they have dealt to you Be your trials great, and your conflicts many, forget not your gospel parents. Accept their gracious dealing; it will fit you to be 'a living stone' in God's holy temple. As you have been led gently by the hand, gently lead, and your reward will be in proportion. Accept my heartfelt desires, and my earnest prayers, for your continued increase in the way of God. Your Brother, Shaker Village, N. H. Dec. 1881 S. Shaker Village, N. H. Dec. 1881 My Dear little L. I have just been reading the pretty letter you wrote me last Sunday in which you say you would like an answer. This is not strange, for your little sheet looked very nice, and for the care you took I love to give you a reply. Did you ever see any flowers like .the ones I send you with this letter? I think I hear you say.—'0, indeed, I have. A great many grow under the peach trees north of our house.' Don't you like to look into their little faces and see them laugh so sweetly? Ah, my little L.— laughing flowers are pretty but I think good and kind little children are much prettier, Don't you? I am glad you have such a good home. Give my kindest love to your dear teachers as well as to your companions, and remember, my child, that for you to be good and happy is the wish of all your friends. Good bye,