A VETERAN'S OFFERING Olive Brown The following was presented, a few days since, by one of our dearly beloved sisters, in a Sabbath, devotional meeting. It contains so much love, light, and Christian Knowledge that we thought it worthy of publication. Wishing our little paper, God speed, sister Olive presents her offering, which is her soul breathing after a long and successful experience in the Believer's life.—A. D. Dear Brethren and Sisters :—My thoughts, this evening, are upon the many good things I would like to say, and upon the offering that I may be able to present. It is not that I may occupy any portion of time allotted to me as a specialty, but rather to be able to do good. For more than sixty years it has been my happy lot to be a privileged worshiper in our devotional meetings. Never have I grown weary, or failed to find spiritual support therein when I gave my mind to seek for good; and though I may not very often give expression to what I feel, it is not that I have found the strife of no avail, or have been disappointed in the daily reward of crossbearing. In reviewing my life with its many blessings, I find I have so much for which to be thankful, that it seems an urgent duty upon me, to speak often of SHAKER MANIFESTO. 31 the good way of the cross of self-denial. I wish that those who are just entering the strife, or who are bearing the burden in 'the heat of the day,' may be encouraged in the good work. It has been my aim to live an active life, spiritually, and equally so, temporally. I counted the cost at the beginning knowing that to possess the righteousness of a spotless, virgin life, I must sacrifice all that was in opposition to it; by so doing, the seeming cross has been pleasure, 'the yoke easy, and the burden light;'—and as age creeps over me, I do not find the way cheerless, or the fruits of my labor, 'nothing but leaves ;' for within my heart there is a wellspring of peace which nothing can destroy. As one among you that serveth, and as one who delights in the prosperity of a cause which has been 'a savor of life unto life' to me, I have a burden which I often wish to express. The question frequently arises in my mind; Are we truly, the followers of Christ that we may possess the sacred seal of discipleship which is, unselfish love for each other. Are we kind and forbearing ? Do we possess that charity which thinketh no evil, and which we all want extended to us ? Is it our meat aod drink to search for and speak of the good in our brethren and sisters ? Would we report an unfavorable or unpleasant story concerning them ? This subject has been a burden upon my mind, and I always feel to rebuke myself if I have, in the least, made a report that tends to the injury of any one. Of course, there are sometimes, duties to be done, but we ought to treat the failings of each other as though we were speaking of our own. This we are not apt to do in public, and it often takes much conscientious courage to find as much fault with ourselves as we deserve. Again, I ask, is there anything which will produce such a spiritual dearth as unkind or unpleasant feelings existing in the assembly? Did we ever read, or hear of a spiritual renewal among any denomination, where the unkind were not brought to repentance, and real or imaginary enemies, became reconciled? I am sure I can call for witnesses those who have been inhabitants of our home for years, and have seen in every spiritual awakening, Sweet Peace descend like a dove in our midst, and the voice of slander hushed ; verifying the truth of the proverb, that 'When a man's ways please the Lord, he maketh his enemies at peace with him.' This dear friends, is the burden of my mind. I love you with a love grown strong by the realization that we are toiling for the prize of 'salvation from sin.' My loving interest for Zion can never cease. I shall live with the hope and prayer that the spirit of the Lord may dwell with us, uniting us as the heart oi one. May it comfort the aged, strengthen those who with wearied step, carry the burdens of today, encourage and nourish the young who have not grown into the blissful knowledge of the truth of the cross of Christ. I ask in my prayer, O that I could do more for a cause that gives me peace and salvation, and prepares me for the company of the redeemed, when the gates of earth are closed upon me, and I enter the new spiritual life beyond. Your gospel sister, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.