RESPONSIVE Thomas Smith '¦'•Not authority for truth, hut truth for authority.'—Lucretia Mott. 'The despotism of custom is on t' e wane ; we are not content to know that things are, we ask whether they ought to be.' Among the many good things with which the November Manifesto, comes freighted, I see we again have the Bridegroom and Bride with us; excellent company, and a fruitful theme, although the article seems to be more of a correction of my humble self, than an answer to the questions propounded. Personally, I can afford to let Father Time correct the fact of my being young ; and if he will only deal as kindly with me, in his endeavors to convince me of the fact, that because I am young, therefore I cannot be 'clear, logical, and concise,' he will probably do it by some other method than by simple assertion. I accept always the spirit of correction, but I respectfully demur to the assumptions and conclusions reached by my good Elder in rectifying what he deems my mistakes ; he misapprehends me, in thinking that it was 'unintentional' on my part to use the following ; 'The cause seems to be that they restrict their ideas, beliefs, and rewards to very narrow circles ; a few are chosen, a few saved, one man or one woman controls the salvation of the world, or one set of men only, possess authority to interpret all truth, especially any new truth.' My Elder says 'exactly so,' quoting Jesus to sustain the clear cut position that Jesus and Ann attained, and gave the ultimatum of progress, thus reproducing the infallibility of Catholicism. I can see nothing in the Spirit of Christ as manifested in Jesus and Mother Ann to sustain any such claims. Jesus says, 'If I be lifted up I will draw all men unto me.'—'He that believeth on me, the works that I do he shall do also, and greater works ;' and how very different is the Spirit of John, xvi. 12, 26 SHAKER MANIFESTO. 13, 14. 'I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now, Howbeit, when he, the Spirit of Truth is come, he will guide you into all truth, for he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear, that he shall speak ; and he will shew you things to come, Pie shall glorify me, for he shall receive of mine, and shew it unto you.' This means progression. It seems to me that a bigoted spirit is both illogical and unchristian. Truth is universal in its action, and no man, or class of men hold the keys to lock or unlock her treasures. If to thus believe is to 'forget that wide is the gate, and broad is the way that leadeth to destruction, and many there be that go in thereat,' then I am sublimely ignorant. I concur with correction No. 2, in so far, that, if new men are needed in every age, 'they should be those who will more vigorously prosecute the work of our exemplars,' and they can safely build upon the foundations laid. As I have no desire to destroy these foundations I decline the honor of striving after this 'world's greatness and applause ;' believing with Jesus that in the truth are hid and will be continually revealed, 'all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge.' It must be that sometime, we shall have to do something besides lay foundations, these being only preliminary to the building, which will rise story above story, and is composed of many living stones, many brethren and sisters, of whom Jesus and Ann were only two stones, albeit the chief corner stones. The corrections of Nos. 3, 4, and 5, touch the vital question at issue, viz ; our religion has nothing to do with matters pertaining to this life, and the inference is drawn that whosoever meddles with these things is 'weak and defiled ;' it strikes me as not a very true or graceful assumption. 'Like causes produce like effects,' and if Jesus Christ was the product of the training of Israel for 3000 years, the same causes will produce in us like effects. He says, 'Jesus under the law was not our exemplar.' What does this mean? When was Jesus law-less, not under the Law ? Would it not be well to remember that it was after his baptism by John, after he was 'baptized by the Holy Ghost and fire into a resurrected life,' that he made his memorable declaration as to the value and stability of the Law and its hold upon his followers ? There is nothing to prove that at any subsequent period of his life, he classed the Law as a dead letter. Elder H. quotes me saying, 'Obedience to the higher law abrogated the lower penal law,' then says 'very true, whence then the necessity of blending with that which is confessed to have no existence?' 'This,' he says, 'is no play upon words but stubborn facts ;' either I have been very unfortunate in conveying my ideas, or else my words are very much misconstrued. In speaking of the higher law of the Mosaic dispensation, as distinguished from the lower penal law, which was framed to punish infractions of that higher revealed law, I did not refer at all to the Spiritual Law of Christ's Kingdom. This lower penal law of ceremony and punishment, added because of transgression— necessarily disappeared (to him,) when a man like Jesus came, who did not transgress, but fulfilled the higher law of the Mosaic dispensation. Of course he did not need to embody in his kingdom the SHAKER MANIFESTO. 27 lower, penal law. He had no need for it, it was made for the transgressor; but the higher laws of life, pertaining to the earth, to generation, food, property, health, government, the land etc. in fact, every thing upon which depended human life and comfort, was as much to be embodied in His Spiritual Kingdom, as it was in the Mosaic, for the Law, as a foundation for the Gospel, was to go forth from Zion,—to where?—to the new earth, for the earth no less than the heavens was to be redeemed. In mistake No. 6. virtually the same question is up, only while Elder II. says that Mother Ann's followers do accept in its fullness, all the culture of the Mosaic work, as embodied in the testimony and life of Jesus Christ. I understand him to say, as an exponent of Her, that it is all foolishness. I wonder how long such arguments as he puts forward in regard to diet, will pass current among religious people for truth. It is exactly the argument of the medical profession in regard to Generation and Celibacy. Please note. 'Every thing is poisonous in too great quantity, and nothing is poisonous with proper quantity. What is considered the most virulent poison, sufficiently diluted, becomes harmless.' This diet question, with its concomitants was not only 'agitated in Christ's day,' but before, and ever since, and always will be, until settled by experience, truth, and science. In handling mistake No. 7. he is combating things of his own creating. I made no statement to warrant any such construction. I simply said, it is inconsistent to conclude that the restraints put upon generation under Moses, ended in the Gospel with total extinction ; and then to say, that the restraints put upon food, property, etc. under Moses, ended in the Gospel, in doing exactly as the Gentiles do in food, property, and agriculture. In mistake No. 8. he says, 'the removal of the flesh showed the weakness of the law, because the law supports the flesh.' This is strange reasoning. A law is framed to restrict, chasten, and condemn the flesh in all possible ways, and then forsooth, it supports it. How? There is no need of blending the two in the sense he speaks of, viz, the Flesh and Spirit, for God never yet destroyed in one dispensation, the good and truth of the preceeding dispensation. Perhaps my good Elder thinks it a simple way of disposing of great prophetic longings, the utterances of Prophets and Sages of past ages, and the revelation of John on Patmos ; to call it a 'lullaby,' and the old song of Moses ;' nevertheless, there are sincere and intelligent millions who long, hunger—for its consumation. In the discussion of truth, age disappears, personality or triumph is of no importance. In logic, as in Christ we are all one. I wish to disclaim all love or desire, for religious controversy, but with every intelligent being, I am anxious to know all truth, and it seems to me, very childish to stigmatize, as weak, and disloyal, a brother who may hold opinions differing from my own. If I might summarize my conclusions on these matters, they would run as follows ; on the one side, Jesus Christ and Mother Ann revealed all truth ; gave us all that we need ; all God has for us ; no need of any further progress. If this be true succeeding Elders hold all truth. This truth consists in living a celibate life, obeying without question, authority, then you will save your soul. 28 SHAKER MANIFESTO. Your body may suffer the torments of the damned ; disease and weakness may cripple useful lives ; egotism and bigotry may assume place and position; property may blind justice ; trade corrode the heart; selfishness dictate against a divine gift; human will shape government in its own interest; our crops may rot and fail; pestilence and pests wipe out of existence human beings and human toil, but with all these the Gospel has nothing to do. On the other hand, the Gospel of Christ is for all nations, kindred, tongues and peoples in all worlds ; it is broad, liberal and saving. Jesus is only our Elder Brother, Mother our Elder Sister ; they did their duty grandly and faithfully ; they spoke the truth committed to them ; did their work, and occupy a position in the plan of salvation, from which nothing can dislodge them. They only showed what other men and women would do when baptized with the same Christ Spirit, and actuated by the same devotion to truth and progress. They never closed the door to new truth. This Gospel is one of Peace, not only to the warrior, but to the whole earth, to all animated creation. It will conserve the welfare of the body as well as of the, soul; it will deal mercy in preference to animal slaughter ; will teach us to use all the blessings of life for human comfort; it will teach equality of the sexes in the administration of government ; show us that every age and epoch must have new revelations of truth to act upon, that these new truths are as essential as fresh air, or new machinery, or the thousand and one improvements which Progress has given us since Jesus lived. It teaches us that Christ is a Spirit that can reach the hearts of all men and women, baptizing them as it did Jesus and Ann. Does this deny Christ? So far from it, it exalts him into a far more potent power for good ; gives him a reverence so much superior to authoritative reverence, that all the tenderness and devotion of sincerity, responds to its call. This Spirit says to men and women associated under its organization. Ye are all Brethren and Sisters together, no one per se greater than another. These Brethren and Sisters choose the best and most unselfish to lead them, and they acknowledge the divine unction upon whomsoever the choice may rest; these leaders are not infallible men and women, who can do no wrong ; but are the uplifted ensign of a consecrated, devoted body of human souls, and responsible to that body, legally and morally. In this Spirit there is room for growth, not less obedience, but more, because of clearer conceptions of duty. There is room for a home to be developed wherein heaven on earth may be realized; a home where brethren and sisters can dwell together in unity, and reach out after every good thing ; where the greatest shall be least, or servant of all. May God speed the day when we shall actualize more of this home, where there shall 'nothing hurt or harm in all God's holy Mountain ;' wThere even the 'pots in the kitchen shall have Holiness unto the Lord written upon them;' where all men and women shall be taught of the Spirit, needing neither Priest or infallible Pope; building up no more Catholic Systems, but a brotherhood and sisterhood in God. Canaan, N. Y.