AMERICAN INSTITUTIONS: Where they are defective, and the Remedy Antoinette Doolittle To the Editor of the Brooklyn Eagle: America is a great land, with her millions of inhabitants, her boundaries reaching from sea to sea, her trade and traffic almost beyond the limit of computation, and her vast resources inexhaustible. Her heavily laden ships of commerce are seen upon many waters. Her schools, seminaries and colleges are numerous, and are yearly expanding and widening their doors to admit more students ; and as fast as one class finish their course of studies, and vacate their seats, others hasten to fill them. If lessons of real virtue and integrity should be learned and accompany all upon their egress from the popular institutions of learning, our country would be filled with bright, intellectual stars, studding the moral universe. As it is, thousands upon thousands emerge from the seats of learning, and launch out upon the world with cultured intellect, and to them, and to incoming generations, the nation looks for perpetuity and the maintenance of her free institutions. When we look over her large territories and compute the number of inhabitants of home born and those of foreign birth who have found our shores, and taken shelter under the American Government, and pledged allegiance thereto, the question is often asked with profound and prayerful solicitude : LiShall the republic live, and her free institutions be preserved?' Her governmental machinery has already been simplified, until it is vast in proportions and moves as many wheels within wheels. If anything occurs to clog or hinder the action of one of those wheels, the jar is felt, and causes agitation, if it does not throw the whole machinery into disorder and confusion, and result in revolution. In the past as in the present, this momentous burden and weighty responsibility rests upon the shoulders, and is intrusted to heads and hands of male rulers. The voice of woman is not heard in legislative halls—only as a special favor upon certain occasions, and by special request. Why this bondage and servitude on the part of woman ? Has she no heart to feel ? Is she destitute of reasoning powers, and unable to plead her own cause and the cause of her down trodden and oppressed sisters, who do not find redress from wrongs inflicted upon them at the tribunals, where male rulers alone preside, judge and decide? A change must and will come in this respect. Woman possesses latent powers that need to be brought into action, both for her own benefit and the good of humanity. Presidents and Government officials take their wives with them to the Capitol of the United States, but when they enter the executive chambers and legislative halls, it is more like gayly plumed show birds, to attract attention, and to listen to a finely framed speech from the lips of some eloquent male orator, than of feeling the weighty responsibility of helping to guard the nation's honor, and of co-operating with her brother man in sustaining and framing just laws. When woman is taken into the national councils and allowed to speak and act her part, she will think more of developing her mind than of decorating the outward form. Virtue is said to be a plant of slow growth. So we may think in regard to SHAKER MANIFESTO. 33 the rights of woman. Ever since Eden was despoiled of its beauty and glory by transgression and man's confession of his weakness, 'She gave and I did eat,' and a voice was heard saying : 'He shall rule over thee,' man has exercised his power over woman to a marked degree. On the American Continent as dense forests have been cleared and wildernesses turned into fruitful fields, and the march of civilization has been onward and upward, and religious freedom proclaimed through the Declaration of Independence, the iron chains which still bind and hold the female part of the population in the basest ignorance and servitude in the far East have been melting away as the ice bound streams yield to the rays of the sun in Springtime. What a notable change has been wrought in this respect within the last two decades. At that time, with the exception of Shakers and Quakers, it was of rare occurrence that woman's voice was heard, even from the freest platform then erected. Now, women lecturers are passing from village to village, and from city to city, and even to foreign lands, giving free expression to their thoughts concerning the problems of human life and its destiny, and are treated with courtesy. True, popular theologians and ministers of the gospel, according to St. Paul, strictly adhering to his opinion that woman's voice should not be heard in the churches, would not dare to allow a woman to occupy their pulpits, even for a limited space of time while they go to the seaside to recuperate, or to some hill or mountain to inhale the healthful breezes, and ward off malaria, or other physical diseases. Plow would it answer, seeing such is the case, if the female portion of the population who feel interested in the matter should withhold their contributions from the renowned chxirches, and create a fund of their own, and build a few small churches, wherein they could feel at home and give expression to their own religious views and convictions, if they have any, irrespective of the opinions or dictation of man ? Never mind if the steeple is omitted ; perhaps the Lord will be as well pleased without the tall spire as He wrould be with it. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.