IN LOVING KINDNESS As it is generally conceded that 'neatness is next to godliness ;' and, indeed, in close proximity to that Divine Light, would it not be well for those who assume to be good or godly, to take special thought having reference to personal cleanliness. To look forward, to grow in knowledge, and to anticipate a union with that which is holy and angelic, is as inherent in the minds of good men and women, as is life itself. It needs no especial or arbitrary law by which to force the individual to action, that he may discard that which is highly injurious to the system or injurious to the soul, for the spirit of intelligence awakens him to this necessity. There has been a time when wicked Christians and dirty saints were regarded with deference, but that same class, at the present day, are generally held at a ruinous discount. In our list of Society regulations we teach that no person should ever wear ragged garments, if consistent to avoid it, and the rule has a salutary effect upon the minds of those who have not, as yet, forsaken the slovenly features of their old inheritance. While it may be admissible and agreeable to the rules of propriety for every one to dress, for the time being, as their occupation would warrant, it can form no excuse for one to be present in company, at the table, or in divine Service with garments that are offensive through want of cleanliness ; and yet this is a common practice in both City and Village. The garments of the majority of worshipers, in almost any church, are noisome with exhalations of tobacco and the thousand and one odors which they readily absorb. A Believer in the testimony of our gospel work which is to redeem us from the careless ways of the world, can never allow himself to do that which will bring a stigma upon the holy life which he las espoused. Goodness and cleanliness must bear a very close relationship, and those who denominate themselves 'the chosen people of God' should zealously SHAKER MANIFESTO. 'exalt their God,' that others by seeing the fruits of a clean and disciplinary life may be led to accept the same. We speak of the 'great unwashed' and have reference to the masses who have but little regard for their bodies and possibly less for their souls, but to speak of those who have accepted the pure life of Jesus Christ, as their pattern, as unwashed or unkempt, is certainly a very inharmonious association. There can be no reasonable excuse in this day of multiplied conveniences for any person to neglect good sanitary rules which are so conducive to the best of salutary influences. Chastity of the body should be as thoroughly impressed upon the minds of those who are young as is that of purity of spirit. It was a wise remark of the Apostle, when he advised his brethren to present their bodies as a living sacrifice, holy and acceptable unto God. With this enlightened idea of duty as a Christian, we cannot for a moment suppose that the Apostle would allow himself in any habits or practice that would destroy him from being a holy and acceptable sacrifice. Shall we do less than did this man of two thousand years ago? 'Whether, therefore, ye eat or drink or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God.' The policy of the Manifesto, relative to religious and doctrinal matter, is to adhere closely to revealed truths in accordance with fundamental principles and to keep severely aloof from theological and questionable speculation. Contributions for the paper, for publication, should be forwarded, at least, two months previous to their issue. We hope Believers in all the Societies will promptly respond, relative to furnishing communications for the paper. We also hope they have each and all some good and suitable words to speak to the public. We doubt not, that among the many living spirits there are treasures that, perchance have long laid buried, awaiting the opportunity of publication; if so, let them appear now, on the house tops. We wish all may be blessed with pa tience and wisdom and fortitude. The interest we feel for Zion's welfare should prompt us to do the little we can, kindly and peacefully. We should be struggling to keep a gospel testimony and make some advancement in the Divine life. With this is our ever increasing love for all who are resolved to follow Christ and leave the world behind. We think that the Manifesto should be kept alive and that all the Societies should feel interested in trying to make it what they desire it should be. We should pray for its increasing success, and increasing circulation. The year just passed has been one of the most remarkable for singular and strange events. Storms on land and sea unprecedented in violence and destruction of life and property. Murders and robberies frequent and awful, and crimes of every description, yet while these judgments and calamities are abroad in the earth the inhabitants do not learn righteousness. O that God would send forth angels of conviction throughout the land to convict mankind of their sinful ways and turn their hearts to seek for the peaceable fruits of righteousness.