House-hold TO MAKE PORRIDGE The kettle must be clean, as the least roughness would cause the porridge to adhere to it and burn After the kettle is placed on the stove, put into it two quarts of clean water. While this is heating to a boiling point, mix together three table-spoonfuls of bolted wheat flour, and two of indian meal with cold water; being careful not to have it lumpy. This can be avoided by pouring in the water gradually, stirring at the same time to dissolve the flour. When the water in the kettle is boiling, pour in this mixture slowly, for thickening, stirring it all the time. Cover the kettle, and let it boil twenty minutes. Add one half pint of milk; let this boil ten minutes. Then salt it to the taste. 1^ is now ready for use. If more is made than we wish to use at that time, it should be put away in an earthen dish, in a cool place. In order to make a good article of porridge, it should be thoroughly boiled. If not, it has an uncooked taste, which is nut palatable. Vary from this recipe according to the quantity you desire to make. Canterbury. N. H. FRUIT CAKE lbs. of butter. I ' ' brown sugar. II ' ' flour. (i U it prrrr« u °P. 1 ' ' raisins. 1 ' ' currants. ^ ' ' citron. 1 cup molasses. 1 teaspoonful soda. .Spice to taste. A. H. OUR FLANNELS The value of flannel next the skin cannot be overrated. It is invaluable to persons of both sexes and all ages, in all countries, in all climates, at every season of the year, for the sick and well; in brief, I cannot conceive of any circumstances in which flannel next the skin is not a comfort and a scource of health. It should not be changed from thick to thin before the settled hot weather of the summer, which in our Northern States is not much before the middle of June, and often not before the first of July. And the flannels for the summer must not be three-quarters cotton, but they must be all woollen, if you would have the best protection. In the British army and navy, they make the wearing of flannel a point of discipline. During the hot season the ship doctor makes a daily examination of the men at unexpected hours, to make sure they have not left off their flannels. If you have a sore throat... If you have a sore throat, slight or serious, a piece of camphor gum as large as a pea kept in the mouth until dissolved, will give relief and oft-times cure. It is said on good authority, if the gufn is used in season, you will never have diphtheria—it is a good preventive.