MY BROTHER, MY SISTER AND MOTHER Whoever takes up the teachings of Jesus, for careful perusal, cannot fail to become interested in the manner in which he deals with every subject. Take, for instance, the fiftieth verse of the twelfth chapter of Matthew, and see how clearly he illustrates the relationship that belongs to those who would become the children of God. Whosoever doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven the same is my brother and sister and mother.—Matt. xii.—50. Nothing could have been more significant ; nothing could have been said that Avould have given a clearer representation of the position which Jesus held as a teacher of a new and living way. The old way, the cherished worldly way belonged to the Adamites and is said to have had its origin in the garden of Eden. Its whole being formed the paradise of the Jews. All the disciples belonged to this peculiar family of Hebrews, and under the discipline of the Mosaic law had been taught to manifest a great regard for their parents. 'Honor thy father and mother,' said Moses., 'that thy days may be long in the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee.' In the establishing of the law there had been a peculiar recognition of the duties that were to be enforced in the domestic relations. Indeed, the law seems to have been given expressly for an earthly existence, and for the welfare of the body. It defined what they should and what they should not eat and drink, and established a system of sanitary rules having direct reference to the clothing and to the ablution of the body. It was equally as explicit and as imperative in the relations which should be sustained between the parents and children. The willing and obedient were the only class who were promised the blessings of the land of Canaan. Jesus had grown up under the influence of this rigid law. His obedience to his parents and care for the discipline of his own life was so well ordered that the apostle thinks it worthy of a special notice. He was subject to his parents, says St. Luke, and increased in wisdom, and in favor with God and man. Thirty years of the life of this Carpenter's son had already passed when he began to preach. His baptism by John soon followed, after which he was called God's beloved Son. From this date the relationship which he had sustained, assumed a new form. He was now to be known not only as the son of Joseph and Mary, but he was in an exalted degree to be denominated the first born son of God. To do the will of his Heavenly Father now became the whole object of his life. Joseph had been lost from sight for several years and his brothers and sisters, are reported by the evangelists as 38 SHAKER MANIFESTO. not very friendly to his religious mission. His mother, however, was with him till the crucifixion. The text we have chosen was spoken at a time when Jesus was addressing a large body of people. Some one had informed him that his mother and his brethren were anxiously waiting to speak to him. Perhaps they had not realized, as yet, that he was divinely commissioned to establish a new and spiritual relation where the fatherhood and motherhood was to be centered in God. These brethren had only known him as one of the family of Joseph and Mary. Pie was, to them, Jesus the first born son of the carpenter. He had at one time made a singular remark, when much younger in years, and asked them if they did not know that he must be about his Father's business. Seemingly, making Joseph and Mary of but little consequence. Nothing farther, however, is known of his life for several years, or until the time of his baptism. Another opportunity was now offering itself, and being fully baptized into the spirit of the resurrection order, he gave an impressive lesson, which was not misunderstood by the multitude, nor by his own natural relation. 'Where is my mother' said he, 'and where are my brethren?' Risen as he had into the spirit of eternal life, all this relationship of the flesh, the inheritance of the old Adamic order, had been left to perish where it legitimately belonged. Stretching forth his hand towards his disciples, he said, 'Behold my mother and my brethren are those who do the will of my Father in heaven.' Nothing could have been more clearly expressed or brought more directly to the point, in demonstrating the relations of the earthly order and that of the Kingdom of God. It may not have been understood by the narrow and selfish minds of that day, as indeed, it is not understood by the narrow and selfish minds or this day. The universal love of God through the life of Jesus Christ must be lived to be known. There can be no compromise. One order belongs to the world and has its relations in the flesh, while the other belongs to Christ and has its relations in the spirit. Canterbury, N. H.