SOUL TRAVEL. No. 6 GILES B. AVERY Millions of people seem to move in this world as though entirely unconscious of the possession of &amp;, soul! Their thoughts appear concentered upon, and riveted in, the concerns of this present world ; their words are the expression only of animal desires, troubles or enjoyments, and the delights of sense in an individual, selfish, and narrow capacity; their acts manifest only a love of and desire for selfish pleasure and animal comforts, and, like the beast, when the measured portion to the individual is consumed, make a push to obtain and consume the portion allotted to a fellow creature. Soul emotions,—as sympathy for a fellow being, love to another, philanthropy that desires the happiness of a companion, or the human family at large, appears unknown to them ; to these realities of genuine humanitarian life they are, seemingly, as insensible as a statue ; consequently, to these, the idea of a soul travel, is as foreign as opposite polar attractions. SHAKER MANIFESTO. A language understandable by this class of the human family, if such may be called human, must of necessity, be something addressed to their animal sensibilities, either painful or pleasurable, hence, to these, at present, we do not appeal. But, to those who live conscious of soul, and spiritual conditions, we would desire to present, thoughts that kindle, and words that burn ! The goal to which genuine soul travel is progressing is the dominion of soul over the entire active domain of life, including the physical, mental and spiritual arenas, and the conformity of all, to the will and purpose of the Divine Mind, so that in all the directing energies of the soul, its interests shall have a singleness of purpose, to elevate and conform human destiny to the dignified and glorious pattern of the heavenly intelligences, fashioned in the image of God! For untold ages, the masses of mankind seem to have been chained to the car of self-love, self-greed, and narrow self pleasure ; this has impeded the car of true heavenly progress, manacled the hands of philanthropy,, and fettered the feet of benevolence, so that they could not pass beyond the boundary line of 'mewm et teum.' Shall earth forever be the 'pent up Utica' of the dark death gorge of self? May neither the thunderings of the Law from Sinai; the wailings of the Lone Wanderer of leathern girdle locust and wild honey proscription and penetential baptism ; the bloody sweat prayers, in humanitarian agony and plaintive pleadings of the reviled 'King of the Jews' and 'Father of the New Creation ;' the blood shedding racked and torn suffering martyrs sacrifices, and examples of selfabnegation ; the prison bound, rared, and persecuted Mother Spirit—the Bride of the Lamb of God ; nor yet the gentle knockings for admittance, and the soft melodious strains of the harps of pleading ministering angels from the heavenly shores of Paradise. Shall not a combination of all these forces, at length move man from his fortress of selfish animalism, and give his soul a birth into a new, heavenly, and angelic life? Is the tortoise like shell of animalism, or the salamander scales of bigotry and selfishness so impenetrable that neither the fires of judgment, nor the waters of the sweet river of life that makes glad the inhabitants of the City of God can reach the incased human soul, and emancipate it from its tomb of death ? Have the Children of earth no access to the angel whose vial holds the panacea for these • sufferings ; these woes of unnumbered ages ? A writer has recently remarked. 'The Church seems to totter to its fall; the soul is not preached ; almost all life is extinct; what hold the public worship had on man is largely lost, it ceases to keep a grasp on the affections, of the good, and the fears of the bad.' 0 let the Earth open her mouth in prayer, let the Heavens distill the dews of repentance, and rain down the manna of God's tender melting love ! O ye angels who fly in the midst of Heaven, having in your censers live coals from off* the altar of God's baptismal furnace, we Dray thee, in thy merciful and , tender kindness, kindle in the souls of men a desire for salvation from the perils of sin ; ift them up out of the prisons of corruption, into the light and love of Heaven ! Bestow some heavenly amulet to 34 SHAKER MANIFESTO. 35 save from the desolations of sin's betrayal ! Display some Divine charm which shall irresistably win, to the safe portals of the blest, souls who are now sailing on the passion stormed sea of life! Light the way of soul travelers, that they may. see how to choose '¦Wisdom's ways of pleasantness' and love to walk in 'all her paths of peace.' Those Soul travelers, who, in the journey of life so move that all the passional impulses of the lower life motives are .subordinated to the dictates of purity, peace and heavenly righteousness, whose loves are fixed upon objects and purposes above mere selfish interests, and directed to the well doing and well being of the human family, who so command the emotions of the heart—the internal man, that its every desire and motive is to do good to fellow man, and all the inferior creation :f God, those souls are journeying to a vitalizing, eternizing heavenly purpose. This order of soul travel so governs the tongue that no evil speaking, backbiting, revenge, hatred, animosity or unki::dness, finds expression but its language is pure, true, and lovely. This travel so dictates the mind that its intuitions and inspirations are conformable to God's thought, and humanities' heavenly weal, so that, in truth, the individual lives in those heavenly conditions of physical, moral and spiritual well being, and well doing, which elevate, ennoble, and bless the whole race of mankind. By such a soul traveler, life's daily toils, in all the minutia of servitude, in social, conventional, or religious communion, one pure motive, directs every pulsation of life, and that is, the happiness of the whole human family. Such a Soul traveler is cheerful in giving up time, life, treasure, all, all that can contribute to the good of the human race, and culminate in the glory of God, and rejoices in the sacrifice. These Soul travelers inherit the fulfillment of the heavenly promise. 'Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God.' And these not only see God, but walk with Him in their hourly occupations. His spirit energizes every effort in their life's eventful journey. Such have not one life for God and another for the world, but every footstep is a walk with God ; in Him they live, and move, and have their being; these may sing with the poet. 'God is never so far off As even to be near, He dwells within, our spirit is, The house He holds most dear, To think of Him as by our side, Is almost as untrue, As to remove His throne beyond, Those skies of starry blue. So while the worldling's worldly self, Is homeless, 'lorn and weary Missing his joy,. I walked the earth Myself God's sanctuary!' Faber. Zion, Be thou peopled with souls like these and thou wilt be the city of God, where saints find heavenly rest, and angels disseminate the blessings of the Heavenly Parentage. Let earth be blest with such .soul travelers, . and the Kingdom of Heaven will be found thereon. Such souls stand on Ezekiel's visionary 'sea of glass mingled with fire,'—the word of truth. Seen and known by each other as Servants of the living loving God. Thus mutual confidence would be reciprocated, and the reign of God's love be perpetual and supreme. O Earth, Earth ! Lift up thy soul in prayer for the advent of this glorious dispensation of God's mercies. And O ye Heavens condescend thus low to stoop and listen to the pleadings of thy prophetic Heritage. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.