WILLIAM G. LIBBEY was born in Lowell, Mass. Oct. 3, 1820. He obtained the privileges of a common school education, and made himself a useful member of his father's family. At the age of twenty two years he entered service in a whaling expedition on the Pacific Ocean, where he met with some thrilling adventures, as recorded in the narrative entitled, 'Autobiography of a Quondam Sailor.' [See Shaker Manifesto of 1878.] In the Spring of 1844, he left his sea-faring occupation and visiting the Society of Shakers in Mer. Co., N. H. ; became a member of the fraternity, and a consistent Christian, to which he steadfastly adhered through life. In Oct. 1848, he was appointed associate Elder at the Second Family, in which place he remained till June, 1852, when he returned to the Novitiate Order. In 1858, he was appointed to the Elder's Order of the North Family, which office he filled till Feb., 1864, when he again moved to the Second Family to live with Elder Eli Kidder. In Nov. 18G7, he returned to the North Family and was appointed to the Order of Elders and to the charge of the Family. In 1870, he moved to the Church Family, and in July 1871, again moved to the Second. In June, 1874, he returned to the Church. April, 1875, he made a journey to South Un- SHAKER MANIFESTO. 39 ion, Ky., and resided in the Church Family till Feb. 1876, when he again returned to Canterbury. During all these years of official duty, his life has been one of integrity and uprightness. He was a dear friend and father to those of younger years. 'None knew him but to love him.' He was genial and affable and very unassuming. His conversation was chaste, and his conduct discreet as became his profession. We regret our loss in parting with him visibly, but pray that his chastened spirit may still be with us and aid us in our efforts to promote and extend the cause of genuine Christianity. A few days before his decease, he commenced the following letter to the sister who had taken charge of his wardrobe ; but being unable to use the pen, he dictated the re' mainder. Shaker Village, N. H. Dec. 1881. Beloved Sister, A ;—I intended, long ago, to have written a response to your beautiful Christmas gift of last year, but have neglected it from time to time, and now it is too late. But as sister A. steps in I will ask her to finish my sheet,—to express in a few simple, words, my deep affection and regard for you and for all the young sisters whom I have seen strive so nobly, to live according to the principles of virgin purity, and thus emulate the teachings of the good founder of our faith, Mother Ann Lee. I have watched your mental and spiritual growth with a great deal of interest, and nothing will add more to my happiness, in the life which I am to enter, than to realize that you remain true to your early vows. My last advice to each one of you is,—Be loyal to the high trust committed to you, for, let me assure you, you will never regret it. My own experience has been so blessed, so full of reward, that I can heartily recommend it to every young brother and sister. I have received so many kindnesses from each one of you, that I would be glad to thank you individually with my latest breath. I shall not leave your interests even though I exchange worlds, so to speak, but I shall be with you in every increasing step of gospel light and testimony. Please accept my love and thanks anew ; impart to every dear brother and sister in our good, 'sweet, Shaker home.' Remember my love in a special manner to the good sisters, L. A. and J. who are absent. I fear I may not live to make them welcome home. Your Brother. William. We can feelingly add in his behalf: Lamented, respected and honored, Dear Brother William goes home, Bearing the sheaves he has gathered Through faithfulness, wholly his own. Brighter than beams of the morning, Shall his soul's radiance become ; Freer than sunlight, his freedom. More boundless in joy his new home. Canterbury, N. H.