BEGINNINGS AND ISSUES A. G. HoLLISTER As the germs of a forest may be contained in a bushel of seed, so the issues, or lost things of life arise from small beginnings and gradually increase by the addition of many tributaries, any one of which may seem a trifle, but the sum total is no trifle. It has been said,—'Man is a bundle of habits.' Every moment of our waking hours strengthens some habit already formed, or sows the germ of a new one. The child that is properly born and tutored feels dependent and grows in obedience to guardians and superiors. But in youth, which is a transitional period, the germs of mental, moral and religious growth combine to form understanding, which then begins to unfold as a preparation for a more enlarged sphere of action. During this period of intensity the mind is often elevated on the summit of hope and expectancy, from wherce it surveys the future with rapturous gaze. The vision is strongly colored by the passions which are then vigorously pushing forward toward maturity. But like an untrained steed, the passions must be subdued and inured to useful labor before they can profit their owner or yield any abiding happiness that will satisfy the soul,—a happiness which will be brief or long according to the quality of the labor, and the motives that incite its performance. Experience shows that the day dreams and air built castles of untrained youth are illusive in the extreme, and when pursued, often end in bitter mortification and disappointment. The youthful mind is in a plastic state, and easily moulded, if it has been properly trained ; for its infant purposes are like bones in the gristle, but as habits form, they assume a control which is not easily changed. Evil habits like laziness, begin in cobwebs and end in chains. Good habits also spring from little things, that may be compared to seeds. Such are the influences contained in the counsels, precepts, restraints and corrections of parents, teachers and friends ;— and in the decisions of the judgment, formed by a consideration of consequences in the mind itself. Frequent reflection upon ones own conduct, its effect upon others, and a comparison with instruction received, and with convictions of duty, is a habit fruitful of good, and tends largely to improve and perfect character. 30 SHAKER MANIFESTO. Whatever instills virtuous principles and impresses the youthful mind with sufficient power to restrain its wayward tendencies, and pursue an upright course of self-denial, will be to future happiness and prosperity what learning a trade, is to the business of life. Correct moral habits of self-restraint, began in childhood, are of more real value to life than any endowments of wealth or of education, because the latter, however, useful as aids, cannot confer essential happiness, which is the desire of every creature.- Integrity, truthfulness, industry, philanthropy, temperance and self-control, are the ingredients of a good and therefore a peaceful and happy life. Though good habits are easier changed at maturity than bad ones, that which at first felt like the restraints of bondage, when it has become habitual, is like a wall of strength and protection against the snares and temptations of the carnal life, and turns at last to ornaments of beauty and glory. In this way the law of the Lord becomes a sure fortress into which the righteous run and are safe. Ungoverned children are void of gratitude because they learn to love only their own pleasures, and the ungratefiq are ever unhappy. Those who are wisely governed, love their instructors in proportion to the benefits received, however grievous may be the restraint or correction in the time of its application. Whom the Lord loveth He chasteneth, and scourgeth every son whom He receiveth. There is strength in the reproof of a friend, and chastening, even from an enemy, often braces the energies to new resolves to overcome Indolence, which is one of the greatest foes to happiness, and the progenitor and nurse of many others, all of whose kisses aXe dangerous in proportion to their sweetness. How important that the seed sown be carefully selected, for when sown, the seed of the Thistle and Deadly Nightshade may seem as harmless as wheat, but what contrast in their products and compensations. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.