Letter Box Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Amy Reed Mount Lebanon, N. Y. My Dear Young Friend;—Your effort to comfort and cheer those whom you esteem as parents, I much admire, and return many thanks for the lines addressed to me. I am glad to witness any young person consecrating her life and strength to noble purposes. I would encourage every resolve, knowing that an upright Christian life, freely rewards the heart thus dedicated; not only in that land beyond the river, but here in our present home, surrounded by loving friends whose affections prove truer than any worldly ties. I am happy to know that yours is ODIE.A.I'HS. SHAKER MANIFESTO. 69 the portion of the highly favored among earth's daughters. You have a Christian home where the highest opportunities for developing the spirit are given. Cherish, prize and use the means placed within your power, and your life will prove no blank, hut victory over every opposing element, will bequeath you laurels worth wearing. Remember, my young friend, the foundation of your strength lies in the blessing you draw from those veteran friends of whom you have spoken with so much reverence ; and your strict adherance to the principles which have made them glorious. I think of so many to whom I would love to breath sentiments of affection ! I cannot individualize, but trust you will be willing to express my love to all as you may have opportunity. I have much to be thankful for, when I on' ly stop to count over my blessings, and the darkest night always opens to the morning of a new day. Now to my dear sister C.—I would wish every blessing, while I trust by a good, virtuous life here, to meet in one spirit in the hereafter. In these wishes I remain your friend and sister, Shaker Village, N. H. Jan. 1882 Harry Shaker Village, N. H. Jan. 1882 Dear Mother, Mary Ann C ;—I send my love to you. I am pleased with those cards yoii sent me. When I am not in school I carry some wood to the Cottage, where sister Mary and sister Marcia live. Sunday, I learn a Bible text to speak in prayer meeting. Every Wednesday evening at 5 o'clock, the children have a singing school. I learn a good deal and I like to go to school every day. Last summer I watched the Honey Bees to see that the swarms did not fly away. Please give my love to sister Tamar. Thank her kindly for my pretty card. My love to you, my mother. Good bye. From your little boy.