Mt. Lebanon, Jan. 3, 1882 F. W. Evans Mt. Lebanon, Jan. 3, 1882 Esteemed Friend ;—Your letter of Dec. 27, came duly to hand. I have not before had time to answer it. It is an unique letter. You have formed a singular character, have had a strange history. The habit of moving has become second nature. Starting when you like and going where you please; perfectly independent, you refute Pope's axiom; 'God never formed an independent man.' How is it that a man, of your general intelligence, asks so Stupid a question (excuse the word, it is plain Saxon) as your first one ? 'Must quit all female society, moral and immoral, and associate only with men ! !' Is that what you have learned, the conclusion you have come to, after visiting so many Shaker Societies and assaying to unite with several of them ? I am afraid of you ! ! Do you recognize no relation of the sexes but the animal? Are men and 66 SHAKER MANIFESTO. women always to be animals, the Lords of animal nature ? If men and women are immortal in their existence, what will be the mode and functions of that existence, is a matter of some interest to rational thinking people. 'The Old Adam and New Adam.' 'The Old Man and New Man.' 'That which is natural first, afterwards, that which is spiritual.' Do these terms represent ideas? To me, they do. 'Dying daily, under a daily cross,' 'Crucifying the Old man, with his affections and Lusts,' is reality to a true Shaker. The Resurrection means a Spiritual Order, with a Spiritual relation of the Sexes. New Heavens and New Earth. I was under the impression, after about 50 years experience, that I had found a relation of a pure, heavenly quality, not to one woman only, but to an hundred fold, as compared with what the World's order affords. Am I mistaken? Do I 'associate with men only?' If what you write indicates your actual knowledge of Shakerism, you had better conclude that you know nothing, yet, as you ought to know, respecting our Order. 'Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard' the things God has prepared for his people, in this Resurrection ralation in the union of the Sexes, 'in the Lord.' Oneidaism turned the Grace of God into licentiousness, but it did not destroy the Grace of God. Shakers may make shipwreck of faith, as drunkards may make shipwreck of temperance, as the thief makes shipwreck of honesty. That destroyeth not true Shaker faith, true temperance, nor true honesty. 'Stopping the use of Tobacco ;' Is that such a dreadful thing ? A Temperance Lecturer, who goes about exhorting those who are ready to perish for want of strong drink, and with the social poverty and spiritual destitution of a system of false science, false religion and false Spiritualism, beginning by robbing human beings of the land, to which they have the same inalienable rights that they have to life itself; himself using tobacco ! ! I should suppose your words would choke you before they reached the ears of your fellow sensualists. Alcoholic preparations, Opium, Tobacco, even Licentiousness, are but substitutes for a substance that God has for his people. They inherit substance, having no need of miserable, Devil substitutes. They are satisfied with God's goodness, physically, morally, affectionately, spiritually. The Souls of the. Priests of the Resurrection Order, are 'satiated with fatness.' Even in the Natural Order, there are those who live intellectual Celibates, Platonists, like Andrew Jackson and Mary, who claim to have lived, for many years, in Platonic Love, as brother and sister but that does not constitute them Shakers. They are intermediate between the two Orders, Generative and Resurrection. From that class, Male and Female, when we have a true Republic, I looktto have all the Governmental Offices filled, leaving the married people at home to care for each other. 'Music to be sacrificed too;' I thought Shakers were among the most musical of people. For worshiping God with music and dancing, they have been persecuted by Antichristian sects. Perhaps you refer to Instrumental Music. That is only a matter of time, of wisdom. Many Societies have it; some not. If you have $500 worth of Music, sell it, 'Drop the Lecture business.' I should suppose it would be a blessed SHAKER MANIFESTO. 67 thing to do that, for a goodly season. Paul did it, and all whom we have ever gathered, of Preachers, Lecturers, Exhorters, Reformers, have done it, until they have passed through the river of Judgment; the 'river of repentance, and become New creatures. I did it. Let all such first take the beam out of their own eyes, before they preach to, or attempt to rebuke others, lest they become castaways. What good of your 'Cash income ;' is it not the price of blood? What shall it profit a man, if he gain the whole world ; property wife, honors &amp; if thereby he lose his soul? When he enters the Spirit World, whose shall these things be? Without faith, you cannot please God, but will continue to please yourself. You must be the judge. Except a man forsake all he hath, can he be a Shaker? If living in possession of all those blessings, you are satisfied, what more do you want? Let well enough alone. Do not come here to be looking back to, and murmuring for, the good things of Egypt. While you have them, enjoy them. If you love them, more than you 'love me,' hold on to them, but know that sooner, or later, the end will come. You might anticipate that end ; might flee from the wrath to come, the wrath of your own soul against those things that will make its misery when death says, Come ! Should you desire still to come here, you may come as a probationary member. Thus doing, you run no risk of losing anything you possess. You may gain that which will be of more value to you than all the wisdom of this world, or all the gold of Ophir. If there be a work for you to do as an individual, first, and then a work for others, I know of no law against Love, nor against doing good. The whole world is to be redeemed. The harvests are ripe unto the sickle. We have prayed the Lord of the Harvest to send more laborers into the Field. If you are one of them, remember that whoso runneth a race, must observe the Laws of the Race Course, or he will not be successful. Now you run when no organization has sent you. You preach willingly, willfully, and have your reward ; a scattering Gospel. In much Love, your friend,