WHAT SHAKERISM TEACHES F. W. EVANS Shakerism is the Nazareth of Christendom. One hundred years ago the Christ Spirit, through Ann Lee, broke the seven seals with which the Little Book, written on the inside, the outside, on the backside, was sealed. The unlearned could not read this book, because they knew neither Greek nor Hebrew. Neither could the learned, because it was sealed. In the old heaven and old earth, there was not a man who could either open the book, or endure to look upon it, so as to read even what was written upon the outside thereof. It took a Christ woman to break the seals and begin to read its contents. What new theology did she read? If there are to be a new earth and new heaven in place of the State and Church that have hitherto ru?ed in the affairs of men, the first principles—foundations—of both the old and new should be clearly understood. Is it any marvel that the rulers in the old earth and heavens, Church and State, are not able to bear even a look into those principles that underlie the new order in Church and State, which will supplant the old? It is like the change in life relations at Pentecost, or as paganism passed away before what was called Christianity in the Roman Empire. All existing forms of Christianity, whether Catholic, Greek, or Protestant, are, in their essence, Church and State organizations. Collectively they are the Church in the Wilderness state—1260 years. This Church in the Wilderness claims authority, in the name of God, as against the right of private judgment in matters of faith and conscience. It assumes to regulate the human understanding. The subordinate Protestant sects—little images—protest against this claim to authority and infallibility on the part of the Greek and Catholic churches, while they, each in its sphere, exercise the same power as those churches, so far as they can control the State. They send heretics to prison in this world, and to 50 SHAKER MANIFESTO. an eternal hell in the next. It asserts that belief is a product of the will, not a result of evidence ; that salvation is a reward of belief, not the result of ceasing to do evil; while damnation, eternal hell, is the punishment for not believing some theological mystery that the teachers thereof don't profess to comprehend. It asserts that war is a Christian element ; the Church and State in one nation may properly wage Christian warfare with the Church and State of another nation, thus making hell upon earth. The Church, from the Catholic hierarchy to its least image, claims the right to use State laws and State power to restrain heretics, to support an inquisition. At present, in America, it seeks to inflict pecuniary loss, and to ostracize heretics from good society. This is only the beginning. The Church teaches, also, that there is no probation beyond the grave, no progression, at death eternal happiness, perfect and complete, or eternal hell fire, excruciating, helpless, hopeless, endless physical pain, and horrible mental agony. Finally, it teaches that the old earth and heavens, which are to be destroyed at the Day of Judgment, are the material earth and heavens. They will be burned with material fire, and all the physical bodies of past time will be reorganized. After being judged out of some big books, the righteous, sheep, will inherit the earth again, rejuvenated by fire. The wicked, goats, will go into a material lake of fire and brimstone everlastingly. Amen. What are the claims and principles of the new order in earth and heaven? 1. God is dual—Father and Mother. 2. Christ is not Jesus, but a Spirit that may be in each human soul as really, practically, as it wras in Jesus. 3. No man or woman is a sinner until he or she willfully commit sin, nor any longer than the sin is persisted in. Total depravity does not exist. 4. Repentance goes with existence, and the mercy of God endureth forever in all worlds. 5. There are many heavens and hells. Those in the heavens and hells of one dispensation or degree may be gathered into the heavens of the succeeding dispensation or degree, as scholars may leave the ignorance, errors, and faults of one class, or school, by going up. 6. The Church, Christianity, when first seen was pure and holy, like a woman clothed with the sun, standing upon the moon, a::d crowned with twelve stars. When she formed improper connections, she was called hard names. The Shaker Church has the moon under her feet—lets it alone, and desires that all other sects and peoples of earth shall let it alone, and leave us a pure secular government that takes cognizance of no theological sin. I propose to pile up evidence, add line to line, precept to precept, confirmation to demonstration, until such men as Ingersoll are conquered ; and if it cannot be effected in any other way, to be so good and do so much good that if they believe not my words, they will yet believe for the works' sake, in a word, to overcome what I think evil in them by what they think good in me Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.