JOB BISHOP HENRY C. BLINN BT Although it has been the pleasure of the Societies of Canterbury and Enfield to write upon their records many valuable names of the pioneers of their gospel work, yet none occupy a more endearing place in their memories than that of Father Job Bishop. He was born in New Lebanon, N. Y. Sep. 29, 1760. His early years were spent with his parents, and so soon as his age permitted, he assisted his father in his work on the farm. In 1779 he became quite interested in a religious revival of which he writes, I entered fully into the spirit of the work, and received great light. I was often blessed with the presence of the spirit of God, and believed that the gospel of Christ required a daily cross against sin. Although zealous prayers and religious exercises often had the effect to produce spiritual sensations, yet they were not permanent and left me a subject to temptations. I was encouraged by the revival to look forward with hope for a manifestation of the light of God, and fully believed that the second coming of Christ was near at hand. Elder Joseph Meacham who was one of the principle leaders in the revival warned us to take heed, that we might not oppose the work of God, as it was revealed to us. He believed that in this work, a virgin life would be required, but as he saw no way to protect the people in it, he thought it was not prudent to preach the doctrine. The spirit of this revival continued through the summer, and then gradually declined leaving its subjects in great tribulation. They had renounced the creeds and ceremonies of the chinches, but their meetings though still continued had lost their power. The speakers recently so active now sat in silence with bowed heads. Those who rose to speak of to pray lost the power of utterance and were obliged to resume their seats in silence. We passed the winter exhorting each other to faithfulness, while we anxiously waited for the accomplishment of the prophetic spirit of the revival. The work came. In the spring of 1780 we learned of a people near the city of Albany, N. Y. who were reported to have received a singular kind of religion, and that they possessed a large degree of divine light and spiritual power. Many went out to see them, and returned fully persuaded that they were the true witnesses of God. The interest increased and I felt a great desire to satisfy myself concerning these strangers and their religion. Early in June, in company with several others, I made them a visit. We arrived on Saturday evening and remained till Monday. We found them all kind and social. Elder James Whittaker explained to me the doctrine which they taught; reasoned from the scriptures and manifested great knowledge of the spirit and light of the gospel of Christ. We attended their meetings. The singing was inspiring, the speaking powerful and heart searching. The wisdom of their instructions, the purity of their doctrine, and the Christ like simplicity or their deportment, all reminded me of the apostolic faith. I returned home in a state of mind hardly to be described. A deep impression had been made upon my feelings, 54 SHAKER MANIFESTO. and a new scene had been opened to my view. I saw that the work was of God and my salvation depended upon it. The cross that was before me was an evidence of the spirit of the testimony. On the one hand the prospects of the world were nattering to my mind. I was in the prime of life, and in the vigor of health. My reputation was fair, and my hopes not unpromising. On the other hand religion had been my pursuit. The revival had raised my hopes, and directed my faith to a greater and more glorious work. I subsequently made another visit and was received with kindness. I confessed my sins to God, and with a fixed resolution accepted the cross of Christ. I was now taught to rectify every wrong that I had committed, to forsake all sin and to take up a daily cross. I also became more intimately acquainted with Mother Ann Lee and the Elders who were with her, and am a witness of the purity of life which they constantly maintained. The doctrine they taught was strictly conformable to the precepts and example of Jesus Christ. By obeying their precepts I experienced the truth of their testimony. I was blessed with heavenly visions and felt my faith established on a sure foundation. I visited Mother Ann and the Elders many times at Watervliet, Harvard, Ashfield, Hancock and New Lebanon, and have most freely associated with all the leading members of the Society. To my great satisfaction, I have seen that the principles which were first taught by Mother Ann have been faithfully kept by her successors. 'The three witnesses* who came from * Mother Ann Lee, Father William Lee and Father James Whittaker. England had all prophesied of a gathering of the Church into order. A successor to Father James, however, had not been appointed at the time of his deaJh, although Joseph Meacham had been named as an assistant in this great work. The prophecy concerning him had a corresponding bearing upon several others among whom we find Elders Calvin Harlow and David Meacham. 'As no preponderating excellence appeared where so much native talent and intellectual power were the endowment of each, combined apparently with equal religious zeal and spiritual attainment, it seemed impossible for aught save Divide Wisdom to decide the election. No eye but that which is single to the glory of God might look in upon that praying band, who were seeking to learn whom God had chosen to lead his people to the promised inheritance where all should share alike the blessings of a bounteous Providence, so great was the power manifested in the heavenly influence, so eloquent its utterances, so encouraging its promises that a beholder might well say as each declared the. message given, 'Surely the Lord hath chosen this' yet no such power was vouchsafed to the burdened spirit of the chosen one as he meekly listened to the divinely inspired eloquence of his fellow laborers. When all the candidates had ceased, still waiting for a decisive manifestation, the voice of a youth, Elder Job Bishop, was heard, calm and decided, declaring with a power which left not the shadow of a doubt on the mind of any present, that the silent listener, Joseph Meacham, was the anointed of God to lead his people.' Father Job always regarded this as a revelation from God. An out growth from their united prayers while in that SHAKER MANIFESTO. 55 sacred conference in the church at New Lebanon. Immediately after this prophetic announcement, Elder John Hocknell kneeled in prayer before the assembly, giving utterance to this expression only, 'Blessed be God.' Overshadowed with the divine presence these reverent and prayerful children of God fell upon their knees and the floor was wet with their tears. Giving his soul so unreservedly to a life of holiness, Father Job was made the happy recipient of the life of Christ and enjoyed a measure of that inspiration which Jesus said should follow those who believed in him. Although a thorough disciplinarian and a man of practical, sound judgment, yet through the illumination of the spirit he saw the visionary forms of many who had passed on to the land beyond. He would relate with much pleasure the spirit welcome that he and those with him, in the ministry, received while on a visit to the society at Harvard, Mass. No less than four of the first Elders manifested themselves so fully that Father Job was pleased to denominate it the most remarkable vision of God that he had ever received. (TO BE CONTINUED.)