CHRISTIAN EXPERIENCE: PATIENCE VINING Friend Editor ;—I am one of the few left of the eighteenth century. I have enjoyed the privilege of reading the Manifesto from its first number, and it has been a great pleasure to me. I now wish to add to it my mite by writing a short autobiography, including my experience as one of the witnesses for Truth and Righteousness. It may do a little good to some inquiring minds, to know that there are many that they have never heard from, who have lived for many years in the Society, and still feel thankful for their privilege, and for the protection of God particularly when age brings infirmities, that cannot be avoided. It is good to have kind friends ever near to smooth the roughness of the way. I was born in Lyden, Mass. Nov. 9, 1799. My father's name was John R. Vining, and my mother's, Rachel Field. There had been more or less acquaintance in the family with the Society of Shakers for many years. My mother, at one time, related to me a vision that she received previous to becoming a member of the Society. 'I saw a man standing in the center of the room. Again, I saw the same person standing in the highway. Hiss peculiar manner and appearance led me to invite him into the house. I now Sfav that he Avas a member of the Society of Shakers, and that his name was Benjamin S. Youngs.' Four years after this my parents, one brother, three sisters and the writer moved to the Society at Mt. Lebanon. It has now been but a few years since my parents passed from this life, a brother and two sisters have also gone before me. One sister still remains on the shores of time. My mother, at the time that I was two years of age made a visit to the Society at Enfield, Conn, and from this date my practical experience may be said to begin. When six years of age I urged my mother very strongly to let me go and live with the sisters, which request was fhWly granted. My experience of seventy six years includes many more blessings than I am able to recount. From the early date of six years I have been made the recipient of God's love, and the life of the Believer has been beautiful to me. My blessings have been abundant, and my days happier than those of Lords or Kings. When I was young I often saw brethren and sisters under the control of spirit influence, and was in a quandary for a long time wondering how a spirit could move a body without the will of the one moved. I made it a subject of prayer. One day while alone and in deep thought on this subject, I felt the manifestation of the spirit of God on my body and knew what it was. This proved satisfactory. I had received a spiritual baptism, and was never troubled any more about it. I have often read,—'There is no respect of persons with God.' Had there been I might never have been called into his fold of love, for as a child I was very rude. I will now close with this poem. The King may have his throne, And the miser his gold ; The monarch his palace And the princess her home. I covet none of theirs For I've a gospel call, And a kind loving mother That is better than them all. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.