Correspondence St. Kitts, British West Indies J. McNish St. Kitts, British West Indies November, 28, 1881. 5 Elder F. W. Evans, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Bear Friends: Your postal card, and the three pamphlets also, with your letter came safe to hand. I will hear by mail due here on 2.12, if my family received them at Bothwell. We have had three weeks rough seas and a half gale blowing so that I have not heard from our friends in Nevis, except one visit from a member of the meeting, just before your valued papers came ; but I told him to call at the post office at Charleston, as soon as the mail was in, as I knew there would be some matter for them from Mt. Lebanon. Thou wilt please accept my heartfelt thanks for thy prompt answer to my request. Thou knowest how very weak words are to express deep feeling. I was much pleased that it was in thy heart to write to me. I did not expect more than the pamphlets. I can assure thee I enjoyed thy lecture very much. Some matters are new to me and require to be well considered. The life of Mother Ann touches one and calls out our sympathies. I believe if our Lord was to come to earth this day, hj would be crucified again by the rigidly righteous. I am free to tell thee, they are being read by quite a number of people, and are passed from one to another as soon as read. It may be bread cast on the waters. Thinking men here who know the rottenness of these islands, say and feel the end cannot be far off. It was in my mind to speak with thee regarding what T. L. Harris says about Ann Lee, in the book 'The Two in One,' but will not enter upon that subject. I never heard even a hint as to the Duality of God, or that God was male and female—two in one—until I read it in Harris. To me these are new truth's, and some of them can only be comprehended as the Spirit gives me light. One thing is plain enough; let me live the life marked out, and by and by, that will bring confirmation. In the meantime, life is a hard fight, and it is hard to get along without in some way hurting your neighbor. I may tell thee frankly, the world is made up 64 SHAKER MANIFESTO. of two classes—those who eat and those who are eaten; if you don't eat yoii will be eaten. Quakerism was, and is said to be, Primitive Christianity revived. Since getting a glimpse of your system, I begin to think it was and is, Primitive Christianity revived, wanting the principal idea. Community of goods, or all things in common, 'Robert D. Owen tried it at Lanark, on the Clyde, but it was a sham and a show ; it was tried near to my home in Bothwell Parish, but broke up with loss. Land is required. If the present state of matters is to continue, we will see the next great movement in Britain to be the land question. The land belongs to the government for the benefit of the whole people. The mass of the present owners got it when Might was Right, and under conditions that have long passed away; but Right is coming to the front, and Might must go down. Had I got over to Nevis, I could have sent thee a fair account of how matters really stand, their number, character, and all particulars. I dare not judge, but we cannot shut our eyes to the state of matters around us. And I am much afraid few people in these islands are willing to sacrifice the animal nature in themselves. Climate, nay all around them is against it. One reason for the loss of shame (women don't know what modesty means) is, children in the country run naked up till four or five years of age. Little girls have generally a cover of cotton ; boys up till able to work a little have only a shirt, or trowsers in rags. I am speaking of the children of the estate hands, or laborers. I have no doubt from what I have heard, that the majority of children here know more of what lust and bestiality means than one-half of your people put together. It may be the result of slavery. No one works here if they can get along without it; and as no fire is required, and no bed clothes, little does them. A cane cut from the nearest cane-piece is quite sufficient for a day's provision, with a little bread. Indolence is so grafted into the nature of the people that to expect a fair day's work out of them is quite out of the question. Mark, I do not blame them. I have done hard work in factory life at home ; I have tried to work here, just to prove the matter to my own satisfaction. A white man cannot work in these islands, and I do not blame the colored people for doing just as little as they can. Just as in slavery times the hands are crowded into gangs. Young boys and girls pulling weeds and gathering stones, get about eight cents a day; women sixteen cents, and men from one to two shillings. All are paid by the piece. Dig so many holes for one shilling; if you are willing you may do two tasks. So with all the rest. , No laborer on these islands can get apiece of land to buy, or even to rent; if they do get a bit up the mountains, after they have brought it in from bush it is taken from them, so that few of them have a little bit The owners know that half an acre will make the laborer and his family independent for life ; for that half arcre will produce far more yams and sweet potatoes than will keep them, and from the overplus they can get salt fish, which is about all they get or require; or, now and again if they can kill a monkey, it makes a feast. At home I was a vegetarian, here I can't be. Unless an American schooner comes in we never see cabbage or any other vegetable. I had fully intended writing out an account of a trip I made on the first of this month to the little Dutch island of St. Eustacia, known as Statia, not that for one mo' ment I could expect to take up thy time in reading anything I could write, but thinking it is the only means in my power to prove that I feel grateful for thy kindness. I can assure thee the card brought a sort of peaceful feeling, or sphere, with it. I trust thou knowest something of this, as I have been sneered at for holding such an idea. The American steamer will not be here before tomorrow, but the post office closes the mails shortly, so I must close by simply saying, I feel much at thy kindness, and will try to deserve it. Thy obliged friend, Whatever is really useful is virtuous, though it does not at first seem so Cicero Whatever is really useful is virtuous, though it does not at first seem so.— Lowell, Mass. Dec. 27, 1881 Lowell, Mass. Dec. 27, 1881 Elder F. W. Evans, Dear Sir ;— This is to inform you of my whereabouts and that I have not forgotten you. I have had my land surveyed and expect to sell in a few days. Dear Sir, I will, herein, ask you a few questions, if you please. In the first place, if I come to live with you, I must quit all female society, moral or immoral, and associate with men only. Next, I must stop the use of Tobacco. Next, must live' that sober, industrious and retired life that I see among your people. Also drop all my Music, of which I have over $500, worth, and I am called a good Musician, a talent very much respected by the common people. Also, I must drop the Lecture Roll and attend strictly to the industrial duties of your Society, notwithstanding I have a cash income, sufficient to support me through life, without work. Under these circumstances, do you think it advisable for me to come and sacrifice all these so called blessings ? I presume I have all the natural instincts of the natural man. Will your sort of life become so unnatural and monotonous as to destroy all the beauties of this life ? I trust you will condescend to answer the above in your clear, honest way, and by so doing, not only oblige me, but prepare me better to know just what I am to meet, if I come with you. On sabbath, the 18th inst, I preached in Grand Army Hall, in this city, to a very large audience. Subject; Why stand ye idle. Last Sabbath, I spoke in Well's Hall, this city, before the Reform Club, of some 2000. Subject; Why do young men learn to drink ? To night, I am to speak in the Congregational Church, this city. Subject; Where is my Mother ? On Sabbath next, in the Well's Hall again. Subject; Prisons, Prisoners, and the great cause of crime. Again, will you be so kind as to enlighten me on the above subjects ? I don't want to come to you to bring discord among you nor to lead you in a new field. If I come, I want to do you good and make you happy, if possible. Sir, I look upon you as the great head of the Order, and to yoix I appeal for light on the subject. Your letter shall be strictly confidential. I still see those great golden Letters, Lebanon. What does it mean ? Please give my undivided Love to all your Family, especially to the good Brothers and Sisters with whom I spoke. Please answer and oblige your well wishing friend.