IN LOVING KINDNESS Before and above all religious Societies the Shakers should be the most earnest advocates of that discipline which incites in them the spirit of the life of Christ. The civilized world of today is well filled with a form of moralizing which savors very strongly of an order corresponding to that of those beautiful sepulchres to which Jesus so aptly referred. Among many the daily practical life of the Christian is becoming more or less obscured by the term of non essentials. If a man is able to reconcile his mind to the belief that his habits and practices are in accordance with a well regulated religious society, and all are made for the honor and glory of God, then his fortress stands upon a pretty firm foundation. Believers may not, however, be able in their communistic order, to accept the liberty of the radical or of the indifferent minds of other churches, as ours must be a united brotherhood and sisterhood in every temporal and spiritual dutySt. Paul's lesson to the Brethren in the church of Corinth was most excellent and charitable. He found that the members were not equally developed in understanding, and yet they were no less his brethren in Christ. He advised those who had a knowledge of some of the non-essentials to exercise a care lest 'by any means this liberty of yours become a stumbling block to those who are weak.' Then like a father in the Church, the good apostle makes this avowal in regard to the eating of meat which had been sacrificed to idols. If the eating of this meat maketh my brother to stumble, I will eat no more flesh forevermore. One of our religious exchanges pubishes this fact; 'The attendance upon church prayer meetings are mostly women, and the rest chiefly middle aged or old men.' As a matter of course the writer should know whereof he speaks. Possibly something more attractive than a 62 ADVERTISERS. TERMS. SHAKER MANIFESTO. 63 prayer meeting calls the attention, of the absent class, another way. Shall we not, as Believers, find in this a lesson which will admonish us to more carefulness ? We certainly need not fear to learn a good lesson, as taught by the experience of those not of our faith. We also have prayer meetings. Are they so organized that all wish to be present? Shall we not make them fruitful seasons of spiritual love and life, in which, every member of the household shall hold a privileged place ? The spirit of prayer must of necessity grow with a body of Christians as they grow in the spirit of righteousness. The explanation which Mother Ann gave to prayer is the embodiment of all that helps to lead the soul home to God. 'Every breath,' said she, 'is continual prayer to God.' It may take the form of a petition for protection, for guidance or for determined resolutions. Whatever it may be, let us give it as a free will offering to the cause of right and truth. A society of ladies in Washington, D. C. have organized themselves into a society under the name of 'Guardian Angels.' May the beautiful spirit of our Lord so inspire them with an abundance of his loving and saving grace, that they may be able to direct the wayward into the paths of righteousness and peace.