Juvenile WORDS, WORDS, WORDS! Much innocent gratification may be derived from getting a friend to read over the following, and holding the dictionary on him,— so says the Argonaut,—and then devotes a whole column to those who make merry over obscure sentences and illimitable words. We begin midway in the story,—'These peremptory tripartite brethren arrived at Greenwich, wishing to aggrandize themselves by indulging in exemplary relaxation, indicatory of implacable detestation of integral tergiversation and exotic intrigue. They fraternized with a phrenological har. lequin who was a connoisseur in mezzotint and falconry. This piquant person was heaping contumely and scathing raillery on an amateur in jugular recitative, who held that the Pharoahs of Asia were conversant with his theory that morphine and quinine were exorcists of bronchitis. ******* Meanwhile an unctuous orthoepist applied a homeopathic restorative to the retina of an objugatory spaniel. The best speller stands at the head of the class.—Here is the name of a German orga. nization. 'The Winterthurerhandwerksburschenvorwartsgrupp. A small Welsh village is named, Llanfairpwllgyllgogerpwllllandypilwgogo. Here is a passage from Mr. William Crookes :—Dinitroaniline, chloroxynapthalic acid, which may be used for coloring wool an intense red, and nitrophenylenediamine of chromatic brilliancy. An attractive volume is entitled 'Ontipericatametanaparbengedamphicribrationes.' Argonaut Hens C. Hens lay eggs and keep them warm. The hen will have some chickens and when they get old enough to go out the mother hen will take them out to walk in the fields and catch some grasshoppers to eat. Then they go and dig in the dirt and get some bugs and worms to eat. This is all I will say about hens now. FABLE: The Father and his Sons A father had a family of sons who were perpetually quarreling among themselves. When he failed to heal their disputes by his exhortations, he determined to give them a practical illustration of the evils of disunion and for this purpose he one day told them to bring him a bundle of sticks. When they had done so, he placed the faggot into the hands of each of them in succession, and ordered them to break it in pieces. They each tried with all their strength, and were not able to do it. He then took the sticks separately, one by one, and again put them into their hands, on which they broke them easily. He then addressed them : My sons, if you are of one mind, and unite to assist each other, you will be as this faggot, uninjured by all the attempts of your enemies ; but if you are divided among yourselves, you will be broken as easily as these sticks.—JEsop.