NOTES FROM THE LIFE EXPERIENCES OF MOTHER ANN LEE Great pains were taken by Mother and the Elders, to teach and instruct the Believers in the care and management of temporal things. They were often taught to be industrious ; to put their hands at work and their hearts to God ; to be neat and cleanly and to observe good economy. They should be prudent and saving and let nothing be lost or wasted through carelessness or neglect ; to avoid equally coveteousness and prodigality; to be kind and charitable to the poor and to keep clear of debt. These things wTere strictly enjoined upon the Believers, from time to time, as matters of special importance, in order to secure a spiritual blessing. It was always held as a doctrine of truth, and abundantly proved by experience, that those who were unfaithful in temporal things, could not find the blessing and protection of God in their spiritual work. It was essentially necessary in order to inherit the true riches that they should make a faithful and wise improvement of every talent and all their time. In addressing the sisters, Mother Ann said, Are you willing to be the daughters of Zii'n ; to be searched like Jerusalem with candles, and confess and forsake your sins, to put away all wrong, and be the children of God ? Regard your privilege. Go and keep the way of God and not return to your former sins, for the labors of the people of God must not be lost. They will be a savor of life unto life, or of death unto death. Mother Ann on passing an apple tree that was filled with blossoms, called the attention of those who were with her and said,—How beautiful this tree is now ! By and by the fruit appears ; but some of it will fall off quite soon ; while some will hold on for a longer time, till they are fully half grown and some will get ripe. So it is with souls who set out in the way of God. Many will set out very fair, and soon fall away; some will continue longer and then fall off, while others will go through to the Kingdom. The gifts and calling of God are given to souls in nature's darkness ; not because they have repented, but the gifts are intended to lead souls to repentance. Some one asked, What is repentance ? and were answered, To&gt; cease from committing sin, is the only repentance that God accepts, and this no one can do except by an honest and faithful confession of all sin to the chosen witnesses of Christ. The severe persecutions and cruel abuses which Mother Ann suffered in consequence of her faith and testimony, were occasionally related to the Believers. They are striking evidences not only of the inveterate hatred and malice of a lost world against every increasing manifestation of divine light, but also of Mother's unexampled confidence and resolution in maintaining her testimony. Mother and the Elders abounded greatly in visions, prophecies and revelations. Many who received the testimony were also blessed with the same gifts. They were given to strengthen, confirm and establish the faith which the people had received.