OBEDIENCE ARTHUR THEOBALD 'Behold! to obey is better than sacrifice.' I. Sam. xv, 22. Never has anything been more fully verified than this statement. The Jews, as long as they were obedient to the law, grew and flourished; but as soon as they threw it aside, they were plunged into wars, which resulted either in poverty or slavery. The Jews' however are not the only people upon whom this severity has been inflicted; the Romans in their disobedience to the laws of nature and of humanity experienced a fall which has become proverbial. So with every nation, whose ambition, driving it madly on in disobedience, finally plunges itself into difficulties from which there is no extrication. All history is replete with corresponding examples. So also in the spiritual sphere, although the penalty may be delayed, it is, nevertheless, sure to be measured to the delinquent, in its fullness. The stings of conscience may quicken a soul to confession and repentance, by which some atonement can be made, and forgiveness obtained; while, on the other hand, obedience to established law would prevent, in all cases, the sufferings which always follow disobedience. The result of obedience is peace and prosperity, and an unalloyed enjoyment. A difference of development must have a corresponding difference of conception. It is not possible for the child or youth to understand, fully, the meaning of the term obedience, and therefore, are not under the obligation that belong to age and judgment. It could not be expected that a short privilege in the Shaker or true Christian life would enable one to discern duty in this direction, as clearly as those, who by their experience, and therefore more mature judgment, are capacitated for that obligation. Every one has a part to act in life and that faithfully performed, brings its reward. Even the children find happiness in obedience, and as the understanding matures, the necessity of more strictness forces itself in, which if heeded, will result in a blessing. There are two forms of obedience—one voluntary, willing and cheerful, the other a kind of forced obedience, which is shown in the half way manner in which it is yielded. This latter kind, in fact, is not true obedience. It seems closely conjoined to disobedience and is of a low type, underhanded and mean; while obedience, willingly and cheerfully rendered is a virtue to be desired and obtained. This is accomplished by bringing all selfish desires into subjection to the 'higher law.' It requires the crucifixion of self-will, the slaying of false judgment, and in fact, the burning of ail selfishness in the fire of gospel testimony. It is an obedience that knows only the straight and narrow path of self-denial. To those who walk therein, the blessing is vouchsafed. It is the path in which is found the living soul: and as it demands a childlike subjection as rendered by our Exemplar, we must expect to find those only who having accepted its searching light, are still striving for greater perfection. Unabated by trials, they have an ardor, more determined than ever to gain the proffered treasure; thus attesting that although there are struggles in the way, there are joys also, which more than counter-balance the sorrows. It is the earnest workers who are in an enviable condition, whose happy faces and cheerful voices give strength and encouragement to many a weary toiler;— whose lives shine with a never dimming lustre as an example to all who would behold. This condition is surely the indication of that happiness which the world cannot know. It is ever increasing, filling their spirits with love as they hold out to us the joys of the gospel of obedience and leave an inheritance for us to beautify and enjoy. We who are young should not be unmindful of our duty; should ever strive to gain those virtues which they possessed, by a careful daily life in obedience. It seems befitting that at the beginning of the New Year we should pledge ourselves to greater obedience hoping to have the union of all who are young. In this we shall feel assured that we share the truth of the prophets word:—'Behold! to obey is better than sacrifice.' Enfield, N. H.