Select HUMAN HEArRTLESSNESS V. Dike Alas ! the heartlessness of which human nature is capable. Some in gluttony and drunkenness are endeavoring to still the voice of a reproving conscience, are striving by brutalizing their nature, to obliterate the memory of past crimes; or worse still, are laboring to produce that fiendishness of spirit which actually delights in dwelling upon the revolting scenes of former iniquities. Having enlisted soul and body in the service of Satan, they attempt to silence the whisperings of God in the soul, so that they may sin henceforth unrebuked. The rich and the gay, in lordly palaces or in gaily decorated saloons, are eating and drinking, are revelling and rioting, while the world's unfortunates are pining away in cellars and garrets, unknown, unrelieved, unpitied. The piteous wail of anguish, deep-drawn sigh which only hopeless poverty can heave, the tear of grief which in midnight solitude scalds the pallid cheek, how often are they unheeded ! In homes of heartless wealth and in halls of gayety and frivolity the feast and the dance go on, while near by in lonely agony heart-strings are breaking, penury's dark night is deepening, anguish is crushing its helpless victims. Man's forgetfulness of man seems incomprehensible. The proximity of joy and sorrow, of wealth and poverty, of hope and despair, how inexplicable ! The wail of unrelieved suffering and the songs of joyous festivity are wafted heavenward on the same breeze. The shouts of drunken revelry and the prayer of penitence ascend side by side. Thus everywhere, joy and feasting above, wretchedness and starvation beneath; the one piteously petitioning for relief, the other stoically indifferent to human suffering,- USELESS STUDIES FOR GIRLS The other day a young girl of our acquaintance, who is pursuing a selected course of study in one of the collegiate institutions of the city, was examining the printed curriculum with reference to deciding what study she should take up next term. While consulting about the matter she read over the long list of text-books on science, language, literature and mathematics, when suddenly she exclaimed, 'I'll tell you what I would like to study— I would like to study medicine. I don't mean that I want to be a physician and practise, but to know what to do at home if anybody is sick or anything happens. I am sure that it would be more useful to me than'—and she turned to the prescribed course of study— 'than spherical trigonometry and navigation? But we can't run for a doctor every time anybody sneezes or coughs, and I would like to know what to do for any one who is a little sick ' Here is a matter concerning which young women need some simple but careful instruction. But who gives them any? As daughters in the family, they can repeat the dates of the Grecian and Roman wars, work out aa intricate problem in algebra, and give the technical names of all the bones in the body; but if the baby brother left in their charge burns his hand or is seized with croup, how many of them know the best thing to do while waiting for the doctor? And when, as wives and mothers, the duties of life increase, how many of them have any practical knowledge which will help them to meet calmly and intelligently the every-day experience of accidents and illness which are inevitable in every family?—Harper's Bazar. In years gone by it so happened that John Lyon and his sister Lucy... In years gone by it so happened that John Lyon and his sister Lucy, in company with others, made a visit to the society at N. Before the day of their arrival Br. JohnF. asked the Elder if the family had not better be notified that a lion and lioness were to pass through the village that day. Indeed not, said the Elder, I am surprised that you should suggest such a thing,—to turn the attention of all the family to see two wild animals. Well, said Br. John, I thought it might interest the family as it will only be Elder John Lyon and his sister Lucy Lyon from the state of N. H.