TIME FLIES DANIEL ORCUTT Young persons seldom think much of old age, but when old age comes, they are surprised that they did not think of it more. 'Rejoice, O youth, and walk in the ways of your hearts, and in the sight of your eyes ; but know that for all these things, God will bring you into judgment.' 'What is your life? It is even a vapor that appeareth for a little while, and then vanisheth away.' Time flies ; and ere you are aware, golden opportunities may fly too. God has given you ability, employ it for His glory. You may not have ten talents nor even five, but you have at least one talent, and that one talent, rightly used, will produce good results. Every moment spent for God yields unalloyed happiness. While your day lasts work. Garner the durable riches, as you would garner a supply of luxuries. Moments are more valuable now, than years that are gone. 'Seconds and minutes are the gold dust of time, which are often wasted. Take care of your gold dust.' If any portion of time can be called yours, it is the present. Past opportunities will not return. 'You cannot catch the moments that no longer tarry, they are gone forevermore.' Too much time has already been lost. Lose no more. What is time, but the brief hour for preparing for eternity? This may be your last hour. Prepare. 'Work in my vineyard,' is the Master's command. Living to God is every day work. Begin now. lie will not forget your service. He offers riches lasting as eternity. Eternal life is the gift of God; accept it while it is piofFered. There's danger in delay. Living in sin hardens the heart. Break from evil habits now. The more convenient season will never come. Tomorrow may be too late. 'You know not what shall be on the morrow,' God commands, obey now. Now, for it is the accepted time. 'Harden not your hearts.' Tltfcy are hard enough already. Life is uncertain. 'Thousands of lives are extinguished as a candle is suddenly blown out.' The thought of death has brought many to a decision. The voice of God is the voice of authority. He has a right to speak to you ; obey now. Defer not later. Should you repent tomorrow, yet it would be a sin to remain impenitent to-day. You cannot afford to put off until tomorrow, that which should be done now. Every day leaves a day more to repent of, and a day less to repent in. A day will not last always ; a day is only a day. Time flies. Well improve it and you are saved, misimprove it and you are lost. Enfield, Conjf,.