ANCESTRAL TRADITION ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE Mortal beings, whatever powers of mind, or talents they may possess, cannot change one truth ; for Truth is coexistent with Deity. Tradition and education have moulded our thoughts, and shaped our ideas, and many things which we conscientiously think we believe, are only shadows from pictures painted upon our memories in early life, or monographed by historians and the priesthood in later years, by iteration, which have taken such strong holds upon our minds that the impress is hard to remove, and the echo to die away. But thorough investigation on our part, often convinces us that many of those ideas are only tra- ' ditionally ours, inherited, and have not come to us by close reasoning, nor earned by labor. Hence the necessity of great charity for the views and opinions of others, who think and reason differ- SHAKER MANIFESTO. ently from us ; and in all cases 'to be kindly affectioned one towards another.' If the advancement of truth be our aim, then all can work harmoniously together. Many times a small differance in phraseology may give a false impression of the idea sought to be conveyed, when if a different word, or phrase, were substituted, such as ourselves would have employed to express the same idea, it would be clearer to us at least, while others might have taken the idea as first propounded, as the clearest. Calm reasoning in such cases is much better and wiser, than sensorious criticism. In this is manifest the wisdom and 'patience of saints.' It is our privilege to take lessons from the wise and unwise, the progressed and unprcgressed. Let all have a place to work according to their several gifts and attainments, 'one after this manner, another after that,' according to the measure of grace through the gift of God to them and the ministration and effectual working of His power by the spirit of Christ. Childhood and youth are preliminary to full manhood ; and the anterior stages of existence are a necessity to the posterior. Development and growth marks and moves everything. As we read and understand the law given through Moses to the ancient Jews, by the light of the present Christian dispensation, and the curtains formed of rites and ceremonies are drawn aside, we see its weaknesses and defects in a large degree ; but Jesus said, it was not his mission to destroy the law ; he came to fulfill it. The law in its most potent form was far from being a full Savior ; it was only adapted to the immature condition of its subjects in that epoch, given as a safeguard for the time being, and a delineator, pointing to something higher and more perfect in the future. That it was defective and weak in many points, no one can deny; that it also contained much truth we will not undertake to dispute. The Israelites, unto whom that code of laws was given, were a rebellious, hard hearted, warring and licentious people. It dealt with them as they would accept, or reject. If the light of the present age shines brighter and clearer than in the past, let us learn wisdom and seek to divide the true from the false. Cast that which is unworthy to be retained, back into the great sea of human passions ; and let all that is true, still live. The progressive spirit of the ages will roll onward the great car freighted with the ripest and best fruits of the centuries gone by ; and let us say, as did Jesus, that it is not our purpose to destroy or annul any truth of the Law or Gospel; but pray and work to the end, that every jot and tittle may be fulfilled, and glorified. One writer recently said; 'We cannot down with the Old Testament and claim that it is obsolete, for it contains truths that will outlive the centuries ! Truth can never die. Hence we see the Old and New Testaments, bound together between two lids, lying on our tables and in our Churches ; while they contain errors, there is truth enough in both to bear them up, and commend them to the better feelings of all,' Truth is a unit, it is indestructible ! and, whether physical, intellectual, moral, or spiritual, pertaining to body or soul, belongs in the final issue, to a perfected dispensation, and forms a part of one great whole. 56 SHAKER MANIFESTO. 57 The Ark, which was the repository of the archives of the ancient Jews,, and contained their covenants, and also the Mercy Seat, overshadowed by the wings of the Cherubim which was a beautiful type of the dual Christ Spirit, a representative picture that is still pleasant to look upon after the lapse of ages, was very sacred to them, and-was guarded with care, while it was borne upon the shoulders of the Levites, the highest order of priests. The growth of the ages has been slow, but sure. Stepping stones have been laid from time to time, and pioneers in the march of truth have ventured to go forth as vanguards and occupy a little higher, and still higher ground, while they kept in sight of the main body. The path of progression is an up hill grade and difficult to travel; its possibility has been tried, and successfully proved by many who have climbed its rugged steeps, and have come off conquerors. The first Christian Church had its defects and also had its days of prosperity. While it maintained its integrity by firmly adhering to fundamental principles, it was invulnerable against the powers of darkness and spiritual death ; but when anti-Christ came and knocked at the doors of the sanctuary, and sought admittance that there might be an alliance formed between them, then, disintegration began to take place, and the power of the holy people was scatterd. Shall we learn, and be warned by the past to look well to the present, and to hold fast our veracity, while we press on to know and understand the future, and prepare to meet whatever may betide, whether weal or woe, prosperity or adversity? If forewarned, we may be forearmed; and thus be able to stand where others have fallen ; and then we shall be debtors to the wise and unwise. Mt. Lebanon N. Y..