A Point Worthy Of Consideration WILLIAM C. LANEBRIDGE In reviewing the assassination of President Garfield, and all of the various circumstances pertaining thereto, I perceive many inconsistencies not the least 'oi which I will mention. Guiteau says that it was an act of the Deities, and that he was simply an instrument called to perform that act. Of course all pious people express horror at such 'shocking blasphemy.' Yet President Arthur in his Thanksgiving Proclamation, and again in his message to Congress, says, 'Whereas in His inscrutable wisdom it has pleased God to remove our beloved Chief Magistrate, the late James A. Garfield,' or words to that effect. Nearly every Governor and clergyman in the United States has used similar phraseology, and I might add every pious layman. Now I readily give President Arthur and every other one who has thus expressed himself the credit of having good motives. But when a grave public document is issued by the President of the United States, it should at least be in accordance with known facts, which President Arthur's declaration was not, as by it he reaffirms what Guiteau so stoutly asserts, viz: 'That it was the will of God that President Garfield should die as he did,' and by this assertion he practically admits that Guiteau was but an agent in the hands of Providence, and is therefore an innocent man. The President was doubtless prompted by the best of motives and by a tender regard for the memory of his illustrious predecessor, but allowed himself to be betrayed into the usual conventional form of expression. Nothing can be worse blasphemy to my mind than the present fashion of charging God with fathering every crime committed. And I believe the time is not far distant when the majority of thinking, intelligent people will regard with unqualified disapprobation and contempt this irrational method of accounting for the sins and transgressions of mankind, and instead rest the blame where it belongs—upon society. To say the part Guiteau took in the tragedy was the result of 'devilish depravity,' and then in the next breath assert that it was the will of God, is a species of reasoning the 'national mind' fails to comprehend ; and which appears to me like what logicians would term reasoning in a 'vicious circle.' This 'inspiration' business is becoming far too dangerously common, and Guiteau should be made such an example of as shall cause other would-be murderers to pause before committing an act that must surely end in ruin to themselves. They should be made to understand that the plea of Divine revelation will not shield them from the penalties of the law. It is not even necessary to deny these pretended revelations. Thus it may be said to Guiteau: 'Possibly God did command you to shoot the President; but in doing so he must certainly have intended you to be hanged, as hanging is the punishment inflicted for murder.' Personally I do not favor hanging Guiteau, but if by so doing it shall teach a salutary lesson to others of his kind, the sacrifice will not have been in vain. The best way to put an and to this pretense of Divine revelation is for all sensible persons to take the view Mrs. Garfield does, when she says that she fails to discover any Providence in SHAKER MANIFESTO. 81 an act that at once deprives her of a husband, the staff of her life, and her children of a father. Mi. Lebanon, N. Y.