Letter Box Shaker Village, N. H. L. Shaker Village, N. H. Dear Sister Mary;—I thought some of the other girls had written to you, so I thought it would be nice for me to write and tell you low much I loved you, and what a good sis;er I think you are. I wish I could grow up and be as good as 90 SHAKER MANIFESTO. you are, then I should be happy, and all the little girls would love me too. I thank you very kindly for that pretty card you gave me. I think it was very pretty. All of the children send their love to you. Yesterday it snowed. I am glad it is winter. I love winter because it snows. I am trying to be a good girl. Don't you love to have some one to write you? I love to have some one write to me. Last summer I had two gardens to pick flowers from. I love flowers. Good by, from your child, [Age, nine years.] Our Dear L ; Mary Whitcher Our Dear L ;—Your nice letter was very acceptable, and you may be quite sure that I do love to have somebody write to me, and especially the little folks, that I may see how well they write, and Jearn what they love and what they are going to be. It seems you love flowers, and love the snow, and love to be good. All these things are very pretty and pure ; and now I judge you are to make a good woman. If you are good you will be pretty and always happy. My love and thanks to you, and my love to all your little mates. Affectionately, BERTIE'S VOYAGE ACROSS THE ATLANTIC Bertie My Father came to America from England, about six years ago and got acquainted with Believers, and he returned to England to bring us, [a boy and two girls] to live with Believers ; so we would grow up and become good brothers and sisters. It was six years before he made his return to Believers. He said he would be much happier here, than he would in England. Now I will tell you about our voyage across the Atlantic Ocean. It was very stormy coming over here, for I was very sea sick, and at night I could hardly sleep a bit. All day we were coming in sight of land, there was a man on the look out to see how far distant we were from land; and when he could tell how far we were from land he would shout to the man at the helm, and he would steer the ship in the right district. Now I will tell you about the man who stands at the compass, who tells the man at the helm where to steer too. He has a whistle which he blows so many times to tell the man where to steer. When we got to land we rode to the station and met a brother who was looking for us. We had our dinner and got into the train to go to C— when we got to C— we rode with S—to the Village. [Age twelve years.]