PURSUIT OF LIFE GILES B. AVERY This should be to search after, find, and apply, practically, to the habits and conditions of life, those levers that shall elevate the human character to the dignity designed by God. Knowledge, talent, genius, position, these alone, cannot do it! But, a patriotic spirit, desirous to be like the sunbeam, growing brighter from its early morning rise, and shining to bless all mankind. A sacrifice of those belittling, debasing, selfish loves and pleasures that degrade man to a brutish level; those selfish graspings for earthly gains, harvested, often times, at the impoverishing and sufferings of the neighbor, those piles of sordid wealth that bury the soul in things that perish in the using. This patriotism, these sacrifices ; th&amp; seeking of that Wisdom that cometh from above, and the consecration of one's life to live as God lives, and labor as God labors, to bless the whole race of man, and help to elevate him to his proper niche in God's temple. This is living worthy of existence. All else is sham ; life buried in death while threading the pathway of time. The pursuit of knowledge, may be good, it ought to be ; but, knowledge merely, is an acquaintance with facts, or a perception and comprehension of principles and powers. It may be piled up in heterogeneous masses in the mind like miscellaneous books in a library; or better, it may be systematically treasured in the memory, but, without wisdom, it simply plays around the head, or like the babbling streamlet, tumbles over the obstructions in its pathway, noisily and uselessly, dashing along to the ocean of forge tfulness. Wisdom peers its way into causes and consequences, adapting its powers to the accomplishment of necessary and blissful ends, feeling out, with its electric like fingers, the long lines of intelligence, and charging their connecting wires so speedily as to be ready to meet any exigency of occasion, or dignity of impor- 74 SHAKER MANIFESTO. tance of condition; banishing animal dullness and stupidity of perception and comprehension, and appropriately adjusting itself to all needs and purposes. Wisdom teaches, first, the necessity of running in the journey of life. Secondly, the prizes for which to run. The true benefactors of our race have been a class of earnest, honest, toiling and self-sacrificing souls, in all the history of earth's unnumbered ages ! The devotees to the pursuits of selfish gains and pleasures, at the expense of a neighbor's, a brother's or sister's need or comfort, have never, in all their races of life, yet reached the goal of bliss. It has ever, like the cup of Tantalus, been distant from their lips, and though, like Numidia's horsemen, it has been swiftest in the race for earthly gains, like them, too, it has been faithless and unscrupulous relative to the rights of fellow man; hence, its spoils have not been the dispensers of happiness, but the treasuries of envy, hatred, and remorse. But, shall gold, silver, jewels, piles of earthly pelf, or palaces and monuments of earthly glory engulf the soul of humanity and harness man down to earth forever ? Shall saint like professions of godliness, hollow as the apples on the lake of Sodom, though painted with their inviting mellow orange hues, deceive the soul forever? Shall religion, like a clerical cloak, be only worn on the exterior of human life, and be as destitute of life as the shorn wool the cloak is made of ? Must still unnumbered ages roll and their history record the race of man plodding only in the mire and dross of earth. Shall soul resurrection lie couchant as a slain lion and man essay to find its bliss by the display of an empty skinny form? O let earth roll up her musty scroll of self, of pelf, of sinful pleasure, and burn it in the fire of God's truth and Love. Let man burst his snail shell of sensuality and animalism, and, like an uncaged bird, fly to the freedom and redemption spread forth on the plains of God's great salvation, perch on the trees of life that grow on either side of that river of love that makes glad the city of God, and daily feed on their twelve manner of fruits. Thus living make earth an Eden, and Heaven a sure inheritance by bringing it to earth ! Mt. Lebanon, N. Y..