Farm and Garden Principles Governing the Production of Milk .—From an article on this subject in the Scientific Farmer, we condense the following items : 'I understand very well, as probably every man does who handles milk, that there is a wide difference in the composition of pure milk, especially in the matter of the percentage of butter. All milk is richer in September than in June, and it varies in this respect in different seasons in the same herd or cow. The cow that is fleshy gives milk richer in butter than the cow that is thin and poor. One that has reached her full maturity givesbetter milk than she did before she reached that age. A cow that is gaining flesh day by day gives a richer milk than a cow that is losing it gradually. Experience has taught me that a cow's milk very deficient in butter often fattens a finer calf than that of a first class butter cow. When a man tells me what a splendid fat calf his cow always rears, I do not wish to perchase her for a butter cow. A man cannot procure milk profitably for any purpose without feeding his cows liberally with good, sound, healthy nutritious food. It requires a certain amount of food to supply the demands of nature. All above that amount which she will take and assimilate will be converted into milk and flesh. The herd should be kept warm in winter and fed and watered with regularity. This diet should be varied as much as convenience will allow.' The Striped Bug .—Every gardener knows that this is a most destructive insect among melon, cucumber and other young vines, sometimes damaging the crop seriously. Many remedies have been suggested, some of them no donbt good in their way but troublesome. Now we have tried, for several years, another which has-proved a complete success. Instead of aiming to drive away the insect by soot, ashes, &amp;, we pet it, or rather furnish it with food better than the young melon and cucumber plants. We sow around each planting a few radish seeds, and coming up about the same time, the tops supply pasture for the bug which it much pre- 92 SHAKER MANIFESTO. fers to the vines. Lettuce will also answer, but the radish is rather liked the best. While our vines are untouched by making this little provision for it, the young radish tops are completely perforated. Should this fail, which is seldom the case and has never been with us, sprinkle the vines with a solution of whale-oil, soap and water. No other insect but the curculio can stand this. When this preparation is not attainable, a week solution of carbolic disinfectant soap will answer as well. — Gfer. Tel. THE SILO MEETING IN PITTSFIELD A Letter concerning it by Elder Evans. Editor of the Sun:—There was a goodly gathering in the town hall, Pittsfield, on the 10th inst., a company of substantial, noble looking men. Instinctively I enquired, Where are the young men? Those present were uniformly past middle age. Have Massachusetts farmers no posterity, or have their sons become clerks, merchants, doctors, lawyers, priests, agents, soldiers, tramps? 'Ill fares the land to thickening wrongs a prey, where idlers nourish and true men decay.' Is there not something radically wrong in the system of national education when it thus results in making labor on the soil uninviting, if not discreditable, to the rising generation of young men? Suppose the clergy of New England revise its theology—form a new plan of salvation—beginning with 'the world that now is,' allowing none to join the churches, unless, as evidence of good character, they prove ownership of at least a part of an acre of land, and also excluding all who own more land than they faithfully and honorably cultivate. 'Woe to those who add acre to acre and house to house, until there be no place left for some of the people,' and 'blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth'—own a piece of land. Soon the school teachers would instill into the minds of boys the idea that landless men are villians, i. e., holders of houses and lands 'by base servile tenure,' and that the speculative land holder is also a villian, i. e., 'a vile, wicked man,' a creator of criminals, poverty in land and riches in land being the primary cause of human crimes. England is in great turmoil with her Irish soil-workers—millions. Eussia is just now legislating to relieve the extreme poverty of 19,000,000 farmers who were emancipated from villiany or serfdom 20 years ago. Educate and legislate the young men, with the best brains, unto the land. F. W. Evans. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.