FRAGMENTARY THOUGHTS ABRAHAM PERKINS Much is said and written in regard to the present moral condition of man compared with the past. The verdict is largely, that conditions of society, as a whole, are improving and the world is growing better. In a certain sense, as I perceive and realize it, this judgment is true ; in another sense, it is not true. Taking the view that there never was an age when man was more enlightened, when greater knowledge of truth never before existed and when truth was never more cheerfully acknowledged and accepted as truth, the judgment is correct. But in the sense that today man is truer to conviction than in any preceding age, it is false. Although divine truths are in a good degree understood and accepted as the higher revelations of God, yet there exists a species of belief that man may be justified in a life less perfect than what he knows to be most perfect; that :t is not expected he will accept fully the teachings of our Lord as his guide and example. In fact, that he deems the cross too heavy to carry, that human nature demands ease and relaxation, that man is mortal and should not presume on making the Savior strictly his example : therefore he yields to the impulses of a depraved, selfish heart and is condoned on the ground that all men assume this position and he is as good as his neighbor. We would ask, why then did our Master say,—''Follow me?' Did he require more than man is able to perform? And because of his ^.weakness 82 SHAKER MANIFESTO. and short comings which he cannot prevent, is he to be deprived of an heirship with Christ, a relation to his body and a place in his kingdom, which admits of nothing that worketh iniquity, that defileth or maketh a lie ? Again the injunction was,—'Be ye perfect, even as your Father who is in heaven is perfect.' What can we learn from this? As I understand the words, we are to become perfect children in Christ; perfectly obedient to his instruction, truly subject to the dictates of conscience, living watchfully, prayerfully and carefully in the spirit and life of Christ. I acknowledge that manifold are the truths abounding today. They are ours to enjoy ; a blessed gift from the Father and Mother of mercies. And however much 'the earth is filled with the knowledge of the Lord, even as the waters cover the sea,' yet sin abounds in equal ratio. It has probably never been known in the earth, when the catalogue of crimes, murders, suicides, robberies, incendiarism and evils of every name was greater than today. The servants of Satan are legions, all busy in his service, opposing every movement of reform, obstructing every avenue of light and sowing tares which are yielding a harvest that is manifestly impeding and checking progress and darkening many a soul; thus robbing the earth of the genuine fruits of peace and leaving man to groan under suffering and pain, with little prospect or encouragement of deliverance. I have favorable auguries, by which my confidence is strengthened of a ' 'good time coming ;' and from the effects of the operation of an apparent inner work of the spirit, we have the best of evidence that a brighter day is dawning. 'As fast as people learn to think, they demand liberty,' and greater light is sought and resources resorted to to obtain it; which, in the providence of God, in His own time, is dispensed, giving liberty in a corresponding degree with the acceptation of light. It comes not without sacrifice ; and the greater the sacrifice required and conscientiously made, the greater the progress, purification and freedom of the soul. Yea, and the more careful will be the obedience rendered to the principles of truth, the freer the relinquishment of self to the consuming fire of the gospel, which cleanses the soul from all impurities of the flesh, and of a depraved animal nature, bringing it into that baptism and resurrection of the spirit which constitutes man the true image of God and makes him an angel. Enfield, N. H.