The World's Cyclopedia of History The first volume of this great cyclopedia is announced to be ready in a few days. If it reaches the standard indicated by its prospectus it will be altogether unrivaled in its magnitude, comprehensiveness, and scholarship, and at the same time will be placed easily within the reach even of any industrious laborer. Instead of being made up of brief sketches by unknown authors, as are commonly the historical portions of encyclopedias it will contain, unabridged, the great standard works of such authors as Green, Macaulay, Grote, Carlyle, Gibbon, Guizot, Mommsen, and others. A very comprehensive alphabetical topical index, covering all the works embodied in the cyclopedia, will make ready consultation upon any subject convenient, and will group together such wealth of knowledge and interest as will surprise the ordinary reader and delight the profound student. Specimen pages received at this office show handsome typography, good paper and good press work. Each volume will contain about 1000 large, double-column, octavo pages, and will be sold at the amazingly low prices of $1.25 for the cloth binding, and $1.40 for the same bound in half Russia, sprinkled edges. The amount of matter contained in each volume, and for so low a price, seems almost startling; Volume I containing, unabridged, Green's Larger History of the English People; Carlyle's History of the French lie volution; Schiller's History of The Thirty Years' War; and Creasy's Fifteen Decisive Battles of the world,—all for $1.25. No payment is asked in advance by the publishers, but books will be sent to any part of the United States by express, with the privilege of examination before payment is required. It will be wise for those who want to purchase, to write to the publisher immediately, as at these prices, the edition will be limited by the number of orders received before publication. Specimen pages and full particulars sent free upon application to the publishers, The Useful Knowledge Publishing Company, 162 William St., New York City. All who wish for a 'fair, fearless and Independent' exposition of the multiplied phases of spiritualism, according to the general acceptation of that term, should become readers of the RELIGIO-PHILOSOPHICAL JOURNAL. It comes to us now in an entire new dress, neat and clean, and will no doubt be a pleasure to its readers. The paper will be sent for twelve weeks, on trial, to new subscribers for 30 cents; for one year Address, John C. Bundy, Chicago, 111.