MEMORIAL LETTER Henry C. Blinn Enfield, N. H. Jan., 1882. My Beloved Young Friends ;—As the time approaches for the Brethren and Sisters to attend the funeral and bid a long and loving farewell to H., a life member of our order, I find that my spirit goes out to be with you in your affliction. For many years I have taken part with you in bidding adieu to those honored souls who have lived out the full measure of their days in this life, and who have gone to reap the reward of 'well done, good and faithful servant.'' Beautiful Brethren and Sisters who have so nobly fought the good fight of faith, and earned for themselves a crown of immortal glory. I have, also, with you seen those who were taken from ,us in the morning of life. Children, of tender years, whose lives so prematurely cut off, must if they ever become heirs of the Kingdom of heaven, earn it by a faithful adherence to the principles of godliness in the land of souls. And there have been youthful minds from whom we have so regretted to part. Those who were active, intelligent, interested, and so far as time and gospel privileges afforded, had earned for themselves a home in the hearts of their beloved fathers and mothers in Christ. Among this latter class we find our loved and loving sister H. A child of the church,—and how much more consoling it is to be able to commit her to the care of the good angels, with a recommendation of which we need not be ashamed, than to record that which so often carries sorrow through this life, and must follow even beyond time. Although the youngest have no more assurance of continued health than those more advanced in years, yet this summons has been, to me, very sudden, and indeed, very reluctantly accepted. So recently one among the most active, bidding so fair to pass on from year to year as a comfort and blessing to the guardians of her yoxith, that we had not matured any thought in our mind for this hasty transition. We had fondly anticipated a recovery to health, and that on our return to you, she would have been advanced many degrees in strength and in the hope of a long and useful life. But we were destined to be suddenly and sadly disappointed. Beloved young Friends ; while we are bidding farewell to one of your class, you must bear in mind that her departure takes from your ranks another of your loved companions, and leaves upon those who remain, a greater responsibility to be honest and steadfast believers. Although lost to our natural sight, H. has by no means left us. By appointment she has only moved into another sphere of action. Reserve for her a place in your memories, that shall award to her an honorable position in your class for all time to come. I trust that she may still be with you in every good work, growing more and more faithful unto the perfect day. I trust also that you will all add to your present faithfulness and be able to leave I clean record of your journey through this life. As it is a Divine decree that all who are born into this world must inevitably, at some subsequent period, again pass out from among us, into the better (?) world, it becomes us as rational beings to accept the ultimate with all due consideration. 84 SHAKER MANIFESTO. 85 In this age of inherited physical sins, of deformities of mind and body, so fearfully transmitted from generation to generation, as well as a legion of morbid appetites, we can only hope and pray for an inspiration of God to enable us to so walk that life may be a blessing, and an honorable old age our deserved inheritance in this world. No one should defer till tomorrow that which may be performed today. To hesitate may often be the first fatal step to ruin. Every age urges its demand. The honesty and truthfulness and chastity of a child foreshadows a virtuous youth, and this cannot fail to develope into an honorable and spiritual manhood or womanhood. It should be thoroughly impressed upon the mind of every young person that no transgression, however trivial, can possibly fade away. A penalty is as sure to follow, as we are to exist. We are creatures of law, andl,God's laws are imperative. Hence the very great and persistent care that should be exercised over children that not only an actual wrong may be prevented but also that the predisposition to wrong may be anticipated and doubly guarded. All this is an Angel's work, and consequently it is a preparatory work for the Kingdom of God. We are all engaged in it, but it sometimes seems so necessary, and especially for those who are yet on the ascending grade of life's journey, that we cannot forbear adding a kind word of monition. We would have the whole world good, and then we should be so happy. Farewell,