THE SECOND EVE RUTH WEBSTER According to the allegorical account, men and women were created having equal rights ; but in consequence of the woman taking the lead in the transgressing the law given them, she was told that her 'desire should be to her husband and he should rule over her,' thus making her condition little superior to that of a slave, and in fact, when united to an immoral man, she has experienced the worst kind of slavery. But in all this she was not left without hope, for the promise was given that the seed of the woman should bruise the serpents' head ; thus give a death blow to that SHAKER MANIFESTO. 83 propensity which was the cause of all our woe. Finally, the Messiah was promised, and the people who kept the knowledge of God, looked to that event as one that was to benefit them as a nation ; for they expected Him to come as a temporal prince, notwithstanding, the promise had been given that in Him all nations should be blest. In process of time Jesus came, and it was said of Him, that he should 'save his people from their sins.' He was called the 'second Adam.' Now, if there was a second Adam, should there not be a second Eve ? Jesus was called the 'son of man ;'—after the spirit descended upon him he was called 'Christ,' the 'son of God.' He was said to be 'God manifest in the flesh.' As he said ; 'the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life ; the flesh profiteth nothing.' God is also known by his works, 'evenhis eternalpowerand Godhead.' All things that are made are male and female, hence, the same principle exists in Deity. If the second Adam was the representative of the Eternal Father, there should be a second Eve to represent the Eternal Mother. As Christ became the author of eternal salvation in his first appearing, to all those that obeyed him, so was he in his second advent 'the author and finisher'' of eternal life to all who were obedient to his testimony. In Christ's first appearing, woman was not redeemed from the curse, but was required to be silent in the church and to obey her husband. The reason given, she was first in the transgression. In Christ's first appearing there were some indulgences permitted, short of bearing a full cross ; but it was said that his second coming should be 'without sin unto salvation.' Purity of life, purity of heart and an entire consecration to God is the aim of every true Christian believer. Indeed, 'holiness to the Lord' is our motto, and all that will not bear this inscription should be rejected. There was seen in vision an angel flying in the midst of heaven having the everlasting gospel to preach, saying ; 'Fear God and work righteousness, for the hour of his judgment has come.' There are many earnest men and women who are zealously engaged in the different reforms, and as God works by human agency, as well as spirit influences, much good will be the result. When the cry is heard,—'Babylon is fallen ;' and the call is heeded, 'Come out of her my people that ye be not partakers of her plagues,' many will gather to the spiritual order to live the Christ principle of regeneration. Those who are not ready to be harvested from the earth will observe times and seasons and beget their offspring according to law. These will constitute the natural order or new earth. When their children shall be called into the spiritual order, they will not be like those who are begotten in drunkenness and lust, so that it will take ages to redeem them. We have been under the curse, and have been a partaker of its sorrows, but thanks to God for the revelation of this cleansing work. I am now a free woman ! O that mankind were as ready to follow the second Eve out of sin, as they have been to follow the first into sin. Union Village, Ohio.