SHAKERISM H. L. EADES Being a reply to an Article in the Boston Investigator, by an 'Ex-Shaker.' Friend Editor:—In replying to ExShaker's Article on the Confessional, which appeared in your paper of the 4th Inst.—I would say, first, that I take the pen more to enlighten the public, than to controvert his mis-statements ; but will notice the more essential before closing. All who believe in, and look to the Scriptures for guidance, well know that there is no Christian precept more clearly and positively enjoined than that of Confession, beginning with Adam and ending with Ananias and Sapphira, who, for their dishonesty, were struck dead to the spirit life of the Church and were, Adam like, ejected 'from the- garden,' 'struck dead' and buried in the world, and Ex-Shaker seems to have shared the same fate. Joshua, in his advice to Achan, gives the most clear instruction on the subject, thus : 'Achan my son, give, I pray thee, glory to the Lord God of Israel ai:d make confession unto Him and tell me what thou hast done, hide it not from me.' Joshua vii, 19. On and on through the typical law, it was enjoined, up to Jesus who confessed to God in the hearing of John the Baptist ; when the new gospel dispensation commenced, and Jesus himself became the Confessor, and appointed his successors, saying ; 'Whosoever sins ye remit they are remitted unto them and whosoever sins ye retain, they are retained. Jno. xx, 23. The Apostle Paul makes it clear, by saying; 'Some men's sins are open before hand, going before to judgment, and some they follow after.' I. Tim. v, 24. And further, 'The saints shall judge the world.' i Cor. vi, 2. Whenever a soul is convicted of sin, and is led to the house of God, 'where His name is placed for Salvation,' his 'hour of judgment is come,' thence-forward to worship Him that made the heaven and earth and sea,' Rev. xiv, 7, instead of doing as infidels, giving their worship to the things that are made, instead of their Maker. ( !) But, I need not quote scripture further ; besides the spiritual and scriptural injunction, there is a reasonable necessity that the Elders should know the weak points of each applicant in order to be able to throw around them the proper safe-guards and succor them. Besides, it is incumbent on the Elders, and a duty they owe to the Church, to know what kind of material is admitted into the body. The writer of this has been a confessor for near half a century, and quite willing to anticipate Ex-Shaker's exposure of the Confessional. There are but two motives which should induce any persons to seek entrance into the Shaker Church, viz: First, to get rid of all the sins of a past life, by letting them go before into judgment, and 2nd, To place themselves in a condition where they can live a better, higher, purer, more useful and a more sinless life than is possible to any one, while remaining in the world. 'For, without, (in every part of the world,) are dogs, and sorcerers, whoremongers, murderers, idolaters and adulterers and they that love and make a lie.' Rev. xxii, 15. Every city, town and village on the earth's surface, comes directly under this category, except Christ's Church and followers, who are in the resurrec- 78 SHAKER MANIFESTO. tion, and neither marry nor are given in marriage. Matt, xxii, 30.—Who, then, would not desire such pure heaven-born company? But many come from selfish consideration, to obtain a living without rendering an equivalent. Such ones usually fight shy of the Confessional, and come forward, not to confess, but to conceal their sins and weaknesses from the light of God's order, and sometimes need enlightening to help them, hoping they may receive a conviction which has not yet reached them. I am led to believe that Ex-Shaker was one of this class. My uniform course with applicants has been to inform them, that the first step to be taken, is the confession of every transaction of life, within one's immediate remembrance, which the confessor knew, or now thinks, was wrong and sinful. The earnest, honest applicant, then begins and goes straight forward and gives a satisfactory account of himself, puts his name to the Novitiate Covenant, and comes into full fellowship with the body of Christ.—So, God, in His Order, and God in the penitent, remits the sins and lifts their burden from the soul. A mountain is removed, and 'Saith God, their sins and iniquities will I remember no more.' Heb. x, 7. The honest soul then feels a releasement, which it never felt before, and which cannot be obtained in any other way. The burden gone ! and harmony restored between the soul and its Creator ! Some, foolishly choose to put off the mortifying ordeal until they shuffle off the mortal, expecting then to appear before some big imaginary Deity, seated on a large white Throne, perhaps inside the rings of Saturn, or somewhere else among the stars ! But, the scriptures, properly understood, justify no such belief. In this, such souls will find themselves mistaken, for God has His Order, composed of finite agents, in both worlds, to which all must bow, whether angels or men. 1. As to confessing all the acts of a married life I w,ill say :—It is only necessary to confess what the enlightened mind now sees to be wrong. 2. We know nothing about 'the recording angel blotting out sins by our intercessions.' I have shown how sins are forgiven, by God, in the saint, and God within the sinner. The latter with repentance and honesty, the former with love and charity. But it is all labor lost with one sin willfully covered, God, in the sinner, will not bless and lift the burden from the soul, and God in the saints cannot. 3. The Shakers have no masonic secrets ; they wish to be investigated and probed to the bottom. They have nothing to conceal or cover from the eyes of God or man. The Pearl obtained by their life, is the 'Pearl of great price.' Its value is only known by the possessor. The more it is exposed the more beautiful it appears ; the more it is rubbed the brighter it shines. 'Tis a pearl that worlds cannot buy. 4. It is sometimes charged that the Shakers require confessing every week ! Just so, if one sins every week, not otherwise ! 5. As to books and papers, no family is without them ; but it would be better to have none, than not to have them well selected. 6. Of furnishing children brought among the Shakers and expect them to SHAKER MANIFESTO. 79 abstain from generation, would be just as sensible as to give them a spoonful of brandy every day, and expect them not to be drunkards! 7. Shakers are not required to subdue every natural instinct, as ex-shaker testifies. Our desire is to change the carnal for the pure and spiritual! Is this objectionable? 8. Ex-shaker complains that letters are to be read by the Elders. This is a good rule. If members cannot trust their Elders, How can they expect to be trusted ? South Union, Ky.