JOB BISHOP HENRY C. BLINN BY (Continued from last number.) So very peculiar was the impression that rested upon those present that a solemn stillness prevailed for several minutes. Father Job afterwards conversed freely and encouraged all to keep their union and to build upon the foundation of truth. 'The time will come,' said he, 'when 'one Avill chase a thousand and two will put ten thousand to flight.' Not by words of steel, 'not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord.' Those who bear the cross of Christ, who come forth with a testimony that the world cannot gainsay, will be the victorious children of God.' Father Job Bishop was among the itinerant ministers who visited New Hampshire several times between the years 1782 and 1792. It had been anticipated that Elder Henry Clough would be commissioned to organize these churches, but in 1788 he was called to the church at New Lebanon, as an assistant to Father Joseph Meacham. At this time Father Job was chosen to succeed Elder Henry as a minister over the people of Canterbury and Enfield. In personal appearance Father Job Bishop was erect and well proportioned, being about five feet and ten inches in hight. His hair was dark chestnut and very strait ,his nose of the Roman type and h's eyes a brilliant black. His voice in speaking was keyed higher than is usual for men and yet those who listened to the power and spirit of his exhortations soon learned that he was a living servant of God. He was remarkably gifted and endowed with the prophetic spirit in an eminent degree. In 1795 the title of Father was conferred upon him by the Ministry of New Lebanon and from that date he has been known only as a wise, honorable and loving parent. In his ministrations Father Job always spoke in the spirit of loving kindness. He manifested at all times a great degree of patience, and was constant in his exhortations for every one to accept the beautiful cross of Christ. Even the little children shared largely m his parental care and looked upon him with reverence and respect. They sensibly felt through him an inspiration of holiness, to which in more mature years they affectionaly bore witness. Father Job always manifested a deep reverential regard for those who occupied an order before him and conformed implicitly to the rules and regulations that were established by the mother church. He insisted that the trustees should have a care over the articles that were manufactured for sale, and unless free from blemish, they should be retained at home. The apostolic injunction, had to its fullest extent enforced itself upon the first elders of the society. 'Owe no man any thing, but to love one another.' To be in debt to the children of this world, was indeed reprehensible, and Father Job would not suffer an infringement of the rule, even in the least degree. A case in point was that of a brother who had, in closing a trade, found himself in debt to the value of a few cents. Not having the necessary change he gave his promise to send the balance early on the following Monday. The brother on being reported to 76 SHAKER MANIFESTO. Father Job, was admonished to return, a distance of four miles, on Saturday P. M. and cancel the debt. Although Father Job was among the elders first gathered as ministers at New Lebanon, yet it was thought best by Father Joseph, for him to enter the family as a common member that he might find his union and order in the church of God. For several months he devoted himself, faithfully, to the temporal and spiritual interests, but in the spring of 1790 he was again called to officiate in the order of the ministry and in company with several others visited every place where the churches were being gathered into order. In 1791 he visited the people of Canterbury. At this time he was not as successful in his labors of union as he had wished and in consequence was much depressed in spirit. On his return to New Lebanon he immediately informed Father Joseph who very pleasantly remarked. Well, Elder Henry may go with yow, and you may confer with each other in regard to your Christian work. In a few days the two brethren were journeying on horse-back, side by side, on their way to New Hampshire. After traveling several miles, a deep anxiety to ascertain the cause of the failure began to pervade the mind of Father Job. Becoming deeply absorbed in these anxious thoughts, he finally fell far in the rear of his companion. In this revery he received the impression that gave him some new light on the subject and putting spurs to his horse soon overtook Elder Henry and said to him,—Henry, you are my gospel elder ! Elder Henry reined up his horse and replied :—Go, Job, you will have a gilt in your ministration. I will return. Father Job entreated Elder Henry to continue the journey but he answered decidedly. Nay, it will be of no use, you have the gift, and immediately returned to his home in New Lebanon. Father Job now continued the journey alone and visited the Brethren and Sisters at Canterbury and Enfield wTho kindly accepted him as their leader. It was not, however, till the following year that he was permanently established as the Elder of the two Societies in New Hampshire. At this time he was accompanied by Elder Henry Clough, through whose agency, he received the cordial union of the people. Active preparations were then made to establish the order of society, agreeably to the form of the first Church. The following incident relating to President Madison's tour through N. H. in 1817 was found in a work Published in Hartford, Ct. 1819. 'Amid the regulated forms and the fashionable style of modern etiquette, the President was received by one of the Shakers at Enfield, N. H. in a style of plain hospitality which comes directly home to 'men's business and bosoms.' The Elder in all the majesty of conscious integrity approached the President and said, 'I Job Bishop welcome James Monroe to our habitation.' This must have been the language of the heart which can neither be ornamented by the flourishes of rhetoric nor degraded by the sneers of formality.' (To BE CONTINUED.)