S. Mabee, Dear Sir; Thomas Barlow S. Mabee, Dear Sir;—A few days since I received the Jan. No. of the Shaker Manifesto : from whom it came I knew not. I tried to satisfy myself, but in vain after a studied effort. But subsequently I learned it was from you desiring to hear from me. You are an entire stranger and why, or what you wished to hear from me I could not imagine, unless it be my opinion of the pamphlets you sent me, and I cheerfully give it. It was enough for me to know it was a Shaker production to satisfy me that it was well worthy of my attention, and I read it through with pleasure and instruction. I hare considered the two families or denom. inations of Quakers and Shakers as Christian brothers standing upon the substantial, practical, happifying principles and truths of Christianity, unmarred and undisturbed by the doctrines and dogmas of popular orthodoxy. They have at an earlier day realized the slanders and persecutions of the orthodox churches, but by patient lives and a more progressive civilization survived and come to the enjoyment of a toleration secured, however to them more by the free, independent thought outside of the churches than by the spirit governing within its pale. The world is moving on despite of ecclesiastical influences, rather than with their aid. You have more of the Christian heart and spiritual liberty in your religion than there are in the orthodox schools of theology : and you are on a foundation as firm as practical wisdom and love can lay, the teachings and life of christ being the corner stone. You (i. e. an article in the Manifesto) truly say, speaking of our institutions of learning, they 'are not for the learning of the simple religion of Jesus' but for peculiar theories that 'teach the full cross of Christ unnecessary and a great deal of the worldly life not only admissible in the church of Christ, but so harmonious as to become sacraments therein.' The time has come when the world is turning away from the church as the school of truthful, practical instruction in religious matters, and demanding the more reasonable, philosophical, and God honoring theology. The idea that a religion a little child can understand and enjoy should be remodeled, hampered, confused and made ridiculous by the bewildering cunning, and crafty selfishness of men in the dark ages long gone by, when addressed to minds like yours as well as of infancy, is a sad commentary upon the appliances and methods brought to bear to win or rather force into the church. But I cannot dwell. Let/us seek and hope to be more enlightened on the great questions of the life we should live, and of the life to come. Thanking you for the little book you sent me I subscribe myself, Yours, with high respect for the Shakers, Canastata N. Y..[sic?]