DAY DAWN CECELIA DE VERE In the still hour of the morning, E're the light began to shine, When the blush-rose of the dawning Fluttered to the silvery line; When the silvery line expanded, Changing to a fan of gold, And the rising mists were stranded As the glory upward rolled. Woke I then from peaceful slumber To review a darkened earth, With its burdens that encumber, With its ignorance and dearth ; Custom, creed and superstition Form a veil of every land, Usurpation's Inquisition Works below to starve and brand; There the countless toiling masses Never see with normal sight, Life, the night-mare, as it passes, Brings them only pain and blight. To support the torturing errors That their hearts are forced to know, War, with all its blackening terrors Fill them with appalling woe. There are noble souls contending With the monsters of the world, Scaling high, and low descending, Wheresoe'er the serpent's curled. But, I said, O vain devotion! What will all the effort do? Will the reeds beside the ocean Change its rolling or its hue? 'Twas a thought of earthly reason Unillumined by the light; 'Twas a doubt, and doubt is treason To the sacred cause of right. Quick reproof my heart was taking, When a vision o'er it came, Faith, that like the day when breaking Flushed it with a holy flame. And I saw, not trembling grasses, But the angel world of thought, Bending down to reach the masses Through the minds that it had taught. They will tear the veil asunder, They will rend it thread by thread, Show the tangled warp of blunder On which scenes of blood are spread. They, commissioned, strong, indignant, That false covering will destroy, And declare the God benignant, Made this irorld for peace and joy. God's estate, in fair division To his children doth belong, Might has cancelled His decision Brutal might that fights for wrong. But an angel might is coming Like the billows of the sea, Hark! the waves are softly humming Snatches of a symphony; When the broken strains are blended, And the music is complete, War and darkness shall be ended. Light and harmony shall meet. When the lands of every nation To the people are secure, Earth shall know a new salvation, And her peace will then be sure. To this end, 0 let us labor! Every one can take a part, Love to God and to our neighbor Forms the bond of every heart. O, a mighty day is breaking! We must hail its light, and grow, Earth and heaven alike are shaking, Only truth can safety know, Light alone the truth will cherish, And expand its latent bloom, But the rankling wrong shall perish, Day-dawn ushers in its doom. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.