Select QUEER BREAD MATERIALS Earth bread is made from a white earth in Upper Lusatia, formerly a part of Germany, but now under the rule of Prussia, and the poor of that region use this bread in times of scarcity. The earth is dug from a hill where saltpetre was once manufactured. When laid in the sun until heated it cracks, and globules like meal exude from it. It is supposed that the saltpeter or soda in this earth gives it lightness. Something similar to it is f'ouud in Catalonia and is also used for bread. It is affirmed that in cases of extreme need many have lived on this bread for weeks without experiencing any injury. Soft stones were ground and made into bread in the late famine in India, to prolong, if possible, the lives of that striken people. Fish bread is still used in Iceland, Lapland, CrimTartary, and other places far North. The fish is first dried, then beaten to a fine powder; and sometimes the inner bark of some of the trees of that region is mixed with it, and then wet and made into bread and cakes. Moss-bread is manufactured in Iceland from the reindeer moss, which toward the month of September, becomes soft, tender and damp, with a taste like wheat bran. This moss contains a large quantity of starch, and the Icelanders gather it in the latter part of the summer season, thoroughly dry it, then grind it into meal; and bread, gruels and pottages are made with it. The want of better grain frequently compels the poor Icelanders to bake a kind of bread from the seeds of the sand-reed, which, on their shores, are merely eaten by the birds of passage.—Food and Health. CAUSE AND EFFECT L. L. Kephart [From the 'Literary Microcosm.'] A. M. God governs the Universe by mutual laws. These laws permeate all creation. In obedience to their mandates vapors rise, and rain falls; winds blow and frosts congeal; 94 SHAKER MANIFESTO. atoms cohere and planets whirl; and behind it all stands the Omnipotent Omniscient One, whose behests thess laws execute, evolving from this vast, intricate machinery, the greatest possible good, to the greatest possible number. In the happening of all events, careful observers have noticed the workings of the invariable law of Cause and Effect. Each effect always has its corresponding cause ; and each Cause, must, invariably produce Its corresponding effect. The Infinite God is so unchangable, so reliable, that whenever we see a cause set in motion and clearly comprehend it, we know, at once, what the effect will be. The Creator has endowed man with the ability to comprehend causes. He has also given him the power to set causes in motion, and the privilege of choosing, as to the kind ot causes he will set in motion. Herein consists man's supremacy. In this particular being, endowed with this prerogative, supreme, consists the fact that he is made in the image of his Creator. But, right here, man's supremacy ends. Having once set a cause in motion, it immediately passes beyond his jurisdiction, into the jurisdiction ot God. Man may choose which of two or more causes he will set in motion; but, having made his choice, that cause is so immediately linked with its proper effect, that man cannot, and God will not pre. vent the proper effect from following. Hence, Esau found no place for repentance though he sought it carefully, with tears. The great mistake of mankind is carelessness as to the causes they set in motion. Then, when overtaken by disastrous effects, they expend their tears and energies in bewailing their misfortunes, or 'bad luck' and in imploring Divine Providence to interpose a miracle and save them from the effects of the causes they have willfully or carelessly started. This is supreme folly. A farmer carelessly sows bad seed. When the stalks begin to shoot, he discovers that it is cheat, instead of wheat. No matter how reverent and pious his life may have been, it is now too late for him to pray, so far as the result is concerned. The seed has been sown, the cause has been set in motion, and the effects will follow, the result is a crop of cheat, instead of wheat. A father and mother are careless in the training of a darling boy. They keep wine in the cellar, place it on the table at the evening meal, pass it around at the social gathering, drink it, and place it to the lips of the darling boy, on whom they dote with all the pride and fondness of which parents are capable. They are setting in motion a potent cause for evil, they are sowing seed, the fruit of which they little apprehend. Time rolls on, and when, in after years, they see their son wallowing in the gutter, and frenzied with rum, drive his wife and aged parents into the streets, they implore the Almighty to interfere and save the idol of their hearts from a drunkard's grave and a drunkard's hell. But, in reply to their importunities there comes back that wise and inexorable fiat; 'Be not deceived, God is not mocked, for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.' And the thoughtful sympathetic observer, much as he may pity them in their anguish, is compelled to remark; 'They have sown to the wind, they shall reap the whirlwind.' One of the great lessons to be taught and learned today is that men should pray for wisdom to set right causes in motion, rather than for God to interpose and miraculously save them from the disastrous effects of malignant causes, after they have been set in motion. Let it be distinctly understood, that, wholly in temporal, and, in a large extent, in spiritual affairs, it is too late to pray, after a cause is set in motion, unless there may be some way in which our prayers may set in motion a new cause that will change or annihilate the previous one. The seed sown must produce its fruits. This is an inexorable law, hence the importance of exercising care, as to the seed we sow. This law holds good witli nations, as well as with indivduals. For many years, the great republic, sowed with the seeds of liberty, the tares of human slavery. Gradually the tares grew stronger and stronger, until the truth burst open in a terrible civil war, that filled the whole country withtleath and mourning, burdened it with debt, and, but for the mercy of God, and the abolition of Slavery, the annihilating of the cause, our SHAKER MANIFESTO. 95 whole national fabric, and with it human liberty would have perished from the earth. Fifty years ago, the spoils system, in our politics, was set in motion as a cause. As such it has gradually, but surely gone on, producing its concomitant effects, corrupting our social life, and creating an unholy greed for office, until throughout our municipal governments, up through our county and state organizations, to the very head o* our nation there runs this controling besot. ting influence,-—a desire to get at the spoils This principle has become so arrogant and dictatorial that it assumes to control all the energies of the nation, in the interest of rings, cliques, and monopolies. And, when the great, noble, God fearing Garfield, placed at the head of the nation offered a mild, bu&gt;firm resistance to its demands, this unright' eous principle, this unholy effect of an unholy cause, by the hand of a villainous assassin struck its blow, and the chief magistrate of the nation fell. This system is the cause, Garfield's death, and the whole nation bereaved and mourning, is the effect. Would we avoid similar calamities in the future? Then it is for us to see that the causes which produce such effects, are speedily annihilated. When the civil war was upon us, when the assassin had fired the shot, then it was too late to pray that we might be saved from the effects of the causes that were producing them. God's answer was, As with individuals, so with nations, they must reap what they sow. And this will ever be His answer. Hence the propriety of praying for wisdom to set in motion none but right causes. A sad-looking man went into a drugstore... A sad-looking man went into a drug-store. ' Can you give me, ' said he, ' something that will drive from my mind the thoughts of sorrow and bitter recollections?' And the druggist nodded,and put him up a little dose of quinine and wormwood, and rhubarb and Epsom salts, and a dash of castor-oil, and gave it to him, and for six months the man couldn't think of any thing in the world except new schemes for getting the taste out of his mouth. True Every Time If an editor omits anything he is lazy. If he speaks of things as they are people get angry. If he glosses over or smooths down the rough points, he is bribed. If he calls things by their proper names he is unfit for the position of an editor. If he does not furnish his readers with jokes he is an idiot. If he does he is a rattle-head, lacking stability. If he condemns the wrong he is a good fellow, but lacks discretion. If he lets wrong and injuries go unmentioned, he is a coward. If he exposes a public man he does it to gratify spite, is the tool of a clique, or belongs to the 'outs.' If he indulges in personalities he is a blackguard. If he does not his paper is dull and insipid. Boston Post