Juvenile TWO COATS 'My little girl must pay attention to what is read,' said May's father one morning, as they sat down to family worship ; and May, who was usually too restless to listen to all, for once was quiet as a mouse, and scarcely took her eyes from her father's face. 88 r&gt;£i\.Tixs. SHAKER MANIFESTO. 89 'Papa, I did pay attention,' she said eagerly, as they arose from their knees. '^'1 hearc you read about the man that had two coats, and that he was to impart to him that had none.' Then she asked mamma the meaning of 'impart.' That day an old man came to the door with shoe-laces to sell. May's shoes all buttoned ; but from her own little store of spendingmoney she bought a pair of laces, just because the poor peddler looked so forlorn; and as she gave him the change she saw that he wore no overcoat although it was midwinter, and his old blue army jacket had not a button to hold it together. 'Dear, dear!' sighed May to herself, 'what would I do if my papa had to go like that? and I expect, as like as not, he's somebody's papa.' And then she wondered if he did have any little girls why they didn't sew some buttons on his coat. The old man read her sympathy in her eyes, and as he dropped the pennies into his p cket said sadly; 'I had a little girl once like you, but she went away one day and never came back.'' The peddler drew his sleeve across his eyes. 'The preacher said she'd gone to sing with the angels ;' and then he picked up his pack and turned away. May watched him with a pitying face. 'I'm 'most sorry I didn't ask him to come in and let me sew some buttons on his coat,' she said, as she saw how the wind blew back his ragged coat; and then she remembered the passage about coats that her father had read that morning. 'Papa has three coats,' she said to herself, 'and I'll ask him if he can't give this poor man one.' 'Isn't that rather a literal rendering of the text, my dear !' asked papa, a little startled at May's proposal. May knew nothing of 'literal renderings,'' but she was very anxious to have the coat. 'I really don't know how to spare one,' said her father to mamma. 'But we ought to mind the Bible,' said May, quickly, 'oughtn't we, papa?' Papa looked down into the pleading eyes. 'So we ought, my darling,' he answered, wrapping the coat about her, and kissing her eager face. 'Now we will go and find your old man, and tell him that this is what comes of a little girl being attentive at prayer-time. The shoe-string peddler was just fastening the gate across the way, and when May's father beckoned him over and made him put on the large, warm coat, it was hard to tell who was the happier—the old man or the little girl. 'I mean to pay attention every day/' said May, as she skipped into the house. And papa felt that he would have to 'pay attention' too.—Angel of Peace.