NOTES A pastor in one of our liberal churches recently had for the subject of his Sabbath discourse;—'Is the Gospel, Good News ?' By this it would seem that he was fractionally, in doubt, and had raised the question, preliminary to an investigation. From his subsequent remarks he seemed to prove, conclusively, that what was commonly called the 'gospel,' instead of being good news was quite the reverse. If to be a Christian one must unhesitatingly believe in the theology of the church, a fall from original purity, the incarnation of a savior and the vicarious atonement, then, we would rather be excused from accepting the so-called 'good news.' The pastor then goes on to illustrate how the churchal order has taught the inherent depravity of the race and the utter condemnation of all who died in infancy, unless they had been so fortunate as to receive a baptism. That those who pass away at a more mature age, unconverted, are denied one ray of hope or one moment of consolation through endless ages. We are not surprised that the good pastor asked this question, as the same interesting inquiry must necessarily occupy the minds of a large class who entertain even a faint ray of hope in the immortality of their souls. There may be reasons for believing all this and a great deal more of the same order, but there is an old work, first published some two thousand years ago which teaches, emphatically, that the 'Gospel is Good News.' In that day it was so fully believed that even the poor people are said to have heard it with pleasure. The pastor of the former age, in his illustrations of the gospel of good news, gave full instructions how to become a peace-maker, that they might be called the children of God. How to become pure in heart, that they might see God. In fact, how to establish an order of universal brotherhood that would afford to erery member the peaceable fruits of righteousness. It may be that this ancient story of God's love for man, can even at this SHAKER MANIFESTO. 87 date, be found in some of the old fashioned homes of New England. A writer in a recent number of 'The Truth Seeker' takes exceptions to the term, 'Gospel Temperance,' and remarks. 'As if there were more than one kind of temperance, a gospel temperance and an anti-gospel temperance.' If the gospel is good news and glad tidings, then the term Gospel Temperance is correct, and no other should be used. We have thought that some of the Conventions would be more appropriately styled,—'Political Temperance,' and others 'Vindictive Temperance.' To do good we must be consistent. Show to the beer and cider drinker and to the tobacco smoker, that we mean what we say, that we are wishing to lead them from error to that which is right. It is rather paradoxical, however, when a church al member calls to the people to abstain from wine, and cider, and alcohol because they are injurious to the health, while at the same time he indulges largely in the chewing and smoking of tobacco. For the present we shall conclude that there are two or more kinds of temperance in the land, one the herald of 'glad tidings' and the others faithless and truthless representations. The subject of cremation is slowly but surely gaining a hold on the minds of the people. Already it is reported that societies have been formed in several of the United States, while in Italy, Germany and England, Crematories are in successful operation. The subject is not popular, however, as it is a strange innovation, hailing as it does from the land of the heathen and revived among as by Free Thinkers or Radicals who are not expected to have much of a chance in the resurrection. It is quite fortunate, in this case that these cremationists propose to burn the dead instead of the living, and as they say, 'to preserve from corruption the air we breathe and the water we drink.'