Farm and Garden Principles Governing the Production of Milk .—From an article on this subject in the Scientific Farmer, we condense the following items : 'I understand very well, as probably every man does who handles milk, that there is a wide difference in the composition of pure milk, especially in the matter of the percentage of butter. All milk is richer in September than in June, and it varies in this respect in different seasons in the same herd or cow. The cow that is fleshy gives milk richer in butter than the cow that is thin and poor. One that has reached her full maturity givesbetter milk than she did before she reached that age. A cow that is gaining flesh day by day gives a richer milk than a cow that is losing it gradually. Experience has taught me that a cow's milk very deficient in butter often fattens a finer calf than that of a first class butter cow. When a man tells me what a splendid fat calf his cow always rears, I do not wish to perchase her for a butter cow. A man cannot procure milk profitably for any purpose without feeding his cows liberally with good, sound, healthy nutritious food. It requires a certain amount of food to supply the demands of nature. All above that amount which she will take and assimilate will be converted into milk and flesh. The herd should be kept warm in winter and fed and watered with regularity. This diet should be varied as much as convenience will allow.' The Striped Bug .—Every gardener knows that this is a most destructive insect among melon, cucumber and other young vines, sometimes damaging the crop seriously. Many remedies have been suggested, some of them no donbt good in their way but troublesome. Now we have tried, for several years, another which has-proved a complete success. Instead of aiming to drive away the insect by soot, ashes, &amp;, we pet it, or rather furnish it with food better than the young melon and cucumber plants. We sow around each planting a few radish seeds, and coming up about the same time, the tops supply pasture for the bug which it much pre- 92 SHAKER MANIFESTO. fers to the vines. Lettuce will also answer, but the radish is rather liked the best. While our vines are untouched by making this little provision for it, the young radish tops are completely perforated. Should this fail, which is seldom the case and has never been with us, sprinkle the vines with a solution of whale-oil, soap and water. No other insect but the curculio can stand this. When this preparation is not attainable, a week solution of carbolic disinfectant soap will answer as well. — Gfer. Tel.