H. S. KELLOGG An ancient maxim says, 'Speak nothing but good of the dead;' but it surely would be more consistent for the true Christian to speak nothing but truth of any, whether in the body or out. Those with hopes and aspirations centered on this life, whose thoughts are engrossed by the narrow affections of earthly relationships, or perhaps lost in the elements of the world, will find nothing but terror in the thought of death. But they, who, by the love of God, the baptism of fire and the Holy Spirit, have fought the good fight, who have mounted up like eagles in spiritual aspiration,—such have also tasted of those divine powers which will yield a more abundant harvest. The aspiration of the Christian, under such heavenly influences will be to work out a character in true practical life which may bear the test of Christ. We will briefly review the life of the deceased. At the age of nineteen years he received faith in the testimony of Christ's Second Appearing as manifested among Believers, and as soon as circumstances permitted moved into the Society at Enfield, Conn. He was then twenty one years of age. It was through much tribulation that he gained a permanent planting in the faith. He has been for forty five years a true and consistent Believer in Christ. For many years he officiated as a Trustee and for a few years as an Elder. Though of a feeble constitution, he possessed the spirit of determination which enabled him to triumph over every burden. His life has been a protest against the evils of the world. He has always had a testimony against sin, and kept that spirit power which is the life of the soul. He was a ministration of strength to those whowere young; many have leaned on his strength and loved him for his tenderness of heart. Though bearing a heavy burden in society he preserved his faith unchanged, and gained the love and esteem of all who knew him. It is over such, that death hath no power; the soul has within itself the consciousness that this is only an angel call to 'Come up higher;' to enter new fields of self-discipline and spiritual culture. Enfield, Conn,