House-hold The air we breathe Dio Lewis .—Our first, constant and imperative need is pure air. If we lack this, we have nothing. Upon this vital point intelligent people are sadly and willfully stupid. A large majority of the cars, theatres, halls, parlors and churches are dens of poisons. It must be a strong attraction which can draw me to a public hall. In lectures before lyceums I quarrel with the managers about the atmosphere of the hall. I return from church sincerely doubting whether I have not committed sin in exposing myself in a poisonous atmosphere. The eminent Baudeloque declared it as his conviction that the lack of proper ventilation in our dwellings is the principle cause of scrofula. He believed if there be pure air, bad food, improper clothing and want of cleanliness will not produce scrofula. Sir James Clarke expressed the opinion that the bad air of our nurseries, sitting rooms and bed rooms produce an immense amount of scrofulous disease. As a medical man I have visited thousands of the sick, but have never found one hundred of them in a pure atmosphere. Among the well, not one in a hundred sleep in a well ven SHAKER MANIFESTO. 91 tilated room. The air of our close furnace heated houses produces fits in our cats and dogs, and would kill our horses or cows in a few months. God has provided this immense atmospheric ocean, a hundred miles deep, with its winds and hurricanes, an exhaustless fountain of life and health! What a shame to our civilization that we should expend thousands of dollars in erecting jplendid houses, and so contrive them as to compel ourselves to breathe, instead of the pure air of Heaven, a vile mixture of the poisonous execrations from our own bodies, and the poisonons gases emanating from our gas-burners and fires.— Dr. in Golden Rule Moth Preventive .—A correspondent of the Furniture Gazette commends the following remedy for exterminating moths in carpets and furniture. After some years of experience with the troublesome pests, says the writer, I found a sure preventive of moths in pitch paper, the same as roofers use. The moth will live and grow on cayenne pepper and tobacco, while I could never see that the use of these articles kept the moth miller out The plan for the furniture dealer or housewife is to cut the paper in slips and place about the room, under and behind sofas, chairs etc. This should be done as early as the middle of April, and in warm climates earli. er. If the dealer wishes to make parlor suits moth proof he should place on the inside of backs of chairs and seats small strips of the pitch paper, and rest assured that the miller will not select these places to deposit eggs. It is the miller that is the foundation of all the mischief. Ivy Poisoning .—For dog-wood, or ivy poi soning the following is said to be an infallible remedy: Boil wood ashes enough to make a strong lye ; wash the poisoned parts in this ; let it remain a few minutes and wash off in soft luke-warm water ; when dry anoint with grease. Repeat this process as the poison develops itself, and one or two applications wilj cure the most obstinate cases. It acts like magic.