CHANGE ANNA WHITE ''Change is stamped on all things here below.' Every thing that the eyes can see, the hands handle, or, that any of the senses are able to discern, confirm the truth of that saying. The rolling seasons as they alternate, bringing forth their extremes of heat and cold, at one time producing fruitage in abundance, pouring into the lap of the industrious tiller of the soil a rich harvest reward, and fiUing his storehouse with precious sheaves of grain making his heart glad ; but, gradually a change comes over the face of the earth, and all is reversed ! The streams that we saw while the summer's sun was shining, brightly sparkling with beauty and running their course towards their home in those larger reservoirs, the rivers, lakes and oceans, are now ice-bound and rigid, and seemingly all nature is wrapped and infolded in the firm grasp of death. It is only so in appearance ; it is winter ; but spring returns ; the birds again are heard filling the air with their musical notes, and the fields are once more dressed in living green. Thus we see and feel that growth and expansion, decay and contraction, i? the law or balancing force in nature. Analagous to this is the history of the human race through the different stages of life from infancy to youth, full manhood and old age. As they increase in stature, their strength—physically and mentally if in a healthy condition—increases in proportion ; and the spiritual faculties also develop to a greater or less degree. Thus change is wrought through the realms of mind and matter ; and such has been the process from time immemorial and according to the nature of things, will continue so to be, 'For we are the same Our fathers have been; We see the same sights Our fathers have seen—¦ We drink the same stream And view the same sun— And run the same course Our fathers have run The thoughts we are thinking Our fathers would think; From the death we are shrinking Our fathers would shrink* To the life we are clinging They also would cling; But it speeds for us all, Like a bird on the wkig.' If it be true, as the wise Solomon declaimed in his day, that there is no new thing under the sun, then there might be a suspension of ideas, a curtailing of thought, bounded by present conditions and circumstances. The sun will never fail to warm and light the earth, if it proves true according to promise : 'That while the earth remaineth, seed-time and harvest, cold and heat, summer and winter, day and night shall not cease.' Life and death, in the outward, visible creation, are inseparably connected ; they walk hand in hand together ; but SHAKER MANIFESTO. 109 in the spiritual area, there is no death ! Life and progress is the grand impress that is stamped upon all that is really spiritual and divine; and whether we commence to ascend the high hills of religious truth, above the material, outward and sensuous, while our spirits inhabit the clay tenement, or in spirit spheres, in proportion to our zeal, energy and devotion, so will our inheritance be, and the gift of eternal life our triumphant reward. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.