Correspondence London, England, Feb. 17, 1882 T. London, England, Feb. 17, 1882 Dear Eldress Caroline:—Will you please accept my thanks for your kind notice. I have looked forward to the pleasure of sometime visiting your community again, but years roll on and one's youth and strength go past recall. Even when we were in New England in 1879, I must have been not far from Enfield. for I went across the state from Northern New York to Boston and then to Providence. At the end of a long day I only reached the latter place at midnight to be in time for a funeral. Mr. T - - went from Plattsburg to Montreal and south by a different route, or he would have liked to look in on the peaceful life of your Community. Enclosed you will find five dollars, which please credit to my account, in advance payment for the Manifesto. I always read the Shaker paper with interest and pleasure, and sometimes pass my copy into Mrs H—the widow of a prominent spiritualist and physician, who died a few years ago. She is an advanced thinker and a splendid medium. She hardly ever speaks of her gifts and only a few people know her as she is. Her daughters are good yoixng women. One of them is in America and if it should be in your way to see her, you will find her full of thought on all the great questions of the day. Mr. C—sent us his photograph the other day to add to our collection of Anti-Vaccinators. I do not know, dear madam, whether I may venture to place you with these people or whether Elder Frederic Evans will allow himself to be classed withanti-vaccinators. The weather has been until now very dark ever since early in December. No doubt you read of our fearful fogs which so alarmingly increase our death rate. I was on a train that was run into on one of the worst days. It fortunately happened that no one was hurt, but a good many of us were well shaken, and an empty railway carriage at the end of the train was broken to pieces. I opened a window to see where we were, but the fog rolled in exactly like smoke out of a foul chimney and we could do nothing but sit still. Happily we soon drew up to a station where there were torches. Gas is of no use in such dreadful darkness as fog makes. I wish we might sometime show you or your friends, hospitality in our home. We are not always in a fog, as the spring and summer are often delightful. I am sorry we were away from England on the occasion of Elder Frederic Evan's visit to this country, but we hear him spoken of with pleasure by our friends. There is a growing movement outside of spiritualism mostly in favor of Vegetarianism. Do the Shakers form a system of living? As a family several of us live as vegetarians tor a season and then go back to a very little meat. I fancy meat rather clogs the system and prevents us from getting our best inspirations On the other hand, meat may make us better able to 'hew wood and draw water' and do our work in the world. May you dear Eldress have much pleasure in all this New Year. Truly yours— Tunnel Hill, Ga. Feb. 1882 Lizzie M. Stevenson Tunnel Hill, Ga. Feb. 1882 Editor of Manifesto :—I feel impressed to write you a f'-w lines. I have had the pleasure of reading the Manifesto some four years, and it is a welcome visitor. From no other source could I get such good teachings, except from the New Testament. I have a love for the Shaker Society : for its purity and self-denials. I am led to believe that the Shaker Church is Christ's Clrurch, as the faith is that which Christ teaches. I think, however, that some of the writers of the Manifesto are very hard on the marriage question. If the married are all sinners against the law and commandments of God, what is to become of them. I am married and the mother of six living children, and yet I am desirous of living a true Christian life. I am seeking for truth and knowledge and earnestly hoping to obtain it, and yet it seems almost impossible to be a Christian while absorbed in the life of the world. My advice to the unmarried, is like that of the Apostle ; if they are able to deny themselves and take up the cross of Christ, to do so at once, and obtain happiness in this world, and the reward of Eternal Life. I send my love and kind wishes to all the good Shakers. Your well wisher,