WHAT IS THE MATTER? GILES B. AVERY There is a conception, in the leading public mind, that even what is called enlightened, and Christian Society is losing faith and fervor, in much that is called religion ! The Organs of some of the Churches declare that the Churches are losing ground ; and, that of some of the most popular and populous denominations the ratio of increase of Church Members is not one to four thousand churches. That the numbers of young men for the Ministry, in our Colleges is falling off every year. That many of the wealthiest Congregations in our cities are without Pastors. That there is a general mourning that revivals cease ! That Church attendance is falling off. That heretical Preachers have the largest audiences! &amp;c. &amp;c. And, an able and eminent Scotchman tells M. D. Conway that ''The apparent strength of the old theology in Scotland is all a sham ; that it is all undermined, and, that at no distant day, it will collapse in a startling way!' (Scotland has been the strong hold of Orthodoxy !) But, Dr. C. II. Balsbaugh affirms ''There is not a sillier, more inconsistent class of men on God's earth than the God disowning scientists. In the same breath, and with the same penfnl of ink, they are constrained to tell the world, that, at every step, in their investigations of matter, they find the justification of the Christian faith ! The day is here in which the boasters and blasphemers are strengthening the testimony, and enriching the literature of the Church of the Living God.' But, as says Draper, ''We here, at the outset, distinguish between Christianity and Ecclesiastical Organizations.' 'The former is the gift of God : the latter are the product of human exigencies and human invention, and, therefore, open to criticism, or, if need be, to condemnation.' But. with reference to the waning of church members, church going, and Church, or creedal Christianity, souls interested in human weal ask, What is the cause of this state of society? In reply we would ask another question. Would a hungry man, seated at a table laden with choice food healthful, tasty and savory, with-draw therefrom before he has partaken to satisfaction, or before hunger is appeased? Such a mr.nner would be contrary to common experience! May we not then reasonably conclude, that, at least, one strong reason of Congregational decimation, the paucity of church members ; the lack of church attendance and religious decline, is to be found in the lack of spiritual, soul food in the churches ? And, may not another very prominent cause be found in the fact, as presented to the conceptions of some souls at least, that light, on Christian principles, has so increased in the public understanding, as to discover the errors in many of the Creeds of so-called Christian Faith? Creeds which shroud faith and religion in mystery an'd inconsistency; Creeds which make God a revengeful Tyrant, more cruel than the savages of the cannibal races ! Creeds which despoil justice of her rewards, and give the lie to God's goodness and love,*1 His charity and mercy makes as chaff, and crowns the fiat of His alleged decrees with daggers which pierce the human soul with horror, and anoint their murderous wounds with despair. In this we refer 106 SHAKER MANIFESTO. to what is taught as the vicarious atonement of Jesus, for the sins of all who believe in His Divinity, and confess him to be the Savior of man in sin, by, and through his sufferings for sin, on the Jewish wooden cross. Orthodox Christian Believers, so called, affect to beh'eve in a Heavenly Father God ; that Jesus Christ is God— the Son God ; that the Holy Ghost is God ; that these three Gods are but one God; that Mary was the mother of God—the Son—though some modify this, by assuming that Jesus was both God and Man—and that Mary was the mother of his manhood, but the Holy Ghost was the mother of his Godhood ; yet, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are all males, and all of an equal age, all eternal, yet, the Son God, though uncreated, was begotten by the Holy Ghost, the male !—the mother God ! ! It is not revealed how the Holy Ghost can be, at the same time one of the trinity of male Gods, and the mother God of the Son ! and no older than his,—her child ! That God, the Father, in His anger with the sins of man, laid ;ipon his fellow Son God—Jesus, the burden of the sins of humanity, and provided for his death by the sin of the wicked Jews in crucifying him that His wrath might be appeased, and His love to man thus manifested ! How His» attribute of justice, or love to His Son God was thus vindicated we are not informed ! Is it strange, that, when the spiritual understanding of mankind are enlightened to discover these inconsistencies in religious creeds they should not be able to adopt them? To have faith in such a God requires ignorance,—soul darkness, and slavish fear ! (To BE CONTINUED.)