Books and Papers Books and Papers The Watchman : Weekly : By the Watchman Publishing Company, Boston, Mass. It is a devoted and able exponent of that order of Christians known as Baptists. The information in its columns having reference to the ecclesiastical policy of the church is very extended. A Christian liberality makes it an interesting paper. The page devoted to the 'Family Circle,' is always filled with stories long and short, with Poetry, with Pleasantries and with knots to tie and untie, and cannot fail to instruct and amuse all who are so fortunate as to see the paper. Hall's Journal of Health; March; Pub. by E. 11. Uibbs, A. M., M. D. 141 Eighth St. N. Y. Among the long list of excellent articles may be found the following. Men and Animals; Diphtheria and its Cause; Cure for Drunkenness; A Lesson in Etiquette; The Demon of Chloral; To stop Coughing; Heart Disease; Fever and Ague; A Small Pox Preventive; Daniel Webster's Presence, etc. Terms, $2.00 a year, $ 1.00 for six months. Single copy, 20 cents. Phrenological Journal: April; Pub. by Fowler &amp; Wells, 755 Broadway, A*. Y. This number has a fine life-like portrait of Hon. Wendell Phillips, the Orator, Agitator and Reformer, also an extended biographical notice of this remarkable man. 'One looking at his amiable face, lit as it is with smiling eyes, would not dream that he could say bitter words that could bite and stinglong after they had been uttered.' The Causes and Cure of Insanity, by Amelia V. Petit; A very interesting and fully illustrated article on Tools and Instruments of Ancient Man; Phrenological Commentator, No. 5; A well balanced Woman bj* Anna Randall—Diehl; Louise Michel, the French Socialist, with portrait; In the Department on The Science of Health, we find— Why there is so much disease; Unhealthy Reading; Kitchen Leaflets; Hints to Sleepers; etc. Editorial Items; Personal, Wisdom, Mirth, Library, etc. Riches and Poverty ; A Theoretical and Practical Solution of the Labor Question, by William Hanson, New York, 128 Front Street. The Author is a professing Christian, and out of sympathy for the distressed has given lifteen years of constant thought to a solution of this difficult problem. Price, per copy, bound in pamphlet form, 25 cts. The Southern World; Semi-monthly; W.G. Whidby, Ed. Pub. by the Southern World Pubi lishing Company, Atlair.a, G.A. In its notice to correspondents it says, 'Ft is our aim to make the Southern World a medium for the diffusion of practical information upon all agricultural and mechanical subjects, and to this end we invite communications upon all rural subjects, experimental results, crops, news, Domestic economy, etc., and upon topics of interest to mechanics, manufacturers and miners.' Certainly this number of the Southern World proves to be very interesting and instructive; Several of the articles are illustrated. It is a paper of sixteen large pages of nice, white, paper and clear, clean cut, black print, items of great importance in this day of feeble eye sight. Terms, $1.00 per. year. The Medical Call : Quarterly; Edited by W. D.Foster, M. D. and O. II. Crandell, M. D. Quincy, 111. Tue January number is the first of Volume second, and has a very extended table of contents, which teaches what is 'adapted to the wants of the busy doctor.' It also expressly invites the fullest expression of opinion from all quarters.' Terms, fifty cents per. annum. Single copies, fifteen cents. 'The South;' Monthly; Pub. by The South Publishing Company, Is. Y. This is a large, well printed, excellent and interesting paper of 28 pages 'A Journal of Southern and South-western Progress.' It is devoted expressly in the interest of developing the vast resources of that wonderful Eden land. The South contains articles of information referring to the climate, the soil, the products, the water courses, the forrests, etc. etc. so essential to those who contemplate a journey into that section. It has departments devoted'especially to scientific, Agricultural and home interest; also letters of travel from interested friends, and an abundance of beneficial and profitable matter. Terms, $2.00 per. year or 20 cts. per. copy. The following are among the contents of The Homiletic Monthly for April; Sermonic; 'Sin audits Reproof,' by Joseph T. Duryea, D.D.; 'Difficulties of the Preacher,' by Rev. Henry WardBeccher; Ko Waste in Love,' by Joseph Parker, D.D.; 'Salvation and its adjuncts,' by William Booth, D.D.; An Anniversary Service: 'Gratitude and Hopefulness,' by T. De Witt Talmage, D.D. Then we have the following papers : 'Light on Important Texts,' by Howard Crosby, D. D.; 'Preaching to Children,' by Rev. W. F. Crafts; 'Indexing a Clergyman's Library,' by J. Stamford Holme, D.D.; 'Lecturers to my Students,' by Rev. Charles II. Spurgcon. There are a score or more of very suggestive articles, grouped under the heads of 'Preachers Exchanging Views,' 'Sermonic Criticisms,' and 'Living Issues for Pulpit Treatment.' The magazine is full of interest and instruction to clergymen and other students of Scripture. Price, $2.50. per year; single number, 25 cents. Funk &amp; Wagnalls, 10 and 12 Dey Street, New York. Herald of Health : April; Pub. by M. L. IIolbrook, 13 &amp; 15 Laight St. N. Y. The 'general articles' of this number are Habits of Journalists; Hygiene of the Kitchen; The Child's Charter; Top-