JOB BISHOP HENRY C. BLINN BY (Continued from last number.) During a term of more than forty years, Father Job Bishop gave his whole life to the interests of the Societies in New Hampshire. He allowed no object of minor consideration to absorb his time or to detract from the loyalty which he owed to God. His willing obedience was far greater than he asked of others. The order before him was his life pattern of righteousness. Conforming to this with a conscientious exactness, he would allow of no varia'ion in the style of dress, in the form of a building, in the color of the paint, or in the attachments or capacity of any thing that was manufactured, beyond 'the pattern shown in the Mount.' Abundantly gifted in the manifestations of spirit power, he was a firm believer that the pure in heart, only, could see God ; that those who really hunger and thirst after righteousness are the ones that are filled with the treasures of Christ's kingdom. Several instances are recorded where the power of healing was wonderfully exhibited in him, and yet he rarely exercised this peculiar phase of spirit mediation. As Mother Ann had beeo to her SHAKER MANIFESTO. 103 spiritual son, Job, all that a mother in Israel could be ; holding him to a strict accountability before God, and instructing him in those lessons of wisdom that made his life a way of pleasantness and his path one of peace, he returned the kindness by a reverential regard and an affectionate love for his spiritual benefactress. These effectual prayers were wrought out in the gift of God, and as seed '•sown in good ground,' they yielded, in righteousness, an abundant harvest. Three days previous to the death of Mother Ann, which occurred Sept. 8, 1784, Job visited Watervliet, N. Y. for the express purpose of seeing her once more in the body, and to testify again his thankfulness for her ministration to him, of God's love. Mother Ann soon learned that he was present and sent word by her attendant, Lucy Wright, for Job to call and see her. At this interview, she was sitting in a chair ; her bodily strength was far exhausted, but her mind was sound and her spirit firm and serene. She spoke to him—'Job, I shall soon be taken from the body, but the gospel of truth will never be taken away from you, if you are faithful. Be not discouraged, nor cast down : God will not leave his people. You are a young man, and have received many blessed gifts. Go and be faithful and zealous and when you travel to your place in the Church, you will possess all these beautiful treasures.' In his extended ministration as a spiritual teacher every promise was verified and the thankfulness of his heart was a living witness of the truth he had received. The death of Father Job Bishop occurred in Canterbury on the 5th. of Dec. 1831, at forty five minutes past ten o'clock, P. M. at the age of 70 yrs. 2 months and 6 days. The event had been long anticipated as he was suffering from a dropsical affection of the heart. He had returned from Enfield on the second of Feb. with the other members of the order of Ministry and though feeble in body, was more comfortable on the day of his death than usual. Soon after retiring to rest for the night he arose to relieve his difficulty in breathing and immediately expired. Messengers were sent to the Societies at New Lebanon, N. Y. ; Harvard, Mass. ; Enfield, N. H. ; and Alfred, Me., to give information of the death of our beloved Father. Five persons arrived from Enfield, N. H. on the 7th., and on the 8th. two from Alfred. The funeral was held in the church on the 8th inst. at two o'clock P. M. and contrary to the usual custom of Believers, was made public. All the members belonging to the Society in Canterbury attended, also those who came from Enfield and Alfred. Several strangersAvere present, among whom was the Rerv-. William Pattrick of the Congregational Church, and the Rev. John Harriman of the Free Christian Church. Elder Micajah Tucker conducted the exercises and made the opening remarks which were replete with tenderness and sympathy, as he illustrated the characteristic virtues manifested by our beloved parent in the gospel. His precepts and his examples were lovingly conjoined. We were reminded of the accountability that avvaite:] each one for the many privileges we had shared, while hearing his kind instructions. Elder Benjamin Whitcher who had been the companion of Father Job for more than twenty years, spoke of his 104 SHAKER MANIFESTO. faithfulness and fervency in promoting the cause of truth ; that Father Job spared no pains, day nor night, in sickness and in health, in doing his duty as a faithful watchman in the Zion of God. He was a lovely teacher of Godliness. On the receiving of the least, favor he had a very pleasant manner of manifesting his gratitude and in the returning of thanks. Even the little children looked upon our kind Father with reverence and respect, and their attention was always affectionately reciprocated. Elder John Lyon of Enfield, N. H. delivered a very appropriate address concerning the world that is to come, in which he illustrated the spirit of the Scriptures where they declared that in it should dwell everlasting righteousness and peace. Elder Elisha Pote of Alfred, Me. arrived just as the service was being closed. For many years he had maintained an intimate acquaintance with Father Job and was considered a very near and dear friend. His affectionate regard for Father was like the conliding trust of a child toward its parent. Elder Elisha entered the church without ceremony and advanced toward the coffin, which was placed on a table in the center of the room. With bowed head and in his feeble, tremulous voice he repeated the Scriptural quotation,— kkBlessed are the dead that die in the Lord, for from henceforth they rest from their labors and their works do follow them.' Many wept in silent sympathy with Elder Elisha. By invitation he made a few remarks touching upon their former acquaintance and friendship and oi .the spiritual gift that should be maintained in the Church of God. Liberty was now given for any who so wished to view the remains which were enclosed in a plain, white coffm. Canterbury N. H.