Juvenile A SCENE IN SCHOOL An incident occurred in a public school of Roxbury, during the master-ship of Dr. Nathaniel Prentice, which exhibited the noble side of boy-nature. It has been often told, but will bear repeating. Dr. Prentice threatened to punish with six blows of a heavy ferule the first boy detected in whispering, and appointed detectives. Shortly after, one of them shouted. ''Master, John Zigler is whispering.' John was called up, and asked if it was a fact. John, by the way, was a favorite both with his teacher and schoolmates. 'Yes,' answered John 'I was not aware what I was about. I was intent on working out a sum, and requested the boy who sat next to hand me an arithmetic that contained the rule which I wished to see.' The doctor regretted his hasty threat, but told John that be could nbt suffer him to' whisper, or escape the punishment; and continued, 'I wish I could avoid it, but cannot without a forfeiture of my word. I will,' he continued, 'leave it to any three scholars you may choose, to say whether or not I omit the punishment.' John said he would agree to that, and immediately called out three boys. The doctor told them to return a verdict, which they soon did, after consultation as follows : 'The master's word must be kept inviolate. John must receive the threatened six blows of the ferule, but it must be inflicted on voluntary proxies, and we the arbitrators will share the punishment by receiving each of us two of the blows.' John, who had listened to the verdict, stepped up to the doctor, and with outstretched hand, exclaimed, 'Master, here is my hand; they shan't be struck a blow. 1 will receive the punishment.' The doctor under pretence of wiping his face, shielded his eyes, and telling the boys to goto their seats, said he would think over it to Ins dying day ; but the punishment ' ; never inflicted. Subtlety may deceive you; integrity never will Cromwell Subtlety may deceive you; integrity never will.—. THE COLLEGE MOUSE THE COLLEGE MOUSE. There was a little mouse Who lived in a college ; Why did he live there? Was he fond of knowledge-'' Did he wish to master Philosophy and Greek? Did he think the music Better than his squeak? No ; he only wanted To be away from cats, And trap-setting Biddies, And overbearing rats. He roomed with a student Not very fond of study, Who often ate and drank Until his bruins were muddy. Then the little mousey, From his hole would peep, And when he saw his room-mate Safe and sound asleep, Would climb upon the table, And help himself to cheese, And sitting on his haunches, Would nibble at his ease When his meal was ended, He would run about the floor, Searching all the corners He had not searched before. His bed vras 'neath the hearthstone So cosy and warm. Nothing could get at him To do him any harm. He was a happy mousey As ever came along, Therefore have I made him The subject ot my song. S. S. Herald.