TO-DAY NANCY G. DANFORTH ' To-day if ye shall hear his voice, harden not your hearts.''' The 'to-day' when we hear the voice of God, is the time present when conviction first enters the soul, calling ns to leave the ways of sin, and yield oarselves, soul and body, to his service. To say that all will be eternally miserable who do not repent in this life, would be to limit the power of the Holy One of Israel. There are millions upon millions who have lived and died without so much as ever hearing that there was a gospel, or a way of salvation, by which fallen man could again find his union with his Creator. Shall they forever suffer for violating laws of which they never heard? No hu nan earthly parent would be so unjust. Then why do we judge thus of our heavenly Father, who is all merciful and forgiving? It seems like blasphemy to say of our God that He, will punish to all eternity, any being which He has created, for the sins committed in the short space of a mortal life, without any possibility of escape or repentance. All the kindly feelings of our nature revolt at the idea, as being unjust and cruel in the extreme. What is the term of three-score and ten years, when compared with etei rial ages ? No more than an atom of sand by the side of the mighty universe. It would seem to us, to be more consistent with the attributes of our God, who is a kind loving Father and a tender forgiving Mother, that as the death of the body makes no change with the condition of the spirit ; so probation does not then cease. In this way, those who have not had an offer of salvation in the present life, may still have a chance to repent of their errors, if they but heed the warning, when the 'day' comes that they 'hear the voice' of tender compassion inviting them to leave the wilds of unrighteousness where they have so long wandered, and henceforth walk in Wisdom's ways which are paths of pleasantness and peace. This view of the subject gives no license to postpone the day of reconciliation to Gd, for when his 'voice' whispers that all is not well, urging us to leave old habits, andcomeinto 'newness of life,' the work is to be attended to at once 'while it is called to-day.' Let us not slight the drawings of the Father, whereby we may be led into sweet communion with Christ: 'In whom are hid all the treasures of wis dom and knowledge.' Canterbury, N. H.