Letter Box Shaker Village, N. H. Lizzie Shaker Village, N. H. Dearly Loved Mother Eunice ;—What could bring more pleasure to one youthful like myself, than to realize the love of a dear good Mother and friend, as I do through the medi um of your epistles, so fragrant with the wisdom and goodness of a long experience in the Christian work. 1 hardly think strange that when I read them to my companions they feel somewhat jealous. Last evening we had an unusually good meeting. The recent anniversary of the birth of our Mother Ann Lee, caused many references to be made of her, and the sacred revelation which makes her children free from the bondage of sin. The following beautiful piece was sung : ¦'I am never forgotten, never forsaken While I trust in my Mother above; She careth for me, and hath set me free, I joy in her unbounded love. 0 Mother ! bright in thy glory 1 see thee, mid halos of light, Crowned in thy victory, bathed in purity, Thy robes are eternally white ' The meeting throughout, breathed the inspiration of a Mother's Angel spirit. My soul enjoyed the season, and I hope my life will be such, that the benefits received in these spiritual seasons may leave its impress upon my character. You will please accept my promise that I will 'never weary climbing,' or striving, until I am just the good girl that I so wish to be. Be so kind as to still love and pray for me. I do so dearly love a good true Mother; why sometimes when I think of it, it seems to me that a Mother is the most beautiful being God ever made. Your Affectionate Daughter in the Lord Harvard, Mass April, 1882 Eunice Bathrick Harvard, Mass April, 1882 My Dear Daughter;—I received yours on the second inst. Many thanks for the same, when I read it, and look upon the pretty souvenir, I shall think of my little daughter. I love birds and flowers, and have been delighted for several days in listening to their sweet music; they seem to join in concert to welcome returning Spring. The blackbirds have already held their annual Jubilee. It is really amusing to witness their gleeful motions, hopping from twig to twig while they send forth their joyous notes in merry songs of gladness, that winter has passed and they can return to their pleasant haunts. It may seem trifling to some, in one who is eighty eight years of age to think so much of birds and flowers ; but they have been strown 114 SHAKER MANIFESTO. in our path by creative Power whose works in their primeval state of innocence I ever admire and why not enjoy them? While contemplating the beauties of nature, I feel that I am communing with God ; for he seems to speak through each tree, blade, and flower. I am much pleased with the account of your beautiful meeting in commemoration'of the birth of our Mother, am glad you enjoyed it so much for this is a good omen ; as children who love and obey their Mothers, generally make the best men and women; and those who find a Mother in Christ, and love and obey her, are sure of finding heaven here and here-after too. If I may judge by the sentiments contained in your letter, and if you will patiently submit to the grinding and polishing process you must endure before being fitted for the Master's use, you will become u bright ornament in the courts of Zion. Ever aspire more ardently for vital goodness than for greatness; a wise man once said: 'All who are truly good, are truly great.' If we cultivate and improve 'our talents to the best advantage, we shall be satisfied in the end with our life work. You say : 'I will never weary climbing.'' This is just the state in which every true Christian will be found, whether aged or young; and if careful to discard, as soon as discovered, every thing that does not harmonize with the Christ spirit, it will greatly facilitate our ascent; for the less burden we carry, the easier it is to climb. Give my love to all your dear companions. Tell them never to 'grow weary' in bearing the cross ; for their crowns will far outweigh all losses, and crosses. Affectionately, Your Spiritual Mother,