Select HENRY VINCENT ON ELDER EVANS Henry Vincent tells us this story: 'While Elder Frederic W. Evans was holding meetings in England in 1871, one of the Christian brethren became somewhat nervously excited over some of the theological views expressed by the good elder, and called out: 'What did Jesus Christ come into this world for? / demand of you what Jesus Christ came into this world for f Elder Frederic paused in his discourse, and slightly leaning forward to get a better view of his assailant, spoke in his peculiar, clear voice: 'My friend, Jesus Christ came into this world to teach such men as you are how to govern their tempers.' ' A MINISTER OF THE OLDEN TIMES There was once a minister of the gospel Who never built a church. Who never preached in one. Who never proposed a church fair to buy the church a new carpet. Who never founded a new sect. Who never belonged to any sect. Who frequented public houses and drank wine with sinners. Who never received a salary. Who never asked for one. Who never wore a black suit, nor a white neck tie. Who never used a prayer book. Or a hymn book. Or wrote a sermon. Who never hired a cornet soloist to draw souls to hear the 'words.' Who never advertised his sermons. Who never even took a text for his sermons. Who never went through a course of theological study. Who was never ordained. Who never was even 'converted.' Who never went to conference. Who was he? Christ. N. Y. Graphic. THE TAPESTRY WEAVERS Let us take to our hearts a lesson—no lesson can braver be— From the ways of the tapestry weavers on the other side of the sea. Above their heads the pattern hangs, they study it with care. The while their fingers deftly work their eyes are fastened there. They tell this curious thing, besides, of the patient, plodding weaver; He works on the wrong side evermore, but works for the right side ever. It is only when the weaving stops, and the web is loosed and turned, That he sees his real handiwork—that his marvelous skill is learned. Ah, the sight of its delicate beauty, how it pays him for all of his cost! No rarer, daintier work than his was ever done by the frost. Then the master bringeth him golden hire, and giveth him praise as well, And how happy the heart of the weaver is no tongue but his own can tell. . The years of man are the looms of God, let down from the place of the sun, Wherein we are weaving alway, till the mystic web is done. Weaving blindly, but weaving surely, each for himself his fate ; We may not see how the right side looks— we can only weave and wait. But, looking above for the pattern, no weaver hath need to fear; Only let him look clear into heaven—the Perfect Pattern is there. If he keeps the face of the Savior forever and always in sight, His toil shall be sweeter than honey, his weaving is sure to be right. And, when his task is ended, and the web is turned and shown, He shall hear the voice of the Master, it shall say to him, 'Well done!' And the white winged angels of Heaven, to bear him thence shall come down, And God shall give him gold for his hire— not coin, but a crown! Scribner's for October.