COMMUNAL RELATIONS O. C. HAMPTON In a Community of Believers, the interests of one are the interests of all. There are no privileged parties possessing a right to absorb into themselves a greater number of communal interests than any others. And yet communities and all other organizations must have departments of direction and manipulation. These departments must be filled and manipulated by Committees best skilled in their manipulation. These departments represent the interests, spiritual, temporal, intellectual, financial and economical, of the Community. While all are eligible to the privileges, gifts, comforts and blessings of the Community, still all cannot belong promiscuously to any and all the Executive committees. The reason of this is found 1st, in the great inequality of physical and mental ability ; 2nd, in the immense versatility in talent genius and experience. Consequently absolute equality of mere standing as it regards the occupancy of offices of care and burden among Believers is 100 SHAKEIT MANIFESTO. an impossibility. But this does not necessarily interfere with the equality of enjoyment in all the blessings of existence, spiritual, intellectual or physical. It is only a verification of the great Law of God's Providence, wherein 'the greatest good is secured to the greatest number.' Some of these offices are of greater magnitude and responsibility than others, and consequently require minds of greater magnitude to manipulate them successfully. This extends even to all departments of the common pursuits of life. It is easier, and requires a mind of less magnitude to wind a ball of yarn than to run a steam engine, a:;d so of all the rest. This is a species of inequality among mankind that cannot be remedied in time. All cannot be equally good ball-winders, engine runners, school teachers, doctors, mechanics, herdsmen or seamstresses. This inexhaustible variety in mental and physical powers creates an everlasting inequilibrium through all ranks of men and angels and the graduating scale of differences even in persons pursuing the very same trades, callings and offices, forms another infinite series of inequalities, some lower, some higher in the great scale, forever approaching toward perfection. It is folly therefore, to talk about any possible equality of conditions among mankind in matters and things above mentioned. Again, more or less experience in any business, lot of care, whether temporal or spiritual, makes all difference between persons, irrespective of their peculiar aptitudes therein. Another inevitable but vast difference and inequality will be found between two individuals one of whom has aptitude and long experience and the other inaptitude and an equally long experience. Once more ; one individual has been created better than another and remains so through life ; yet, neither is one entitled to special praise nor the other to special blame : but their inequality is a fact all the same. Finally, this inequality obtains throughout the material and spiritual Universe in the shape of inevitable gradations of intelligences from infinitely high and holy, to infinitely low, ignorant and imperfect. But all these series are ever ascending to higher and higher planes of perfection and goodness, and consequent happiness and glory, through the all-potent instrumentality of the great Law of Evolution and progress. So that each individual of the series will eventually enjoy not only all he is capable of enjoying, but also find himself elevated as far above those below him as he may find others above him. And in this sense as the series is infinite, without center or circumference; each individual is as much the center as every other, and consequently all will consider themselves equally blessed as soon as they are sufficiently developed to understand or comprehend the full scope of this subject. But again, here comes in sight another of the beautiful laws of the Universe, namely: that throughout the whole realm of existence, 'The lower or less progressed are blessed and elevated by the higher and more progressed' and from the very nature of progression, cannot be otherwise elevated. The Units of relation between intelligences are such, that no individual is independently capable of progress. If he rises at all, it must be through attraction toward a greater body SHAKER MANIFESTO. 101 of intelligence than he himself possesses, just as the attraction of gravitation, or electricity operates. But this greater mass is found in an individual or individuals immediately above him either visible or invisible, but most likely both. Consequently, the much mooted theory of 'Individual Sovereignty' of man or any other class of finite intelligences, seems to resolve itself into impalpable nonsense in the light of the theory of Evolution. These last remarks it seems to me might serve as a strong argument in favor of the correctness of our theory and practice, relative to our governmental machinery of Ministry, Elders, Trustees, Deacons and Instructors. Indeed it seems to me the best proof of inspiration from on high having been given to the founders of our Organization in the original establishment of the same. Now, I do not pretend to deny that the powers delegated to burden bearers in our community may not be and have not been, and will not be hereafter, more or less abused at times, and the rights of individuals ignored, through the weakness and imperfections of our common undeveloped rudimental status. But this in no wise militates against the theory here advocated, any more than the pains and sickness of gluttony militate against the propriety of eating good wholesome food. Besides, by the gradual diminution of our rudimental ignorances, arrogances, conceits, cruelties, jealousies and lusts, all such unholy use of power will be done away and the attractive and divine energy of Love, Mercy, Patience and Humility, take its place. Then will it be the sweet will and choice of all to live in the practice of perpetual peace and harmony. Then will each one 'see the travail of his soul and be satisfied.'' Then 'will there not be a dog to move his tongue in all God's holy mountain.' Then will a universal amnesty prevail, and charity and forgiveness soothe and calm all the fierce winds of contention and all the rough billows of practical injustice, insult, oppression and injury. Our organization is a self-mending machine and friction and antagonism must finally be eliminated from it and forced to 'flee to the uttermost parts of Egypt.' We shall progress in personal purity and practical righteousness toward each other and both our Administration and ourselves shall and will be all for peace, reconciliation and at-onement with God and each other ; not a system of force and coercion, but of wisdom, love and attraction. I may not see it in this life, but I feel it and know it and rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory in the halcyon prospect. Union Village, Ohio.