LET US REASON TOGETHER ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE Human life is enshrouded in mystery, from its incipient stages to the end. We hear, and see through the medium of the: external, or physical senses. If we claim to believe in God—a Supreme Ruler of tlip universe—a life in spheres beyond the present rtage of existence, and are asked our reasons for such belief, we cast about to rind the clearest proof, that we may reason lucidly and make our positions logical and easily understood. We know that we live, move and have existence in this mundane sphere ; but how we thus exist is not so easy to define. The mortal part is not the man, or woman ; the vesture worn is the first presentation to the sight; it is a covering to the physical form subject to decay ; the form is also composed of matter, that time, age and the action of the elements deteriorate, and cause to moulder and return to its former constituent parts. Through the revelation of science, in this comparativelv enlightened age, many claim that we derive our being from, and exist in the sun, the great central source of light to this niate.-ial world ; if that great luminary should cease to shine, and entirely withhold its rays from the earth's surface, vegetable and animal life would become extinct, and all would be death. So much has been said and written upon the subject, that it is unnecessary to go over the ground at this time. It must be evident to every intelligent mind, that some invisible power or force, outside or within, actuates and moves the material forms of what we call men and women, but are in reality only frail tenements or caskets, for the real body to dwell in for a limited space of time. This entity we call soul, a body more subtle and refined than the material form, hence more substantial and enduring, and we call it the immortal part not subject to decay like the mortal. This deathless part of the being is permeated with the essence of life which fills every part, and 98 SHAKER MANIFESTO. inspires and directs its upward and onward course. The organs of speech, of sight and sound are in the soul, not in the body ; the external organs are only mediums of conveying ideas from mind to mind, necessary to mortal existence. The eyes are merely windows through which the soul looks to discover material forms and objects ; the eyelids are curtains to be drawn when the eye needs rest. Only that which is visible and tangible to the external senses, are real to the sensuous, physical part. The invisible must be reached through the soul senses, reason, intuition and spiritual perception. The mere assertion that we do not believe because we cannot see, feel and handle, is not sufficient for our purpose, for we still continue to inquire and reason concerning those things which have been hidden from the external senses for ages gone by. If the sun, in the outward firmament is the life of sentient being, where is its source of supply? Shall we call it God, the great Intelligent, Central Source of all light, life and motion, in the interior of all worlds and heavens ? Modern scientific discovery has revealed the fact, that by the aid of the sun rays and certain chemical processes, pictures or shadows of the outside visible forms of men and women may be taken so perfect that we do not disclaim the science, nor question the artist's skill. In these later times science claims to go still further, not only to produce shadows or pictures of human forms, but real materialized tangible forms, and by some supernatural process to cause them—for a space of time—to be inhabited by intelligence from spirit spheres, who speak as with human voice and tell us of realities and experiences in the life beyond. Some say we do not believe because we have not the evidence clearly presented to our senses ; if this is not done, we cannot, will not believe. Moreover, they say there are so many conflicting reports from so-called spirits or messengers from other spheres, if they are spirits—-as they claim to be—they are untruthful and unreliable, and therefore unworthy of attention and trust. How would it answer our purpose to bring the matter a little nearer home, a»d reason somewhat after the following manner : We have heard of a country called Lapland. We have never seen the land, and only know of its boundaries, the products of its soil, modes and manners of its inhabitants from historians. Should we send messengers, two, three or four, to that far off region, to inquire into the habits, intelligence and progress of the people there, and to bring a full, and true account that we might the better understand and judge of their physical, moral and spiritual conditions ? Would not their report correspond—in a measure— to their own standard of intelligence and capability of perception and description ? Still would we disbelieve their statement in general that there is such a country, and that it is inhabited by human beings, even if their detailed account should vary in many respects ? Let us continue our investigation, and send envoys into all peopled lands, from the frigid zones to the tropical regions ; would they all agree? Would not the reports descriptive of the people, correspond with the different climates, soils, productive industries, modes of thought, manners, and degrees of intelligence possessed by the inhabitants of those countries, and of those who visited them as well? SHAKER MANIFESTO. 99 May it not be quite possible, and even probable, that in what we call the spirit world, peopled by thousands of millions of immortal beings from every land and clime, who have passed into spirit spheres, that in those supernal regions there are existing today, nations, kindreds, tongues and peoples, in large multitudes, analogous to those in our own world? and that at times—by permission—they visit, and revisit this earth, and tell their story of the scenes beyond, from their stand-point, and aim to do so truthfully ? That there are among myriads of spirits, many from dark spheres, who come to mortals, and seek to communicate with them, who assume to be in name, and character, what they are not, and who would work great mischief under a false guise, we would not deny. Hence the necessity of the Apostles injunction lttry and prove the spirits;' and every one who teaches anything contrary to the moral laws of God in nature, or the higher laws pertaining to the spiritual angelic life on the resurrection plane—the Christ life—let him or her be condemned as false and unworthy, and be remanded to their own place and sphere, in dark regions. Mt. Lebannon, N. Y.