A NEW SCIENCE F. W. EVANS The discovery of a new planet is hailed by the scientific world as a valuable acquisition to the grand science of Astronomy. How much more shall the discovery of a new science be hailed and heralded as an invaluable addition to our Encyclopedia. Spiritualism is such a new science. If some object that Spiritualism is doubtful in its phenomenal facts, uncertain in its prophecies, incoherent in its utterances and wild in its ravings, may we not reply by asking which of the Planets passed not through its nebulous stages in the process of becoming a respectable world? And which of the sciences had any other origin ? Alchemy was the child-state of Chemistry. Stargazers, waiting, watching shepherds, grew into astronomers. In its incipient stages, Geology made Hugh Miller mad. Physiology is not yet out of its teens. Its votaries do possibly let man's blood circulate, but they take advantage of the fact to inoculate thousands with possible horrible diseases to save them from becoming diseased. For ages upon ages, the diurnal and annual revolutions of the earth were hidden from the eyes of those who were ignorant, that they were whirling through space at the rate of 1,000 miles an hour. History itself is but a record of men and women who believed that might made right, and, knowingthat Ideas are stronger than the Sword—that Knowledge is Power—kept the people in ignorance and embroiled them in perpetual wars, by which they destroyed their own power of progress, and passed their days in mutual slaughter, keeping the nations stationary, so that at this present moment, not one nation allows its Females to be represented in their Representative Governments, hold the land for the use of all its inhabitants, or know that poverty is the cause of crime and fountain of war. Do they not need a New Science, like Spiritualism, to teach them by the operation of their physical senses, that men and women are immortal beings, that when dead they can still be seen, felt and heard to speak, can rehearse the history of wrongs suffered in the body and punish the offenders ; Can recall kindnesses, down to the reception of a cup of cold water, returning the same with compound interest—proving beyond a doubt that the mighty men and women of tvickedness, will indeed be 'mightily tormented' by those whom they have injured, and that justice-loving humanitai'ians will be like the stars, shining in garments of love and gratitude bestowed upon them by those whom they have benefited while upon earth. Will not such a Science be Religion to Mankind ? And was it not meet that Shaker Communists should be its first pupils and staunchest witnesses, heralds of a coming Millennium ? Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.