Farm and Garden Ashes as a Fertilizer .—Unleached wood ashes contain all the constituents of plant food that the ordinary or worn out soil needs except nitrogen. By their chemical action, they render much of the inert nitrogen in soils available, and in that way may be said to furnish nitrogen. This is true of lime, and on this power of making nitrogen available, the greatest value of lime, when applied as a fertilizer, depends. Ashes also have a good mechanical effect upon the soil, especially heavy clay soils, which are made lighter and more porous, so that air and water circulate more freely. Ashes do not suffer waste by being washed out to the extent that is true of the mare soluable and concentrated fertilizers sold in the markets their effects are therefore more lasting.'—American Agriculturist. MIXED FEEDS One of the strong points in favor of the much praised ensilage, is that animals eat it with a relish. No food, however rich it may be in food elements, will prove profitable if the farm stock cannot be made to take to it kindly. It is on this account that a mixing of feed has been so successful. Sameness palls upon the appetite—a change of diet encourages and sharpens it. A few roots cut, or better, pulped and given to the animals, will make them eat the corn fodder or cut straw with all the greater relish. Try and make a little change in the diet of the animals, even though it be only once a week, with some roots, potatoes, apples, &amp;c : it will pay, The more an animal eats, and healthily digests, the more profitable it is.—Am. Agri. SAVE THE DEAD LEAVES The leaves which annually fall from any of our large deciduous trees will make sufficient fertilizing materials to produce another tree of the same size. To accomplish this, however, it will not do to allow the leaves to be scattered by the winds, washed down creeks and rivers and wasted. We know that decomposed leaves make most excellent manure; but the ground will not grow rich very rapidly, even under trees, unless the annual deposit of leaves remains and decays where they fall, which is seldom the case except in large forests. The leaves that fall from our shade and fruit trees are mainly blown away into the roads and ditches and do nobody any good, when, if carefully saved, they would add considerably to the fertility of one's garden. On damp days, and early in the morning, while the leaves are wet, have them raked up and put into a compost heap, and you will find that the twenty to thirty wagon loads of leaves annually saved about your place, make one or two loads of superfine manure, and just the best thing known for garden plants. Do not wait until all the leaves have fallen before commencing to save, for a large proportion of them would be blown away by that time, but begin early, and thereby nearly all can be saved.—Agricultural World and Michigan Homestead. Fence posts -—Char the ends of your posts before putting them into the holes. They will last much longer. They may be charred a little higher than the ground, although that is likely to make them a little unsightly. There are farmers who even after charring make an application of thin tar. Dust Baths for Poultry Cleanliness is important in fowl-houses, for experience shows that poultry are unfavorably affected by the emanations from filthy quarters; and, besides, working in places where roosts and floors are covered with the droppings is decidedly unpleasant. Dry earth, in the form of powder scattered everywhere, will absorb the bad odors, giving a wholesome atmosphere to the hen-house, and at the same time preserve the manure in the least offensive condition. Besides these purposes, a box of dry earth should be in a convenieut corner of every fowl-house for the fowls to roll in. Dust from the highway is most convenient. Replace the same by an equal quantity of good gravel, and the public will be the gainer. Live Stock Journal.