NOTES It is reported that a Conn. Jury, of recent date, set aside a will which had been made by a spiritualist. The ground of this verdict was that a person who is a spiritualist is necessarily insane. So much for judgment. Well, the Bible is filled with illustrations of spiritual phenomena from Genesis to Revelations, so that whoever believes in the Bible must believe in spiritual manifestations, consequently believers in the Bible are insane, and such persons should not be allowed to make a will, A kind brother has offered a good word on the writing of letters. 'A Shaker ought to use good paper, good ink, a good pen, and hare good thoughts, well digested.' A careless draft, written with faint pencil lines and upon a ;&gt;iece of paper, instead upon a sheet of paper, is indeed, not very complimentary. No one can be particularly interested in the blots and multiplied mistakes thata negligent writer may feel at liberty to send, but would prefer to receive a neatly finished letter, as they would a present. Interlining should be avoided as much as possibly consistent. A nicely written and clean page is a worthy commendation to any writer and for which the recipient cannot avoid giving thanks. This may be one of the commendable forms in which to preach the gospel of neatness and carefulness. One of our valuable Health .Journals does not hesitatate to say, that—* -Sickness is a disgrace.' And yet wiih that Stigma attached, we are scarcely able to get beyond the reach of our pill box or syrup bottle without a fear of being caught by one or more of the ills that flesh is heir to, and through this lose our right to remain longer in this world. So long ago as 3000 years, Moses informed his brethren that if they would teep (lie Covenant which God had given to them, the Lord would take from them ill sickness, which promise, no doubt, remained good so long as the Covenant was kept. But we are not Jews and lave never received any covenant that lad reference to the subject of hygiene. As a large percentage of our ills comes from the food we eat, we blindly SHAKER MANIFESTO. Ill or otherwise transgress, while we make ourselves omniverous Christians, for which we are made to suffer the inevitable penalty. By this we are frightened and hastily chase after a remedy, which in some cases proves to be as bad as the disease. It would seem that our Christian nation had fallen heir to the entire list of Egyptian plagues, which fact demands of us a careful investigation into the laws of our being and may be into the 'Hygiene of the kitchen.' We have just received the electrotypes of Shakers, N. Y. ; Harvard, Mass, and Shirley, Mass., and shall give them a place on the cover of the Manifesto as opportunity offers. Electrotypes of our other Societies would prove very acceptable.