House-hold When making pies of canned pumpkin, use... When making pies of canned pumpkin, use as little milk as possible, then one egg will be enough for a pie ; otherwise the custard must be thickened with several eggs. EATING TOO MUCH Dio Lewis Ten persons die prematurely of too much food where one dies of too much drink. Thousands eat themselves into fever, bowel disease, dyspepsia, throat affections, and other maladies. Some years ago the residents of a German city were one morning wild with excitement. Everybody was poisoned. The doctors were flying in every direction. Water was the only thing they had swallowed in common. The reservoir was examined. In one corner a paper of deadly poison was found. The stomach is the reservoir which supplies the whole body. A fever, an inflammation, or some other malady appears. There you will find the source of the disease. I am acquainted with the table habits of a large number of persons. They have all eaten too much food. Nearly all, too much in quantity, but all have eaten food too highly concentrated. Yesterday I saw a dyspeptic friend eating pears at a fruit stand. He said with a smile '1 go a few Bartletts half a dozen times a day.' Certain dietetic reformers seem to think if they eat coarse bread «and ripe fruits, a peck is all right. Eine flour bread, pies and cakes are great evils.» A friend who has decayed teeth, dyspepsia, and a disagreeable eruption, all produced by excessive eating of improper food, declared in response to my remonstrance, 'But I never eat more than I want.' Every person wants the quantity he has been in the habit of eating. If he could digest well two pounds a day but eat four pounds, he wants the latter quantity. A man may want a glass of spirits on rising. He is in the habit of drinking at that time. The body is strengthened by what it can digest and assimilate. Every ounce more than this is mischievous. The large, eater is always hungry. The man who eats just enough, suffers little from hunger. Pardon a word of my own experience. During many years of practice at my profession, I had but little muscular exercise. I ate enormously. An hour's postponement of my dinner was painful. Xow I can omit a dinner altogether without inconvenience. I have lost twenty pounds in weight, but 1 feel a great deal younger. (More than half the thin people would gain flesh by eating less.) I have only one dietetic rule, from which I never depart; this rule, kind reader, I commend to [you Always take on your plate, before you begin, everything you are to eat. Thus you avoid the dessert, and are pretty sure not to eat too much. This simple rule has been worth thousands to me. Yes, I think there are persons who eat too little, but where there is one such, there are hundreds who eat too much. And when in this country of plenty a person is found who eats too little, it is, generally speaking, by eating fine flour bread and other unnutritious trash. Fine flour bread is but little better than sawdust. If you eat oatmeal, cracked wheat, and beef, you will be surprised to find how little food you require to run the machine.—. Ceilings that have been smoked by a kerosene lamp should be washed off with soda water. Vinegar should be kept in glass or wooden jars. The acetic acid acts on stone or earthen vessels. Red-cedar chips will drive away moths. A LESSON IE ECONOMY What could be more disagreeable and dee dedly uncomfortable, than stiff, hrrd boots and shoes, made so by constant soaking, and the lack of greasing. Whenever we see little boys or big boys with such comfortless coverings for the feet, we feel just like giving- them this simple lesson in economy. Do you know that your boots and shoes are made from the skins of animals? Now Nature has supplied the skia of all creatures with an oil to keep it soft and pliable, if the oil which is natural is allowed to waste by constant wetting, and none added to supply this waste, the leather in consequence becomes hard, unpliable, and very soon unsuitable to be worn at all. To remedy this, if your shoes get wet, thoroughly grease them ; then place where they can dry, but never near a hot tire, where you cannot bear the hand. It is a better plan to oil the shoes before wetting them, and the water will not be so readily absorbed into the pores of the leather. Castor oil, and neat's foot oil are Doth good. Canterbury, N. H. The Oleander .—All parts of the oleander are deadly. A very small quantity of the eaves have been known to kill a horse. The lowers have produced death in those persons who have earelessly picked and ate them. The branches divested of their bark and used is skewers, have poisoned the meat roasted on hem, and killed seven out of twelve people who partook of it.—Southern World.