House-hold AIR or the atmosphere we breathe, is, in its purity, composed of twenty three parts of oxygen and seventy seven parts of nitrogen, but it contains particles which do not naturally belong to it. In a damp day the air is full of water or fog, and a pint of it may not contain more than three-fourths of a pint of air ; and as the atmosphere is the thing which acts directly on the blood in the lungs, to withdraw from it all the impurities which it contains, the purer the air is the more capable is it of absorbing the impurities of the blood, and the purer the blood the better the health enjoyed in all climes and countries. The purest air is out of doors. There is no pure air within any four walls of a house. You may go into any room, even if it is entirely empty, and a musty or close smell will be immediately observed, much more will there be impurities in the air of our dwellings in proportion to the decaying or odorous things in it—as slops ; food, fruits, flowers and the like. That air is best for the health which has no perceptible 'smell' about it. The fragrance of the rose and the pink are delicious; but if a person were to sleep in a close room in which there were a great many pinks and roses he would be nearly dead next morning, because the nature of the flowers is such that they are throwing off' a multitude of odorous particles every instant, and they being more material, more solid than the air, displace it, so that in every breath there is less air taken into the lungs and more of the substance of the flowers.— Dr. HalVs Health at home. Pickles —'An excellent way to make pickles which will keep a year or more is^ drop them into boiling hot water, but not to boil them; let them stay ten minutes, wipe them dry, then drop them into cold spiced vinegar. They will not need to be put into salt and water.' A strong, good-sized table... A strong, good-sized table is almost a necessity in the cellar. Jars that are too heavy to be lifted on and off shelves may be set on the table. Many cellars are sometimes infested with ants and other bugs. One way to keep them from crawling over the jars is to take the tin-cans in which peaches or tomatoes come, set the legs of the table in the cans, and fill them half full of water. Receptacle For Soiled Linen .—Take an ordinary flour barrel, line it with paper muslin, and on the outside cover it with cretonne laid in dox plaits. Around the top finish with a lambrequin made of turkey red, with cretonne flowers transferred on the center of each point. Cover the lid with cretonne inside and out, and put a full plaiting of the same around the edge. For the handle on top use an iron trunk-handle. By leaving the handle off the top, and having the lid made large enough to fit over instead of the ordinary way, the barrel can stand in a rooir, and be used for a table. A little soap lather mixed with... A little soap lather mixed with starch will prevent the flat-irons from sticking on the linen and gives the gloss so conspicuously absent from the ordinary home-laundried article. It is easily tried. A piece of cork, about the size of a jugcork is recommended as... A piece of cork, about the size of a jugcork is recommended as perhaps the best thing for scouring knives with. It is both stiff* and flexible, and the knives are polished with very little exertion.