WORK ANDREW BARRETT Our proposition is, that to do the greatest amount of good, we must not overtask our strength; zeal in conjunction with wisdom should be maintained. We are building up a community of interest, and it will readily be granted that to do this, every individual talent SHAKER MANIFESTO. • 129 should be employed to the best advantage ; but zeal without wisdom often terminates in a life injury. A zealous person labors in such a way as to accomplish a third more in a given time, one day or week-, as the case may be, and the result of such labor is sickness, lasting a day cr week. What is the gain on his part? Would it not be well to apply the lesson of the tortoise and the hare ? Had the spirit of moderation guided his movements would it not have been better ? 'Hands at work and hearts to God' is the watch-word of our community. We practice readily that in which wre take pleasure. Too many view labor in the light of being degrading. While many profess, and really manifest their willingness to do whatever may be required of them, they are nevertheless unreconciled to the duty itself. This we would claim as wrong. If we do not like the discipline of labor, we should be industrious because we conscientiously deem it our dnty. We consider eating and sleeping as a necessary part of our existence. In the same light we should view the importance of labor. We do not wish to be understood that we refer wholly to manual toil; this would be as disastrous to society as though all were engaged in purely intellectual pursuits. In whatever sphere of action we may be placed, let us not allow any excuse to seduce us from our duty. As we love the interest of our community, let us exercise that self-denial requisite to the consecration of every talsnt needed for its growth and prosperity. Perhaps no one is really idle, but there is much done fruitlessly, much that accomplishes no good. 'Rest is not quitting this busy career, Rest is the fitting of self to one's sphere ; 'Tis the brook's motion, clear without strife, Fleeing to ocean after its life. 'Tis loving and serving, the highest and best 'Tis onward unswerving and this is true rest.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.