PRAYER EMIL BRETZNER In a diary, that I used to keep some time after my arrival :..t Mount Lebanon, there appeared for a certain day the following statement: ';A fine, wintry day; I was working alone and was led to do something strange.' What could it have been, you ask ; I must tell you. It was some nine or ten years ago ; I tried to pray, but I found it was hard work. When I was a little boy in the parental home, under other skies, I was taught to pray, which meant to repeat certain prayers every morning and evening, and at meals. What long prayers they were, and such a lot of them ! I did not understand what they meant; I did not know what it all was for, but I had to put up with it. I suppose I would not have lived long under such strict, orthodox treatment, had it not been for the hope of future deliverance ; for I had vowed in my wicked little heart, if that was all there was of prayer, then T would certainly never pray, when I got big enough to determine the matter myself; and I never did. I was told that I had a Father in heaven, and that my prayers were directed to him, and that he would answer them. I could not see into it. How queer this is, I used to think. I know I have a father and a mother, here on earth, but, when I want something of them, I do not go and learn a long story out of a book, by heart, and then repeat it to them over and over again. I would not get much that way, except, a friendly invitation to quit my noise, and learn good manners. But I ask them simply and respectfully for what I want and, if I really need it, then they will grant it, if it is in their power. That was my early experience in praying, not a very good one either. No wonder that the latter effort appeared to me like a strange proceeding. Yet it proved to be more fruitful of 122 SHAKER MANIFESTO. good, more blessed in its results, because it was truer, with less of dead form and more of living spirit about it. The spoken words, the folded hands, the bended knees are of no value in themselves, unless they are true expressions of the sincerity, the devotion, the humility of the soul. Our faith gives us the assurance of both a Heavenly Father and a Heavenly Mother, and of good guardian spirits and ministerinn angels. They have a tender care for our welfare and an earnest desire to do us good ; and they are always ready to help us. Prayer is simply the expression of that willingness on our part. In praying to them from our hearts, whatever it may be, we tell them something like this. Here we are ; Ave want to be good, much better than we are ; we need this, that or the other thing in order to become so ; we know that you can help us ; give us of your gifts, and we will make a righteous use of them ; clothe us with your power, and we will be strong ; tarry with us, and your presence shall be our joy. We need be in no particular place to do this, neither in any particular position. We need use no particular words to express it; the thoughts and the feelings are sufficient, if they are true and sincere. Hence the beautiful, solemn habit of our people to kneel down in silent prayer as often as we do, both publicly and privately ; may it never be a mere soulless form with any of us ! Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.