Books and papers Phrenological Journal ; May; Pub. by Fowler &amp; Wells, 755 Broadway, N. Y. Contents; Henry W. Longfellow.— With portrait.—-The Poet of America of whom it is said. 'His life was gentle ; and the elements so mixed in him that Nature might stand up and say to all the world. 'This was a man!'' Phrenology &amp; Pestalorzianism. Our Weather System. Illustrated. Flowers and seedless Plants, Illustrated. Knowledge of the World. Touching matters Chirographical. A portrait Gallery of Confederate Celebrities. Prophetic Dreams. Indigestion, Its causes and remedy. Cow pox,—What it is. Kitchen leaflets. Poetry. Notes in Science and Agriculture. Editorial Items, etc. etc. See Advertisement in an other column. Hall's Journal of Health; April; Pub. by E. H. Gibbs, A. M., M. D. 141 Eighth St. N. Y. Contents. Health and Habit. Cold Catching. Ventilation anrl fresh Air. Animal Combustion. A Clergyman's Congregation. What is Patent Flour? Particles in the Eye. Consumption. Drinking at Meals. To bring up children. Health Employments. Spitting Blood. Liquor Drinking. Cold Bathing. Pure Food. Exercise, etc. etc. Terms, $2.00 a year. $1.00 for six months. Single copy, 20 cts. The St. Louis Magazine for April is an especially good number. The fact that it has lived as a Representative Western Publication for 13years is much in its favor and judging from the April number it appears now as one of the prosperous magazines of the day. It is handsomely illustrated, full of good original Stories, Poems and Timely reading and contains besides an illustrated fashion article which is well worth the subscription price. For 10 cents the publishers will send a beautiful set of picture cards and sample copy of the Magazine to any address for inspection. Address St. Louis Magazine Company, 213 N', 8th St., St. Louis, Mo. Herald or Health : May; Pub. by M. L. IIolbrook, 13 &amp; 15Laight St.,N. Y. Contents; Food and Education; Reform for Criminal Girls; Fasting in Rheumatism; Glucose; Cai bolic Acid in Diphtheria; Gymnastics in schools; Consumption ; Salt and other Condiments; Fats; Health hints for May and June; Milk from sick Cows; Woman's dress; Warts, etc. Terms, $1.00 per year. Single copy, 10 cts. The following are among the contents of the May number of The Homiletio Monthly :— Sermonic : The Spiritual Building, 'A Dedication Service,' by R. Kogel, D. D., translated by Rev. Prof. J. C. Brodfuhrer; 'The Mormon Question,' by J. P. Newman, D. D.; 'The Natural Immortality of the Human Soul,' by Canon II. P. Liddon, D. D.; 'Christ's Salutation to the Christian,' A Communion Service, by James L. Ludlow, D. D.; 'The Intercession of Christ,' by W. Ormiston, D. D.; 'Is the Free-Pew System a Failure?' by Justin D. Fulton, D.D.; 'The Upward Look,' by Joseph Parker, D. D. Among other very suggestive papers, are the following : 'Misquoted Scriptures,' by Talbot W. Chambers, D. D.; 'Light on Important Texts,' by Howard Crosby, D. D., LL. D.; 'Nine Months' Vacation of City Churches,' by Rev. W. F. Crafts; 'Lectures to my Students,' by Charles H. Spurgeon. Then there is a large quantity of matter under the heads, 'Hints at the Meaning of Texts;' 'Sermonic Criticism;' 'Preachers Exchanging Views,' 'Queries and Answers,' etc. This Monthly is of special value to Clergymen and Bible S.udents. Price, $2.50, per year; single number, 25 cents. Funk &amp; Wagnalls, 10 &amp; 12 Dey Street, New York. SOME CHOICE BOOKS OF WIT AND HUMOR. The book-buying public will certainly be delighted, even if the, old-line publishers are disgusted, with the work The Useful Knowledge Publishing Company, of New York, is doing. The}' are just issuing a number of works of the choicest grade of wit and humor. One, 'Studies in Stanzas, Tints for the Times, Ballads, and Broadsides,' is by Orpheus C. Kerr, than whom no American humorous writer has won worthier fame. For keen wit, scathing satire, deep laid, mysterious plot, purity and nobility of thought, and rollicking, healthy, hearty fun, he is quite without a rival in his varied brilliant accomplishments. The millions of the American people who have in times past laughed at his inimitable productions will give his new book most hearty welcome. It is issued in a charming little volume at the usual marvelously low prices of The IT. K. P. Co., Utility Binding, 20 cts., Extra cloth, 30 cts., Half Russia, 40 cts. At the same time they publish, each in a large 12 mo. volume of nearly 800 pages, the complete works of the inimitable wit and essayist, Charles Lamb, the Choice Works of the incomparable Irish Humorist, Tom Hood, and the Choice Works of Dean Swift, whose quality of wit is. without its like in the world's literature. All these are books which naturally belong in every man's library. Enterprising booksellers supply them, and the publishers want club agents and canvassers in every county and town, to whom very unusual terms and facilities are given.