QUENCH NOT THE SPIRIT ELMIRA HILLSGROVE As we are so engrossed in the cares and interests of this life we do not always recognize the strivings of the good spirit in its varied forms. The voice may come in the whisperings of conscience, gently chiding us for what we are now doing, or intending to do at some convenient opportunity. It SHAKER MANIFESTO. 133 may be, in the warning of a friend, to prevent some harmful result; or in rebuke, which shall slay our cherished idols, and seemingly take from our grasp, while it gives to another whom we deem not as worthy as ourselves. How nature rebels as the spirit of Truth thus disarms us of selfish advantages ; for the worldly mind dlscerneth not the things of God aright; we often construe his mercies into judgments, his truths into hard sayings; and fail to reap the blessings intended for us. Do we not create many battles for ourselves, and find the victories in such contests, only convictions of our folly? If a lesson is learned, our eyes opened to the truth in any degree, so much good is attained thereby ; yet had we yielded in humility and perfect trust to the molding of the Potter, we might have found a joy which surpasseth all knowledge, and been led in the green pastures of heavenly light and love, instead of exploring the barren hills of self pleasure and sin. O, let us not trifle with monitions of the e;ood spirit; neither as concerns our own interests, nor those of another soul ; but tenderly cherish the good, which we have not the power to replace when it is lost. While it is possible that we may through right influences and virtuous examples, aid the development of a spiritual character, it is quite as possible that we may retard the maturity of goot seed sown in the soul, by cultivating adverse principles or opinions. Let us magnify right, over error, anc if we cannot see with another, k'eye to eye,' we shall always be blest in re specting sincerity of purpose. Canterbury, N. H. Accept no unmerited praise, lest it tend to vanity.