NOTES Anthony Comstock recently lectured on the 'Corruption of our Youth.' He stated that in ten years the Society for the Suppression of Vice had suppressed one hundred and sixty obscene publications, and that an aggregate of twenty four tons of obscene matter had been seized, and the arrests numbered six hundred.—Eeligio-Philosopical Journal. What a fearful avalanche of immorality the above note represents ! Twenty-four tons of uncleanness to deal out to a class, upon whose minds the impression may be indelibly stamped, and through this may come the consummation of their ruin. Those who make and sell books and papers of this debasing class are doing an immense amount of injury. They place their unhallowed goods into the hands of those of immature mind which cannot otherwise than awaken a train of thought among the precocious and often lead directly to sinful practices. It is certainly one of the redeeming features of our day, that there is a wholesome regard for the law of chastity, among the fathers and mothers who are now acting as honorable guardians over the minds of the young. Our order cannot do otherwise than anxiously hope for success in the effort to protect the rising generation from every phase of immorality. The practice, which is too prevalent among school teachers of boxing the ears of children is not only barbarous, but a dangerous custom. There has probably many more injuries resulted from it than are ever heard of or suspected. A blow on the head may not only occasion deafness but may produce fatal injuries. Southern World. It has been said that a word to the wise is sufficient, and yet it can do no harm to act upon the principle as set forth by the good prophet, and, give line upon line, here a little and there a little, and save if possible the infliction of injuries upon those who are too young to defend themselves. It is very questionable if any good, moral quality was ever forced into a child by bodily punishment. A fear from a superior force might under certain circumstances prevent the repetition of an error, but the fear has not prepared the mind to do good from a loving and peaceful heart. Too many,persons are inclined to inflict their punishment upon others, while SHAKER MANIFESTO. 135 their own minds are under the excitement of passion. Better leave the correction till after you have eaten your dinner or till you have read the story of Jack and his bean stalk. More especially should this refer to those who accept children by adoption. The time has been when a sad stigma rested upon our order for real or imaginary punishment toward those of immature years. We have learned this one fact, that an undisciplined or ignorant mind often does in the name of religion what a little common sense would, at once forbid. The story of the old farmer who laid his 'judgment to the line and his righteousness to the plummet' should not be lost to the 'children of light.'' Whenever anything occured to arouse his temper, instead of beating his animals or whipping his children, he would sing 'Old Hundred.' The effect was no doubt, charming. Try it, and if your passion does not end the same moment the tune does, then try again, and sing a little louder. CANTERBURY, 2NT. H. The Town Report for the year ending March 1, 1882 makes reference to the Shaker school as follows ; Summer term taught by L. Jeannette Forest, assisted by Asenath C. Stickney. Number of weeks, 16 ; number of pupils, 25: average attendance, 23 ; wages per month, $24. We are pleased to report a good school, a faithful devotion on the teacher's part, and a ready response by the pupils. Winter term taught by Ednah E. Fitts, assisted by Agnes E. Newton. This school has also been successful, and a steady improvement is manifest. The pupils are young, but show results of earnest efforts and careful teaching. Number of weeks. 15 ; number of pupils, 25 ; average attendance, 24 ; wages per month, $26. N. A. Briggs, S. S. C. ENEMEr/D, N. H. District UNTo. 13. Teacher of Summer Term, Mary E. Elk ins. This school was one of superior excellence. The teacher's remarkable administrative talent the previous conformity of the school to her methods, and her thoroughness in teaching, all conspired to make the school one of real worth. Every study was made a specialty. The class in anatomy excelled all others in town. Winter session, Arthur Theobald, teacher. Too much cannot be said in praise of this school. For one to appreciate its real worth it must be seen. The order was perfect the recitations without a fault. The fact there was not a case of absence or tardiness, is much to the credit of the teacher and scholars. The teacher's success would have done honor to one of many years experience. Penmanship as in the Summer Term, was faithfully attended to. The interest the Shakers take in education is very commendable. If all did, as much for schools as here, we should have far better ones in town. DISTRICT NO. 18. Annie M. Ellis teacher for the year. The teacher loves her work, studies to make her labors profitable to her pupils, and a credit to herself. The scholars were very ready in their answers showing they had not been idle. If all teachers were as ambitious as this one we 136 SHAKER MANIFESTO. should have fewer poor schools. You have made a good beginning now press on. I rank this teacher among otir hard workers. The guardians in this district do much for the education of their children. Geo. F. Pettengill, S. S. C. &gt;f the town of Enfield, N. H.