IF ALL WOULD ALONZO G. HOLLISTER If all mankind were as careful at all times to speak the truth, every one to his neighbor, as they are to accurately adjust their chronometers, the world would grow wiser, and lawyers be dismissed to productive employment?. If everybody would treat injuries received with the same neglect that they do those which they give, wars would soon cease, and death dealing weapons might be converted into implements of useful industry. If all were as careful to do unto others, whatever in like circumstances they would wish to have others do unto them, as they are not to be shaved out of a half penny in change, all clannish and party distinctions would disappear in a reign of universal brotherhood. If all were as careful not to add fuel to anger, nor to entertain slander, as they are not to go too near a hot fire, many a cockatrice egg would be crushed before it broke out into a viper, and many a slanderous tongue be hushed for want of listeners. If all were as particular to keep their minds clean from lascivious thoughts, and their hearts from lecherous desires, as they are to have their dishes clean when they begin to partake of food, the kingdom of heaven would be immediately revealed, and Christ would appear on earth in millennial glory. If all mankind were as strict to obey the commandments of God, given for man's spiritual rule, and the regulation of his moral conduct, as is the inventor to proceed according to the well known laws of mechanical construction ; or as is the investigator of science, to proceed SFIAKER MANIFESTO. 123 according to the obvious laws of nature in his pursuit of definite results, the peace, love and blessing of God would flow upon them like great and mighty rivers of life and happiness ; and justice, equity, and righteousness, would flow in our streets like tidal waves from the Ocean of Omnipotence ; all blight and curse would disappear, and human spirits bloom and expand on earth, with fruit surpassing in loveliness the pictured glories of primitive Eden. The uniform operations of the laws of nature, and our dependence upon the unvarying certainty of their results, should teach us the necessity of adamantine integrity of purpose, and of unswerving obedience to the principles of virtue written upou the heart, and engraved upon the mind, (of which the outward law is but a transcript,) if we would cultivate the richest gifts of immortal life. That interior law which preserves the understanding soul in its proper sphere, in harmonious relations with, the universal mind, is expressed in the two commandments not found in the decalogue, but testified to by the Savior, as the first and greatest commands of God, as follows : ''Thou shall love the Lord thy God with thy whole heart, with thy whole soul, and with thy whole mind— and thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.' On these two, said the Son of God, 'hang the whole law and the prophets.' These were doubtless given to man with the first dawn of reasoning intelligence ; the law of primary attraction to its source, and the secondary law of attraction to its kind, being essential to proper understanding. The inspired Psalmist testified, 'Man that is in honor and understandeth not, is like the beasts that perish,' thus making immortality depend upon the cultivation of understanding. The Apostle tells us that the law (ritual, and decalogue included,) was added because of transgression. That the whole law is fulfilled in one word, that is love. Also that the end, or perfection of the commandment is love out of a clean heart and good conscience, and faith unfeigned. Thus man's duty, deepest interest, and highest pleasure, all begin, and are perfected in Love. 'Lo ! I come. I delight to do thy will, O my God.' To these, our Savior added, 'A new commandment I give unto you, that you love one another. By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples.' This is a fundamental law of the kingdom of heaven. That the passion which leads people to marry and produce a natural offspring is no part of Christian love, is evident from several considerations. In the first place, it is a practice of which the founders of Christianity never set the example in their Christian character. In the second place, the married were required to hate and forsake that relation, as an indispensible condition of discipleship. Luke. xiv. 20, 26, and other places. And to receive the kingdom of God as a little child, (in whom said passion has no- place,) or in nowise enter therein. In the third place, if that animal propensity, with or without the glamour which intellectual refinement and a cultured fancy have woven around it, could be covered by the sacred name of Christian love, the latter would not be a criterion of discipleship, because it would apply as well to those 124 SHAKEE MANIFESTO. who never heard the name of Christ, as to those who forsake all to follow his example. Finally, the two are as distinct in their nature and operation on the soul, as miry clay and pure water, and so utterly incompatible, that they cannot abide together in the same vessel. Hence, we find that the law of virgin chastity, is a corrolary of the primary law of Love. If we obey these laws and their sequences in all the duties and relations of life, as punctually as suns and planets obey the laws of attraction and repulsion implanted in them, the fruits of such obedience will be certain to satisfy all the rational desires of every soul that will keep them. It is but a truism, that obedience must precede the ripening of the soul, and the ripening of the soul must precede a permanent state of unalloyed happiness. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.