WHAT IS THE MATTER? GILES B. AVERY (Continued from last number.) It then follows that this same creed teaches that man is not justified by good works, that his good works are as filthy rags ! but, that he is saved in sin, by believing that Jesus Christ, the Son God, performed good works for him, and by his sufferings,—physical, and the shedding of his animal blood, he ransomed man from the consequent sufferings of sin, while living in it! Yet Jesus Christ's mission was to save his people from, not in their sins. Another hard SHAKER MANIFESTO. 125 knot of Orthodox creedism is eternal, or infinite punishment for the sin of a finite being. How everlasting torments of hell visited upon a sinner can be harmonious with the attribute of a God of love and mercy, it is difficult for a. reasonable person to understand. A noted modern religious scholar avers 'There is no half way place for religionists between Rome and reason.' That is to say, a man cannot be a reasonable religious being.. And while the legitimate conclusion of the vicarious atonement doctrine is, that, orthodoxically considered, since Jesus, by his death upon the Jewish cross, has paid the debt of sufferings for the sins of all sinners who believe on him, still, if you tell one of these believers that this manner of faith is equivalent to telling their children, that, if they only believe in Jesus they may sin as much as they please without injury or suffering to themselves, and they look upon you with horror ! But this is its legitimate result. In the face of so much inconsistency, which the light of Divine Truth, has. for the last half century, been discovering to mankind, Is it strange that Creedal faith and professed Christianity is dying out? Is it not rather strange that so many still cling to its shoddy coat of righteousness. The great mass of the so called Infidels of the present day are not infidel to God, to truth, to genuine Christianity—goodness, true religion, when properly presented to them. Now is there not a heavenly Hope, a Dispensation of pure Religion and full salvation for humanity ? We feel and know there is, and that it is to be found in the Harvest of man from the worldly life. A new order, of both Earth and Heaven. A pure, chaste union and communion of the sexes in a social capacity, of the individuals composing society ; in a consecration of life, body and soul, to the work of human salvation from sin, and redemption from the nature which tempts to sin. To some it has been revealed that the religion of Christianity is a religion of reason ; its precepts shorn of mystery, are, indeed, very simple. 1. That God is both a Heavenly Father and Heavenly Mother. 2. That Jesus, apart from his baptism, was not God, nor the Christ. 8. That by his baptism of the spirit, he became the Christ,—'the Son of God'—the 'first born of many brethren, who, when baptized with the same Christ Spirit, also became Sons of God, antl the Brethren of Jesus Christ. 4. That the true and only Christian Resurrection, is a resurrection of souls dead in sin, to a life in righteousness, and not of the physical body. That, of this resurrection, Jesus 'became the first fruits.' Of no other resurrection was he the 'first fruits.' 5. That the first appearing of Christ was through the male sex of humanity—this constituted the Heavenly Bridegroom—'He that hath the Bride.' The souls, however few or many, who were obedient to Christ, manifested through the male line, constituted the Bridegroom, Church of Christ, 'He that bath the Bride, is the Bridegroom.' John, iii. 29. This is not man, not the man Jesus, abstractly, but Christ. 6. A bridegroom, must, necessarily, have a bride. The heavenly Christ Bride is the manifestation of Christ, the 'Second Time, in his Glory'—that is, the female sex of humanity. And, those souls, however few or many, who are obedient to the same 126 SHAKER MANIFESTO. Christ Spirit, manifested in, aod through the female line, constitute the Bride Church of Christ—Jerusalem which is above,—which is the Mother of us all.' Gal. iv. 20, that is, all true heaven born souls. 7. That Christ's mission is to minister the testimony and power of salvation from sin ; to call mankind to judgment for sin by the confession of sin to God, in an Order of Saints, living witnesses for souls before God, who, in like manner, have confessed all their sins. Its culmination is, to bring the Kingdom of Heaven to Earth. tf. The testimony and work of Christ's Kingdom is aggressive upon, even an end of the world; therefore, by the world, hated. 9. The effort of professing Christians, in a wide sense, practically, though not professionally so, is to harmonize the Church and the world, and is not this one great thing that is the matter, that which has worked to destroy confidence .in the so called Christian Church ? 10. Marriage, of the flesh, however purely regulated in its orc'er, Generation, Private property, selfishness, sinful pleasure, all belongs to, and is of the worldly Order. But, the Order of Christ's Kingdom is the 'harvest of the world.' It is virgin purity ; salvation from all sin; community of goods among Believers, and universal Love. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.