Correspondence West Gloucester, Me. Feb. 1882 Otis Sawyer Beloved Editor :—The following communication was handed me by the author, who is a gentleman of respectibility, and an earnest advocate of all needed reforms in society, and appreciates good wherever and in whoever he may find it. In fraternal love, THERE IS NO MYSTERY BUT IGNORANCE John M. TODD To the Editor of the Manifesto ;— I have been impressed for a long time to write an article for the Shaker Manifesto, thinking that a few lines from one who is not a Shaker might be of interest to its readers. I am upwards of sixty years of age. I am a husband, father, and grandparent, and for fifty years an earnest seeker after the truth. I have been an interested reader of the Shaker paper, from the publication of its first number. In my youth I lived near the Shaker family of New Gloucester, Maine, and the first impression of the order, I received from a minister at my Father's house. He gave me an account of the Shakers, and also gave as a reason why they settled near a lake. It was handy for them to drown the unwelcome babes born in their Society For years the impression prejudiced me bitterly again si the Shakers. Some years after this I hearc that the Legislature of New Hampshire hac ordered a lake to be dragged, to prove the shaker's guilt. As a reward for their labor they had founc some bones which they declared to be those of little children, but which on investigation proved to be the bones of a sheep. This, to me made the finders appear rather sheepish, and suggested to my mind that possibly, the other stories which I had heard told against this people, might be equally as false. Knowing that there is no mystery but ignorance, and that he who has, never changed an opinion, has forsaken none of his errors, I thought I would inform myself upon the great subject of immortal life, as presented by the Shakers. This much I have learned; that the true life is the eternal life, because truth is eternal; and happy, indeed, is he who walks therein. I also wished to inform myself more fully concerning tills strange sect, who were everywhere, spoken against. I now found that I had much to unlearn, and at the same time much to learn. One thing I have ascertained, and that is they are not murderers of, but are dear lovers of children, both natural, and spiritual. That they do believe in marriage, in its proper order, hence, the oft repeated proposition urged against them, that if the doctrines should prevail, the race would become extinct, is not true. They believe that there will be enough of the human family, occupying the Adamic plain, to perpetuate the race. The charge against them that they do not believe the Bible, is not strictly true, for I find that their belief,- interpretation and practice of its teachings, are far in advance of their accusers. It is said that the Shakers do not believe Jesus is the Savior of mankind, yes, they do, and that there are more than one, with less power, who are also saviors of the race. But, more horrible still, it is said that they believe '-Mother Ann' was also a savior. Well, what if they do? Has she not saved many from the error of their ways? Is there a true man who does not wish and pray that she may save many more? The Shakers believe that both Jesus and Ann will save all who accept and practice the doctrine which they taught. Those who will accept the virgin life of Jesus, and forsake houses, lands, father, mother, brothers, sisters, wife and children for this, and the gospels' sake, shall be saved hereafter, and I SHAKER MANIFESTO. 137 was about to say, better still, saved now, here in the present time, having been resurrected from the dead works of the flesh. Such have laid the ax at the root of the tree, and put aside the old man, Adam, who was of the earth earthy, and have put on the new man, the second Adam, who is the Lord from heaven. Yea! they have become the new man having put off the old man and his deeds, and marry not, neither are they given in marriage, but are like the angels in heaven, being children of the resurrection. These have accepted Jesus, as the Chri«t, or the anointed, and with him, have entered within the vail into the innermost temple, the heaven within, set up upon earth. And while conceding to Jesus and Ann to be the greatest Saviors the world ever had, but not the only ones, I have seen many a sneer, and heard vulgar jokes and derisive laughter given in lieu of argument, against the Shakers and their doctrine ; but seldom, if ever, have I met a person who was well informed, that would allow himself to treat the subject with levity. As Burns once said 'An athiest's laugh is a poor exchange for Deity offended.' So do I consider the scoffs, the jeers, the ridicule and the refuge of lies resorted to, and heaped upon the order, a very poor exchange for such logic as Eldress Doolittle, Elders Evans and Vance, gave in Portland a few years since, which I had the pleasure to hear and more recently have read in the Manifesto. Hoping there may be more than the hundred and forty and four thousand, who will learn the song of deliverance spoken of in Rev. xiv. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1 shall continue interested with you for the right, the truth, and for the fair treatment of all opponents. Portland, Me. It is the providential arrangement, that some men shall sow the seed, and other men shall reap the harvests... Augustus Woodbury It is the providential arrangement, that some men shall sow the seed, and other men shall reap the harvests ; that some shall fight the battle, and others enjoy the fruits of victory. It is the sign of human weakness, and perhaps of human ingratitude, that those who reap and enjoy should forget those who sowed and fought.—Rev. , at the funeral of George G. Fogg.