Select DUTY AND PRIVILEGE People seem to have very mixed ideas of duty and privilege. In the first place, they seem to think there are more duties than privileges; in the second place, that it is harder to discharge the former than to enjoy the latter ; and in the third place, that these are quite opposite, if not contrary, things. Each of these propositions is false. There are a hundred things to enjoy where there is one to do. It is difficult to enjoy our privileges, because they are not always perceived to be privileges, and most of us have accustomed ourselves to pull in the harness of duty. We have contracted the habit of making ourselves do what we ought to do. We feel as if there was something glorious in that. We praise ourselves and others, and expect ourselves to be praised, for doing duty. We are all the while magnifying duty. All heroism seems to consist in doing duty. And that is right. But we do not accustom ourselves to enjoy our privileges, and that is wrong. AVe do not blame a man if he permit a proper enjoyment. We do not blame him if he omit a manifest duty. More than all that, so far from being antagonistic, we cannot long study either one or the other without coming to perceive that there is no duty incumbent on man which it is really not a privilege to discharge, and there is no enjoyment possible to man which it is not his duty in some sense to possess. We forget that all existence is the gift of our heavenly Father. If we could only always remember that, how it would change the color of our entire life; we should cease to drag ourselves to the discharge of duty. We should cease to regard life as a hardship because it has its duties.— The Watchman. Woman as an Inventor .—It is mentioned, inter alia, that women obtain from the II. S. Government an average of about sixty patents yearly; seventy is the number for the year ending July, 1880. As might be expected, most of them relate to lightening women's work. Among them are a jar-lifter, a bagholder, a pillow-sham holder, a dress protector, two dust-pans, a washing machine, a fluting iron, a dress chart, a fish-boner, a sleeve adjuster, a lap-table, a sewing-machine treadle, a wash-basin, an iron-heater, sad irons, garnient-stiffener, a folding chair, a ward-robe bed, a window-cleaner, a napkin, a clothes-pin, a weather-strip, a churn, an invalids bed, a strainer, a milk-cooler, a sofabed, a dipper, a paper dish, and a plaiting device. In a recent patent law-suit, a woman (Helen M. McDonald) conducted her own case and won it, establishing her right to her skirt-protector, planting an injunction on a bold infringement, and utterly routing one of the most distinguished of the patent-law barristers.—Exchange. MAKE SOMEBODY GLAD Rebecca R. Pierce. On life's rugged road, As we journey each day, Far, far more of sunshine Would brighten the way, If forgetful of self And our troubles we had The will, and would try To make other hearts glad. Though of the world's wealth, We've a little in store, And labor to keep Grim want from the door, With a hand that is kind, And a heart that is true, To make others glad There is much we may do. A. word kindly spoken, A smile or a tear, Though seeming but trifles, Full often may cheer. Each day to our lives Some pleasure t'would add, To be conscious that we Had made somebody glad. Those who sit in the darkness Of sorrow, so drear, Have need of a word Of solace and cheer. SHAKER MANIFESTO. 143 There are homes that are desolate, Hearts that are sad— Do something for some one, Make somebody glad. West Chronicle Truth .—Truth will never die; the stars will grow dim; the sun will pale his glory, but truth will be forever young. Integrity, uprightness, honesty, love and goodness, these are all imperishable. No grave can ever entomb these immortal principles. They have been imprisoned, but they have been freer than before ; those who have enshrined them in their hearts have been burned at the stake, but out of their ashes other witnesses have arisen. No sea can drown, no storm can wreck, no abyss can swallow up the ever-living truth of God. You cannot kill goodness and truth and integrity and faith and holiness ; the way that is consistent with these must be a way everlasting.—Spurgeon. WHAT FOODS ARE MOST ECONOMICAL! With an advance of 20 to 100 per cent., and more, in the price of staple foods, the above is now a most important question to over 40 millions of our people, and one of much interest to seven or eight millions more. Probably there are not two millions who take no thought or care as to the cost ;&gt;f their daily diet. Meats, flour, potatoes, cornmeal and rcilk are the main articles of sustenance for the great masses. Fish, rice, beans, and oat-meal (recently), with lesser amounts of some other articles, are consumed; but these altogether do not, we judge, constitute one-tenth of the food of the entire people, perhaps not more than five or six per cent. Dried or smoked beef, ham and cheese rank high, but dried fish outranks all others. The nuitritive value of dried codfish is remarkable, and it deserves special attention, 100 lbs. of it supplying as much nuitriment as 341 lbs. of beef! It is cheap and abundant everywhere, because very portable, and easily kept. It yields labor-sustaining aliment at from one-third down to one-ninth of the cost of beef in different sections of the country. It is easily digestible, and if properly freshened and cooked, it can be made palatable and acceptable to a very large class needing to practise economy.—American Agriculturist. Grumblers Chronic grumblers are pests from which the Church may well pray to be delivered, especially if they grumble with a serene confidence in their own superior sanctity, under shelter of their own groundless assumptions. As long as they sit in their bomb-proof of self-complacency, and seold at the Lord's workers through some convenient hole, it is useless to answer them with facts or arguments. They are too good to do anything themselves, and as nobody else does anything to suit them, they grumble for their own glory. Well, let them enjoy themselves ! Evangelical Messenger