THE PR0PHETIC CONFERENCE In October 1878 there met at the city of New York a large number of ministers of all the Protestant denominations, for the purpose of discussing the question of Christ's second coming. During the three days session of what has been styled 'the Prophetic Conference,' some twenty elaborate essays were read, all relating exclusively to that interesting theme. . Yet the striking fact became apparent at the outset that the convention was not called to elicit the views any one might hold, but it was explicitly stated that the orthodoxy of those who had gathered was unquestioned, that all agreed that the coming of Christ was to be pre-millennial, and that it must be the visible appearance of the person of Jesus. In thus confining the range of thought to such narrow limits the proceedings lost much of value and interest, securing however that harmony which is so rarely a feature of theological discussions. Notwithstanding this exclusiveness there were facts presented, sentiments uttered and admissions made, that are of a peculiar significance to those to whom Christ's second appearing is no longer a question, or a matter of speculation, or expectation. It was stated that Scripture does not undoubtedly determine the question, although the New Testament speaks no less than three hundred times of 'the coming of the Lord.' One speaker argued that although the doctrine was surrounded by difficulties, so was every doctrine held as vital to salvation; that it was not the divine intention that anything definite should be known about it; that its purpose was to keep the church in a state of expectancy, thereby inducing it to be prepared at all times to meet the Lord. The men of the first Christian generation, including the Apostles and writers of the New Testament, lived in the almost daily expectatiou of that coming, and of the end of the world. The historian Gibbon was quoted as saying, that it was this belief in the impending coming of Christ which caused them to regard their existence with contempt, and to suffer any martyrdom rather than relinquish a hope, which, though not justified by experience, was one of the agencies of the marvelcus spread of Christianity. The decadence of the belief in the coming millennium, or, rather, the decline of primitive Christianity, is described in these words : The period succeeding the politicoreligious triumph of Constantine, the period of the temporal supremacy of Christianity in SHAKER MANIFESTO. 127 the Roman Empire, had come. The martyrage had passed away. No more councils like that of Mice, in which martyrs fresh from the Maximian persecution, answered to their names. No more Paphnutius, any more, venerable with silver hairs, one eye gouged out by the tools of the Pagan torturer, its frightful socket seared with red-hot iron, standing by the side of young Athanasius. A new generation has appeared, intoxicated with the Christian conquest of Paganism and the splendor, of a Church and State establishment. When Christianity became a worldly power, Roman Papal Catholicism advanced and took to itself, as a robberry, that glory which is an object of hope and can only be reached by obedience and humility of the cross. The new theory was invented that the millennium is a present fact, the ecclesiastical state establishment in the visible Christocracy, the kingdom come! The visions of Daniel and of. John, are now referred to the first advent, not the second The cross, once a symbol of ignominy, is now everywhere in honor, on the Roman standard, the soldier's shield, the Pontiffs' robes, the churches altar, the temple of victory, an object of perpetual adoration. By union of church and state and perversion of victory, the foundation was laid for a carnal and Satanic carricature of the millennial kingdom of Christ on earth, sunk in the gross materialism and idolatry of political and military Christianity, and vanished the last remnant of a suffering, but pure, apostolic church. In contradiction of those who hold Christ's kingdom established already, the following extract is given : It cannot be ! There is to be—it has not yet come—breaking with a rod of iron, shivering to pieces as a potter's vessel is shivered. The clang of the stone striking the feet of the huge image has not yet been heard, the crumbling of dynasties and the sweeping away of their debris as with the breath of a tempest has not yet been seen. But it approacheth ! He who witnesses the downward sweep of that stone cut out of the mountain, will hear the last cry of human woe under human oppression before its shivering shock takes place, and see every shackle that human greed has forged shattered forever under the earthquake convulsions of that approaching hour. Thereafter, under the sway of the Son of God, will the gates of commerce be forced by the enginery of war to thrust into a resisting nation's throat, a drug that dwarfs and poisons the body and degrades the soul? Will liquor-leagues control legislators and bribe judges, after a mightier bolt than Vulcan ever forged shall have been hurled? Reason answers no ; and prophecy from the shores of Euphrates, thunders down along the centuries, an authoritative no. Christ's kingdom established, iniquity cannot triumph. The same speaker advanced the argument that the advent must occur before the millennium, because the church is powerless to effect the conversion of the world. Of the 300 millions of nominal Christians, not 30 millions are actual Christians, and more than eighteen centuries have been spent in reaching this. England, he exclaims, is a Christian nation, yet of the workingmen of London not three per cent, attend church on the rfbrd's day. Another speaker in support of the same argument, uses the following language: Where are the churches planted by apostolic hands and watered by martyr's blood? They have long since perished. Where are the countries over which the diciples of Jesus swept as an army with banners? Under the black pall of spiriUial death. Where is the city or town or village in the most highly favored part of Christendom, all of whose inhabitants even profess to believe in the Son of God? Of the earth's population li)5,000,000 are Roman Catholics, 160,000,000 Mohammedans, 340,000,000 Buddhists, 460,000,000 Pagans, 97,000,000 Protestant in name, and of these last, so few comparatively really follow the Good Shepherd. (To be continued.)