Juvenile THE MOTHERLESS TURKEYS The white turkey was dead! The white turkey was dead! How the news through the barn-yard went flying! 138 SHAKER MANIFESTO. Of a mother bereft, four small turkeys were left, And their case for assistance was crying. E'en the peacock respectfully folded his tail, As a suitable symbol of sorrow, And his plainer mate said, 'now the old bird is dead, Who will tend the poor chicks on the morrow? And when evening around them comes dreary and chill Who above them will watchfully hover?' 'Two each night I will tuck 'neath my wings,'1 said the duck, 'Though I've eight of my own I must cover !' 'I have so much to do! For the bugs and the worms, In the garden, 'tis tiresome pickin'; I've nothingto spare—for my own I must care,' Said the hen with one chicken.j 'How I wish,' said the goose, 'I could be of some use For my heart is with love over-brimming!'' The next morning that's fine, they shall go with my nine Little yellow-backed goslings, out swimming!' 'I will do what 1 can,' the old dorking put in, 'And for help they may call upon me too, Though I've ten of my own that are' only half grown, And a great deal of trouble to see to; But these poor little things, they are all head and wings, And their bones through their feathers are stickin'!' 'Very hard it may be, but, oh, don't come to me!' Said the hen with one chicken. 'Half my care I suppose, there is nobody knows, I'm the most overburdened of mothers! They must learn, little elves ! how to scratch for themselves, And not seek to depend upon others,' She went by with a cluck, and the Goose to the duck Exclaimed with surprise, 'Well, I never!' Said the Duck, 'I declare, those who have the least care, You will rind are complaining forever ! And when all things appear to look threatening and drear And when troubles your pathway are thick in, For some aid in your woe, O, beware how you go To a hen witli one chicken,' Exchange. Some Sunday-school children were taken for a picnic to the sea-side... Some Sunday-school children were taken for a picnic to the sea-side. One of the teachers ask?d her scholars how they liked the sea. 'Very much, miss,' replied a child; 'but where are the tinnamies?' 'The tinnamies, my child! What do you mean ?' 'Why, you know,' the child replied again, 'the tinnamies that go with the sea. You know the Commandment says, 'the sea and all the tinnamies.' ' This was the way the child had been repeating 'the sea and all that in them is.'