Highly esteemed Sister : Cephas Halloway [Elder of Uaion Village, Ohio, who is now 81 years of age, recently wrote to Sister Mary W. from which we take the following.] Highly esteemed Sister :—We received your letter of the 4th ult. and read aud re-read it with much interest. Allow us to thank you again for that beautiful book.—'Elements of Character.' Since that time we have made a free distribution of some twelve copies. We remember quite well your school and the interested teacher, and the interesting pupils; their recitations, their varied exercises, and particularly their little lessons of declamation. Indeed, we were highly pleased with Shaker Village, and with all its inmates. Many of that number who were young at that date are now, as you inform us, occupying useful positions in Society. We now remember them as beautiful children and are interested to learn of their better and more advanced lives. With the little children we always eujoyed a pleasant chitchat, and took pleasure in their amusements. I will now write you a little more ful- 132 SHAKER MANIFESTO. ly concerning myself as you requested. I was born on the 29th of December, A. D. 1800, in the State of Ohio, which was then only a Territory. My parents at that early date lived in a rude, log cabin, which was situated in the dense forest. We had no roads, bridges, school house nor even a meeting .house. Years passed on and our first school house was built of unhewn logs and covered with split boards, called clap boards. It had one room, only, as it was innocent of even a hallor closet. Our place for study was well lighted, having several windows about eight inches long and less in width. Instead of glass these placed wore covered with paper that had been dipped in oil. From some of the logs of which the house was built, the sprouts grew during the first summer, full two feet. It presented a very singular appearance as these long sprouts were growing on all sides of the house. At this date 1 was six years old, and with this privilege learned to spell and read quite well. For books we had Dilworth's prim3r, Noah Webster's speller and the New Testament. Our teacher had no burden about arithmetic as it was not taught, not even the multiplication table. As our school house was built in the green woods, in a green country and having a green teacher and greener pupils, it need be no wonder that the writer of this article should be one of the western evergreens. At the early date of which I am writing, even small children could be spared but a short time each season, to attend school. They were needed at home and often made quite useful in picking up brush and chips preparatory for the plough and the hoe. My parents, Jacob and Hannah Halloway became the owners of 170 acres of excellent land, in the Miamie valley, on which they built a comfortable house and barn. They kept three spans of horses and fifteen head of cattle. On account of the depredations committed by the bears and wolves, they were able to keep only a few sheep or a few swine. I was but five years of age when my parents became acquainted with the Shakers, and my initiation into the faith of the order, must date, I suppose, about that time. Allow me also to make this remark, that I have not been confined to the house one day, by sickness, since I was a very small child. I have not taken any medicine to the amount of one dollar. I have never ate nor smoked tobacco, and do not think I have used a gill of spirit for more than fifty five years. [Notwithstanding all these early disadvantages, our beloved Elder Cephas has been one of the most active workers in the Society ot Union Village, and has been appointed to many of its offices of trust and responsibility. At the present time he is the Elder in the church family. Even at this advanced age the good man is an excellent penman, and his whole letter would be a severe rebuke to the many, who having every advantage for an education, allow themselves to write so badly and to spell even worse.]