A DIALOGUE James S. Prescott Between a Shaker and a Clergyman. S. Good morning, I have come to imform you, that T have changed my religious sentiments, and embraced the testimony of Christ's Second Appearing. C. Is it possible? I am surprised! I am sorry for you! How could you, after being a member of our church so long, go and throw yourself away among that deluded people, whose religion is so universally spoken against? S. I did not throw myself away, I only 'saved myself from this untoward generation.' If it is a delusion, it is a happy one, and as happiness is what all men desire, it is but reasonable to expect them to close in with it, when, and wherever they find it. C The Shakers are well known to us. Their sentiments and practice made their appearance early after the church began to apostatize from the truth of God, revealed in his holy word. Shakerism is the monkery of the catholic church, the 'Mother of harlots.' S. The sentiments and practice of the Shakers made their appearance on the day of Pentecost—See Acts, ii. 44, 45, and iv. 34, 35, and 37, and was consummated in the Church at Jerusalem; and while it stood in its purity, was a real Shaker Church, representing what the Shakers have been doing in America, ever since 1792. Let me explain further. Did not the primitive Christians live lives of celibacy? Peter, one of the Elders of the church said, lo ! we have left all to follow Christ, and the wife was included. So do the Shakers. Did not the primitive church, hold their property in common? So do the Shakers. Did not the early Christians abstain from war and blood- 130 SHAKER MANIFESTO. shed? So do the Shakers. It was the sentiments and practice of the churches, both catholic and protestant, that made their appearance, early after the apostasy took place, and not the Shakers. C. It is no new sentiment for men to deny as your teachers do, the doctrine of the imputed righteousness of Christ, and claim that they will climb up some other way than by Jesus Christ, the way, the truth and the life. Many being ignorant of God's righteousness, have gone about to establish a righteousness of their own, having never submitted to the righteousness of Christ, but such the scriptures assure us will receive this at God's hand, to 'lie down in sorrow.' S. On this point I found by critical examination, that the Shaker's theology was the most rational and consistent of any now extant. It commended itself to my reason and understanding. I was always at a loss to know, how God could punish the innocent and let the guilty go free, without violating his attribute of justice, while 'justice and judgment, were the habitation of his throne.' I think there was some priest-craft about this doctrine. C. Forbidding to marry was one of the prominent features of the apostate church. See I. Timothy iv. 1, 2, 3. 'Now the spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times, some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits and doctrines of devils, speaking lies in hypocrisy, having their conscience seared, with a hot iron ;—Forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats which God hath created to be received with thanksgiving.' S. On investigation of the Shaker doctrines I found that marriage was a civil rite and not a Christian institution, and belonged exclusively to the children of this world, and not to Christ's kingdom, as it is written. 'The children of this world marry, and are given in marriage : But they which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world, and the resurrection from the dead, neither marry, nor are given in marriage :' See Luke, xx. 34, 35. Who are accounted worthy? Why, all true Shakers of course—they do not forbid marriage and never did. But they abstain from it, as Christ and the Apostles did. They have the highest Christian auth ^rity for living lives of virgin celibacy. Christ lived that life, and he was our example. Paul lived that life. Peter, and all the Apostles, and the primitive church lived that life, before the apostasy. (TO BE CONTINUED.)