Farm and Garden A HOME-MADE ROLLER The Agriculturist gives the following description of a simple roller : Cut a log into sections, two feet long, that it may be more readily turned round. The log should be at least two feet in diameter, of heavy wood, such as oak or hard maple, and the sections should be sawed v ry true, so that the ends will work freely and not bind against each other. The sections are bored through the center with an auger an inch and three-quarters in diameter, and the holes should be bored from each end to the middle, where they should meet; they can be made more true in this way than by boring through from one end. The axle is an iron rod of one and a half inch diameter. Washers, half an inch thick, should be placed between the sections. The frame should be made of heavy stuff, at least four inches square, so as to gain weight and a driver's seat may be on. When built, the sections should be raised from the ground, and planed smooth and true. The Cows .—Treat them generously and kindly, but do not keep them fat unless they are to be turned off for beef. A cow is a machine, a laboratory for converting raw materials into milk. If little be given, little will be received. All animals should have exercise, especially those kept for breeding. Some of them are naturally lazy, but they will be the better for stirring about in the open air. CHARCOAL FOR FOWLS There is one thing which nature does not supply, and which civilization renders quite necessary to fowls. It is charcoal. Charcoal of wood does not answer the purpose. But if any one will put an ear of ripe corn into the fire until the-grains are well charred, and then shell off the corn and throw it to the flock, he will see an eagerness developed and a healthy constitution brought about which will make a decided improvement, and the average yield of eggs greatly increased. Kindness in horse training .—Nothing contributes so much in modifying high temper in animals, or in the enhancement oi their physical beauty and powers of productiveness—as the case may be—than good treatment and patient kindness. Prof Wagner, speaking of its effect in the training of young horses, says : Many think they are doing finely, and are proud of their success in horse training, by means of severe whipping, or otherwise arousing and stimulating the passions, and then crushing the will through which the resistance is prompted. No mistake can be greater than this, and there is nothing that so fully exhibits the ability, judgment and skill of the real horseman, as the care displayed in winning instead of repelling the action of the mind.—Exchange. PRESERVING HARNESS The first point to be observed is to keep the leather soft and pliable. This can be done only by keeping it well charged with oil and grease. Water is a destroyer of each of these ; but mud and saline moisture from the animal are even more destructive. Mud, in drying, absorbs the grease and opens the pores of the Lleather, making it a ready prey to water; while the salty character of the perspiration from the animal injures the leather, stitching and mounting. It, therefore, follows that, to preserve a harness, the straps should be washed and oiled at intervals as required. To do this effectually, the straps should all be unbuckled and detached, and washed with warm,-soft water and crown soap, and hung by a slow fire or in the sun until nearly dry, then, coated with a mixture of neatsfoot oil and tallow and allowed to remain in a warm room for several hours, and when perfectly dry rub thoroughly with a woolen rag. The rubbing is important, as it in addition to removing the surplus oil and grease, tends to close the pores and give a finish to the leather. In hanging harness, care should be taken to allow all the straps to hang their full length. Light is essential to the care of leather, and when the harness closet is dark the door should be left open at least half the time during the day. All closets should be well ventilated and, when possible, be well lighted. To clean plated mountings, use a chamois with a little tripoli or rotten stone. But they should be scoured as little as possible. Harness Journal.