SHAKERS AT EVERETT HALL THE Everett Hall was crowded to its doors, the occasion being the Women's Conference, at which several Shakers made addresses. The meeting was opened by Mr. Nichols, the chairman of the meeting, who introduced Mr. Frank Brown. This gentleman was followed by Mrs. Jennie Foster, who spoke on woman's mission in Spiritualism, and was followed by ELDRESS ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE, of the Mt. Lebanon Shaker Society. The Eldress is a well preserved elderly lady, the picture of rosy health and the possessor of a face that is the embodiment of good nature and kindly instincts. Advancing to the platform she thanked her audience for the welcome extended her, and said that if Paul could hear the utterances listened to during the evening he would perhaps regret his proposition to have the women keep silence in meetings. Brother Paul was a good man, and well meaning and honest in his convictions. Not inspired, certainly, when he uttered much that has come down to us as his words. What he said was well enough for his time, but that time is passed. We are inclined now to accept as law teachings that suited an age and a condition of things far different from our own. The Shakers, she stated, are in hearty sympathy with every effort made to better the condition of 152 SHAKER MANIFESTO. humanity, and watch with deep interest the removing of the old hindrances that from antiquity have circumscribed the race. Old time creeds and dogmas are losing their power, and wom.in it is whose hands are at work removing the barriers that stand in the way of her progress. She did :;ot 'Aish to underrate the theologies of the past and present, but the day of narrow creeds is nearly spent. A new day is dawning, and in it woman will stand released from orthodox control and permitted to hold her right place in the order of creation. We do not ask, said the speaker, for moru male rulers, law makers, judges or lawyers. What is wanted is relief from the one sided power that has ruled the world so long. There is less need of costly churches and tine public buildings than of common sense and justice in the making and the administering of the laws. When women have the power that belongs to them, there will be less war, less of intemperence, and less of sensuality in the world. When this is the case, then will have commenced the millennium on earth, for which we ought all to prepare to meet. She was followed by Martha Anderson, a Shakeress, who closed her interesting speech with a song. Mrs. Cooley, M. D., was the last speaker of the evening and her address was heard with attention. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.