Conference, Saturday eve. March, 1882, at Poland Hill, Me. Sophia Mace Conference, Saturday eve. March, 1882, at Poland Hill, Me. Introductory piece, sung.— In the great day of the Lord we are living, And the great future is close at hand; New truths are given! Inspiration from heaven, Truths immortal and grand. Awake thou that sleepest! Arouse from your slumber, Come forth into newness of life ! Even the angels of heaven are calling away, Away from sill discord and strife. Elder Nehemiah Trull then spoke as follows;— Do we realize the true sentiment of what we have sung? Are we awake to the divine inspiration of our songs and hymns. Does the word of God, so richly bestowed, feed our souls? Does it lead us to make a greater sacrifice of our selfish life. So plain and simple is the way that the way-faring man, though a fool, may not err therein. If we walk in submission to the call of God, agreeably to its present revelation, we need not err therein. We must all pass through the same self-denying work to insure redemption. Christ overcame the world. To become his followers we also must be crucified to the world, for the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes and the pride of life are not of the Father, but of the world. We cannot overcome the world while indulging in any depraved appetite! This power is not gained in one day or one year, but we grow into Christ, our living, resurrected head. Let us at the same time cherish the testimony of our blessed Mother Ann, in which there can be no failure. This teaches us to crucify the flesh with all its affections and lusts, and to bring every deed of darkness to the light, by an honest confession befjre God, in the presence of his witnesses. What if it does cost all that we have, yea; and our own life also to gain this pearl of great price, our God requires the whole, soul, body and spirit. What if we suffer affliction and privation, are these things not needed to bring us nearer to God? Whom the Lord loveth he chasteneth, and scourgeth every son and daughter whom he receiveth. Let us endure faithfully what is for us, and labor for reconciliation to God. For one, I am bound to make the sacrifice the Lord does require.