Select A tutor of one of the Oxford Colleges who limped in his walk, was... A tutor of one of the Oxford Colleges who limped in his walk, was some years after accosted by a well-known politician, who asked him if he was not the chaplain of the college at such a time, naming the year. The doctor replied that he was. The interrogator observed: 'I knew you by your limp.' 'Well' said the doctor, 'It seems that my limping made a deeper impression than my preaching.' 'Ah, doctor,' was the reply, with ready wit, 'it is the highest compliment we can pay to a minister to say that he is SHAKER MANIFESTO. 167 known by his walk rather than by his conversation.'' Womans' Journal. Coffee , was first sold in London in 1652, by a Greek, whose handbill read: 'The virtue of the coffee drink first publiquely made and sold in England by Pasqua Rosee, in St. Michael's Alley, Cornhill, at the sign of his own head.' HAVE SOME AIM . ' If we could all be great—if each of us in this grand and beautiful world might win fame and horor—if we might gain the praise of the multitude, and be pointed out in the throng as the gifted artist, author, or statesman—it would be very pleasant, doubtless, and soothing to our pride. But if all were eminent there would be no eminence. If every one stood at the top of the ladder, this would be a very humdrum world, for the mainspring of trying to win any good thing is emulation. But it is certain that all cannot be at the top. Society is made up of all grades, but while some will always remain in the humble ranks of plodders, even the lowest may accomplish some great object, which, though it does not secure fame, may win peace and joy. The golden rule of life is to ''Do everything the very best you can.' We may make our mark as well in one place as another, though perhaps not as. plainly; but if, in the beginning of our career, we make up our minds to do every duty promptly which comes in our way, to act and speak kindly as we have opportunity, to make life easier to others, if we can do so; in short, to do what we can toward making the world a pleasant place to live in, we will win something far more precious than fame—the love of those around us, and the approval of God. //. V.