CARNIVEROUS PARROTS FREDERIC W. EVANS New Zealand is credited with 33,000,000 Sheep. Thousands are slaughtered for market, and the Australian and New Zealand Wools are a staple commodity in the markets of the world. The Scientific American says that a species of bird called the Kea, or Mountain Parrot, which, in the days and under the rule of the Moari, were an innocent bird, have, by seeing so many sheep prepared for the tables of the English Christians, that were left hanging in the open meat sheds as they were called,p learned first to pick up scraps, finally became carniverous, until now, they attack live sheep and destroy hundreds of them. They select the fat sheep and pick them all in one particular spot over the kidneys where the fat of the sheep principally lies. It is stated that from 3, to 5 per cent of the immense flocks are destroyed by this Mountain Parrot. That the natural habits of a wild bird could be thus changed, is among the wonders of animal life. Out of one nock of twenty sheep, nineteen were killed. In another of 300, only 105 remained. The writer continues, 'These repulsive flesh devouring propensities may have been acquired by the bird in a severe winter, being forced to visit the stations in search of food, and by feeding on what it found, a carniverous appetite was formed of such strength that its former frugivorous tastes are entirely destroyed, and flesh now forms its sole food.' If this change of habit was confined to a few individuals of a specie in a domestic state, we might assign, as cause for it, some accidental digression. But, that a whole species, in their wild condition, should undergo an apparent constitutional change, is simply wonderful. And that it should occur in the animal which approaches nearest to man in the Gift of speech, only adds to our surprise. It leaves the impression that man has, or may, corrupt the whole Creation and cause them to groan together, that he, himself, was, not what he now is. In descending, he has the power of dragging down other kinds of animals as well as his own kind. It solves the problem of the fail of man. If Parrots can fall, why may not man have fallen? Now, he is carniverous. Originally, like parrots, he was frugivorous. War has resulted from his flesh eating propensities. He may change and again become frugivorous and live in peace with all animated nature, neither harming nor hurting things cognizant of suffering. But for the poor Mountain Parrot, whom he has perverted, there is evidently no hope but in the extinction of the species of birds thus added to the list of carniverous, or consign them over to Darwin as manifold witness of constitutional development of retrogression, back to a primitive and more barbarous ancestry that existed before the earth produced the grains and fruits af a New Zealand climate. If the Parrot may eat flesh, like the Vulture, why not the Lion learn to eat grass like the Ox, in the coming days, when he that slayeth an Ox shall be as he that killeth a man, and as the days of a tree, like the Washingtonian, so shall the days of God's People be a farinaceous, fruit eating, long lived People, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.