THE PROPHETIC CONFERENCE (Continued fbom last numbeb.) Wars and rumors of wars, famine and pestilence, anxiety and unrest everywhere, scientific men burning incense to their own vanity, appalling crimes and shocking villanies loading the columns of our daily journals, infidelity garrisoned within the church, the world blaspheming in its rage and pain, the virgins asleep—such is the picture our Lord liitnself drew of the course of the present a.ge, 'till he come.' To prove that the second coming of Christ must necessarily be the personal appearance of the man Jesus, it was maintained that the scriptures plainly declared this; that the literal sense was always to be taken, and not to be spiritualized, except when the context makes it absurd; for, it was said, were it permitted to spiritualize where a literal meaning is intended, almost anything might be proven from the Bible. These are some of the leading ideas that engrossed the attention of that learned convention and what a state of the thought and spirituality of what is styled the 'orthodox' church, is revealed. They have preached salvation through faith in the blood of Jesus, but of all the many millions that believe, 'what a little flock really follow the Good Shepherd!' They despair of converting the world, therefore they look for Jesus to come again that by a mighty miracle he might accomplish what they have failed to do, although the voices of 1800 years proclaim that hope to be a vain and futile one. Like the Pharisees of old, looking for the Messiah as a conquering King, failed to discern him in the humble Nazarene when he stood in their midst denouncing sin, so these wise theologians of today, worshipping the letter of the 'word of God,' look for Christ to 148 SHAKER MANIFESTO. come with overpowering might and splendor, forgetting that it is written, 'to them that look for him, he shall appear the second time without sin unto salvation.' Not by might nor power, but by his Spirit will God redeem the world. And as the first appearing took place among the lowliest of earth's children, so in the second appearing, the same Spirit who found utterance through Jesus, became manifested through a poor and ignorant woman ; but through her was also revealed the Man of Sin, the Mystery of Iniquity, that Wicked, which should precede tl.e second comisg. It was Ann Lee that laid bare the poisonous fountain that has done its corrupting work in every human heart; but through her came also deliverance from that universal curse and was ministered a baptism that cleanses the sinful soul and makes it anew in God. And the effect of that regenerating work upon those who enter into it in truth and verity is that it makes them humble and child-like, they flee every lust of the flesh and the mind, confessing their sins before God's witnesses; they live together in purity as brethren and sisters, holding woman in honor—not contempt; they put their hands to work and their hearts to God, sharing alike the fruits of their labor ; they discard the vanities of the world and consider a pure and stainless life as the most precious gift; they live in contentment with their lot and they die in serenity and peace, blessing God for his goodness, for, having found salvation through obedience to the cross of Christ, they feel assured of eternal life. Two pictures are placed before us. One painted by the hands of its own adherents presents the condition of a worldly church ; failure is stamped upon it. Jesus said, by their fruits shall ye know them. Mother Ann said, when ye see the branches grow and flourish, then know ye that the root is holy. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.