Select A tutor of one of the Oxford Colleges who limped in his walk, was... A tutor of one of the Oxford Colleges who limped in his walk, was some years after accosted by a well-known politician, who asked him if he was not the chaplain of the college at such a time, naming the year. The doctor replied that he was. The interrogator observed: 'I knew you by your limp.' 'Well' said the doctor, 'It seems that my limping made a deeper impression than my preaching.' 'Ah, doctor,' was the reply, with ready wit, 'it is the highest compliment we can pay to a minister to say that he is SHAKER MANIFESTO. 167 known by his walk rather than by his conversation.'' Womans' Journal. Coffee , was first sold in London in 1652, by a Greek, whose handbill read: 'The virtue of the coffee drink first publiquely made and sold in England by Pasqua Rosee, in St. Michael's Alley, Cornhill, at the sign of his own head.' HAVE SOME AIM . ' If we could all be great—if each of us in this grand and beautiful world might win fame and horor—if we might gain the praise of the multitude, and be pointed out in the throng as the gifted artist, author, or statesman—it would be very pleasant, doubtless, and soothing to our pride. But if all were eminent there would be no eminence. If every one stood at the top of the ladder, this would be a very humdrum world, for the mainspring of trying to win any good thing is emulation. But it is certain that all cannot be at the top. Society is made up of all grades, but while some will always remain in the humble ranks of plodders, even the lowest may accomplish some great object, which, though it does not secure fame, may win peace and joy. The golden rule of life is to ''Do everything the very best you can.' We may make our mark as well in one place as another, though perhaps not as. plainly; but if, in the beginning of our career, we make up our minds to do every duty promptly which comes in our way, to act and speak kindly as we have opportunity, to make life easier to others, if we can do so; in short, to do what we can toward making the world a pleasant place to live in, we will win something far more precious than fame—the love of those around us, and the approval of God. //. V. A MODEL LAWYER . 'Squire Johnson was a model lawyer, as the following anecdote will show : Jones once rushed into the Squire's office in a great passion, and said : 'That scoundrel of a cobbler, Smith, has sued me for five dollars for a pair of boots.' 'Then you owe him five dollars?' 'To be sure I do, but he's gone and sued me—sued me !' 'Then why don't you pay him, if you owe him?' 'Because he sued me, when a man does that I'll never pay him till it costs him more than lie gets. I want you to make it cost him all you can.' 'But it will cost you something, too.' 'I don't care for that. What do you charge to begin with?' 'Ten dollars, and more if there's much extra trouble.' 'All right? There's the X. Now go ahead.' No sooner was the client gone than 'Squire Johnson stepped across to his neighbor, Smith, and offered to pay the bill on condition that the suit was withdrawn. The shoemaker gladly accepted—all he wanted was his pay. The lawyer retained the other five for his fee, and as the case was not troublesome, lie made no demand upon his client. Ten days after, .Jones came to see how his case was getting on. 'All right,' said the lawyer: 'You won't have any trouble about that. I put it to Smith so strongly that he was glad to withdraw the suit altogether.' 'Capital!' cried the exulting Jones. ''You have done it browr ! You shall have all my business hereafter.'