HANNAH GOODRICH HENRY C. BLINN BY Hannah Goodrich was a daughter of Dea. Daniel Goodrich. She was born in the town of Hancock, Mass. April 26, 1763. Her parents, and all of their family became members of the Shaker Community, at Hancock iD 1780. Daniel Goodrich, her father, was a deacon in the Baptist church, under the ministration of the Rev. Valentine Rathbone, sen. Her father visited the Shakers in Albany in 1779 and reported them as being in possession of the beautiful apostolic gifts. So convinced was he that they were a good and religious people that he embraced their testimony and professed their faith. In June 1780 Hannah Goodrich, the subject of our sketch, and her brother Daniel made a journey to the town of Watervliet, N. Y. for the express purpose of making a visit to the Shakers. They arrived on Sunday morning and arranged to attend the public Service. A large body of people were present, many of whom would be known only as spectators. In relating the incidents of this first visit, Hannah said, 'We heard the elders preach, and at the same time bear a faithful testimony against every form of a sinful life. Mother and her little family after being seated all sung in such a solemn and heavenly manner that I felt as though I was among the heavenly host. 'At the time of this interview I began my acquaintance with Mother Ann and the Elders. After the closing of the meeting, Mother informed us that if we desired to be followers of Christ and ob- SHAKER MANIFESTO. 149 tain the prize of salvation, we must confess our sins to God, in the presence of his witnesses and then forsake them forever. That we must take up our crosses against every propensity which caused us to commit sin and by so doing we should obtain forgiveness and the favor of God. 'In obedience to this instruction from Mother Ann I have proved the truth ot her testimony, and in thankfulness have blessed God that I was made able to receive it. The precepts which she taught were pure and heavenly, full of wisdom and understanding, and in perfect conformity to the life of Jesus Christ, whom she always acknowledged as her head and Lord. The exemplary life and conversation of Mother Ann were truly worthy of Christian imitation.' On the 11th, of May 1792, Hannah Goodrich, who was till this date a member of the Society of Hancock, Mass., was by the authority of the Ministry of New Lebanon, N. Y. appointed to the office of the Ministry over the Societies at Canterbury and Enfield, N. H. and at the same time received the title of Mother. Although she was now only twenty nine years of age, she was very kindly received by the people in both of the Societies, and ever after known as Mother Hannah. As her calling was wholly in the spiritual order, she became an earnest worker for the general prosperity of the people over whom she presided. She taught that neatness, prudence and honesty should become prominent in the mind of every Christian. That as we gave our hands to work, we should at the same time, give our heart to God. Mother Hannah Goodrich was gifted with a loving and affectionate disposition and was always ready to assist those who were in the bonds of affliction. By her kindness and parental care she won the confidence of all who came to see her, and through this, commanded their love and respect. In person she was above the medium height, thick set, strongly built, and well proportioned. Her complexion was rather dark but fair. Her hair and eyes were black. She was highly gifted with a rich, musical voice, and as a singer was able to administer, through that spirit, some of the choicest of God's blessings. (To BE CONTINUED.)