Letter Box Shaker Village, N. 11. May, 1882 Emma Shaker Village, N. 11. May, 1882 Dear Sister Sarah;—I felt so thankful this morning during our season of worship for my privilege to grow up in a Christian home, with such true, kind friends who teach me how to live a pure life that 1 resolved I would make myself worthy through obedience and carefulness each day. When I am led to confess and repent of my faults, through the forgiving love of my friends, I feel so happy I can hardly express it. I am told that by this means my conscience is kept tender, and I shall never be left to fall into sin, and I do want to be always pure at heart. I mean to pray continually for strength to resist each evil temptation that I may grow up pure and true like you, dear sister and finally become one of the 'flowers of Heaven.' 164 SHAKER MANIFESTO. I am trying very hard to improve my time in school, there are so many things I want to learn that I may be useful, and able to be a teacher myself some day. My scripture text for this week is 'Ask and it shall be given you, seek and ye shall find.' Now, please remember in your prayers, the teachers, scholars, and also, Your little girl—'Emma. Shaker Village, N. H. S. S. Woods Shaker Village, N. H. My Dear Emma;—Your pretty letter of May 11, was an agreeable surprise, it gave me pleasure to know that you so well understood the gospel testimony which requires confession and repentance of all sin, and that you are striving to make this knowledge practical, to the purifying of your own heart, that you m:iy become one of the blest number who 'shall see God.' Your thought of prayer for spiritual guidance and help in the time of temptation, you will find a safe course to pursue, while the discipline of self-control will be refining and beautifying; for ''He that ruleth his spirit^is better than he that taketh a city.' I am pleased also that you realize the importance of devoting yourself to study with energy and zeal, the remaining terms of your school days, that you may attain the most satisfactory results, and avoid regret for misspent time, in the future 'Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might.' A few more years and you will be old enough to take some responsibilities and be a support to those who have borne the burdens of life, while loving and caring for you. I trust you may then have the desired fitness to meet the hopes and expectations of your Christian friends who are praying that you may become a loyal daughter, pure and true, in the home of your parents. 'Godliness is profitable unto all things, having the promise of the life that now is, and of that which is to come.' I am pleased that the children are so interested in learning scripture texts, it is so much better to have the mind stored with the beautiful, the true and pure expressions in th' Bible, than, to have the heart filled with evi thoughts which work ill to the possessor, and only evil, so far as their influence extends. My dear young fri nd, never allow yourself to trifle with prayer or a religious life. Cultivate reverence to God, and to your superiors in goodness, rank and age ; thus grow respect, affection and love for the pure and the true, that your own spirit may aspire to attain this excellence of character which is so lovely in the possessor. 'He that loveth pureness of heart, for the grace of his lips, the king shall he his friend.' I have quoted some texts expressive of my interest in you, hoping you may he impressed with their sentiments. Lovingly yours, S. S. Woods SHEEP Albertis Sheep are very useful animals ; If it were not for the sheep we would lose many warm garments. 1 love to sue the lambs they are so playful. I think it is very nice to take care of the sheep. The brother who had the care of the stock gave me a little lamb, but I did not feed it for I was too small, but I could see it when I wanted to. I thought very much of it. I think I treated him very well for when he was grown up to be a sheep, I could call him from the rest of the flock and he would come up to me. I used to carry him apples or a few beans or carrots. This ends my story. 12 years. *