Clifford, Onto. May, 1882 W. Clifford, Onto. May, 1882 My Dear Friend ;—You wish me to give my impressions of Mt. Lebanon * * * * * It more than confirmed my previously surprised impressions of your organization. Nothing but a religious fervor of the most intense character could have accomplished what has been accomplished by Ann Lee and her followers. Whether the altered circumstances of the world, will still favor a further development on the same lines of demarcation, may I think be doubted, but under any circumstance there are the facts of what has already been accomplished. The teachings, the organization, the wealth and acquired prosperity of your church must in the long run have an important influence upon the world, but in what peculiar direction I am not prepared to say. Elder E. thinks the time has come when you should make yourselves better known in England, than you have hith- SHAKER MANIFESTO. 161 erto done, and perhaps this may be the next development. Nothing now exists in the laws of the old Country to prevent this being done and, without let or hindrance, you may then propagate your doctrines and establish your Communities as freely as you do in America, and thus return to the country the enlightenment from which you first received it. To send out your missionaries and retain your head quarters in the States would be, simply to act upon the lines of other churches and might possibly lead to an important increase of your members. Under the care of a German, at L. I saw some 500 or COO sheep with three or four hundred lambs, and this shepherd had been thus employed for many years, although not a member of your order. The same thing might be done at Shirley. Instead of fifty sheep, why not have five hundred and all these of good and profitable breeds? * * * By the end of this month 1 hope to go to Thunder Bay to see G. and then it will be time to think of returning home. I have little news. My health is about the same. With kind regards to all the friends at Shirley and fully reciprocating all good wishes, Believe me yours very truly,—