Farm and Garden SAWDUST FOR BEDDING Sawdust affords an excellent material for bedding. It is cleanly and a good absorbent. Its chemical composition is about the same as that of straw, so that manure with which it is mixed would apparently be of about the same value as that with which straw is mixed. The straw, however, is more easily decomposed than the sawdust, and its elements would sooner become available for plant use. The sawdust has the advantage of being a better absorbent than straw, and its use will save a larger portion of the liquid manure than will be saved when straw is used. Some object to the use of sawdust on the ground that it injures the land to which it is applied. This we regard as an unfounded supposition. If applied to light land, it wilj render it more retentive of moisture, and impede the excessive drying of the soil. If applied to heavy land, it lightens it and renders it more easily penetrated by rains, air and warmth. Wherever sawdust is easily attainable, it will probably be found advisable to use it for bedding and as an absorbent. Watchman. Let old and young fowls enjoy a range... Let old and young fowls enjoy a range, if possible, the larger this is the better. Care of the Buggy .—We lay it down as an axiom that the farmer who cannot afford a cover for his implements and vehicles has no business with a buggy. A buggy is too frail and delicate to stand heat and storms. The buggy must be kept housed when not in use. When brought out of the house it should be dusted off with a feather duster. If it comes home muddy, it should be cleaned before putting in the house. It may be inconvenient, but in the end it will pay. There is no need of taking it to a creek and there attack it with the old scrub broom. Take a bucket or two of water and a sponge and gently wash the top, then the bed, and wring out a chamois and wipe so no water stands on the varnish. Wherever water dries on varnish it will lose its lustre. A bucket and a sponge and chain- 166 SHAKER MANIFESTO. ois and feather duster are as necessary adjuncts to a fanner's buggy as a wrench A careful man will have his buggy look neat and last three times as long as the class firs named. The average farmer can ill afford to buy a buggy and harness for pleasure. And neither he nor any other farmer can afford lo neglect and destroy them. Wastefulness treads on the heels of extravagance, and the model farmer will not tolerate either on his premises.—Ex.