MISSION OF THE MANIFESTO GILES B. AVERY Go forth to the nations and tell the glad story, The Kingdom of Heaven is now brought to earth; Lo, Christ hath appear'd and doth now sit in 'Glory,' Proclaiming to nations, a heavenly birth. Declare to truth seekers the ' Word' that is Power, Whose precepts were utter'd by Zion's true King. Proclaim to the sin sick a heavenly dower To souls who their off'rings to Mount Zion bring. Go, bearing a light to all souls now in darkness, And help them to enter Christ's straight narrow way; Point out to their vision the heavenly largess Of 'beauty for ashes,' for darkness, New Day. An argosy heav'nly on time's ruffled, ocean, A Captain, and Pilots who know well the coast, And will clear for the harbor that's free from commotion, That pirates may plan, or that Neptune may boast. Go, send forth the reapers, the tares pull and burn them With coals off [he altar of Heaven's pure Shrine, Then harvest the souls that are ripe and return them To garners secure in the mansions Divine. A 'Harvest' proclaim to all kindreds and nations Of sheaves that are ripe for the Kingdom of God; To a Heavenly Garner,—a port of salvation, A peace from the strife, and a rest from the plod. SHAKER MANIFESTO. 157 Of souls who are journeying sin's dreary pathway, And weary with wand'rings in gloom and despair, Or, doubting God's goodness mid pilgrim's sad'halfway ' And buffeted yet with the 'Prince of the Air.' Go, bearing a balm to all souls who lie wounded In strifes with temptations, where passions betray, (io, tell them the trump of the healer is sounded, And healing is cenain to all who obey! The Old and the New dispensations from Heaven Of God's love and mercy to erring lost: man, Portray with precision, and dispense their leaven, And show how the Christ wrought through good Mother Ann. To burst the strong bands of a gross carnal nature And ransom the soul from the world's sordid claim. From man made false creeds be an emancipator And publish the truth that in Mount Zion reigns. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.