NOTES It is very pleasant for us that the mission of 'good news' still continues to cheer us, and that a little light is occasionally permitted to shine for the comfort of those who are on their pilgrimage from earth to heaven. That touching appeal for aid from on high,—'Watching and Waiting' has entered the heart of our good Brother, Watson Andrews, of North Union, Ohio, and he has, with others of his order proposed to send one dollar each month for twenty copies of the Manifesto, which are to be distributed gratuitously. This certainly looks like the vitality of a living faith. -It is giving to the poor of this world, which is godlv service, whether they are poor in spiritual gifts or in bank bills. Our faith is far better illustrated by our works -in assisting others to know of the troth, than by a multitide of protestations of goodness or sanctity. We would like to have every family interest themselves ill this subject aud see if it is cot possible, and more than this, if it is not our godly duty as children of the Light to publish our Community life more extensively, and send it into the world as free as the 'waters of salvation.' Take no thought of your life, what ye shall eat, so say the scriptures, and the good, Christian city of Boston are giving the passage a very liberal interpretation. An article in the Journal informs us that one dealer in that city sells not less than 1/&gt;0,000 frogs a year for food. Men are employed to go through the states of Massachusetts, Maine and New Hampshire, catching frogs for the market. Those who believe that what a man eats, acts largely upon his soul life, may expect hereafter to find the list of leapers and croakers wonderfully increased. A few years since one of our medical Journals advocated the eating of horse flesh, and recommended horse beef to be as good for the table as ox beef. We sWltiot dispute the point. In all probability we may soon expect to hear this appetizing invitation,—Allow me to help you to a small piece of horse beef or to a piece of bull frog ? While we may not have any conscientious samples against eating the meat of i\.UVEItTISEK.S. SHAKER MANIFESTO. 159 horses and frogs, we are free to say— we don't hanker after it. Shirley Mass. From the annual Report of the School Committee of the town of Shirley for the year 1881, we obtain the following; 'On the good judgment and sustaining power of parents, rests the chief responsibility of any school. In proof of this we point to the Shakers. Nothing is ever wrong there. More progress is made in six months attendance there, than in a year in any other school in town, by pupils of like grade. Why? All work to one end,—the Elders of both sexes as well as the teachers ; attendance is good; of truancy, there is none ; grumblers are not there ; the teacher is one of the Community ; no attempt is made to develop new physiological facts? or to curtail the creative laws of nature. Here is seen what a Community, what united effort, can do.' The school was taught by Jennie L. •Jencks. Number of pupils, 14. Average attendance, 9. Wages of teacher, per month, $16,66. Length of school, in weeks, 12. On our recent visit to the school in Shirley, we were much interested in the recitations, of the pupils, as well as in their general order and mannerly deportment. The school room was well lighted, and amply furnished with everything that the pupils needed for their advancement. The Society at this place has no building kept expressly for a school house, but for many years have held the school session in one of the rooms of their brick dwelling. Those who send communications to the Manifesto should always write their whole name, and place of residence. If the article is to be published, the name of the individual can be withheld if the writer requests it.