A DIALOGUE JAMES S. PRESCOTT Betweeti a Shaker and a Clergyman. (Continued from last number.) C. And again, the qualifications of Bishop's and Deacon's wives were given, and we know that the Apostles of Jesus Christ had wives with but very few exceptions. Again, Jesus Christ the foundation of all our hopes, the faithful and true witness performed his first miracle at Cana of Galilee, at a marriage, at which he and his Mother attended. S. If there is a Bishop or a Deacon belonging to any Orthodox church, who will come forward and say with uplifted hands, that he cannot possibly avoid fornication, we will agree with Paul and say, let him have his one wife, and confine him to monogamic marriage for the time being, until he can do better, for this was the reason that Paul assigned as an apology for his innovation upon original Christianity. Peter was the only exception among the apostles who had a wife, and he soon became a celibate for the sake of following the example of his divine Lord. Marriage is honorable only where it is made so, by keeping the law of marriage, in the order where it belongs. In reply to your quotation from I. Timothy iv ; 1, 2. I will say, that it will apply only to apostates, and apostate churches, whenever found in ancient or modern times. You say, forbidding to marry was a prominent feature in the apostate church. How is this? Do you not make Paul to blow hot and cold, with the same breath, and in the same chapter?—when he said, 'But the younger widows refuse : for ¦when they have begun to wax wanton against Christ, they will marry ; Having damnation because they have cast oft their first faith.' See I. Timothy v: 1], 12. And then allowing the younger women to marry &amp;c. There we find Paul forbidding marriage in the gentile church, and annexing a terrible penalty,—'having damnation' because they had apostatized from their first faith, and what was that? Evidently, it was to live lives of virgin celibacy as they did at Jerusalem. Because marriage in the church, was against Christ, i. e. anti. Here we have Paul's definition of marriage in the church and the beginning of the reign of Antichrist in the churches, from that day to this. C In short any man who denies the propriety of the marriage relation, must first have rejected the scriptures as the only sufficient rule of faith and practice,| for it was 146 SHAKER MANIFESTO. the first ordinance that God instituted for man, and will continue no doubt until the end. Christ has uniformly sanctioned it, and those who oppose it, are anti, or against Christ, and if he }.revail they must fall. But I will not dwell any longer on this part of the subject. Dear brother, your declaration compels me to say, in Christian faithfulness, that judging from your language, you have either fallen, into the snare of the devil, and should cry mightily to God to break the snare, and liberate your soul, or else you manifest that you are in the gall of bitterness and in the bonds of iniquity. S. Here we find Paul, your highest authority, denying the propriety of the marriage relation in the gentile church, by refusing to take young widows into that number, under sixty years of age, having damnation as a consequence of marrying in the church, in that day, because it was against, i. e. antichristian and if marriage was against Christ in that day, how much more must it be in the nineteenth century. It is true that Paul did tolerate monogamic marriage among the polygamists of that day, to avoid a greater evil, at the same time telling them 'that the time is short, it remaineth, that both they that have wives, be as though they had none.' I. Cor. vii: 29. Why? Because he had already denounced marriage in the church as being antichristian and therefore, could not be a 'Christian institution,' much less authority for succeeding generations. Jesus attended a wedding at Cana of Galilee, to show forth his glory, by performing a miracle, and his disciples believed on him, and this confirmed their faith in his divine mission. But this did not sanction or encourage marriage, any more than it did drunkenness, or publicans and harlots, for he came to seek and save that which was lost, and he was now beginning to fulfill his divine mission. (TO BE CONTINUED.)