INFLUENCE CHARLOTTE BYRDSALL Our life begins in the senses ; from material things, the growth is upward, and onward, to reason, intelligence, and spirituality. On the natural plane of existence, seeking and striving after shadows, or influences, comprise a portion of human history ; what we may be, and attain, is ever before us, corresponding with the flowing thought in the varied grades of existence. The Laws of Life require trueness to one's self, right exertion of spirit and power to do. 'The kingdom of heaven suifereth violence ; and the violent take it by force.' This kingdom is in germ life in all : the soul is an atom of the Universe of righteousness ; the body is the material casket, to preserve it from the tumult and oppression of natural tempest and storm. As we regulate, and rerine this, from errors that contract like worms that gnaw, and undermine, so we cast upon our spiritual beings, upright and clear shadows of truth. Right living becomes right thinking; and others share the love and respect which we have molded to ourselves, through the silent, but wielding power of influence. We cannot cause oblivion of thought nor feeling ; whatever we esteem within reflects outwardly, though sometimes the channel of conveyance may be imperfect ; yet through all the dim perfections, shadows, and blanks, the internal aim will eventually be apparent. Life is a circle 'round by round the starry way, and golden summit's won.' Many times, we would pause in diffusing ideas, or shadows of such, if we clearly perceived the intimate connection between mind and mind ; the web-like threads, that unite soul to soul, which are strengthened or weakened, by the reflection of a thought, or motive, causing a momentary cessation of forces in the kingdom of bodily and spiritual righteousness ; what we impart and receive, constitute our existence. Throughout creation, all animate objects bear relation one with another, through influence, corresponding with that between human beings. This law is for the progress of goodness, tending to develop the better nature, and elevate to higher and higher aspirations. For heart to heart within life's circling bounds, Must share the aWthat with each one abounds. Beautiful the institution of communism, the blending of God-given and sustaining influences ! Through the rolling ages of spiritual acclivities and declensions, shadows, or influences, were God's emblems of Hope and immortality ; these have been, and are often purblindly received and appropriated, like unto those sometimes cast from the human heart. We see too much through a glass darkly, and not cause to cause. Under the boundless influence of Godly love, the free outpouring of inspirational life and power, naught but righteous influences should be shed. Where right is power, and truth is love, we may gather, and scatter, the roses of peace, and flowers of virtue, through holy influences. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.