Books and Papers Books and papers Hall's Journal of Health; May; Pub. by E. H. Gibbs. A.M., M.D. 141 Eighth St. near Broadway, N. Y. Contents. How to Exercise; Beauty's Tyranny; The Management of Sick Children; Prevention of Disease; India Rubber Hunting; Mind and Health; Ignorance and 111 Health; Rheumatism; How to save a drowning person; Shaving the Beard; Reason in all things, etc., etc. Freeman's Monthly Magazine is a neat and well conducted periodical. No one should be without it—Edited by Ozias S. Freeman, N. Y. The St. Louis Magazine for May, comes to us with its usual supply of interesting illustrations and reading matter. It will be especially desira' ble to all who would like a view of some of the most prominent buildings of St. Louis, including the New U.S. Custom House and Post Office, and the new building of the St. Louis Cotton Exchange with a sketch ot the City. Send ten cents to the Publishers and receive a sample copy of the Magazine and a set of beautiful, picture cards. Address St. Louis Magazine Co. 213 N. Eighth St. St. Louis, Mo. Herald op Health ; June; Pub. by M. L. Holbrook, 13 &amp; 15 Laight St., N. Y. Contents. The Tubercle Parasite,—A new theory of Consumption. The Effects of Tobacco. Public Hygiene, Is it of any use? Quantity of Food. Deaths of Darwin, Emerson and Longfellow. Habits of Darwin. Feeble Children. Acidity of the Stomach, etc. A History worth having.—The new and charmingly beautiful, as well as wonderfully cheap edition of 'Green's Larger History of the English People' which is being published by The Useful Knowledge Publishing Co., New York, is most deservedly finding a place in thousands of home libraries. So history is better worthy of a place in even the smallest library, and, though formerly published by the Harper's at $10, it is now easily within the reach of any one, the prices varying in the several forms, from 65 cts. in one volume, octavo, Utility binding, to $2.35 in 5 vols. Elzevir edition, half Russia binding. It also forms a part of the first volume of the Cyclopedia of History which is shortly to appear. These editions are for sale by enterprising booksellers, and club agents and canvassers are wanted everywhere by the publishers, to whom are offered very unusual inducements and facilities. The Homiletic Monthly—Pub. by Funk * Wagnalls, 10 &amp; 12 Dey St. New York. Contents; Sermonic; The Resurrection of Christ, Christ's Solution of David's assertion; The first Beatitude; The Light in the Clouds; The originality of Christ's Character; The uprooted Plants; Building with Hewn Stone; Christ's desire for his people's company; Soul saving the Christian's Business; The uncreated Sun; Funeral Service; Sunday School Service. Among the other papers, are Lectures to my Students; Prayer meeting service; Homiletic studies in the book of Hebrews;—Sermonic criticism; Suggestive themes for sermons, etc. etc. $2.50 a year, single number, 25 cts.