CHRISTIAN EXPERIENCE RUTH WEBSTER If consistency is a jewel where can it shine with brighter luster than in things pertaining to our spiritual welfare? Many set out to be religious yet are so inconsistent that they only bring a blot on the cause which they have espoused. Instead of digging deep and building on a sure foundation they take the opposite course and many times have no foundation at all, a mere castle in the air. We respect those who are sincere and consistent in whatever profession they make, as it shows that they are honest hearted though they may be in an error. The true followers of Christ are those who believe that his teachings and example are superior to any other, hence, they have enlisted u::der his banner to follow his example and practice his precepts. As he said, 'Tie that will come after me let him deny himself take up his cross daily and follow me.' He was called the Prince of Peace and he said his followers would not fight. Were all those that named his name consistent and followed after those things that make peace, there would be no occasion for warring one against another. We have a warfare and we should be thoroughly equipped, by putting on the whole armor ; for the lack of this, many make very little head way against the enemy of all righteousness, but with this they can with zeal turn the battle to the gate. Some are disgusted with the very name of Christ because there has been so much blood shed, and wickedness practiced by those who profess to be followers of the meek and lowly Jesus. There are many counterfeits, but who would think of rejecting the true coin on that account? Jesus said, 'If I go away I will not leave you comfortless, I will send the Comforter the spirit of truth which the world cannot receive.' Again he spoke of the Comforter as the Holy Ghost. Who can comfort us like a tender Mother? I am thankful to my Heavenly Parents that uXo longer an orphan I roam, I have found a true Mother and she's gathered me home.' Union 'Village, Ohio.