Juvenile RHYMES OF ANIMALS A correspondent of the Cincinnati Gazette writes. 'I strung the following rhymes' together to tickle the ears of my little boys, four and six years old. They tease their mamma to read it over and over again, and they fetch the big illustrated dictionary to have her point out the funny animals with such strange names and tell what she can about them. This fancy for rhyme and rhythm is, I suppose, a characteristic of nearly all children, ami perhaps the publication of this will amuse a wider circle than my little household. The aim has been, after euphony, to have the most incongruous animals in juxtaposition.' Alligator, Beetle, Porcupine, Whale, Bobolink, Panther, Dragonfly, Snail, Crocodile, Monkey, Buffalo, Hare, Dromedary, Leopard, Mudturtle, Bear, Elephant, Badger, Pelican, Ox, Flyingfish, Reindeer, Anaconda, Fox, Guineapig, Dolphin, xlntelope, Goose, Hummingbird, Weasel, Pickerel, Moose, Ibex, Rhinoceros, Owl, Kangaroo, Jackal, Opossum, Toad, Cockatoo, Kingfisher, Peacock, Anteater, Bat, Lizard, Ichneumon, Honeybee, Eat, Mockingbird, Camel, Grasshopper, Mouse, Nightingale, Spider, Cuttlefish, Grouse, Ocelot, Pheasant, Wolverine, Auk, Periwinkle, Ermine, Katydid, Hawk, Quail, Hippopotamus, Armadillo, Moth, Rattlesnake, Lion, Woodpecker, Sloth, Salamander, Goldfinch, Angleworm, Dog, Tiger, Flamingo, Scorpion, Frogr Unicorn, Ostrich, Nautilus, Mole, Viper, Gorilla, Basilisk, Sole, Whippoorwill, Beaver, Centipede, Fawn, Xantho, Canary, Pollivrog, Swan, Yellowhammer, Eagle, Hyena, Lark. Zebra, Chameleon, Butterfly, Sha'k. A BOY FULL OF THE BIBLE There was once a little boy who went to Sunday-school regularly, and learned all his lessons well, so that he had a great many Bible verses in his mind. He was a temperance boy. This boy was on a steamboat, making a journey. One day, as he sat alone on deck looking down into the water, two ungodly men gentlemen I cannot call them) agreed that one of them should go and persuade him to drink. So the wicked man drew near the boy, and in an exceedingly pleasant voice and manner invited him to go and drink a glass of liquor with him. 'I thank you, sir,' said the little fellow, '¦but I never drink liquor.' 'Never mind, my lad ; it will not hurt you. Come and drink with me' ' 'Wine is a mocker, strong drink is raging, and whosoever is deceived thereby is not wise,'' was the boy's ready reply. •'You need not be deceived by it. I would not have you drink too much. A little will do you no harm, and will make you feel pleasantly ' ' 'At last it biteth like a serpent and stingeth like an adder,' ' said the boy. 'And I feel safer, and certainly think it wiser, not to play with adders.' 'My fine little fellow,' said the crafty man, '•it will give me pleasure if you will come and drink a glass of my best wine with me.' 'My Bible says, 'If sinners entice thee, consent thou not,' ' was his reply. That was a stunning blow to the tempter, and he went back to his companion. 'How did you succeed?'' said he. 'Oh, the fact ;s,' replied the man, 'that little fellow is so full of the Bible that you can't do anything with him.' So may it be with all boys and girls.—Ex. Do the duties of to-day, and leave the cares of to-morrow till they come, KEEP Y0UR LIPS If you your lips Would keep from slips, Five things observe with care : Of whom you speak. To whom you speak, And how, and when, and where If you your ears Would save from jeers, These things keep meekly hid : Myself and I, And mine and my, And how I do or did. Select. MY LITTLE BED LUCY S. BOWERs Written with, and for the little girls. A long time since in the mossy turf, Where the brooklet babbled by ; Grew a lovely tree from a seed as small, As the pupil of your eye. 'Twas not the oak of the mountain top; For those from acorns grow ; But the emerald boughs of the forest-pine, In the valley just below. Yea the lovely pine, where' the little birds. Attuned their rapturous praise, And a covert found in the dewy night, And from noon-tide's scorching rays. 'Twas from this tree so fine and large, That my bedstead small was made ; On which I rest when the stars shine out. In their silvery light arrayed. It was hewed apart from it's native soil, By the woodman's swinging tool; Of branches shorn, and brought to the mill,' And sawed by the sawyer's rule. Then, grooved and planed by the carpenter It's frame was all complete ; And covered well by the painter's oil, It was handsome strong and neat. A tick well filled with husks, or straw, From the farmer's grain, or corn, Makes soft and warm my nightly lodge, From early eve, till morn Two sheets, as white as the driven snow, Or the blue sky's fleecy cloud,— Are spread all over my little bed, A sweet and cleanly shroud. They came from the land of golJen fruit Where the grand Mississippi flows ; And the Gulf-Stream washes the shining sands And many a beauty growrs. For there on the broad plantation grounds, Where the Negroes toil and sing, Grows the cotton-shrub with it's tassel bloom, And a harvest rich they bring. The blossoms plucked by the tawny hand, Are placed in a large machine, Where the seeds are cast from the downy turf, And makes them white and clean. Then drawn into threads of wond'rous length, By spindles of glittering steel; While the warp, and woof with rattling loom The power of skill reveal. And this is the way my sheets are made, By many a busy hand: And bought with a sum of golden coin, From the vender's trading-stand. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. (To be continued.)