House-hold If you want good starch... If you want good starch, mix it with cold water; add boiling water until it thickens, then add a dessert-spoonful of .sugar and a small piece of butter. This makes a stiff and glossy finish equal to that of the laundry. If tableclothes, napkins and handkerchiefs... If tablecloths, napkins, and handkerchiefs are folded an inch or two beyond the middle they will last much longer; it is on the edges of folds where they first wear, and folding them not on a middle line, each ironing, they get a new crease. Tar may be instantaneously removed from the hand and fingers by rubbing with the outside of fresh lemon or orange peel, and wiping dry immediately after. In grating nutmegs begin at the flower end ; if you commence at the other, there will be a hole all the way through. Old boot-tops lined make excellent ironholders. Canning Vegetables Peas and beans may be prepared for canning by simply cooking them as you would for the table, leaving out the seasoning, and filling the cans quite tup to the top while boiling hot. Have the peas and beans rather young and tender. Add the seasoning when you open the cans to use them. Keep them in a cool, dark place, free from dampness. Corn, to can, should be young and tender, but full grown. Strip off the outside leaves and silk, but leave on the inner leaves—this will keep the sweetness in. Let it boil fifteen minutes. Take it up, cut the kernels through the middle, and then off the cob. Pack your cans as full as you can with the corn, and then take a cob that will fit in the jar without its being broken, and press it into the middle of the corn, and screw the tops on. Have the cans and the corn as hot as possible. Country Gentleman. A good egg will sink in water... A good egg will sink in water. A boiled egg which is done will dry quickly on the shell when taken from the kettle. The boiled eggs which adhere to the shell are fresh laid. Alum dissolved in water will kill bed-bugs if applied where it is most needed. To cean painted wood work To one pint of soap add two table spoonfuls of spirits turpentine; then take two quarts of warm water and one pint of skimmed milk, putting enough of the soap in to make a weak suds; with this wash the wood work. It will cleanse and leave a gloss wherever it is used.—Enfield, Conn. Tough meat may be made quite tender by soaking it in vinegar and water for six or seven hours. Never allow salt meats of any kind to boil hard Never allow salt meats of any kind to boil hard.