FRAGMENTARY THOUGHTS ABRAHAM PERKINS Many different classes and grades of men walk the earth. All are leaving footprints of life and character, stamping creation with marks of elevation or debasement by their example and influence ; thus transmitting both to present and future generations relief or burden, happiness or misery. In the life of every individual, something is continually cropping out which has its effect more or less upou the lives of others. Even as sunshine and rain develop bud, flower and fruit, or as frost seres and dwarfs the tender vine and upon the vegetab!e kingdom brings disease and death, so is the human heart acted upon, and exalted or abased by human example and influence. It is said three powers rule the world : to wit,—intellect, wealth and fame. Even in the church of Christ, to become successful in missionary labors, each power is a necessity. Ignorance Minds and lays waste ; and says Goethe, ¦•Nothing is more terrible than active ignorance.' Wealth, though the love of it may be the root of all evil, is mighty to revolutionize men and nations and accomplish the gr atest reforms in civilization and morality. Latly without sonic of the excellence of fame, suspicion and jealousy are upon the heels of progress to destroy confidence, and thus retard and counteract good, effective operations. With the best use of these powers, they are unavailing in the kingdom of Christ, to bring the baptism and fire of the heavens, unless associated with the spirit of the Messiah and governed by the principles of the angel world. Nothing short of genuine Christianity gives to man perfect control over himself. Devoid of that element, self underlies action and blasts every noble, manly principle of the soul. Hence, unamalgamated religion as taught by Jesus, which combines philosohpy, science and reason, is the only means of resurrection to man, which can be learned or.ly as it meets his understanding logically. Consequently to receive its benefits and enjoy them, we must fully comprehend the nature of the work that gives them, and cheerfully sacrifice ev-ery opposing principle of the heart that is at war with the element of purity as found in the life of Christ. What is that life? It is simply admitting the light of truth to shine upon every act performed, every word uttered and every thought conceived ; honestly living the truth as revealed, heing loyal to our God, true to our fellow men and to the convictions of our own souls ; bearing to the extent of our ability our own burdens, never shirking the cross, evading duty, or crying to heaven for help when power lies at our feet and we can work with our hands to secure it. Honesty, chastity, purity in all things constitute the Christian religion ; without which, no man can see God. Enfield, N. H.