FOODS AND HOW TO USE THEM Wholesome, nutritious foods, those that supply the system most readily with what is required to give it vigor and endurance, are those foods that are cheapest and most generally distributed over the earth. These are 156 SHAKER MANIFESTO. the cereals and other direct products of vegetation. There is as much nutriment in cne pound of beans, wheat or rice, as there is in three pounds of beef, mutton or poultry. There is not a sturdier race of people in the world than the Chilians, nor a race capable of greater phmical endurance. This fact has been again demonstrated in their war with Peru and Bolivia; a war waged against vastly superior numbers and possessing far greater wealth; yet the Chilians conquered them in their own homes, and still hold and govern these countries. The food of that class from which soldiers are made consists almost exclusively of beans and wheat. These are abundant and cheap in Chili, while animal food is comparatively dear and beyond the reach of the common people, who are miserably poor. In the cities and villages of Chili, instead of the peanut stands that obstruct the streets of American towns, you see tubs filled with boiled wheat in water, which is served at one cent for a pint bowlful, and a spoon is furnished to eat it with. Bean soup or beans boiled or baked cost no more, and one cent is the regular«price for two large bread rolls. Three cents there will buy an abundant meal of most wholesome and nutritious food. This seems a very low price ; and many persons will be snrprised to learn that these are about the average prices for such foods in this country. Nearly half the people in the world live almost exclusively on rice. I do not profess to be a vegetarian. I do not believe that it would be entirely safe for a person accustomed all his life to animal food to change his diet at once. Such changes have fre. quently been followed by serious organic diseases, usually of the kidneys. The Chilians, like many other people and tribes, have for ages been accustomed to an almost exclusively vegetable diet, and they are robust and strong. Were the present generation to change to a mixed diet, largely composed of animal food, there can be but little doubt they would suffer by the change, just as the people of this country would suffer by changing to an exclusively vegetable diet. There can be no doubt, however, that a medium course would be most desirable, both in respect to health and economy. The amount of meat consumed, in this land of abundance, is out of all proportion to the consumption of other foods. If people were to inform themselves better in regard to the properties of various foods, and live up to the knowledge acquired, there would be fewer cases of dyspepsia and' kindred diseases. A larger consumption of acid fruits should be encouraged. Among animals there are those that are exclusively carniverous, as the dog and cat; and those that are exclusively herbiverous as the horse. Nature has provided the former with 'canine' teeth with which to tear off and divide flesh so that it may be swallowed; but they have no teeth with which to grind their food; flesh then is their natural food. Horses have 'incisors' to cut off the grass, and 'grinders' with which to masticate grasses and grains. Marl is provided with the three kinds of teeth, 'incisors,' 'canine teeth' and 'grinding teeth.' Nature then plainly indicates that we should live on a variety of foods.—Hall's Journal of Health.