PRAYERFULNESS NANCY G. DANFORTH In considering this subject, we cannot better express our thoughts than by it few quotations. ''He continued all night in prayer to God.' Luke vi. 12. 'We speak of this or that Christian as a man of prayer. Jesus was emphatically so. The spirit was 'poured upon Him without measure,' yet.—He prayed ! lie was incarnate wisdom 'needing not that any should teach Him,' yet, He prayed! How deeply sacred the prayerful memories which hover around the solitude of Olivet, and the shore of Tiberias ! 'He seemed often to turn night into day to redeem moments for prayer, rather than lose the blessed privilege. We are rarely indeed, admitted into the solemnities of his inner life. The vail of night is generally between us and the Great High priest, when He entered the -holiest of all,' but we have enough to reveal the depth and fervor, the tenderness and confidingness of this intercommunion with his heavenly Father,—'He wakeneth morning by morning ; He wakeneth mine ear to hear as the learned.' Beautiful description! A praying Redeemer wakening as at early dawn, the ear of his Father, to get fresh supplies for the duties and trials of the day: All his public acts were consecrated by prayer,—his baptism, his transfiguration, his miracles, his agony and his death. 'How sweet to think in holding communion- with God—Jesus drank of this very brook ! 'Do we complain of languid spirits, of fitful affections, or luke-warm love? May avc not trace much of what we deplore, to an un frequented chamber? The treasures are locked up from us, because we leave the key to rust, the hands hang down, because they have ceased to be lifted up in prayer. 'Without prayer ; It is the pilgrim without a staff—the seaman without a compass—the soldier going unarmed and unharnessed to the battle. Beware of encouraging what indisposes to prayer, going to the audience chamber with soiled garments, the din of the world following us, its distracting thoughts hovering unbidden over our spirits. Can we wonder that the living waters refuse to flow through obstructed channels or the heavenly light to pierce murky vapors—make every event in life a reason for fresh going to Him : If bowed down with anticipated trial fearing to enter the cloud, remember Christ's preparation ; 'Sit ye here while I go and pray yonder!' Let prayer consecrate every thing, our time,'talents, joys, sorrows, losses and our crosses.' Therefore let us pray believing Him who hath said, 'Ask what ye will in my name, and it shall be given you.' We must ask according to his spirit, agreeably to the faith which he has bestowed upon us ; not doubting the power and gift of God. Then may we trustingly expect to be heard and answered. Canterbury, N. H.