Correspondence Clifford, Onto. Apr. 1882 W. [The following Correspondence was selected from some, letters written to Elder John Whiteley, of Shirley Mass, by one of his friends in England.] Clifford, Onto. Apr. 1882 My Dear Friend :—I have been writing letters all day to go by this week's steamer for my friends in England, and as I have had much to say about the Shakers, I send you one for perusal. I have thought it might interest you to know my thoughts of the Shakers as I representthem to my friends. I have not forgotten my promise of a letter to you, but after about nine hours writing I feel disposed to subscribe myself briefly— Yours truly, Extract from a letter to H.—Southpobt, England, by W. W. [Extract from a letter to H.—Southpobt, England, by W.] 'You seem s-urprised that I have gone to the States, although it was my intention from the first to go there, but I did not think that I should have something like a three month's trip through that interesting eountry—one month of this time I spent very profitably and very agreeably amongst that peculiar people, the. Shakers. I was favorably circumstanced for doing this, having met with an old friend from Huddersfield who has been amongst them over thirty years, and who holds an influential position amongst them. In their religion, worship and organization they are strikingly singular, but the more you become acquainted with them, and come to understand them, the better you like them. They lead celibate lives, the sexes associating together as brothers and sisters of one family, and for purposes of discipline and regularity they are divided into separate families so that in one settlement, there may be some three, four or five families, each having their own affairs in their own hands subject to a general governing power. They are liberal in their views, strict in their conduct and discipline, and honest in all they do. 160 SHAKER MANIFESTO. Their homes are the abode of comfort, social happiness and plenty, and their lives are virtuous and self-denying. Industrious and frugal they are quite well off, and living in Community with all their property in common, there is none of that struggling and anxiety for existence that we see in the outward world. All work that are able but not excessively, and they have plenty of time for reading and the cultivation of their intellectual and spiritual natures. Their homes are a Paradise of cleanness surrounded with fields and woods, and orchards and gardens to the extent of thousands of acres. They have sheep and cattle, horses and poultry, fruits and barns and store houses in abundance, and their settlements are located in some of the most beautiful spots in America. There are seventeen of these settlements in the States, and although they number at the present time less than 3,000 members some idea of their possessions may be formed when I tell you that they own over 100,000 acres of land. A large portion of this is devoted to growing timber and more or less mountainous and barren land, but they have hundreds of acres of excellent Peaches, Plums, Cherries, Apples, Pears, Strawberries, Currants and other fruits, with flowers and vegetables that would more than supply Covert Garden Market. Besides this they carry on certain trades such as broom making, chair making,—preserving and drying fruits, growing and preparing herbs with some special preparations of medicines all of which they sell. Their greatest need is an increase of active young men, piously disposed, such as the Young Men's Christian Association in England could supply, and they are prepared to offer good homes, with agreeable occupations to 5,000 of such without money and without price, provided they are prepared to lead useful and pious lives. There is no real difficulty in joining them. The only difficulty is in living useful and godly lives as they do, in self-denying duties and in the cultivation of the Christ life. I can tell you this a young man or a young woman might do much worse than to join the Shakers.' Moldgreen, Huddersfield, Apr. 1882 S. Moldgreen, Huddersfield, Apr. 1882 To my dear Friend W.;—I beg to thank you and Mr. W. for your kindness in sending me the papers and also the Shaker Literature, which I have carefully read, but do not yet fully comprehend; so that I shall probably go over them again in order to fully understand the Shaker System. I think you are fortunate in meeting with Br. W. who will give you some interesting information and also renew old acquaintanceship. My mind has very vividly gone back forty years and recalled the happy hours we spent together as teachers in the Sabbath School, and prayer leaders at the Cottage houses. I confess I do not fully comprehend the Shaker System, but I presume that they mainly hold the same faith in Jesus as we do, but they differ in their mode of worship and discipline or government. I send you a paper along with this letter, and I wish you to give my very kind thanks to my friend W. and say that if ever it should be my happiness to cross the Atlantic I should esteem it a pleasure to call at Shirley and see him, as whatever peculiarities attach to Shakerism, all agree that they are extremely hospitable, and if he should ever again visit the land of his birth and the scenes of his youth, I should be glad to entertain him at my house during his stay here. Accept my very kind regards.—S. Clifford, Onto. May, 1882 W. Clifford, Onto. May, 1882 My Dear Friend ;—You wish me to give my impressions of Mt. Lebanon * * * * * It more than confirmed my previously surprised impressions of your organization. Nothing but a religious fervor of the most intense character could have accomplished what has been accomplished by Ann Lee and her followers. Whether the altered circumstances of the world, will still favor a further development on the same lines of demarcation, may I think be doubted, but under any circumstance there are the facts of what has already been accomplished. The teachings, the organization, the wealth and acquired prosperity of your church must in the long run have an important influence upon the world, but in what peculiar direction I am not prepared to say. Elder E. thinks the time has come when you should make yourselves better known in England, than you have hith- SHAKER MANIFESTO. 161 erto done, and perhaps this may be the next development. Nothing now exists in the laws of the old Country to prevent this being done and, without let or hindrance, you may then propagate your doctrines and establish your Communities as freely as you do in America, and thus return to the country the enlightenment from which you first received it. To send out your missionaries and retain your head quarters in the States would be, simply to act upon the lines of other churches and might possibly lead to an important increase of your members. Under the care of a German, at L. I saw some 500 or COO sheep with three or four hundred lambs, and this shepherd had been thus employed for many years, although not a member of your order. The same thing might be done at Shirley. Instead of fifty sheep, why not have five hundred and all these of good and profitable breeds? * * * By the end of this month 1 hope to go to Thunder Bay to see G. and then it will be time to think of returning home. I have little news. My health is about the same. With kind regards to all the friends at Shirley and fully reciprocating all good wishes, Believe me yours very truly,—