EARLY IMPRESSIONS MARTHA A. BURGER ''As the twig is bent, the tree inclines.' This is an axiom that should be borne in mind by those who are the guardians and instructors of children and youth. True principles may be so simplified and brought down to the comprehension of children at an early age as to form a basis of future action, and to help mold their characters for noble and useful lives. Speaking and acting the truth in all places and at all times, should be constantly kept before the minds of children and youth ; and they should be taught it is far more noble to acknowledge a fault, either great or small—than to seek to conceal it; and that by so doing, they will form a bond of love and confidence between themselves and their guardians that will not be easily broken. Also the necessity of yielding obedience to elders and teachers, and those who watch over their welfare, and to pay deference to superiors of larger experience than they, should be one of the first lessons taught. As a general rule, we find that children at the present time are precocious, and stiff-willed ; that at an early age they ^incline to be haughty, and independent of the counsel of those who are older, and should be wiser ; but whose example, we regret to say, is many times far from being worthy to be copied. Parents need moralizing ; and to feel the necessity of regarding natural laws SHAKER MANIFESTO. 177 on the procreative plane of life, that children may have a better start, and be better born ; and not be conceived in sin of the most sensual kind—as. many are, and cradled in iniquity by partaking diseased food from diseased parents. If children were brought into existence properly, under right influences and right impressions were stamped upon their minds while they were young and tender, we would have better children, better men and women, and a better condition of society. As it is now, tens of thousands are stranded on the shores of the great ocean of time, like strangers in some foreign land, without home and friends, and are left to be lashed by the wild waves of passion, or to be guided by fate's strong decree, and take their chance for weal or for woe. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.