House-hold To Prepare Straw for making Bonnets and other Articles E. A. S. The time for gathering the straw is when the grain commences to ripen or turn yellow. Gather in the field, the grain standing; as the best straws, those freest from mildew, can be more easily selected. Cut just above the upper joint on the stalk for bonnets, the next two are shorter and may be used for table mats and small fancy articles. It is preferable to gather the straw a little too young, than too old. Have ready, water boiling hot in which to scald the straw. When scalded sufficiently, the joints will make a snapping sound. The next process is to whiten it in the sun ; three days are usually a sufficient length of time. Do not leave it out over night after the first. Unsheathe it the second day. Bleach it in the same manner that woolens are bleached, repeating- the burning of the brimstone two or three times. Rye and oats produce the best straw of any f the grains. Rye straw is the strongest; at straw the whitest. Brimstone causes steel to rust; palm-leaf nd straw being bleached with this, should not be cut with scissors or knives that are good, as it ruins them. It is a good idea to varnish wire that is used in making bonnets, to prevent rusting. E A.S. Canterbury, N. H. Value of Borax. Value of Borax. It is better than soap in cleansing the hands ; and it softens the skin. For washing the hair, cleansing brushes and combs, in extracting dirt from clothes without rubbing, in driving away ants and roaches, it is the housekeeper's friend. Ex. Filling for Woodwork. Two thirds bolted whiting, one third plaster paris, mixed with one fourth boiled linseed oil, one fourth colorless japan, two fourths turpentine.—Enfield, Ct. Shaker Brown Bread. Mix together 2 qts. Indian meal, 1 qt. rye meal, and 1 pt. canaille (coarse flour.) Take 1 pt. of this mixed meal, add water and scald it thoroughly, and when cool, add a teaspoonful of stock yeast and let stand to rise. To the remainder of the meal, add 3 qts. sweet milk, scalding hot. Mix thoroughly with pudding stick, and when cooled to lukewarm, add the yeasted portion. Put in the oven immediately, and bake with a steady heat for seven or eight hours. Glycerine for Burns. Glycerine for Burns. Glycerine as an application to burns is recommended by a writer. Through the explosion of a spirit lamp the greater part of his face had been covered with rather deep burns, which healed in a week by the immediate and oft-repeated application of glycerine, without producing blisters or festering, or leaving any scar. Ex. To Keep Lemons. To Keep Lemons. Take good lemons, put them into an earthen vessel and pour on new butter-milk, covering well; set in a cool place, changing the buttermilk occasionally. We have found this a very excellent way for keeping them fresh. Ex. Tomato Catchup. Tomato Catchup. Cut tomatoes in pieces, and between every layer sprinkle a thin layer of salt; let them stand a few hours, then add a little horseradish, garlic, pepper, and mace. Boil well and strain; then bottle, cork, and seal for use. Ex. When any person gets a piece or pieces of glass in the foot... When any person gets a piece or pieces of glass in the foot, hand or any part of the flesh, extract it at once by excision; then hold the part in water as warm as can be borne, five or six days, night and day consecutively. This will so far soften all the muscular fibres that they will easily part with every atom of the glass, and all the virus also, leaving the wound perfectly clean and healthy.— Union Village, Ohio. Value of Ammonia. Value of Ammonia—Ammonia will remove finger-marks from paint, where there would otherwise have to be a good deal of scrubbing with soap, which takes the paint off too. Ammonia is useful to wash all the brushes that are used in a household Nothing will cleanse greasy sinks, pans, or scrubbing-brushes so well. A tea-spoonful in aba* sin of water will make hair-brushes beautifully white. Take care not to let the back of brushes dip below the surface—rinse them with clear, warm water, and put them in a sunny window to dry. A small bottle of ammonia is also useful for the wardrobe. Wet a little sponge with it, and you can take out most any spot. Ex.