BEAUTY CALVIN G. REED Beauty is the reflex of the inner Life. Within the rough, unsightly stone, the Sculptor's penetrating, cultured eye, views All the graceful figure of the noble Statue, and witli careful, patient strokes on Skillfully directed chisel, forms for The admiring world, the Beau-ideal Of his mental, beautiful conception. The artist, sketches on his sensitive, Receptive canvass, bright creations which Adorn the decorated chambers of His roseate, illuminated soul; And fascinated throngs, admire the grace And imagery, displayed by beauteous Art. The skilled musician, sweeps with magic hand The cords of harp or violin, or tunes The soul with touching melody, and strains Of richest music, ears enchanted greet, Enraptured hearts with deep emotions swell, And every sense of all our being thrill. We breathe ecstatic air! We feel the soul Of beauties sweet, controlling power, emersed In holy inspiration and delight. The poet tunes his lyre, and measures move In harmony with finest shades of thought, Ard marshalled metaphors and figures, wake The world of loving symphonies, arrayed In all the beauties of celestial life. All glorious is the universal plan ! Here symmetry and beauty wisely blend. But what of grace, hath rich and gaudy flowers? What beauty hath the vernal landscape's robe Of green, bedecked with blooming trees and plants, And purling streams meandering thro' the meads, And crystal lake, upon whose glassy face, Is mirrored all the grandeur of the earth And sky, within its clear and pure confines? What charms have the arborean slopes ; the Graceful, undulating hills' embowered Dells ; rich fertile fields ; grand lofty mountains, With their vast, umbrageous forests crowned; Or pleasant groves, the balmy zephyrs kiss,— That, with adoring grace, bow their proud heads, And with extended, waving arms, slim, Emerald, silken fingers play aeolian harps, While tuneful songsters, warble joyful praise And hallelujahs mid their sylvan bowers? What beauty hath the canopy of heaven, With twinkling stars and brilliant orbs adorned, 170 SHAKER MANIFESTO. That nightly smile, with mellow light, upon Us from their spacious dwelling place on high? What beauty, charm, or symmetry, havethese For those, whose inner life feels r.ot the thrill Of the inspiring tints and tones, displayed In the grand realm of Beauty's ceaseless Spring? The melancholy, superstitious soul, Enshrouded in thick mists of ignorance, Views Earth and her environments, with all The multitudes that feed upon her life, In deep disorder and confusion sunk. Beholds the Great Creator, angry with his Intermeddling children, who in their Fancied bliss, by Curiosity led on, Pried open Queen Pandora's box of Private treasures, when out sprang all Earth's woes, With our afflicting sins and ills, and all The black, portentious forms of chilling death ! Sees all the mighty depths of space, alive With specters and commissioned spirits, sent To visit earth and erring sinful man, With plagues and retributive chastenings, For broken laws and unrepentant heart. The cloudless skies, and ambient stilly air, Are but precursors of impending storms. The lonely Indian, simple soul, could see No beauty in the sweet Magnolia's ricli And fragrant bloom, nor in the splendor of The golden sunset sky, inlaid with lines Of silver, and the rainbow's matchless hues, To him, creation was a joyless waste, The cheerful sun, lent him no cheering ray, His springs of pleasure all had ceased to flow, And all the fountains of his hopes were dry. E'en life was but a gilded mockery ! His kindred slept in silent graves, within The cold damp earth, or bleaching lay, stretched on The sanguinary fields of strife. Nought left To charm him to the love of mundane life. What multitudes seek only glittering joys ! Chase phantoms that elude the eager grasp, Which, while they lure, spread disappointment's thorns Along the pathway of their votaries, To pierce the wayward feet and grasping hands, And sting with bitterness the heart's bright hopes, Because they seek through Alchemy for gold, Instead of veins, where, hidden, lies the rich, Productive ore that pays the miner's toil. God fills the world with beauty ! Radiant rays Of light, imprint his living glories on His noble works. On man, He sheds the powers Of His Great Soul, mid happy tho'ts to dwell, In pleasant paths of halcyon peace to tread, To be unto himself the treasurer Of the refulgent brightness of His love. Then why not choose the beautiful! Why not, With faculties of mind, of soul, attuned To all the grand sublimities of life, Have every heart pulse beat with Wisdom's Laws, Unfolding in us beatific grace, True goodness, and eternal love divine. When the deep fountains of the soul, well up With jetting spraj's of liquid blissfulness, And all is brilliancy and joy within, The bloom and fruitage of our daily lives, Then will the whole creation, smiling, shed The lustre of its beauteous spirit On our pure, receptive minds, in halos Of inspiring power, and symphonies Refulgent with the glory of the Blest. Then will the buds, the leaves, the opening flowers, Meet kindly welcome in our loving hearts, And open volumes of philosophy, And heaven born truths for our improvement given. How marvelous are all thy works ! Supreme Omniscient Architect of worlds unnumbered, Swarming with their myriad hosts of living Ranks, in just gradation ranged, from man To brute, from brute to insect tribes, and thence To floral fields, of diverse kinds, instinct With life and beauty. Th' workmanship, divine! Eternal Father, Great Preserver, Guide, And kind Protector of the soul immortal, Undying spark of thy Eternal Brightness, Formed to shine Mrith heavenly light, and dwell mid Glories of bright spheres, delectable and pure, Thou art the soul and source of harmony. Thy beauties blend most gracefully to full Perfection brought, Thou fillest every heart, SHAKER MANIFESTO. 171 With constant cheerfulness and lasting peace, Who make the inner life all beautiful Thro' education and celestial grace. Such see the beautiful in everything; And feel that happy angels, on their snow White pinions, bear them blessings from the spheres Of purest joys aud lasting happiness. Give, then, the mind to understanding! Rule The soul by inspirations found alone In Wisdom's model school,—The Beautiful. All wise Creator of the realms of Light, Whose every thought is full of blooming grace, Whose breath is fragrant with supreme delight, Whose works, unnumbered, full of harmony, The effluence of eternal, sacred truth;— Let me, now, offer at thy hallowed shrine, Sweet incense of adoring gratitude ; And worship, with unfolded, graceful soul, The God of Beauty, who created all. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.