LINES READ AT THE FUNERAL OF 0RVILLE DYER ASENATH RUSSELL A sheaf well ripened now is gathered home, Into the heavenly garners of our God ; We dare not say, the Reaper came too soon, Our loss we know, is his eternal good. For while we sorrow at the stern decree, We realize this change is sure to all; And that there comes a day when earthly things, Each one must leave, and heed the Angel's call. Our brother's life, 'well spent in all its years, Worn out with care^ serenely passed away ; Surely for such, death has no gloomy fears, They find their treasure rich in endless day. That sweet contentment only known to those, Who've been resigned the yoke of Christ to wear. , This was his strife, from dawn of day till close. Though oft times heavy burdens were his share. To the convictions of his early days, Thro' every phase of life he has been true; O ! be to those kind guardians, glory, praise, Who lent a hand, to help him safely thro'. The conflict o'er, life's battle bravely fought, He now receives the laurels he has won, And hears the benedictions of our Lord, Well done beloved, to thy mansion come. Time, strength, and talent, unto God he gave, When life was all before him fresh and fair; Though others faltered, he was true and brave, Courage his watchword. Still to do and dare. With trust unflinching in that arm of power, Whose love encompasses both sea and land, He was enabled in the darkest hour The powers of evil firmly to withstand. A faithful Servant in the 'House of God,' A Father kind and true has ever been, Who chose to walk the path that Jesus trod, Renouncing self, the higher life to win. Long will his memory live within our hearts, As we go forth to duty, day by day, Nor from his precepts would we e'er depart, However stern the conflict by the way. An active worker never found at ease, Filling his life with consecrated toil; With doubts nor fears he made no compromise, Whatever station he was called to fill, For many years a 'Shepherd of the flock,' Devoting all the powers of his soul, To plant their feet upon the solid rock, Which will endure when ages cease to roll. Not only those within our Zion home, Can testify to his parental care; But many whom we fain would call our own In his aflection have a loving share. A tower of strength, and blessing to the young, The anguish of his spirit who can tell, When those tor whom he toiled and suffered long, In hours of trial by the wayside fell. His bright example evermore shall be A light in darkness, on our homeward way; And tho' no more his earthly form we see, We ask his blessing for us here today. Dear Father, may we feel that thou art near, To bless and strengthen every striving soul, E'en as a guardian angel wilt thou be, When earthly wisdom would our thoughts control. Ah! we shall miss thee, in the walks of life, And miss thee, when we meet for prayer, and praise; For thou was't ever constant in the strife, Of doing good in kindly, loving ways. And though the voice which vre've so often heard, Speak words of cheer, is silenced now in death, We'll strive to follow Christ, the Living Word, Like thee be true, unto the latent breath. We know kind heaven hath reserved for thee, In realms of bliss, thy crown,—Eternal Life ! That 'over there' thrice welcome thou wilt be, To meet this treasure, gained thro' earthly strife. 0 blest abode ! The port of heavenly rest, Where troubles vanish, and where joys increase; No longer by the cares of earth oppressed, Lie still, brave heart, safe in the arms of peace. Enfield, N. H.