My Dear Young Friend;—Your letter of the 20th, inst is... Shaker Village, June, 1882 My Dear Young Friend;—Your letter of the 20th, inst is received. You ask if we desire you to come and live with us. We do not desire you to live with us unless you consider it to he for your best interest to do so. To be frank with you—we are not particularly pleased with your letter, nor with your aast trifling. If you really wish to live a pure and noble ife, and have the ability to steady yourself down to business habits, we are still willing ;o give you a fair trial upon the conditions named in our past correspondence. You can visit us, and after becoming acquainted, nake your own decision. You must divest yourself of the erroneous dea that we are so anxious for your presence hat our customs will be modified to suit your ^articular taste. Nor can you be too nice about your employment, as we all work for a iving, and whoever is too good to work is unsuited for our Society. We do not object o your violin if it does not interfere with duies assigned you,—but as mere teacher of he Violin we have no use for you. You will find us to be really kind friends, and it shall je our pleasure to use every reasonable effort ,o make your home with us agreeable and lappy; but you will find very little sentimenstudies. Their success in compositioi was highly commended considering the age of the pupils. The S.S.Committee reported it a model school for promptnes in reciting their lessons, and responding to the requirements of the teacher. Something may be said of the Schoo building which is one of the best ii town, built in 1879. Two years previous, the town abolished the old Schoo District System, purchased of the Districts all the school houses and schoo property, and gave the entire control o' the schools into the hands of the S. Schoo Committee or Supervisors, and in a very liberal manner commenced repairs oi School Houses or built new ones. Ours is well adapted to the purpose, well ventilated by the most approved method and furnished with adjustable single desks, Black-boards, Maps, etc. SHAKER MANIFESTO. 187 tal nonsense here, and we shall not hesitate to tell you just what we think. Your employment, this Summer, will most probably be some light out of door work, perhaps gardening. As ours is a family relation on a liberal plan in which every member is interested to do whatever he can be most useful in for the time being, our occupation is necessarily varied, and none of us can tell what our employment may be a month or a year hence. If you are sincerely in earnest, and have a definite idea of what you want, you had better come and see us. Considerately discuss this matter with yourself, and visit us or decisively reply at once, as we wish no more trifling. Your friend, N. A. Briggs