GOD'S AGENTS ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE God works through human, and superhuman agencies to perfect His plans, and accomplish His work. Mediums, or ruling spirits from age to age, have been employed to roll forward the wheels of progress, and prepare the race for higher, and still higher planes of thought, and action. Thus we reason, and decide, according to the evidence produced to our minds. We read that 'God is Love' that 'He is'Light.' We judge that no one who believes that God is, will question the premises, that He is the Author and Giver of all that is good, true and just. But the mode and manner of administration to sentient beings, has been a subject of debate ; whether by direct communication with mortals, or through one Mediator Christ Jesus, or through many Mediators, who are appointed agencies to watch over and^ guard the welfare and protect the interest of all who are in rapport with them. There have been marked periods of time, doAvn through the rolling ages, when the spirit of war, hatred and revenge, ruled in the hearts, and controlled the actions of the children of men, and caused them to devour one another, in so much, that thousands upon thousands have fallen in battle in a short period of time. Could we open our eyes upon the vast multitudes of beings who are now dwellers in spirit spheres, who have been slain in battle, tortured upon the rack, consumed by wild beasts, and perished by faggots and flames ; what would be o'-ir sensations? Let us pass that by ! The claim that the Lord not only sanctioned their cause, but commanded them thus to do, and even went with them and took an active part, and helped them fight their battles, we cannot admit. If any God was with them, it was not the good God whom we address, in a dual capacity, as the God of Love ! The god, or gods of the warring Israelites, must have been on the same plane, and in rapport with the kings of that ancient people, whose vengeance through ambition, and love of rule, could be easily stirred, and were so blood thirsty that themselves and the steeds which they rode 'smelled the battle afar off.' They believed in war, it was the god of that age and dispensation. How far a large majority at the present time is removed from those conditions, they who are able, and clear sighted must decide. We claim to live in an age of civilization, of free thought and Christian culture ; but in the recent conflict between the North and South, the professed followers of thelowy Prince of Peace, had an^ opportunity 172 SHAKER MANIFESTO. to show their faith by their words, and works. How did they do it? The priests stood in their pulpits, and with uplifted hands before assembled multitudes, prayed that God would confound their opponents, and give them the victory over those whom they called their enemies, although, in a large degree, they were professedly their Christian brethren, who had frequently met with them in what they called 'holy communion' at the Lord's table. We are free to say, that we do not admit that the projectors, nor the participators in that war, were influenced by the God of Love, as manifest through the Christ spirit, sent from the high heavens on a mission of peace to this sin darkened earth. If any god was in it, it was the god who rules over the affairs of men on the generative plane of life, where war, marriage and private property bear sway ; but can have no abiding place in Christ's kingdom on the resurrection plane. If those elements, or principles, seek to find entrance there, He will make his angels ministers of spiritual fire that will burn as an oven, until it consumes them, as a flame devours the stubble. But those who stand steadfast in all that is true and good, will feel that 'Christ has risen with healing in his wings ;' and will be comforted as a loving mother would embrace, caress, and comfort a good obedient child. As we trace the history of the past, let us read, understand, and learn wisdom. The spirit of anti-christhas been, is and will be in the future, opposed to the true Christ. In the first Christian era, even before Jesus, the first prepared medium received the holy unction, the heavenly baptism which clothed him with spiritual power to inaugurate a new dispensation, and lay the foundation of a spiritual edifice, anti-christ began to work against; and mediums inspired by Jewish law givers, and law worshipers in the spirit world, instituted a system of espionage and persecution; and sought to destroy the life of the child, who was to wax strong, and bring forth a system of New ideas, and teach a higher law than 'an eye for an eye' as Moses had done. His, was the law of Love, not of revenge and retaliation ! 'Love your enemies ; bless and curse not.' After he was imbued with the Christ spirit from the interior heavens, so strong and powerful was the love of the Father that dwelt in him, and pervaded his whole being, that the whole power and combined influence of the priesthood could not overcome nor prevail against him, until he had performed his mission, and finished the work his Father had given him to do. He transmitted his powei to his disciples, and the Jews killed his physical body ; but his testimony did not die ! The spirit of persecution followed his disciples; and the strong adherents of the law, not even its most learned devotees could prevail against the testimony of the new Law-giver. The strong spirited Paul fell prostrate before the power that attended the ministry of the new dispensation, convicted him of his persecuting spirit, and converted him to the Christian faith. The principles upon which the Father Church was founded eighteen centuries ago through the medium of the Son-ship, are as true today as they were then. A virgin life ; Non-resistance and Community of temporal interest, formed the basis of that noble structure. The history of the first Christian Church, although SHAKEK MANIFESTO. 173 it has passed through many revisions, and by change may have been weakened, yet is filled with useful lessons, in many respects is our teacher and corrector today. How came that glorious church to decline and lose its spiritual power ? Internal division opened the door for the entrance of the war spirit through Constantine, a man of blood, who found his way into the temple of God, dethroned the real Christ, usurped the power, and conquered by the sword. What followed in succeeding ages, they who run may read ! What spirit threatens to destroy the foundations of the second Christian Church of today ? It is the sensual spirit; it has an oily tongue and already stands at our doors knocking, and singing the siren song ! Let Zion's sons and daughters awake from their lethargy and take warning! Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.