NOTES It is really refreshing to learn that even in this worldly-wise-christian age, a body of moral teachers have arisen who can kindly and fearlessly publish God's laws in regard to the body. There lias been no end to the sermonizing about the soul; to the advancement of a speculative theology which has resulted in analmost entire neglect of that sacred duty which takes cognizance of the physical life. The Mosaic code, notwithstanding the mistakes of the author, taught men that God cared for the body, for its food, its clothing, aud for the rules of chastity by which it should be governed. An infliction of severe penalties followed every deviation from the letter of this law. It seems unfortunate that siich excellent, God given regulations should not have been more abiding but on the introduction of asceticism among the early Christians they very singularly held that the body was the great obstacle in the way of spiritual progress. It must be starved into subjection, flaggellated as a mortification for its sins, and then subjected to all the uncleanness of their surroundings. This slight estimation of the body still clings more or less tenaciously, in its varied degrees, to the Christian as well as unchristian races. A. great many benevolent societies have been formed, with able and earnest workers, looking to the care and protection of the feeble and fallen, but a society for the advancement of a moral education which calls in question the deflections of adults as well as of children, is one of the new things under the sun. To become better acquainted with this interesting subject, consult the pages of 'The Alpha,' Edited by Dr. Caroline B. Winslow, Washington, D.C. We shall watch with interest every phase of progress in this new order, believing that the spirit of God will abundantly reward them in all their labors. At Mount Lebanon we observed that the pupils used for readers, some papers that were published in the interest of the schools. We thought it to be an excellent plan as it serves to awaken an enquiry on subjects that are fresh, and to create an intelligence that the old system A.:E&gt; VE! lEtT I S:E5 3EVS - SHAKER MANIFESTO. 185 has failed to do. A knowledge of the general affairs of life, as pertaining to the house, or farm or workshop is far more preferable than a class of old stories, even though they may be bound in a large and expensive book. Alfred, Me. From the Annual report of the Sup. Sch. Com. of the town of Alfred Me., for the year ending March 1882, we take the following:— District No. 6. John B. Vance, Agent. The closing examination of the winter term of '81 which took place after the annual report of last year was made, maintained the excellent reputation of this school. The recitation of the younger scholars in the multiplication table was remarkably good, and some matters of oral instruction were highly creditable. We wish all our schools could reach the high rank taken by this in mental arithmetic. The class in history made sound and commendable progress and we are glad that this useful branch has now its place as a fixed study for this school. Summer Term.—Fannie C. Casey,— Teacher. Commenced May '61, closed July 8. Length of school, 6 weeks, five days. Whole number of scholars, 14. Average attendance, 14. Wages of teacher, including board, $4.50. Though the term taught by Fannie Casey was short, we are only doing justice to the school a:~d teacher in giving it a very favorable report. The reading was very good, the Arithmetic both written and mental, was remarkably well done, and the examination in Geography was thorough and admirably sustained,—comparing the number of questions well answered with the whole number asked, this was one of the smoothest and most successful examinations of the year. The modest teacher certainly has made a good beginning in the school room work. Winter Term,—John B. Vance, teacher. Commenced Nov. 15, 1881, closed Feb. 17, 1882. Length of school 13 weeks. Number of scholars, 20. Average, 20. Wages of teacher, including board, $42.00 per, month. This term was taught by the same teacher as the winter previous, and with like success. West Gloucester, Me. Report of School in District No. 9, for the year ending March 1, 1882. Summer Term taughtJbyAda S. Cummings. Number of weeks 12. Number of pupils 15. Average attendance 14. Wages of teacher per week exclusive of board $5.00. Average cost of pupils per term, $4.28. The School was reported a success in every point of view. Winter Term. taught by Ada S. Cummings. Number of weeks 14. Number of pupils 17. Average attendance 16. Wages per week exclusive of board $4.00. Average cost of pupil per term, $5.25. This School was uncommonly successful. The ability of the Teacher was manifest in the good order maintained. The evident love of her work and desire to benefit the children, who were apt in learning and made good progress in their School in District No. 12 in Poland was taught by Sophia F. Mace. Length of School in both Summer and Winter terms 20 weeks. Number of pupils 7 in constant attendance. The S.S.Committee say, 'as is the Teacher so is the School.' Of the ability and qualification of the teacher it is only necessary to say that she has taught nearly forty terms and in places where she has lived, has been the Principal in High Schools where there were sixty pupils, and always with eminent success. District No. 12 is legally annexed to District No. 9 in New Gloucester, but the distance is so great for small pupils to travel, it is deemed judicious, to have an extra school. Otis Sawyer, Agent.