A DIALOGUE Between a Shaker and a Clergyman JAMES S. PRESCOTT (Continued fkom last number.) C. What! Having begun in the spirit dt you expect to be made perfect by the flesh? Do you count the blood of the covenant wherewith Jesus was sanctified an unholj thing? 0 ! may God have mercy on you, and save you from your awful delusion. What! Have you discarded the righteousness of Jesus Christ as the ground of your hope for justification before God? And do you expect to obtain heaven on the ground of your own righteousness? May God have mercy on you. and pluck you as a brand from the eternal burning. Is it then in vain that God has declared that He, Jesus, who knew no sin was made sin, or a sin offering for us, that we might be made the righteousness of God in him? If our sins are not reckoned to the account of Jesus, and if his righteousness is not reckoned to our account, to us there is no hope, but the blackness of darkness forever. S. In relation to imputed righteousness, I was led to believe that it would not be a safe foundation for me to stand upon, when I saw so much positive testimony in the scriptures of truth to the contrary, showing that a man must become righteous himself, personally, by doing right. Christ taught his disciples that they must have an exceeding righteousness of their own, by a daily cross, by following his example, and living his life. See Matt, v : 10, 20, 'For I say unto you except your righteousness shall exceed etc.' If a dependence on the righteousness of Christ was sufficient for salvation, why did he not tell his disciples? John testified thus, 'Little children, let no man deceive you, he that doeth righteousness, is righteous, even as he is righteous.' I John ii: 29, and iii: 7. If the single testimony of John be true, what more do we need, than to become righteous, as Christ is righteous, by doing right as he did? What need is there for imputation? And what must be the situation of those who profess the Christian name, and live in sin? 'He that comrnitteth sin is of the devil.' I John iii: 7, 8, 9. But time would fail to quote all the testimony in favor of a righteous life, and being saved by the cross of Jesus. C Read, dear brother, the epistle to the Galatians if indeed you have not discarded the precious, holy Bible. Read, I entreat of you the Holy Bible, search the New Testament, and pray much to your injured but merciful Redeemer, and may God give you a spiritual imderstanding of his truth.—Come and see me again soon. S- It was by reading and prayer to God that made me a Shaker. In answer to my prayers I have received that peace which heretofore I was a stranger, and did not know that it was on the earth until I found it for myself, and in obeying the light and truth of God as fast as it was made manifest to me, I have found peace and happiness. On reading the Testimony of Christ's Second Appearing, I found it so full of the precious holy Bible, and ecclesiastical history, that I could not possibly, discard one without discarding the other, they were indissolubly connected. Both were designed to make us wise unto salvation. • Before closing this discussion allow me to say, that 'marrying and giving in marriage' was one of the charges brought against the ante-diluvians—not so much against marriage, as it was the unbounded licentiousness cloaked under it. And as it was in the days of Noah, so it is now in this day. Crimes are increasing all over the world. It is said on good authority that houses of ill fame in all our large cities, are supported largely by the married, some of whom are clergymen, of the orthodox persuasion, church members, not a few, members of our Legislature, Lawyers, Judges, members of Congress, and other high officials, too numerous to mention. If this be true, is it any wonder that 'caamities,' of which we have been fore-warned, are increasing, and growing more serious every year? When the Judgments of God are abroad in the earth, will men learn righteousness?' Will they learn to do right? If udgments begin at the house of God, what will be the end of those who obey not the gosjel of Christ's second coming? 176 SHAKER MANIFESTO. C. Having laid your views before the Church, and they consider them contrary to sound doctrine, and under a sense of their duty to God, and covenant obligations, have with drawn from you the hand of fellowship. Done by order and in behalf of the Church. A. D. Clerk. North Union, Ohio.