HANNAH GOODRICH BY HENRY C. BLINN (Continued from last number.) She was also eminently endowed with great spiritual discernment and at the same time gifted in the spirit of prophecy. During the first years of Mother Hannah's ministry, she was quite able to bear the fatigue of the long and severe journeys to New Lebanon, as well as to the other societies, but as these journeys were generally made in the saddle, she discontinued them as soon as carriages were introduced, and the roads made suitable for travel.* *The saddle which Mother Hannah Goodrich used on her first journey from Hancock to Canterbury is still preserved at the last named place. It formerly belonged to MothMother Hannah Goodrich was also a woman of excellent executive abilities, and her general management of the affairs of the Societies, at Canterbury and Enfield, met with universal favor and approval. During the twenty eight years of her administration, she very carefully and conscientiously followed the instructions of the Ministry of New Lebanon and taught her people, that in order to insure prosperity and the blessing of God to his people, they must never lose sight of their religious obligations. At the early date of which we are writing, it was considered quite an attainment to be able to present an article of manufacture that would reflect an honor upon the makers. The Believers at New Lebanon stood first in this as well as in many other things, and Mother Hannah took pleasure in the cultivation of so worthy an object. While on her visits to New Lebanon, she would obtain some article to take home as a model of religious care as exercised by the Brethren and Sisters of the Parent Society. In the journal of the Church of Canterbury, it says,—'We often received specimens of the various kinds of manufacture as samples, made in the most substantial and perfect manner, such as leather, seives, clothing, boots and shoes, pails, small oval boxes, hoes, nails and other articles.' 'The Trustees were not permitted to sell any article whatever, at any price, unless it was free from blemish. We er Lucy Wright, who presented it to Mother Hannah. The acceptance of the gilt was under a very severe cross as it separated Hannah from all her former friends as well as her gospel relation with whom she had so long and so earnestly prayed and suffered for the truths's sake. 174 SHAKER MANIFESTO. were to be an example of righteousness in all our temporal management and workmanship.' At the time of Mother Hannah's initiation into the order of the Ministry, in 1792, it was found necessary to establish an equality of government for the sexes, that the sisters should have the same rights and privileges in things pertaining to the temporal and spiritual economy of the order as was vested in the Brethren. Father Job Bishop and Elder Edmund Lougee of New Lebanon N. Y. had already been appointed to the office of Ministers, and were engaged in the establishment of the Societies of Canterbury and Enfield in N. PL On the arrival of Mother Hannah Goodrich and Eldress Anna Burdick of Hancock, Mass, the leading authority was perfected. Under the direction of this order, and by the union of the adult members, all of the offices in the Society were established, and the management of the departments was conducted by their respective directors. In the early part of the year of 1819 Mother Hannah was prostrated by severe sickness, while at the (Society in Enfield. She was obliged to remain in that place some five months, from Feb. 10th to July 13th. During this protracted term of ill health she was kindly and tenderly cared for by Sister Esther Ferrin who was, at that time, an associate with Mother Hannah. The Brethren made their regular trips to the Societies, during this time, although unaccompanied by any sisters. On the 13th of July Mother Hannah returned to Canterbury, accompanied by two sisters and Br. Benjamin Warren, the physician of the Society at Enfield. From this severe prostration Mother Hannah never recovered sufficiently to be able to attend to her official duties. Her decease occurred on the 9th of Feb. 1820, to the great sorrow of all her Brethren and Sisters in the Societies of Canterbury and Enfield. Her age was 56 years, 9mo. and 13 days. Canterbury, N. H.