ELIJAH WILDS [We publish the following auto-biographic sketch, at the suggestion of Elder John Whiteley.] I was born in the year 1746 at Groton, in Massachusetts. My parents were very careful to instill the principles of morality into the minds of their children, and took much pains, according to the light they had, to show us our state by nature, and the necessity of being regenerated and born of God, in order to obtain the Kingdom of Heaven. These instructions made a serious impression upon my mind, in early youth, and increased as I advanced in years. I was taught to search the scriptures, and became well acquainted with the written word, but was ignorant of the spirit by which it was dictated. Having an anxiety about a future state, and desinng to find some way of salvation, I went from place to place to hear preachers of different denominations, but found none who could administer relief to my soul. This anxiety of mind continued, till I was twenty one years of age. At this time I purchased a farm in the town of Shirley, and was much prospered in my efforts to improve it. My mind continued anxious to find the way of God, and so intense was my thought of God's work in the days of the apostles, that I often wept, hoping and praying that I might live to see the glorious day of Christ's Second Coming. Improvements were made upon my farm, and buildings were erected for the accommodation of my family, which was now increased by the addition of four children. In the summer of 1781 I heard of a new sect of people who were at the Square House, so called, in Harvard. I went to see them, and they taught that the gospel of Christ required us to confess and forsake all sin, and to bear a daily cross. They testified that in order to obtain salvation from sin, God required the self-denial of every impure act, word and thought. They also testified that Christ had commenced his second appearance, without sin, u. to salvation, to all who were willing to believe and obey. And truly, salvation was the object of my desires. The power of their testimony, and the spirit of godliness, which I felt from them convinced me that Mother Ann was a person sent to administer eternal life, to the children of this world. On my second visit they presented a farther degree of light, to my mind, than before. The trumpet gave a certain sound, and I felt it my duty to prepare for battle. They said, we must .overcome sin before we could sit down with the Lamb of God in the Kingdom of Heaven. That we must overcome, even as Jesus overcame. The evidences of the testimony, and the manifestations of the power of God, were so powerful and convincing, that I could not resist them. I therefore confessed my sins, to God, in the presence of his witnesses and found that assurance and releasement which I had never found before. They taught me the necessity of righting all my wrongs, by making restitution where I had done injury to any one, and of living a pure and holy life. They also taught me that the only repentance that was acceptable to God, was to cease from sin : and that there could be no real repentance of sin without forsaking it. This was now the work before me, and in faithfulness I should certainly find the blessing of God. I soon began to see clearly the difference between traveling into sin, and traveling out of it: as the one was directly contrary to the other. My wife also received 'the same faith, to follow Christ in the regeneration. By the blessing of Divine Providence we were favored with the best accommodations of any family which had embraced the gospel in the neighborhood, to entertain our beloved Mother and the Elders, while they were visiting the people in this vicinity. They accordingly came to our house several times, and tarried with us, and received visitors. During this time they commenced their labors very eai-ly in the morning, and often continued them till late in the evening. Many of those who accepted the testimony were heard groaning under powerful convictions of sin, some speaking in an unknown tongue, while others were filled with raptures of joy and thanksgiving to God for the great manifestation of his love to them. I often visited Mother and the Elders, at New Lebanon and Watervliet, in the state of New York, and in many other places. I always found them engaged in the same kind of labors, pulling down the strong holds of sin, and building up Zion. They were a prudent, temperate and charitable people : wise, chaste and discreet in their language and deportment. I have not only seen the blessed fruits of righteousness which were in their own lives, but I have received the same from them, into my own soul. In the uprightness and sincerity of my heart, and in obedience to the testimony of the gospel which I received from them, I have been saved from the power of sin, and loosed from the bands of death, and have found a daily increasing victory over a sinful nature, which has afforded me peace and justification and given full releasement and freedom to my soul, from the time of my confessing my sins to this day. It is not, therefore, a mere profession which I have found, but a substantial and permanent salvation. (To BE CONTINUED.)