Farm and Garden Hens. Hens. If you have to shut your hens up to keep them out of the newly made garden do not forget to throw them an occasional sod so that they may scratch and peck it. They will ever tear out the young grass The exercise does them good. Ex. Boiled potatoes are said to be a cure for diarrhoea... Boiled potatoes are said to be a cure for diarrhoea in cattle. Feed warm and give as much as the cattle will eat. Ex. The experiments of a famous Swedish chemist... The experiments of a famous Swedish chemist, prolonged over two years, making it definitely certain that separating cream by the centrifugal secures 10 per cent, more of it than any other process, while if the cream is at once churned what chemists and other experimenters pronounce the best lasting and best keeping butter is obtained ; the refuse— the skimmed milk and buttermilk, are sweet, that is, in their most valuable condition—and the milk has been in the course of a few hours turned into money. This appears to be the ultimate perfection of scientific butter-making. Ex. Forest leaves should be collected and used as bedding in the stables Forest leaves should be collected and used as bedding in the stables. Decayed grain of any kind is highly injurious to stock... Decayed grain of any kind is highly injurious to stock, often producing paralysis and death. Ex. Value of Refuse. The value of the refuse of the starch and glucose factories for feeding cows is about half that of corn-meal when it is dry; but as it contains a large portion of water—90 per cent.—the estimated value is only 15 cents per 100 pounds. When it has been partly dried its value is proportionately increased. The starch has been nearly nil taken out of the corn-meal and the gluten left. It is an excellent food for producing milk on account of the albumen it contains, and which is similar in composition to the casein of milk, or rather that one is changeable into the other in the animal system. Grape-vines ought, as a rule, to be pruned in the fall... Grape-vines ought, as a rule, to be pruned in the fall. If the work is deferred until spring, the hurry of the work may cause it to be put off too late. Ex.