[A LETTER FROM ELDER F. W. EVANS.] ABOLITION OF SLAVERY Sir: Was it premature? So far as the South is concerned, are not they, in heart, as really slave-holders to-day as they ever were ? The Israelitish law, under which, at each seventh or Sabbatical year, all debts were cancelled and all slaves released, the masters and mistresses were enjoined not to send them away empty, but to remember that they had been worth more to their ownerthan hired servants. Therefore, they were to give them liberally of the vat, the herd and the flock, the things that money alone represented, thus to part with them in friendship, as some of the Cuban slaveholders are doing by releasing three hundred and seven hundred at a time, and as England did with the West Indies and Russia with her millions, a free will offering of enlightened conscience, quickened by convictions of the wrong they have done to their own flesh and blood, to their own Hebrew brethren. For be it remembered that the Jewish brotherhood did not extend beyond their own nationality. Gentiles might be held as slaves, and usury be taken of them. Something of this distinction may be observed at the South. The slave must be black. Then it must be proved logically to the southern intellect, that black people are not human beings, members of the southern- nationality, or of the universal brotherhood of man, or born with the inalienable lights of life, land and liberty. To condemn by organic law national or society wrong, is a great gain, but after thus doing the will of God, we have need of patience to endure the time of healing, when . the cause of the moral wounds, bruises and sores have been removed. The North must be patient with the South. It had not progressed up to abolition ; hence the war, and hence the antagonism to the North, and the persistent effort to continue slavery, in substance, after the institution has ceased to have legal existence. When it was legal, the moralists contended against it. Now that it is illegal the immoralists contend for it. When nations are born in a day, the accouchment must be with prolonged national pain and agony. The young life must be protected into manhood and womanhood by parental and filial affection, care and solicitude on the part of nursing fathers and nursing mothers. To Aveave a web of governmental union out of thirty-seven States is a work so great and grand that few appreciate its significance, or measure its magnitude. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.