Juvenile MY LITTLE BED. Written with, and for the, little girls Written with, and for the, little girls. LUCY S. BOWK US. (Continued from last number.) My blankets come from the meadows green. Where the blue-eyed grasses blow, And daises bloom, and hedges shade, And the dancing waters flow. It may seem strange but 'tis even true, As the lambs might all declare ; They live on the verdant sod, and thrive By the shepherd's kindly care. And the fleece of wool that covers them, Protects when the sky is cold; When the winds and show of the frosty days, Blow over the gentle fold. But as soon as the ices melt away, And the balmy June appears ; With submissive will it is sacrificed, To the workman's clipping shears. Then with spindles and loom, and warp and woof, The blankets are quickly made. What would we do, but for sheep and lambs, Through the chill of the mighty shade ! My pillow is made of the softest down, Though not from the icy shores, Where the Eider-duck builds her distant nest, But from poultry round our doors. The feathers feel good to the aching head; Or when sleep the eyelids close : And my coverlet is as fresh and clean, As the whitest thing that grows. What a goodly thing is my little bed; What a place for blessed dreams Of the far away hills, and meadow lands, Where the sun in its brightness beams. My mind is filled with the thought each day, Of the many who have no bed; Of how even the Saviour had naught on earth, Where upon to lay his head. And at even-tide when I go to rest, I will offer this humble prayer, That a thankful heart may be ever mine, For the blessings I daily share. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. A very smart boy returning from school attempted'to prove that two were equal to three. Pointing to a roasted chicken on the table, he said. Is not that, one? Then pointing to another,— Is not that two,—and do not one and two make three? Whereupon the father said, I will take one ; your mother may take one and our boy can have the third for his dinner. 'NOT IF IT WAS MY EOT' Some years ago, the late Horace Mann, the eminent educator, delivered an address at the opening Of some reformatory institute for boys, during which he remarked that if only one boy was saved from ruin, it would pay for all the cost and labor of establishing such an institution as that. After the exercises had 3D IE-A. T tl SSS. ceased, in private conversation a gentlema rallied Mr. Mann on his statement anc said to him,— 'Did you not color that a little, when you said that all the expense and labor would be repaid if it only saved one boy?' 'Not if it was my boy,' was the solemn and convincing reply. Ah, there is a wonderful value about 'my boy.' ' Other boys may be rude and rough; other boys may be reckless and wild; other boys may seem to require more pains and labor than they will ever repay; other boys may be left to drift uncared for to the ruin which is near at hand; but 'my boy'—it were worth the toil of a lifetime, and the lavish wealth of a world to save him from temporal and eternal ruin. We would go the world round to save him from peril, and would bless every hand that was stretched out to give help and welcome. And yet every poor, wandering outcast, homeless man, is one whom some fond mother called 'my boy.' Shall we shrink from labor, shall we hesitate at cost, when the work before us is the salvation of a soul? Not if it is 'my boy,' nor if we have the love of Him who gave his life to save the lost. Ex.