Farm and Garden Hens. Hens. If you have to shut your hens up to keep them out of the newly made garden do not forget to throw them an occasional sod so that they may scratch and peck it. They will ever tear out the young grass The exercise does them good. Ex. Boiled potatoes are said to be a cure for diarrhoea... Boiled potatoes are said to be a cure for diarrhoea in cattle. Feed warm and give as much as the cattle will eat. Ex. The experiments of a famous Swedish chemist... The experiments of a famous Swedish chemist, prolonged over two years, making it definitely certain that separating cream by the centrifugal secures 10 per cent, more of it than any other process, while if the cream is at once churned what chemists and other experimenters pronounce the best lasting and best keeping butter is obtained ; the refuse— the skimmed milk and buttermilk, are sweet, that is, in their most valuable condition—and the milk has been in the course of a few hours turned into money. This appears to be the ultimate perfection of scientific butter-making. Ex. Forest leaves should be collected and used as bedding in the stables Forest leaves should be collected and used as bedding in the stables. Decayed grain of any kind is highly injurious to stock... Decayed grain of any kind is highly injurious to stock, often producing paralysis and death. Ex. Value of Refuse. The value of the refuse of the starch and glucose factories for feeding cows is about half that of corn-meal when it is dry; but as it contains a large portion of water—90 per cent.—the estimated value is only 15 cents per 100 pounds. When it has been partly dried its value is proportionately increased. The starch has been nearly nil taken out of the corn-meal and the gluten left. It is an excellent food for producing milk on account of the albumen it contains, and which is similar in composition to the casein of milk, or rather that one is changeable into the other in the animal system. Grape-vines ought, as a rule, to be pruned in the fall... Grape-vines ought, as a rule, to be pruned in the fall. If the work is deferred until spring, the hurry of the work may cause it to be put off too late. Ex. How to Milk. In milking, do not seize the teat between the thumb and forefinger, and drag down until the end slips from the grasp of the digits. Do not grasp with the hand, pressing the nails into the teat, with a squeeze and a pull. Grasp the teat with the thumb partly upward, and the fingers in their natural position when closed, next the udder, and closing the fingers in succession, force the milk downward, with a gentle pull on the udder. So proceed alternately with each hand, going further and further up into the udder as the flow ceases, until you have all the milk drawn. Thus you may milk easily for yourself and the cow. In fact, the cow soon comes to like the manipulation. If a few simple rules founded upon common sense were observed in milking, instead of kicking cows and holding up the milk, we should find our cows gentle to handle, and much vexation would be spared to the milkers. It should however, be remembered that, in milking cows, gentleness is a cardinal virtue. Ex. Sheep are becoming popular... Sheep are becoming popular with the masses of Western Farmers, who seek to increase their profits by stock raising and at the same time improve their soil, raise more grass, have less labor, and make more money. A pound of mutton can be raised as cheap as a pound of beef or pork, and is worth equally as much in market, and the wool is extra profit. Use thoroughbred males of any of the popular breeds, and in a few years your sheep will be a source of pride as well as of profit. Farming World.