ORVILLE DYER The subject of this sketch Avas a prominent member of the Society of Shakers at Enfield N. H. His parents united with that religious order in 1813, bringing to the community their whole family, five sons and one daughter. Orville was the fourth child and was then nine years old. With this people lie was nurtured, and as he grew to an understanding and knowledge of their religious principles he embraced them and with the society ever remained, becoming one of its firmest pillars, occupying several responsible positions, and at the time of his death was a member of the board of Trustees of that institution, having occupied the office for nine years. For thirteen years he was associated with the Presiding Elder as an assistant, and twenty eight years officiated as Presiding Elder of the Church Family. He was a noble specimen of God's handiwork; possessed of strong mental powers, moderate in judgment, but when formed, it was established as the hills ; no influence or bribe of friend or foe could change him; when convinced of a truth he accepted it, and from it there was no shadow of turning. He was perfectly honest in all the transactions of life. Every manifest worthy principle he revered and no power could weaken or destroy his confidence in the integrity of those who gave him the evidence of honesty. In giving judgment, you had his genuine opinion; as he viewed a subject, so was that view expressed. No person could accuse him of hypocrisy or duplicity in any shade; as was his profession, so was his life, an honest, upright Christian, true to the name oi Shaker, from the days of his childhood, and an honor to his sect. Although not favored with the advantages of education and culture as is more universally bestowed today, it did not detract from his manliness or deprive him of the attributes and graces of the gospel. He was therefore a plain 'matter of fact' man, with a spirit akin to angels. Though human and subject to human frailties, few men had less faults. His life and character were eminently noble and exalted, which gave him power over the arch enemy. To him death had no sting, neither has the grave a victory. Enfield, N. H.