THOROUGHNESS If you only do one thing during the day, do if—don't half do it. The want of thoroughness is the cause of more than half the small miseries we endure, and which, altogether, make life almost uneudurable. Try to find out the best way of doing the smallest thing, and when you have learned that way, do it, even if it takes a little more time. Time ! people are always complaining that they haven't time for anything, and the principal reason is, that everything is so poorly done, that three-fourths of j our time is spent in doing it over, or in trying to remedy the mischief caused by inaccuracy and want of thoroughness. The evil is not confined to domestic and social life ; it does not stop at smearing instead of washing dishes, and pots, and kettles ; it is not content with destroying all chance of peace and comfort by the destruction and waste it causes ; it is sapping the moral character and integrity of the people. Men and women are as careless of what they say, as whatthey do. Without any intention of really falsifying, allow themselves to convey false impressions, and seem to have almost lost the power of making a simple, plain, and truthful statement. They deal in gross exaggerations, in high-sounding words, which convey either a wrong idea or none at all. No one is content to be themselves ; every one wants to be, or appear to be, something else ; and so, instead of a pleasing variety of individualities, in which every one is content to be his own best, we have a Babel of shams and make-believes, in which each one tries to lose his own identity and take txp that of his neighbor. Pretense is the natural out-growth of want of thoroughness. Persons who are thorough are generally honest, simple, truthful. Try to be this. If you are careless or have acquired the habit of exaggeration, stop it! try to control it as you would a disease. If you have only a button to sew on, sew it on well. One of the most-tedious and important tasks which the mother of a family has to perform, is sewing the buttons on shoes and garments which have been purchased ready made, and which she knows, by experience, the first strain will pull from their places. A shoe store or furnishing store would make a fortune by advertising *¦'buttons well sewed on.' How gratefully we remember one who 178 SHAKER MANIFESTO. has worked for us thoroughly and conscientiously ! His work lives after him, while the careless person does untold mischief, not only by carelessness, but by recklessness ; for 'Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.' Young men and young women, the future is in your hands ; make it an improvement on the present in this respect, at least: Don't be a sham, and don't do things by halves. If your duty lies in digging potatoes, or peeling them, do it so well that it will be a pleasure to yourself and others to contemplate your work. The quality of thoroughness, or the absence of it, shows as plainly in one position as another, and is as valuable in the king as in the one who serves him. Be your own best !—Exchange