Correspondence Dear Friend:—Could not a company of your... Mystic, Ct. August 1, 1882. F. W. Evans, Dear Friend:—Could not a company of your people attend our annual peace meeting, to be held the 23rd. and 24th of August? We hold large 'meetings and need aid. The meeting is to be held in the usual place on the west bank of the Mystic River. If you could bring some singers too, it would help us a great deal. Please answer soon. Yours, with much respect Fred. E. Whipple, Sec. Dear Friend: Your kind invitation to attend with... Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. August 5, 1882 Frederic E. Whipple, Dear Friend: Your kind invitation to attend with a company o: singers your great gathering for the noble purpose of bringing War to an end, is a hand. I assure you nothing would give mt more pleasure than to be in your midst anc to bring with me a band of our spiritual singers. I would also dearly enjoy your singing1, and to hear the eloquent utterances of your speakers, both male and female, would be a high intellectual treat. Also, to meet anc greet such friends of Peace and advocates o1 virtue as gather around your honored President, Alfred Love and Amanda Deyo, would be good for my constitution of both body and mind. The primary causes of War must be fearlessly sought out. When these are found, the Mystery of Iniquity will be revealed. Light makes manifest! What is it in human nature that in a straight, makes physical fighters out of intellectual nonresistants? In an emergency, wherefore do even the Friends, furnish their quota of soldiers? Indeed, may we not candidly ask ourselves; Why it is that War has been and is, so nearly universal? Effects so wide spread, so general, must have producing causes that are equally present in the hearts of human beings everywhere. What are they? Can they be removed? If so, by whojn and through what agency? Perhaps, when the Peace advocates adopt the Buddhist principle of 'Thou shalt not kill,' the axe oi reform will have been put to the root of the evil tree of War and violence. Another Buddhist principle is ; Use no intoxicating beverages. How much of the warspirit of the English nation, ar.d of the AngloSaxon race in general, is due to their Hullbeef diet, we may come to know before we cease to grow in grace and in the knowledge of God and nature. It is certain that a few flesh-eating Englishmen hold in subjection the millions, of rice-eating men, women and children of India. The Americans are a meat-eating people, and uatil the last quarter of a century, were eminently a pork-eating people. That they are a fighting nation is not disputed; and if the Egyptian Israelites had more diseases than the toothless Americans, no wonder the Lord changed their diet for forty years,— medical treatment. When Temperance lecturers, first began making converts, they did not preach total abstinence from beer, cider, or even wine. Neither did Lincoln begin the Civil War with Slavery emancipation, but with it he ended the war and slavery together. Is it not thus with Peace-advocates ? Beginning with ; Thou shalt not kill human beings, nor eat them, they will end flesh-eating and War together by simply saying, Thou shalt not kill. It is possible that I, with one brother, may appear in your midst as spectators. I should so love to witness your proceedings. But it is quite uncertain. With most fraternal greetings. Your Friend, F. W. Evans Dear Manifesto ;—Your sweet, little face so... Oswego, May, 1882 Dear Manifesto ;—Your sweet, little face so welcome to us, has been missed from our fireside since the Jan. No. came to hand, and we infer that our subscription has expired. Enclosed, please find am't. for one year's renewal, and consider us a life subscriber. You have entwined yourself around our hearts, and become one of the necessities of our earthly existence. And now a word to our dear brethren and sisters greeting : As John the Baptist preceded the first advent of Christ in the person of Jesus, and as the primitive Christian church gave promise, before its extinction, in the sec)nd and third centuries, of its permanent foundation in the 'latter days,' so do you as in organized body of harmonious and loving, n*actical Christians, give hope, and promise, that the time is at hand, when the leaven of rue Shaker principles, will leaven the whole ump of humanity. Ye are a light unto the world, therefore, 'Let your light so shine bebre men that they may see your good works ¦xnd glorify our Father which is in heaven,' and let the little Manifesto go into the hearts and homes of all God's children, who are eady to receive it, with its precious fruitage of joy, and peace, and purity, and 'the angels bright, from their homes of light' will SIIAKKIl MANIFESTO. 209 continue to aid you in bearing the burdens of its care and sustenance. We venture to say, that there are millions of people in this broad land, who have never heard of such a people as the Shakers, much less, are familiar with the principles of which they are the living exponents. How truly in this case, as in :thers, do the words of our dear Lord apply when he said, 'The harvest truly is plenteous, but the laborers are few.' May our Heavenly Father bestow still more abundantly, the means whereby the 'Manifesto' can be sent all over this broad land, with the tidings that there is a happy, Godfearing, man-loving people, living above the . law of 'mine and thine' in fraternal unity and love. Where there are no Prisons, Almshouses, or Insane Asylums ; where there are no homicides, suicides, embezzlements, or adulteries, clearly showing who are the followers ot Jesus, for he said 'Ye shall know them by their fruits.' We would if time and space permitted, gladly enter upon the discussion of the analogy between the historical events of the time of Jesus the Christ and the events of these 'latter days.' For instance, we have our Pharisees, Christians so-called. Sadducees, called materialists, Essenes, and Nazarites in the garb of the Shakers, and those who have dealings with 'familiar spirits,' called Spiritualists. And our boasted nineteenth century civilization, with its concomitants Church and State, already past the zenith of their power, weak and enfeebled with the accumulated vice and crime, of centuries. Is it not like the ancient Roman Empire, tottering toward its down fall in fulfillment of the prediction of St. John in the Apocalypse? Do not the 'signs of the times,' point to this approaching advent of the 'True Church of the Living God,' as clearly as they did, at its first appearing? We have done. We have thrown out thes e few thoughts feeling quite confident they will not escape the attention of the 'children of light,' and now may the 'peace of God which passeth all understanding' prevail and continue at the homes of our brother and sister Shakersuntil noneshall say, 'Know the Lord : for they shall all kno.v me, from the least of them unto the greatest of them, saith the Lord; for I will forgive their iniquity, and 1 will remember their sin no more.' B. F. Bailey Very pleasantly remembered, Elder Henry : I send you... Canaan, Four Corners, N. Y. June 3, 1882. Very pleasantly remembered, Elder Henry : I send you, according to request, an article relating to life and adventures among the Indians of the Xorth West. I often go back in memory to the days spent among them. I expect the memory will follow me to the end of my life. Most of those have passed away with whom I spent my twelve years of early manhood; those who were children then, are only left to remember, me now. I hope it is to them a grateful remembrance. I know it is so to me ; for very pleasant were the days I spent among them. I still cherish for them the deepest affection, and their wrongs have grieved me to the heart. I hope to meet them in a world better and happier than this—free from the many wrongs and miseries which they have had to oaidure from merciless and rapacious white'men ; for which I consider our Government in a measure, answerable. I have known butfew good Indian Agent*. The majority of them have been a disgrace to the race, men who could practice, with impunity, every kind of iniquity. The liquor wliich they have introduced among the Indians has slain its thousands. The Indians knew nothing of 'fire water' till the whites introduced it. With drunkenness, came every other vice. Hear what Ke-che Be-zhe-ka (Big Buffalo.) of the Lakes, once said to me on this subject;— 'When the Pale Faces came across the Big Waters. {Ke-che Gah*me,~) there were straight paths running through all our forests. One warrior walked in them. They were very narrow. But one warrior's feet went straight forward. It did not hurt them to walk in straight, narrow paths. But the Pale Face could not walk in them. His toes turned out. He was trying to walk two ways at once. He could not walk straight. His ways were crooked. He taught our people to drink 'Fire Water.' He taught them to steal. He came creeping into our wigwams, at night. He crept in like a mouse, that nibbles the children's corn- He had long fingers—so long that they would reach to the bottom of the mo-koks (birch bark boxes.) He stole all the women's sugar out of them, made of the juice of the maple-tree. And when our people told him of this, and he 210 SHAKER MANIFESTO. opened his mouth to speak, we saw that he had two tongues. One tongue laid very still, the other moved very fast. The lying tongue walked, ike fastest. It is like the brook that runs over the stones. None can stop its babblings.' We are all well and feel thankful for your pleasant visit among us. Love to Eldress Joanna, and the other sisters—your associates. Yours with much love GRANVILLE T. SPROAT