HEROES ELIZETTE SUTTON There is much said in this day, about heroes ; heroic deeds are performed by thousands of people, who are highly applauded. Too much cannot be said in commendation of valor and heroism. Very many individuals can tell of remarkable examples of courage witnessed in the hour of great peril. We have read of a fire occurring in one of the large publishing houses of New York city, where a young woman was seen in one of the upper story windows, holding to the outside casement with an iron grasp, while the smoke completely enshrouded her form. There she was alone in that awful moment of terror shrieking for aid. She was rescued from the maddening flames, by men of courage, who braved the danger, at the risk of their own lives. Was not this heroism ? Heroes will, and must have their own renown, though renown does not make heroes. The lives of some persons are full of similar nets. On the spur of the moment, noble deeds are often performed deserving of great credit. Such characters exercise almost superhuman effort, to bring about great results. We find on record, a host of adventurers who with a genuine ambition, have climbed the heights, and explored the depths of science, till its voice of wisdom speaks through their living senses, and develops the unknown to the people at large, so that, what was once veiled in obscurity, becomes familiar even to the populace. A light flashes from electric fluid, and starts the world with its bearings. A cable reaches from continent to continent which carries the latest ne'ws with such rapidity that in a few moments the two worlds become familiar with what is transpiring of interest to either. Wires are stretched across the country, on which plays the electric current, relating facts by a simple click, click, that the human voice would utter far and near. Steam operates by magical power, and forces a long line of coaches through the country, crowded with travelers on every conceivable mission. Schemes of persistent daring are acted by the men of our times, who are forward in hope. They have come up to a height of physical and spiritual pressure, that pushes them on toward the truths of science, and the might of reform in all its bearings. The world has known its Newton, its Franklin, as well as the principle scientists whose intelligence has shone with splendor, through the vista of ages; they have gone out of sight, but have left their light to illumine present and future posterity, and to mingle with greater and more powerful agencies and agents, that will yet crowd the stage of action. Research is not only a word, but a practical reality ; a disenthralled active mind, embraces it tenaciously and affectionately. Working heroes still walk the halls of science with ambitious feet. Hail to the great Chieftain ! Washington, the anniversary of whose birth we so kindly celebrate. The hero's path is not a flowery one, it is evidently strewn with thorns, his oft bleeding feet and manacled hands told of severe trial, and dangerous ways to pass over, before tie shout was re-echoed from shore to shore of an independent nation. He did not live to himself, but unto the race and unto God ; the divinity was stirred within him, and he lighted the fires of truth and justice in the hearts of the people. It still burns far and wide among the heroes of our times. Well may his deeds be rehearsed and adored by the multitude of today. They are emblazoned on banners that float in a free air. Too many are willing to spend their lives in a passive condition, without power to perfect or promote the happiness of others by a single act of selfdenial. They think that all the sweetness of life is locked up in their own selfish hearts ; their pleasures arise from narrow minds and untaught lives. When will the heroes of the cross of Christ, stand in a more conspicuous light in the ranks of the brave? A seed has been sown that will yet bear its fruit in that direction. The spiritual horizon is brightening, and God will say again, 'Let there be light.' People of enduring fortitude are working in fields of progress. No wider range of thought has yet filled the mind in the interest of the political, or scientific world, than will yet fill it in the religious world. When the battle is turned to the foes of our''own household,'' and all impurity is slain by the sword of truth ; then devotion to principle, to the higher laws of being, will be our crown of rejoicing. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.