COMMUNAL RELATIONS. No, 2. OLIVER C. HAMPTON Tyranny is an unmitigated curse under all circumstances. It is no part of a Christian government nor of a Christian spirit. Those who allow themselves to be influenced by its dictates, are unfit for Directors of the affairs of a Community. They are even unfit members of such Community, unless they reform. Some persons having experienced the baleful effects of tyranny upon themselves, become so desperate and indignant, as to propose to throw off all restraint and to become as it were, outlaws. They at least propose to strike such an independent attitude as to ignore all government external to themselves. But this it seems to me would strike at the very foundation of all community life, yea, and utterly annihilate it. Now we are all fallible beings. We are brought into contact with earth and its conditions that we may have a school of discipline. We are likewise placed in community life, that we may have a chance to further and complete that discipline. As we come to be d?veloped from infancy to the period of old age we gradually discover many faults, sinful proclivities and idiosynci'acies disagreeable to others and tormenting to ourselves. Some of these are acquired, most of them entailed, all of themhateful. We should grow out of them and we must have time for it. Tyranny is one of these and they are few and far between indeed, who have not one atom of it in their make up. Then there are envy, jealousy, passionateucss, impatience, impurity and about a thousand more equally unbearable rudimentalisms to be ^rotten clear of through SHAKER MANIFESTO. 199 the splendid discipline of our community life. And blessed, thrice blessed is he who can afford to submit to the refining ordeal. No language can do justice to the after-glory of such melting of these crude elements 'with fervent heat'' and their final transmutation into the fine gold of resulting and eternal fruitions. No one can know these things but those who have actually submitted to this salutary discipline and calmly passed into the region beyond. Will any one then resort to the suicidal policy of ignoring the necessity for Directors in the affairs of our community life, or refuse to be governed and externally influenced by the administration thereof, because sometimes such administration may appear tyrannical or possibly be so, occasionally, to some painful extent ? Organization in our community implies a systematic arrangement, scientifically looking to the greatest possible advantage and success from organized effortIt also keeps forever in view the sublime and benevolent law of the greatest possible good to the greatest possible number. But do away with authority's Directors and the obligations to yield a cheerful intelligent compliance to their administration, and the whole communal structure goes to pieces under the inexorable law of desintegration and repulsion. Most assuredly none of us can afford to do this; for this pentecostal arrangement with all its faults is the very best system of communal life ever yet evolved ; far seeing in results as the gleams of glory which passed across the halcyon horoscope of the ancient seers and sages. But again, our Institution is a selfmending machine, a constantly improving and progressing community; and will finally eradicate all its crudities, all elements of unkindness. oppression tyranny and all the rest. This is one of its crowning glories. It is the embodiment ef a great and sublime concatenation of events at one end of which God and higher intelligences are at work and we at the other. They are laying down the cross ties of Love and Wisdom, and we furnishing the rails, ballasting and rolling stock. They impart the holy fervors of Inspiration and we the crude ores to be transmuted by them into pure metal. We furnish the sorrows and sacrifice, they, the forces of pure love, sympathy and encouragement to melt them down into the contentment and peace which passeth all understanding.' We unfortunately contribute a great amount of ''dross and tin' and they, the fire to consume it. With these very considerable taxes raised on what in moments of pain and despair we might be inclined to call our calamities, will it not be best to bear patiently, even a little oppression, than by resisting the same to rob one's self of pentecoslal blessings, and the temporal and spiritual advantages of communal life, and by continuing and widening the policy of resistance, to finally disintegrate and destroy the whole organic structure and annihilate all the blessings of a systematic arrangement, the most perfect ever yet originated on earth ? I am locking at this whole subject through the lens of experience, am not the least inclined to speculate upon any communistic El Dorado, flowered over with Utopian forecasts of an Elysian existence not possible to be realized on this earth, so long as man is so full of evil as at present and likely to be as long as I live at least. 200 SHAKER MANIFESTO. I know what it is to be oppressed both in fact and in imagination. I think I have been down to the very bottom of this Jordan and felt all its waves roll over me. So that I am not without deep lasting sympathy for any and all who may now be passing through that fearful river of experience. And now may thorns grow in place of roses and thistles in place of wheat, if I ever knowingly exercise a spirit of tyranny and oppression toward any one ; under this blessed resolution I doubt not has been one of the good fruits extorted from the arid soil of these very experiences which I resolved to bear, and the painful discipline by which I determined to profit. Dear reader, if you do not see the point ube you a doer of the work and you shall know of the doctri :e whether it be trite or whether I speak of myself' as Jesus proposes. Union Village, Ohio