Respected Friend :—Your kind letter of the... Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Apr. 1882 [The following Letter is a reply to an invitation from Stephen Pearl Andrews, of New York, extended to Giles I}. Avery. to attend a Colloquium, in that city, 'to forecast and inaugurate that grand reconciliation, mutual acceptance, and harmony, which, is believed may be the basis of the religion of the future.''] Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Apr. 1882 Respected Friend :—Your kind letter of the 28, ult., is before us ; please excuse delay in reply, as our duties, and absence from home must account for the same. We cannot fail to be interested in the ''quest of truth' and 'in the mutual harmony and acceptance of the religion of the future.' But, our personal duties are such, it does not appear, at this moment, to be consistent for the writer to attend the 'Colloquium' therefore beg you to accept our thanks for the interest you take in our noble cause—the universal blessing of humanity ; and your special respect to the Shaker Institution. In lieu of attendance to your noble, purposed convention, we will present just a few leading ideas in behalf of universal human weal ; leaving denominational t;issues,' out in the cold. And, first, of the question which Pilate put to Jesus. 'What is truth ?' Jesus never answered it, except in reference to its religious character. In this capacity, he said, 'I am the truth,' that is, my life's mission ; my testimony of theory and practice ! Our answer to the question,, in its universal bearing, is this, Truth, is the manifesto of those principles, that, in their application to the pursuits of life, eventuate in the development, ele^ vation and perfection of humanity, and culminate in the glory of God. To define truth in all its varied phases of relations to science, art, conventional propriety, social, political, and religious economy, and delineate it in its multiform ramifications, would require volumes, instead of sentences. But to refer to religious truth, we would suggest that it is not an article made of the metal of human sophisms, or philosophy and tempered in a theological bath ! It 194 SHAKER MANIFESTO. would bo falsehood to assert that there are no expressions of a measure of truth in the sentimental frame work of the multiform theologies which are the products of the labored speculations of the human mind ; because each one, and all of them have a few golden nuggets of truth mid the vast amount of speculative debris, that makes up the bulk of their denominational characteristics and differences. But, Creeds which shroud faith and religion in mystery and inconsistency ; which make God a revengh.il Tyrant, more cruel in his purposes than the savages of the cannibal races ; creeds which despoil justice of her rewards, and give the lie to God's goodness and love ; his charity and mercy make as chaff; and crown the fiat of his alleged decrees with daggers which pierce the human soul with horror, and anoint the murderous wounds with despair, cannot be models of Truth. lu this, we refer to what many theologians teach as the 'vicarious atonement of Jesus,' for the sins of all who affect to believe in his divinity, and confess him to be the Savior of man in sh&gt;. by, and through his sufferings for sin ! instead of a salvation from sin ; which, especially, was his mission ! Much psevido Christianity teaches salvation simply from the consequences of sin ! In this theology is taught, 1st. That Jesus is God. 2nd. That Mary was the mother of God. 3rd. That the Holy Ghost is God. That Jesus, God's son is as old as his Father, and older than his mother; that these three are One and this One is three! That these thi%ee are all eternal, and yet one of them is a son : and this son was begotten, but not made ! Was this sophistical theology the fruit of some ancient '•'Curriculum ?' In this remark we would not be understood, as treating with levity the noble pursuits of truth's guest; these we revere ; but mean that we consider religious truth makes an end of a sinful life, revealing sin as a violation of God's law, and a life of practical obedience to the precepts of Christ, the culmination of righteousness, peace, and universal unity. Now, friend Andrews, while we have the greatest respect to all efforts to improve human society, when we reflect upon the world's history, and consider how many 'Colloquiums' have been inaugurated to invent and establish a universal religion, and how fruitless have been all religions, so called, of human origin, we shrink from the effort of repeating the vain endeavor. The deeliue of the influence of the Churches, and the diminished power of the pulpit, is directly traceable to the want of vitality and saving power in the theologies of human production, scholastically called, and studied, as religion. And the deserved fact that the great mass of religions professed, do not alter and improve the lives, of religious professors. Amid the storms of human ambition. pride, prejudice and contention that always bear sway, to a great extent, in Colloquial organizations, we confidently rely on the truth standard that Christ hath reared, with its eternal increase in grace and loveliness. The great mistakes of the present churchal influence, are. I. An attempt to harmonize the Church and the world ! II. An effort to combine, in one churchal organization, before there is a spiritual harmony in the understandings and SHAKER MANIFESTO. 195 heart's emotions of the different religious professors. III. A harmony of denominations,, before there is a harmony and unity ot faith. IV. To convert religion into a mere theology. V. To embody, in a communistic relation, soids who have not been baptized into, nor grown up unto, a union of spirit. All communions formed on a mere external or material basis, for external purposes only, without reference to unity of spirit, must fail, for it lacks the foundational principle of success ! Thus, friend Andrews, you will observe, that the Shaker idea, is, I. That religion is not theology. II. That no h'nian institution of theology that can be devised, will ever, be a reliable basis for a unification of the human family in religion. III. That the Truth, in religion, is already revealed, and need no colloquial tinkering to render it perfect. IV. Shakers do not believe that the mere profession of faith in any special theory or dogma of theological opinion, constitutes true religion. This is accomplished only by living in harmony with the same principles of Truth that Jesus Christ lived. What is needed for humanity's weal, is a religion and moral philosophy which will inspire patriotism and hold us strenuously to tlie work of making the earth a clean, orderly, and whohsmie dwelling place, for human beings. All that is good and true, in the religious element of life, will work to disentaugle itself from the worldly, sensual and narrow interests of the carnal life. Our religion should be utilitarian, understandable, and comprehensible, freed from mysteries, whether of God, Angels, Heaven, Hell or in the social relations. True religion consists, I. Of faith in God, as a Supreme being, unto whom all intelligent beings are accountable for the conduct of their lives. II. Of faith in Man as a Creature of God, unto whom the same regard for the good feelings of brother and sister, should be exercised as unto ones-self. III. In a practical obedience to the dictates of this faith, so that life's deeds will be a blessing to the doer, and work no ill to any creature of God. While Shakers understand that Truth is an eternal reality, and that all phases of its manifestations are necessary, and living stones in its glorious temple, they do not believe that any formulated opinions of mere human conception,1 anchored at the dock of Creed has chained the heavenly Argosy of Divine Truth, with all her cargo of revelations, within the finite harbor of human attainments. She is out upon the boundless ocean of God's wisdom and love; and, though she may often come to human port, with her cargo, will never be chained to the dock of any finished Venice on a human strand. Your friend kindly, Giles B. Avery