Elijah Wilds [part 2] ELIJAH WILDS (Continued from last number). The spirit of opposition and cruel persecution which was raised against Mother and the Elders, and the patience, meekness and charity which they manifested under it, was a most striking evidence of their Christ like spirit, and a powerful confirmation of the divine origin and heavenly purity of that gospel which they preached. A remarkable instance of this took place while they were at my house. In consequence of Mother's testimony against all sin, and every kind of impurity of the flesh and spirit, and the great conviction it produced among the people in this vicinity, a tumultuous mob was raised, mostly from the town of Harvard, and consisting altogether of the enemies of the cross. They came on Sabbath evening, June 1, 1783, about eight o'clock, and surrounded the house. Some of the leaders had been captains in the militia, and still bore that title. About one hundred men followed them for the evident purpose of abusing Mother Ann and the Elders. They surrounded the house all night, and would suffer no one to go out, excepting one woman, who had left her infant at home, unprotected. By her we sent information of these proceedings to Thomas Buckmore, an officer of the town, who came in the morning with a constable. When daylight appeared, the leaders of the mob called for Mother Ann and *he Elders to come out to them, but they SHAKER MANIFESTO. 197 did not think proper to comply. By permission the leaders now entered the house, when Mother and the Elders requested us to prepare some breakfast for them, and these men sat down to cat. Mother then advised me to carry some food to those, who were in the door yard. All ate freely ; after this the Elders went among the men and Elder James addressed them as follows ;— 'Why have you come here to abuse or to hurt us? What have we done? Have we injured your persons or property? If we have, make us sensible of it, and we will make you restitution.' These words so enraged the mob, that they seized him by one arm, and the brethren by the other, and held him, till he cried out. '•Lord have mercy! you will pull me to pieces ! !' At this cry the hands of the mob were loosed from him. At this instant, Thomas Buckmore came forward and commanded the peace, and ordered the mob to disperse. This produced, in them, some fear, and after considerable parley they requested that the two Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker, would go with them to Jeremiah Willard's, a man of professed faith, who lived in Harvard, promising that they should not be hurt. rJthey pretended that their only wish was to get them from this place, and have them leave the town. Although the Elders had no confidence in their promises, vet, wishing to save Mother Ann from their cruel hands, they agreed to go. Several of the brethren accompanied them, while Mother Ann was left at my house. Most of the mob followed the Elders to Harvard.* *After reaching Harvard Elder James Whittaker was bound to a tree and most inhumanly scourged by the mob as above narAt evening, the Elders returned and were gladly received by Mother Ann and the brethren and sisters, at our house. Have they abused you, James? said Mother. It was soon ascertained that his wounded back was covered with blood, caused by whipping at the hands of the mob. Many places from his shoulders to his waist was bruised to a jelly. 'I have been abuaed, said he ; but not for any wrong that I have done them ; it is for your sakes. I feel nothing against them for what they have done to me, for they went ignorant, and knew not what they d:d, nor what manner of spirit controlled them.' Mother Ann, and all the company present, now kneeled and prayed to God to jorgive their wicked persecutors. Elder James cried heartily, and said, 'Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do.' After praying for their enemies. Mother Ann and the Elders were filled with joy and thankfulness, that they were counted worthy to suffer persecution for Christ's sake. As they prayed for their persecutors in the spirit of love they endured their sufferings with meekness and patience, which were evidences to me that they possessed a treasure above all earthly treasures, and a power beyond all human power. My sincere prayer now, is that rated. Father William Lee was saved from this cruelty by the Believers who received the blows that were aimed at him. One of the persecutors struck Sister Lucy Frescott in the face, causing the blood to flow from the wound. Lucy's former husband was present, and one of them called out,—'See what you have done to that man's wife.' At this the mob dispersed, and the Believers returned home. On the 27th, of May 1882 a lot of land inclosing the place where the tree stood was deeded to the Believers; a fact that will, no doubt, give pleasure to the many who have visited the place. 198 SHAKER MANIFESTO. this spirit of God may find an entrance into the hears of the children of men, and lead them into the way of purity and holiness.— Shirley Mass. 1826.