AMERICA CECELIA DEVYR A captive on her own domain, A half bewildered, passive slave, Her song to Liberty as vain. As music breathed above a grave. Taere is no time to sing, or dream, Mo moments for the banquet hall: Behold the cloud ! whose lightnings' beam Is like the writing on the wall. With childish pride, elate and warm, She sees the past with ruddy sky. Unconscious of the fearful storm That darkly, wildly gathers nigh. 196 SHAKER MANIFESTO. Her laborers in their need for bread, Implore her for the right to toil : She drops her hands, she droops her head, And whispers, 'This is freedom's soil.' Above her breath, she dare not speak, Her tyrants, awe her. with their might. She scarcely knows that she is weak,— Or that the right, is right.— Whence is this power, this conquest sore? At which her lips may not demur ! No hostile foot, is on her shore, No ioreign foe has conquered her, But many masters, calls she lord. And many kings she must obey. Monopolists ! a selfish horde, Degrade America to-day.. Prom Tallies to the mountain tops, Her heavy golden harvests stand. Her soil is teeming with its crops, Yet want is seen on every hand. The factory and the foundry's still, Are only making broken sounds. The work-shops long untrodden, till With rankest weeds and grasses crowned And idlers, idlers every where, And tramps that no one could employ, Till Satan takes them in his care And makes their wreckless hands destroy. The crimson flame is in the sky, The crimson blood is on the ground, Rut crimson of a deeper dye Might on the Nation's face be found. For she who saw not the distress, Nor heard the pleadings of her throngs, Could call her armies to suppress The rage that swelled against their wrongs. 0 had she heard them when they cried, And waked to effort for their good, Prosperity would now be wide, Where desolation's terror brood. But wealth above, and mines below, And commerce on the open sea, One clutching, grasping system know, One law, and that, monopoly. Can God forgive a sin so great? O ye who have it in your power V You tamper with the bolt of fate, If you delay a single hour. You were combined to work this woe, Combine again to be its doom, The coming destiny o'er throw, And make the desert places bloom ; The land shall not in bondage groan, Though you refuse to make it free, For God e'er long will claim his own, And give it back to Liberty. Mount Lebanon. N. Y.