House-hold Use wire-rope for clothes-line... Use wire-rope for clothes-line. It saves annoyance, is cheaper in the longrun, and much more convenient GOOD COOKIES 3 cups of sugar 3 eggs 1 cup sour cream 1 teaspoonful saleratus 1 ' cream tartar Flour to stiffen, roll thin, or drop, bake in a hot oven To Repair Cracks in Walls —Equal parts of plaster of Paris and white sand, such as is used in most families for scouring purposes, mixed with water to a paste, applied immediately and smoothed with a knife or a flat piece of wood will make the broken place as good as new. The mixture hardens quickly, so that it is best to prepare but a small quantity at a time. Exchange Breathing Dirty Air —Think of the air of church, theater and crowded parlor. Go into such from the fresh air an hour after the company has assembled. How heavy the air with personal affluvia and rebreathedbreath. Pah! these delicate women have no thought of what they are doing. Offer such an one a cup of ditch water; would she drink it? Would she drink it if it contained even a speck? No. And yet think of it: in unventilated rooms and crowded assemblies, we inhale dirty air—air which has washed out other lungs than ours, some of them probably in 11 state of disease ! Such air contains personal impurities, particles from the lungs, uncleanly odors. Such air drawn into sensitive lungs—lungs which are only waiting to spring into inflamed conditions—creates disease. God gives us pure air. Is it not a sin and a shame that we do not keep it pure? Dr. Hamilton Osgood The sick room should be quiet, cleanly, and well aired. Label all medicines. Poison should be placed above the reach of children. A good nurse has a very steady hand, a clear head, and a kind heart; she is not talkative or nervous. Avoid arguments with the sick; do not tease them with business ; do not sit or lean on the bed. If a friend calls on a patient their stay should be very short. The practice of visiting the sick on the Sabbath is a very poor one ; that day often thus becomes the most fatiguing of all of them. As a general thing do not go into a sick room unless you go to help and not to talk. Do not deceive the sick; deceit breeds suspicion: they will worry lest you are 'keeping something from them.' To persuade the dying that they will recover is treason against the interests of the soul. It soothes and cools a fevered patient to wash them with warm water in which saleratus or soda has been dissolved. A Correspondent replies to an inquirer, that chestnuts properly prepared, make an unrivaled addition to puddings, maccaroni, potatoes, and many other articles. In this respect they are superior to the cocoanut, having a finer flavor and being more digestible. They are used in the East for stuffing poultry, and are admirable for this purpose. Scalds, and Burns , and how to treat them. The very simple remedy which we give has been thoroughly tried in our Society, for burns and scalds, both severe and light. It gives precedence, in our esteem, to all other articles, for its superior curative effects, its simplicity and cheapness. It would be well for every housekeeper, especially, where there are children, to keep on hand a vial of this mixture for any emergency. Take any quantity of linseed oil. according to the extent of surface burned, add to this, lime water, stirring all the time until it changes to a whitish color and becomes about the consistency of thick cream. Have also, prepared cotton-batting sufficient to cover the inflamed surface, upon which spread the mixture evenly and quickly; see that every spot showing the least inflaniation, is closely covered with the dressing, and there will be but little pain and a speedy cure. In many cases no other dressing would be necessary. If the burn is severe, it would require a longer time to heal and need a frequent application. Should the cotton get dry. remove, and wet in the preparation, covering the surface again as quickly as possible from the air. Continue this treatment until the inflamation has subsided and no farther difficulty need be apprehended. This treatment is equally good for frost bites.—Canterbury N. H. Fowls seem exceedingly grateful for the gift of cold water. They never swallow a drop of it without turning up their eyes to heaven. Sour milk Sour milk and butter-milk are excellent food for all kinds of poultry, especially turkeys, ducks and geese. When thickened with shorts, bran or meal, it is very nourishing diet for young fowls. Exchange. Leg weakness Leg weakness may be prevented or cured by giving in the feed ateaspoonfulof cayenne pepper and one of sulphate of iron (copperas) for every dozen fowls, once in two weeks, and continued until cured. Exchange. Feed your poultry Feed poultry on raw onions, chopped fine, mixed with other food, about twice a week. It is better than a dozen cures for cholera. Exchange.