Correspondence Dear Friend:—Could not a company of your... Mystic, Ct. August 1, 1882. F. W. Evans, Dear Friend:—Could not a company of your people attend our annual peace meeting, to be held the 23rd. and 24th of August? We hold large 'meetings and need aid. The meeting is to be held in the usual place on the west bank of the Mystic River. If you could bring some singers too, it would help us a great deal. Please answer soon. Yours, with much respect Fred. E. Whipple, Sec. Dear Friend: Your kind invitation to attend with... Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. August 5, 1882 Frederic E. Whipple, Dear Friend: Your kind invitation to attend with a company o: singers your great gathering for the noble purpose of bringing War to an end, is a hand. I assure you nothing would give mt more pleasure than to be in your midst anc to bring with me a band of our spiritual singers. I would also dearly enjoy your singing1, and to hear the eloquent utterances of your speakers, both male and female, would be a high intellectual treat. Also, to meet anc greet such friends of Peace and advocates o1 virtue as gather around your honored President, Alfred Love and Amanda Deyo, would be good for my constitution of both body and mind. The primary causes of War must be fearlessly sought out. When these are found, the Mystery of Iniquity will be revealed. Light makes manifest! What is it in human nature that in a straight, makes physical fighters out of intellectual nonresistants? In an emergency, wherefore do even the Friends, furnish their quota of soldiers? Indeed, may we not candidly ask ourselves; Why it is that War has been and is, so nearly universal? Effects so wide spread, so general, must have producing causes that are equally present in the hearts of human beings everywhere. What are they? Can they be removed? If so, by whojn and through what agency? Perhaps, when the Peace advocates adopt the Buddhist principle of 'Thou shalt not kill,' the axe oi reform will have been put to the root of the evil tree of War and violence. Another Buddhist principle is ; Use no intoxicating beverages. How much of the warspirit of the English nation, ar.d of the AngloSaxon race in general, is due to their Hullbeef diet, we may come to know before we cease to grow in grace and in the knowledge of God and nature. It is certain that a few flesh-eating Englishmen hold in subjection the millions, of rice-eating men, women and children of India. The Americans are a meat-eating people, and uatil the last quarter of a century, were eminently a pork-eating people. That they are a fighting nation is not disputed; and if the Egyptian Israelites had more diseases than the toothless Americans, no wonder the Lord changed their diet for forty years,— medical treatment. When Temperance lecturers, first began making converts, they did not preach total abstinence from beer, cider, or even wine. Neither did Lincoln begin the Civil War with Slavery emancipation, but with it he ended the war and slavery together. Is it not thus with Peace-advocates ? Beginning with ; Thou shalt not kill human beings, nor eat them, they will end flesh-eating and War together by simply saying, Thou shalt not kill. It is possible that I, with one brother, may appear in your midst as spectators. I should so love to witness your proceedings. But it is quite uncertain. With most fraternal greetings. Your Friend, F. W. Evans Dear Manifesto ;—Your sweet, little face so... Oswego, May, 1882 Dear Manifesto ;—Your sweet, little face so welcome to us, has been missed from our fireside since the Jan. No. came to hand, and we infer that our subscription has expired. Enclosed, please find am't. for one year's renewal, and consider us a life subscriber. You have entwined yourself around our hearts, and become one of the necessities of our earthly existence. And now a word to our dear brethren and sisters greeting : As John the Baptist preceded the first advent of Christ in the person of Jesus, and as the primitive Christian church gave promise, before its extinction, in the sec)nd and third centuries, of its permanent foundation in the 'latter days,' so do you as in organized body of harmonious and loving, n*actical Christians, give hope, and promise, that the time is at hand, when the leaven of rue Shaker principles, will leaven the whole ump of humanity. Ye are a light unto the world, therefore, 'Let your light so shine bebre men that they may see your good works ¦xnd glorify our Father which is in heaven,' and let the little Manifesto go into the hearts and homes of all God's children, who are eady to receive it, with its precious fruitage of joy, and peace, and purity, and 'the angels bright, from their homes of light' will SIIAKKIl MANIFESTO. 209 continue to aid you in bearing the burdens of its care and sustenance. We venture to say, that there are millions of people in this broad land, who have never heard of such a people as the Shakers, much less, are familiar with the principles of which they are the living exponents. How truly in this case, as in :thers, do the words of our dear Lord apply when he said, 'The harvest truly is plenteous, but the laborers are few.' May our Heavenly Father bestow still more abundantly, the means whereby the 'Manifesto' can be sent all over this broad land, with the tidings that there is a happy, Godfearing, man-loving people, living above the . law of 'mine and thine' in fraternal unity and love. Where there are no Prisons, Almshouses, or Insane Asylums ; where there are no homicides, suicides, embezzlements, or adulteries, clearly showing who are the followers ot Jesus, for he said 'Ye shall know them by their fruits.' We would if time and space permitted, gladly enter upon the discussion of the analogy between the historical events of the time of Jesus the Christ and the events of these 'latter days.' For instance, we have our Pharisees, Christians so-called. Sadducees, called materialists, Essenes, and Nazarites in the garb of the Shakers, and those who have dealings with 'familiar spirits,' called Spiritualists. And our boasted nineteenth century civilization, with its concomitants Church and State, already past the zenith of their power, weak and enfeebled with the accumulated vice and crime, of centuries. Is it not like the ancient Roman Empire, tottering toward its down fall in fulfillment of the prediction of St. John in the Apocalypse? Do not the 'signs of the times,' point to this approaching advent of the 'True Church of the Living God,' as clearly as they did, at its first appearing? We have done. We have thrown out thes e few thoughts feeling quite confident they will not escape the attention of the 'children of light,' and now may the 'peace of God which passeth all understanding' prevail and continue at the homes of our brother and sister Shakersuntil noneshall say, 'Know the Lord : for they shall all kno.v me, from the least of them unto the greatest of them, saith the Lord; for I will forgive their iniquity, and 1 will remember their sin no more.' B. F. Bailey Very pleasantly remembered, Elder Henry : I send you... Canaan, Four Corners, N. Y. June 3, 1882. Very pleasantly remembered, Elder Henry : I send you, according to request, an article relating to life and adventures among the Indians of the Xorth West. I often go back in memory to the days spent among them. I expect the memory will follow me to the end of my life. Most of those have passed away with whom I spent my twelve years of early manhood; those who were children then, are only left to remember, me now. I hope it is to them a grateful remembrance. I know it is so to me ; for very pleasant were the days I spent among them. I still cherish for them the deepest affection, and their wrongs have grieved me to the heart. I hope to meet them in a world better and happier than this—free from the many wrongs and miseries which they have had to oaidure from merciless and rapacious white'men ; for which I consider our Government in a measure, answerable. I have known butfew good Indian Agent*. The majority of them have been a disgrace to the race, men who could practice, with impunity, every kind of iniquity. The liquor wliich they have introduced among the Indians has slain its thousands. The Indians knew nothing of 'fire water' till the whites introduced it. With drunkenness, came every other vice. Hear what Ke-che Be-zhe-ka (Big Buffalo.) of the Lakes, once said to me on this subject;— 'When the Pale Faces came across the Big Waters. {Ke-che Gah*me,~) there were straight paths running through all our forests. One warrior walked in them. They were very narrow. But one warrior's feet went straight forward. It did not hurt them to walk in straight, narrow paths. But the Pale Face could not walk in them. His toes turned out. He was trying to walk two ways at once. He could not walk straight. His ways were crooked. He taught our people to drink 'Fire Water.' He taught them to steal. He came creeping into our wigwams, at night. He crept in like a mouse, that nibbles the children's corn- He had long fingers—so long that they would reach to the bottom of the mo-koks (birch bark boxes.) He stole all the women's sugar out of them, made of the juice of the maple-tree. And when our people told him of this, and he 210 SHAKER MANIFESTO. opened his mouth to speak, we saw that he had two tongues. One tongue laid very still, the other moved very fast. The lying tongue walked, ike fastest. It is like the brook that runs over the stones. None can stop its babblings.' We are all well and feel thankful for your pleasant visit among us. Love to Eldress Joanna, and the other sisters—your associates. Yours with much love GRANVILLE T. SPROAT Dearly Beloved Elders ;—While sitting by my window, this fine pleasant... Harvard, Mass. 1882 [The following beautiful letter was written by our aged mother, Eunice Bathrick of the Society of Har. Yard, Mass, and addressed to the Elders of the North family at Mount Lebanon. Sister Eunice lias lived with the Believers since early childhood, and has now reached her eighty eighth year. ] Harvard, Mass. 1882. Dearly Beloved Elders ;—While sitting by my window, this fine pleasant morning, and listening to the birds, as they chant their hymns of praise to the Author of all Good, my spirit is drawn to you, my precious friends, and all the dear ones in your Order, many of whom seem to be present, as I take my pen, to address you. Were it not for this soul communion, my spirit would hunger, and thirst more deeply; but this sustains me, and bears me up, as I journey to the land beyond. I often feel the presence of loved ones, who are still in the form, and take pleasure in their visits ; still I sometimes crave something more tangible ; and so I inquire 'How are all the good Elders,—dear Brethren and Sisters at the North Family, Mount Lebanon? By letters received from Canaan by sisters M. and E. we learn of the beautiful spirit manifestations with which you are blessed. We hope we may be like favored, in our turn. I long to hear the voice of our spirit friends, through whomsoever they may choose, as mediums to convey their messages, even if it is through little children. It is true, I enjoy the presence of the dear loved ones who have long since passed the river, and they comfort me, and give me strength to bear the infirmities of age; but I wish for the sake of others, that we may have something more tangible,—some further proof of their presence than any thing which I can convey. I earnestly pray that something may take place, to draw the mind,—the attention of the young and inexperienced from worldly pleasures, and all that attracts downward. If they can once gain an element in spiritual things, worldly pleasures soon loose their charms, or so I found it, and I think I am not an exception in this case. Never-ceasing thanks to Mother Ann's first horn; for this; for had they not shown me the beauties of the more excellent way,-— and heightened my aspirations to obtain a growth in the work of purification while in my youth, I might have fallen, as some of my companions did in the hour of trial. But when this time came, my love for the pleasures of nature was gone; and I had nothing to look to, but to press ahead, and win the prize. The sooner the young can find an element in the work of full consecration, the easier it will be for them through life. They never can fully realize the benefit thus derived, only as they travel. I have seen those who had never felt the necessity of giving1 up all, while young, when the trial of their faith came upon them, later in life, their struggles would be so great, that they could hardly resist them ; and some of them fell by the way. When I saw cases like these, it heightened my veneration and gratitude to my early teachers, for through them, I was made able to stand in the hour of trial, and temptation. All I can say in my own behalf is, that I obeyed their teachings in general • but when I deviated, an awakened conscience soon drove me to confession and repentance. Thanks to the Power of Good for this. I feel that I am, and ever shall remain a debtor to my Heavenly Parents and the guardian spirits for all I possess; and am likewise dependant on the saints in, as well as out of the form for much of my support. I feel that the time is drawing near when the veil will be lifted, and many who now dwell in Zion will see things in a very different light from that which they now appear to them. Till this time arrives, we must continue to SHAKER MANIFESTO. 211 wait, hope, pray and trust; for the true and honest hearted will not pray in vain. Our Heavenly Parents never turn a deaf ear to their children's ciy. I hope these lines will find you, and yours» in health and prosperity,—enjoying the rich bounties of heaven, which your faithful labors so truly merit. And may the good spirits in your order, never leave the field, till all Zion's inhabit' f ants are brought into union and harmony o sentiment; having one faith, and one bap tism; the baptism of the true Christ spiritl unmixed with worldly elements. We shal then be prepared for the harvest of souls. Accept love from all, as we have a great store tor you, and circulate as you may feel. Devotedly Yours, Eunice Bathrick Beloved Sister Eunice Bathrick,— prayers and provender hinder no... Mount Lebanon, 1882 Beloved Sister Eunice Bathrick,— 'Prayers and provender hinder no man's journey' is a Spanish proverb. I am going to prove it this morning by writing you. We are remodeling, or repairing our Old Believer's dwelling house. They did well with it. We are trying to do better. This is about the sixth time we have made the attempt. 1st. We put an addition to the North end, in which is our beautiful Meeting Room. 2nd. We dug a cellar under the North part of the house, in which we put a Boiler for heating the whole house with steam. The steam also goes to and warms the Sister's Shop, some six rods away. Heavy iron Radiators, weighing about (500 lbs., have done good service in warming 26 rooms and keeping the house from blowing over by the powerful East winds that used to tumble down the mountain like a cataract of water, until arrested by the growth of the Union Grove, containing some 70 varieties of trees. Now we have peace, when the East wind roars only a short distance away. 3rd. We added a story to the top of the house by merely raising the ridge 2, or 3 feet and putting on a flat, instead of a steep roof. 4th. We added to the South end of the house, rooms for the Elders and Deacons to labor and lodge in. 5th. Outside, we built a Rain-water Cistern that receives the water from three large and two small roofs. 6th. We are digging the whole length of the house, on the East side, 10 feet wide, from 8, to 13 feet deep. This will make Coal Reservoirs, one at the North and one at the South end of the house, with an Oven in the middle, adding space to the Kitchen and Bakeroom. Two old single brick Chimneys we take down and build one good double brick chimney in place of them— connect the fire from Boiler and Oven with the new chimney at the South end, by 73 ft of 19 inch Tena Cotta Flue Pipe, under ground. Why. should we be bound by matter'' In the Spirit World, the material elements are more plastic than here. Progressive minds can change, model and remodel to express their inward thoughts in outward things, quite easily. But dull, sleepy souls can have every thing 'just as it used to was'—as long as the}' please. Time, there, is condition. There are souls in the spirit spheres, who remain, for age upon age, in the same state— Jesus visited some of these long ago people . Then they saw a great light and heard the last trump, saying 'Awake, theu,that sleepeth, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light.' Some did awake, saw, heard and went up one degree. But you, dear Mother Eunice, will never thus die.— You are Resurrected—The body clogs your spirit somewhat, but just as soon as you drop it 'Glory to the Righteous' will be the first salutation you will recognize—Friends will flock around you like doves to the windows, and after a little rest, amid much rejoicing, you will have your field of labor assigned to you. Work will be given that will be worship. To do good, to less favored ones, will be your meat and drink. Love from all of the North Family. F. W. Evans.