JUVENILE FABLE. The Wolf and the Crane A wolf having a bone stuck in his throat, hired a crane, for a large sum, to put her head into his throat and draw out the bone. When the Crane had extracted the bone, and demanded the promised payment, the Wolf, grinning and grinding his teeth, exclaimed: 'Why, you have surely already a sufficient recompense, in having been permitted to draw out your head in safety from the month and jaws of a wolf.' In serving the wicked, expect no reward, and be thankful if you escape injury for your pains. Aesop I CAN AND I WILL I CAN AND I WILL. How many, boys there are who can, but never do, because they have no will-power, or if they have, do not use it! Before undertaking to perform any task you must carefully consider whether you can do it, and once convinced that you are able to accomplish it, then say, 'I will do it,' with a determination that you will never give up till it is done, and you will be successful. The difference between 'Give up' and 'I cant,' and 'I can and I will,' is just the difference between victory and defeat in all the great conflicts of life. Boys, adopt your motto, 'I can and I will,' and victory shall be yours in all life's battles. 'lean and I will' nerves the arms of the world's heroes to-day, in whatever department of labor they are engaged. 'I can and I will' has fought and won all the great battles of life and of the world. I know a boy who was preparing to enter the junior class of the New York University. He was studying trigonometry, and 1 gave him three examples for his next lesson. The following day he came into ray room to demonstrate his problems. Two of them lie understood, but the third—a very difficult one— he had not performed. I said to him : -'Shall I help you?' 'Mo sir,' he answered, 'but I can and will do it, if you will give me a little more time.' 1 said : '1 will give you all the time you wish.' The next day he came into my room to recite another lesson in the same study. 'Well, Simon, have you worked that example?' 'No, Sir,' he answered, 'hut I can and I will do it, if you will give me a little more time.' 'Certainly; yoix shall have all the time you desire.' I always like those boys who are determined to do their own work, for they make our best scholars, and men, too. Again Simon entered my room, I knew he had it, for his whole face told the story of his success. Yes, he had it, notwithstanding it had cost him many hours of the severest mental labor. Not only had he solved the problem, but what was of infinitely greater importance to him, he had begun to develop mathematical powers which, under the inspiration of 'I can and I will' he has continued to cultivate, until to-day he is professor of mathematics in one of our largest colleges, and one of the ablest mathematicians of his years in our country. My young friends, let your motto ever be, 'if I can, I will.' New York Evangelist