PETER AYERS BY HENRY C. BLINN The subject of our sketch was born in Voluntown Conn. Sep. 12, 1760. He was of German descent and a man of remarkable physical endurance. Lovingliberty more than he loved life, he entered the army as a volunteer and had the pleasure of witnessing the surrender of Gen. Burgoyne at Bemis' heights, Oct. 1(5, 1777. In the year 1854 when Peter was 94 years of age he related to the writer ot this notice, the following ; 'At the age of 14 years I removed to the State of New York, with my parents, and remained with them till about twenty years of age. In the month of May,' 1780, I heard of Mother Ann and the Elders, who then resided at Niskeyuna and came to the conclusion to visit them. Previous to this I had convictions in my mind re- SHAKEE MANIFESTO. 201 specting my lost condition, and had been blessed with spiritual manifestations in which were represented those whom we call the people of God. The exact likeness of this vision I afterward found to be in Mother Ann and her followers. At the time of my first visit to this religious order, I thought I would take express pains, in regard to myself, and not be deceived by any one. My visit was one largely fraught with curiosity, as I at this time supposed them to be a deluded people. In order to be doubly guarded, I concluded to take some food with me, that I need not be obliged to accept an invitation to eat at their table. I was very kindly received and conversed freely with several of the Shakers, upon the matters of common interest, till the first half of the day had nearly passed away. Being at this time in conversation with Elder John Hocknell, he extended an invitation for me to dine with them, when Mother Ann immediately remarked, 'We will let our brother Peter eat the food which he has brought with him, as he prefers to do that, rather than to dine with us.' How Mother knew my mind in this respect, I am unable to tell, as I was very careful of my words, in regard to the course I had chosen to follow. They then invited me to remain with them over the Sabbath, and Elder John Hocknell said very kindly and seriously, 'Young man, you ought this day to confess your sins to God, and .live a new life ; I told him 'I knew it was a wicked spirit that made me commit sin, and it was wrong to keep the works of darkness hid, but it was my choice to return home, as I wished to labor in my mind respecting what I had seen and heard. While I was maturing this thought, Mother Ann said, 'Let Peter go home to his parents, and have time to labor in his mind, and then he can come again.' When Mother Ann spoke this, I thought she knew me, and could discover the innermost feelings of my heart. Subsequently I visited Mother Ann and the Elders, three times, before I fully concluded to abide by their counsel. It was revealed to me that they ¦Acre the people of God, and I was fully persuaded that I was called to accept their testimony, and to take up my cross against a sinful life. I made mention of this to Father James Whittaker, and he said to me, 'It is the gift of God.' Soon after this I made a confession of my life to Elder John Hocknell and also to Father William Lee. Once, I saw Mother Ann and the Elders at Steventown and attended worship with them. Several persons stood by the door, as spectators, and Mother, invited them to come in and take part in the service. I was at meeting in Hancock Mass, at the house of Stephen Fitch. A mob gathered around the bouse while Father William Lee was speaking. Several of the brethren went oiit among the mob but Elder John Hocknell advised us all to return to the house. Mother Ann then spoke very kindly to these persecutors but they were very unreasonable in their replies, s,nd in their false accusations. It was of but little consequence to this reckless mob what the words or actions were, if they could only find some pretext whereby to accuse Mother Ann and her followers. They asked Father William what he had to say ; 'I am clear of your charges, before God and his angels.' Mother Ann, Father William and Hannah Kendall were, 202 SHAKER MANIFESTO. however, arrested and tried and fined $6.25 each.' Such, is the injustice of a hypocritical and sectarian jury. 'At one time I was engaged in the hauling of lumber to Albany. My wagon was formed of only one long board, one end of which was attached to the forward axletree, and the other of the board to the rear one. On my return home I overtook six sisters who had been on a visit to Niskeyuna, now Watervliet. They belonged in Hancock, a. distance of 30 miles. By invitation, they accepted a ride on my carriage for some ten miles, which brought us to the residence of my parents. My mother accommodated them for the night, and soon after breakfast they left for their own hon\es. We now learned that these sisters had only a few days previous traveled from Hancock to Watervliet. on foot. About three years previous to the gathering of the church at New Lebanon, N. Y. I accompanied Father Job Bishop, John Barnes and David Darrowon a journey to Alfred, Gloucester, Canterbury and Enfield.' (TO BE CONTINUED.)