Books and Papers The Household The Household is a Journal devoted to the interests of the American House-wife. Geo. E. Cbowxix, Editor. BrattleboroVt. Its departments are The Veranda, Drawing Room, Conservatory, Nursery, Library, Music, Dispensary, Dressing Room, Dining Room, Kitchen and Parlor. Every Department is abundantly filled with interesting &amp; instructive matter, and cannot be otherwise than an ever present aid to those who are so fortunate as to enjoy its presence. Terms, $1.10 per. year. Single copy, 10 cents. Universal republic of labor and learning The Universal Republic of Labor and Learning, by George Prindle. The work is addressed to those who love truth, purity and pacific progress. Quiz 'Quiz,' A Meekly Journal for the Family. Edited by Florence I. Duncan. Devoted to Fun, Fancy, Family, Education, Progress &amp; Eumanity. By Quiz Publishing Co. .1012, Walnut St. Philadelphia. $2.50 per year. Phrenological journal Phrenological Journal. Aug. Pub. by Fowler and Wells, 753 Broadway, N. Y. Contents. A. Wilford Hall, author of the problem of human Life,—with Portrait, is conscience Innate? Silk Culture and the silk worm, Illustrated. Gen. Garibaldi, with Portrait, Historical Problems, Alexander H. Stevens, with Portrait, Errors in the government of children, (roinginto Business, The Pulse and its significance, The gloomy Brother, Skin diseases, Notes in Science and Agriculture, Poetry, Editorial. Terms $2.00 per year. Hall's journal of health Hall's Journal of Health .July. Pub. by E. H. GlBBS A. M., M. D. No. 135 Eighth St., near Broadway, N. Y. Contents, Pneumonia, Care of children, Health Capacity, Facts worth rernemberiug, Feeding Horses, Pure water, Servant Girls, Human Health, Ventilation, Insanity, A sick mind, The aim of Life, The human Teeth, Sleep, Finger nails, Remedy for Cough, Throat ail etc., etc. Terms $2 a year. Herald of health Herald of Health. August. Pub. byM. L. Holrrook M. D. 13 and 15 Laight St., N. Y. Contents. Hygienic Habits of the Hindoos, Rural Wells, Deformities transmitted, Why some women are not strong, Vivisection. Our exercise. Causes of Nervousness, Topics of the Month, Sanitary Charity, Shaker Longevity, Anti Malarious plants, etc., etc. Studies in Hygeine 3TOB WOMEN, Medical studies for women. Sanitary science in a university, Diet for Invalids, Two ways of Living, etc. etc. Terms $1.00 a Year. Rip Van Winkle RIP VAX WINKLE AGAIN. The ever-delightful 'Rip Van Winkle' is 'waking up' lately in tens of thousands of American homes where only his fame has heretofore entered. The Useful Knowledge Publishing Company, New York, has published this and other of the famous sketches of Washington Irving in an exquisite little volume, as beautiful as often finds a place in the homes of ordinary mortals, and at a mere pittance in price,—15 cts. in Utility binding, 25 cts. in cloth, 35 cts. in half Russia, and 40 cts. in extra cloth, red line, gilt edges. These are being scattered broadcast as specimens of the quality of book making and of the marvellously low prices of this new publishing company; and they are winning for them the friendship of tens of thousands who delight in beautiful books as well as in cheap and good literature. Enterprising booksellers will supply their publications, and club agents and canvassers are wanted in eveiy county and town, to whom very unusual terms and facilities are given. Catalogues with specimen pages and terms will be sent upon request. The National Associated Press The National Associated Press, to which The Boston Daily Globe and Sunday Globe belong, has recently been reorganized, and has leased a special wire from New York to New England of the Western Union Telegraph Company. On Monday, August 14, The Boston Globe begun to receive its general news on a wire which runs directly into its editorial rooms from New York, the great centre of news of all kinds. Two or three papers in'the country have special wires to Washington, but we believe this is the first instance in American journalism where a daily newspaper has been able to secure its general news on a special wire into its editorial rooms.