Letter Box Dear Children;—You are sowing on the field of... Enfield, Conn. May, 1882 Dear Children;—Yoti are sowing on the field of life. Be sure that the sesd is good. Now is the time to sow seeds of truth and virtue. Golden opportunities are often not valued till they are gone. Sowing 'wild oats' is a poor investment; sowing to the spirit yields a good return for expenditure. You cannot sow 'tares' and reap wheat. You cannot walk the broad road and the narrow path at the same time. You are sowing the seeds of life and happiness, or of death and misery. 'You'll surely reap the harvest from the seed you daily sow; you scatter thorns or roses, what you cultivate will grow.' 'Thorns never bear figs nor thistles grapes.' Each field produces a harvest of the seed sown; each act of your lives is a seed sown, which will produce a crop, and the harvest will be the same as was the sowing, not something else. If you sow 'tares' you will reap vices. 'One year's weed, sevren year's seed.' Let the product of your lives be such as you will be proud to garner. Be pure, then each act will be a fruitful seed. Sow the seeds of truth and virtue, then the blossoms will be SHAKER MANIFESTO. 213 the perfect ones of hope and cheerfulness, and the fruit, real happiness and joy. 'If you sow the seeds of sin, corruption youwilj gather in : if you to the spirit sow, life eternal you will know.' Think not lightly of these things. Guard well the gaps through which temptation enters your souls. There is a powerful incentive to gain the overcomer's regard. There is honor and eternal life before you. Your hearts are rich in possibilities, but as you sow you will reap golden grain q,r anxious weeds. Your brother, Daniel Orcutt Our Dear S. ;—Your oft repeated request for... Shaker Village, New Hampshire Our Dear S. ;—Your oft repeated ¦ request for a letter has not fallen upon a dull ear, nor appealed to a heart unconcerned in your welfare. We never look upon you without hoping and earnestly desiring that you may ever be an honor in the Virgin Church; unspotted, unblemished, ever growing, and finally ripening into a glorious spiritual womanhood,—a fruit which shall be acceptable to your Father and Mother in God. Your earthly parents have given you in prayerful dedication upon the altar; it remains with you to consummate the sacrifice. There is no power on earth able to overthrow your foundation if it is fixed upon heavenly principles; if you daily commit your life to God through prayer, earnest trust and simple obedience. These are the safe guards of youth; the companions of middle life; and the staff of old age. Be wise in the improvement of your time. Learn to accept life's trials and obligations in such a way, that they will serve to refine the mind and polish the manners. In the time being, they may seem of but little account ; but as the days and years pass away, you will find that interest is borne to you in the degree only, that you have accumulated, grain by grain, your treasure. If you improve all the little opportunities for culture, as they come to you, and every day offers them, j'ou will thereby enlarge yotir capacity for doing good in whatever field you may be called to labor. Every opportunity neglected is a seed sown for future repentance. Let us just here transcribe a few lines# which we once came across, entitled 'Opportunity.' 'Say who art thou with more than mortal air Endowed by Heaven with gifts and graces rare, Whom restless, winged feet forever onward bear? Ii.m occasion—known to few, at best, And since one foot upon a wheel I rest, Constant my movements are—the}7 cannot be repressed. Not the swift eagle in his swiftest flight Can equal me in speed, toy wings are bright ; And man who sees them waved is dazzled by the sight. Whom then so close behind thee do 1 see? Her narne is Penitence ; and Heaven's decree Hath made all those her pro}-, who profit not by me. And thou, O mortal, who dost vainly fly These curious questions, thou dost not descry That now thy time is lost, for I am passing by ! Is not this a beautiful portrayal of the sad idea of lost opportunities? A motto suspended in tlie Ironing room, which has attracted our attention many times suggesting thought, reads thus; 'Our life is what we make it,'—Our dear young friend, may your life be made happy by cheerful obedience to divine precepts, by fixing your affections upon enduring, heavenly things, rather than upon earthly objects and perishable pleasures. The latter promise much, while they confer the least; the indulgence only widens the distance between the soul and its eternal peace. Could we picture your future as that of an earthly queen, the position would be far inferior in our estimation, to that of our sweet angel sister, clad in robes of purity, and wearing the coronet of virtue, this, we anticipate for our Sister. Hold on to Truth, it will outride all trial; hold on to Purity, it is the gem of all gems; the pearl of great price, the passport to the courts of the redeemed in Heaven, where you shall continue to grow in the love and favor of the Highest Intelligence. We shall ever love and pray for you. Your Sister E. Martin