NOTES Occasionally we have placed before us... Occasionally we have placed before us an illustrated article referring to the cultivation of the mind, which appeals so directly and so largely to our best judgment that we take pleasure in making reference to it. In the American Phrenological Journal for July we have the portrait of a West African boy, a King's son, at the age of 15 years, and then another portrait of the same individual after a cultivation of six years by the missionaries of that country. The contrast is remarkably clear and withal very interesting. The change is, probably, no more than might be wrought out on the mind of a white boy and for this reason it should become a valuable lesson to all who are interested in the advancement of humanity. We all understand very well that a neglected garden soon becomes overrun with weeds and many of the valuable plants may be wholly or partially ruined, and yet this is no more apparent than it is that the neglected or undisciplined mind, in a few years, become careless, coarse and sensual. On the other hand the careful gardener destroys all the weeds and useless plants and makes his garden a place of profit and of pleasure. Two much cannot be said in encouragement of the care and culture of the mind ; to afford an education that will banish ignorance and superstition. It must prove very satisfactory to know that a change can be so effectually wrought, that even a few years of right doing will efface many of the marks of transgression, and that by faithfully living in the works of righteousness we may be redeemed from all wrong. Clean hands and a pure heart... Clean hands*and a pure heart must aid very largely in forming an acceptable offering. Destitute of this simple preparation, all forms and ceremonies lose their vitality and the service of worship becomes a representation of the letter which killeth. Whatever we may be led to do, the best that we have in our possession should constitute our gift for presentation before the Lord. Mutilated offerings must prove as objectionable in this day, as in the early religious history of mankind. The Apostle, evidently had this Si:xsri^i:]vi35nBii, SHAKER MANIFESTO. 207 thought on his mind when he wrote that it was a 'living sacrifice, holy and acceptable' that should be prepared. Anything less than this would be selfish and destroy the very object for which the offering1 was made Cleanliness comes very near... Cleanliness comes very near to godliness. To reach this desirable state make frequent use of the bath. A variety of ways have been proved to be quite beneficial for the health, such as plunge, hand, towel, sponge or shower bath. One in limited circumstances can bathe effectually with one quart of water, while the more fortunate can use a more liberal supply. The temperature of the water should be made agreeable to the one who uses it. By some advisers, water at 75 degrees would be called cold ; others prefer a lower temperature. Use a little common sense apd you will not be harmed : without this, bathing, like eating and drinking may be carried to a ruinous excess. We have known persons to pamgc into a bath which was at freezing point, and others to stand on the ice for a shower bath. These may be heroic for cleanliness, but destructive to health. Study some good work on the subject of bathing and then follow the directions for your own health and for the comfort of your friends. Calvin G. Reed teacher. I visited this school on... Mt. Lebanon, N,Y,. Dis. No. 12. Calvin G. Reed teacher. I visited this school on the 13 of Jan. I found everything in perfect order, and can speak in the highest terms, both of the teacher and scholars. The school-room was in perfect order, supplied with globes, charts, maps, Webster's Unabridged Dictionary, and every thing that is needed for teacher and scholars. The order was perfect and recitation superior to schools in Columbia County. The attendance was the best in the Second Commissioner District, being 95 per. cent. The teacher's success did honor to himself as a teacher, and honor to the Society. Penmanship was one of the good qualities of the school, but reading was a success. The pronunciation was clear and distinct. Each word was accented correctly, and the scholars understood what they read. I was well pleased with the reading exercises. The interest the Shakers take in education is very commendable. I regret that more of our Public Schools do not take a deeper interest in our schools and bring them up to the standard of the school at Mt. Lebanon. The teachers attend the Institutes and Association, and are ready to catch every new idea or new method ; therefore 'their teachers are well posted in all the New Methods now in use. Isaac T. Haight. School Commissioner The North Family at Mt. Lebanon maintain a private school... The North Family at Mt. Lebanon maintain a private school and afford their pupils the best of advantages.