Dear Friend: Your kind invitation to attend with... Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. August 5, 1882 Frederic E. Whipple, Dear Friend: Your kind invitation to attend with a company o: singers your great gathering for the noble purpose of bringing War to an end, is a hand. I assure you nothing would give mt more pleasure than to be in your midst anc to bring with me a band of our spiritual singers. I would also dearly enjoy your singing1, and to hear the eloquent utterances of your speakers, both male and female, would be a high intellectual treat. Also, to meet anc greet such friends of Peace and advocates o1 virtue as gather around your honored President, Alfred Love and Amanda Deyo, would be good for my constitution of both body and mind. The primary causes of War must be fearlessly sought out. When these are found, the Mystery of Iniquity will be revealed. Light makes manifest! What is it in human nature that in a straight, makes physical fighters out of intellectual nonresistants? In an emergency, wherefore do even the Friends, furnish their quota of soldiers? Indeed, may we not candidly ask ourselves; Why it is that War has been and is, so nearly universal? Effects so wide spread, so general, must have producing causes that are equally present in the hearts of human beings everywhere. What are they? Can they be removed? If so, by whojn and through what agency? Perhaps, when the Peace advocates adopt the Buddhist principle of 'Thou shalt not kill,' the axe oi reform will have been put to the root of the evil tree of War and violence. Another Buddhist principle is ; Use no intoxicating beverages. How much of the warspirit of the English nation, ar.d of the AngloSaxon race in general, is due to their Hullbeef diet, we may come to know before we cease to grow in grace and in the knowledge of God and nature. It is certain that a few flesh-eating Englishmen hold in subjection the millions, of rice-eating men, women and children of India. The Americans are a meat-eating people, and uatil the last quarter of a century, were eminently a pork-eating people. That they are a fighting nation is not disputed; and if the Egyptian Israelites had more diseases than the toothless Americans, no wonder the Lord changed their diet for forty years,— medical treatment. When Temperance lecturers, first began making converts, they did not preach total abstinence from beer, cider, or even wine. Neither did Lincoln begin the Civil War with Slavery emancipation, but with it he ended the war and slavery together. Is it not thus with Peace-advocates ? Beginning with ; Thou shalt not kill human beings, nor eat them, they will end flesh-eating and War together by simply saying, Thou shalt not kill. It is possible that I, with one brother, may appear in your midst as spectators. I should so love to witness your proceedings. But it is quite uncertain. With most fraternal greetings. Your Friend, F. W. Evans