Our Dear S. ;—Your oft repeated request for... Shaker Village, New Hampshire Our Dear S. ;—Your oft repeated ¦ request for a letter has not fallen upon a dull ear, nor appealed to a heart unconcerned in your welfare. We never look upon you without hoping and earnestly desiring that you may ever be an honor in the Virgin Church; unspotted, unblemished, ever growing, and finally ripening into a glorious spiritual womanhood,—a fruit which shall be acceptable to your Father and Mother in God. Your earthly parents have given you in prayerful dedication upon the altar; it remains with you to consummate the sacrifice. There is no power on earth able to overthrow your foundation if it is fixed upon heavenly principles; if you daily commit your life to God through prayer, earnest trust and simple obedience. These are the safe guards of youth; the companions of middle life; and the staff of old age. Be wise in the improvement of your time. Learn to accept life's trials and obligations in such a way, that they will serve to refine the mind and polish the manners. In the time being, they may seem of but little account ; but as the days and years pass away, you will find that interest is borne to you in the degree only, that you have accumulated, grain by grain, your treasure. If you improve all the little opportunities for culture, as they come to you, and every day offers them, j'ou will thereby enlarge yotir capacity for doing good in whatever field you may be called to labor. Every opportunity neglected is a seed sown for future repentance. Let us just here transcribe a few lines# which we once came across, entitled 'Opportunity.' 'Say who art thou with more than mortal air Endowed by Heaven with gifts and graces rare, Whom restless, winged feet forever onward bear? Ii.m occasion—known to few, at best, And since one foot upon a wheel I rest, Constant my movements are—the}7 cannot be repressed. Not the swift eagle in his swiftest flight Can equal me in speed, toy wings are bright ; And man who sees them waved is dazzled by the sight. Whom then so close behind thee do 1 see? Her narne is Penitence ; and Heaven's decree Hath made all those her pro}-, who profit not by me. And thou, O mortal, who dost vainly fly These curious questions, thou dost not descry That now thy time is lost, for I am passing by ! Is not this a beautiful portrayal of the sad idea of lost opportunities? A motto suspended in tlie Ironing room, which has attracted our attention many times suggesting thought, reads thus; 'Our life is what we make it,'—Our dear young friend, may your life be made happy by cheerful obedience to divine precepts, by fixing your affections upon enduring, heavenly things, rather than upon earthly objects and perishable pleasures. The latter promise much, while they confer the least; the indulgence only widens the distance between the soul and its eternal peace. Could we picture your future as that of an earthly queen, the position would be far inferior in our estimation, to that of our sweet angel sister, clad in robes of purity, and wearing the coronet of virtue, this, we anticipate for our Sister. Hold on to Truth, it will outride all trial; hold on to Purity, it is the gem of all gems; the pearl of great price, the passport to the courts of the redeemed in Heaven, where you shall continue to grow in the love and favor of the Highest Intelligence. We shall ever love and pray for you. Your Sister E. Martin