IDEAS OF INSPIRATION JASON POOL The Church was established by Divine revelation, and the leaders, afterwards, were, no doubt gifted with inspiration to lead the people. It is quite possible for a person to be inspired and not be folly aware of it, the quantity being very small. Although the principles of the gospel are'not contrary to reason, yet, human reason may not always be sufficiently developed to comprehend the gospel plan, hence it was necessary to discard this lower phase, when it ^ame in contact with revelation. Reason, in man, is of a progressive nature, and on this account he was destined to come to a point where he could see and understand for himself. When we take a survey of the great progress that has been made in the arts and sciences ; and the many useful inventions that have been discovered, we are inclined to believe that the capacity for comprehending the philosophy of the Christian religion is pretty well developed. On the whole, mankind seem to be very much opposed to the investigation of any theological subject with an unprejudiced mind especially if it should result in establishing a doctrine which would come across their own natural feelings and inclinations. Some are very slow to give up preconceived opinions, and unless they obtain positive evidence to the contrary, will cling unyieldingly to them. On this account it is highly necessary that some should be able to throw a clear light on the darkness of theory and speculation. It may be necessary for some one to do for theology what Sir Isaac Newton did for natural philosophy. All who believe in a kind Providence, must also believe that when there is a necessity which belongs to a superior power to supply, it will eventually be supplied. Implicit faith in modern revelation is becoming very weak. Transgressors will commit all kinds of crime and then claim to be inspired. In view of this fact, one writer well observes :—'I believe in the revelation of God : in modern as* well as in ancient revelation. But it is to be considered that a revelation to me is not necessarily a revelation to others. No person is under obligation to believe a thing because it has been revealed to me, unless I can show him convincing evidence that such a thing has, indeed,' been revealed from God. Neither am I obliged to receive a thing because another says it has been revealed to him. It may be a revelation to him, but it is not therefore a revelation to me : neither am I bound to believe it on his testimony. If the thing be revealed to me by the Spirit, I know it to be true from the testimony of the spirit, but if it be revealed to another, I cannot receive it without the proof.' Hancock, Mass.