House-hold Use wire-rope for clothes-line... Use wire-rope for clothes-line. It saves annoyance, is cheaper in the longrun, and much more convenient GOOD COOKIES 3 cups of sugar 3 eggs 1 cup sour cream 1 teaspoonful saleratus 1 ' cream tartar Flour to stiffen, roll thin, or drop, bake in a hot oven To Repair Cracks in Walls —Equal parts of plaster of Paris and white sand, such as is used in most families for scouring purposes, mixed with water to a paste, applied immediately and smoothed with a knife or a flat piece of wood will make the broken place as good as new. The mixture hardens quickly, so that it is best to prepare but a small quantity at a time. Exchange Breathing Dirty Air —Think of the air of church, theater and crowded parlor. Go into such from the fresh air an hour after the company has assembled. How heavy the air with personal affluvia and rebreathedbreath. Pah! these delicate women have no thought of what they are doing. Offer such an one a cup of ditch water; would she drink it? Would she drink it if it contained even a speck? No. And yet think of it: in unventilated rooms and crowded assemblies, we inhale dirty air—air which has washed out other lungs than ours, some of them probably in 11 state of disease ! Such air contains personal impurities, particles from the lungs, uncleanly odors. Such air drawn into sensitive lungs—lungs which are only waiting to spring into inflamed conditions—creates disease. God gives us pure air. Is it not a sin and a shame that we do not keep it pure? Dr. Hamilton Osgood The sick room should be quiet, cleanly, and well aired. Label all medicines. Poison should be placed above the reach of children. A good nurse has a very steady hand, a clear head, and a kind heart; she is not talkative or nervous. Avoid arguments with the sick; do not tease them with business ; do not sit or lean on the bed. If a friend calls on a patient their stay should be very short. The practice of visiting the sick on the Sabbath is a very poor one ; that day often thus becomes the most fatiguing of all of them. As a general thing do not go into a sick room unless you go to help and not to talk. Do not deceive the sick; deceit breeds suspicion: they will worry lest you are 'keeping something from them.' To persuade the dying that they will recover is treason against the interests of the soul. It soothes and cools a fevered patient to wash them with warm water in which saleratus or soda has been dissolved.