Dearly Beloved Elders ;—While sitting by my window, this fine pleasant... Harvard, Mass. 1882 [The following beautiful letter was written by our aged mother, Eunice Bathrick of the Society of Har. Yard, Mass, and addressed to the Elders of the North family at Mount Lebanon. Sister Eunice lias lived with the Believers since early childhood, and has now reached her eighty eighth year. ] Harvard, Mass. 1882. Dearly Beloved Elders ;—While sitting by my window, this fine pleasant morning, and listening to the birds, as they chant their hymns of praise to the Author of all Good, my spirit is drawn to you, my precious friends, and all the dear ones in your Order, many of whom seem to be present, as I take my pen, to address you. Were it not for this soul communion, my spirit would hunger, and thirst more deeply; but this sustains me, and bears me up, as I journey to the land beyond. I often feel the presence of loved ones, who are still in the form, and take pleasure in their visits ; still I sometimes crave something more tangible ; and so I inquire 'How are all the good Elders,—dear Brethren and Sisters at the North Family, Mount Lebanon? By letters received from Canaan by sisters M. and E. we learn of the beautiful spirit manifestations with which you are blessed. We hope we may be like favored, in our turn. I long to hear the voice of our spirit friends, through whomsoever they may choose, as mediums to convey their messages, even if it is through little children. It is true, I enjoy the presence of the dear loved ones who have long since passed the river, and they comfort me, and give me strength to bear the infirmities of age; but I wish for the sake of others, that we may have something more tangible,—some further proof of their presence than any thing which I can convey. I earnestly pray that something may take place, to draw the mind,—the attention of the young and inexperienced from worldly pleasures, and all that attracts downward. If they can once gain an element in spiritual things, worldly pleasures soon loose their charms, or so I found it, and I think I am not an exception in this case. Never-ceasing thanks to Mother Ann's first horn; for this; for had they not shown me the beauties of the more excellent way,-— and heightened my aspirations to obtain a growth in the work of purification while in my youth, I might have fallen, as some of my companions did in the hour of trial. But when this time came, my love for the pleasures of nature was gone; and I had nothing to look to, but to press ahead, and win the prize. The sooner the young can find an element in the work of full consecration, the easier it will be for them through life. They never can fully realize the benefit thus derived, only as they travel. I have seen those who had never felt the necessity of giving1 up all, while young, when the trial of their faith came upon them, later in life, their struggles would be so great, that they could hardly resist them ; and some of them fell by the way. When I saw cases like these, it heightened my veneration and gratitude to my early teachers, for through them, I was made able to stand in the hour of trial, and temptation. All I can say in my own behalf is, that I obeyed their teachings in general • but when I deviated, an awakened conscience soon drove me to confession and repentance. Thanks to the Power of Good for this. I feel that I am, and ever shall remain a debtor to my Heavenly Parents and the guardian spirits for all I possess; and am likewise dependant on the saints in, as well as out of the form for much of my support. I feel that the time is drawing near when the veil will be lifted, and many who now dwell in Zion will see things in a very different light from that which they now appear to them. Till this time arrives, we must continue to SHAKER MANIFESTO. 211 wait, hope, pray and trust; for the true and honest hearted will not pray in vain. Our Heavenly Parents never turn a deaf ear to their children's ciy. I hope these lines will find you, and yours» in health and prosperity,—enjoying the rich bounties of heaven, which your faithful labors so truly merit. And may the good spirits in your order, never leave the field, till all Zion's inhabit' f ants are brought into union and harmony o sentiment; having one faith, and one bap tism; the baptism of the true Christ spiritl unmixed with worldly elements. We shal then be prepared for the harvest of souls. Accept love from all, as we have a great store tor you, and circulate as you may feel. Devotedly Yours, Eunice Bathrick