Farm and Garden WHAT AN ACRE OF LAND PRODUCED. A farmer living in Maine makes a statement of what he has raisedsthis year on an acre of land—almost enough, we should think, to support a family. He planted one-third of his acre in corn, and he usually produces thirty bushels of good corn. This quantity was sufficient for his family use, and for fattening two or three large hogs. From the same ground on which the corn stood, he raised two or three hundred pumpkins, and an ample supply of beans. From a bed of six rods square he usually obtains sixty bushels of onions; these he sold for one dollar per bushel, which amount purchased his flour for one year. Thus, from one-third of an acre and an onion bed he obtained his breadstuffs and two or three hundred pounds of pork. The remainder of the ground was appropriated to all kinds of vegetables, for both Summer and Winter use. He also had a flower garden, raspberries, currants, gooseberries in great abundance, and also a few choice apple, pear and quince trees. Mr. George Connor, of Burlington, considers a ton of corn stalks worth more... Mr. George Connor, of Burlington, considers a ton of corn stalks worth more than a ton of hay for cows. He feeds to each milch cow one bushel of finely cut stalks, Wo quarts of bran and two quarts of cobmeal mixed and wet with w ater, both morning and evening. Professor Kedzie, of the Agricultural College of Michigan... Professor Kedzie, of the Agricultural College of Michigan, an expert chemist, recently said that a paint or wash made of skim milk, thoroughly skimmed, and water brine, will render wood uninflammable, and he proved it by experiment. He said this paint, or whitewash, is durable, very cheap, impervious to water, of agreeable color, and, as it will prevent wood from taking fire, urged its use, particularly on roofs, outbuildings, barns, etc. A Mississippi Farmer dashes cold water into the ears of choking cattle... A Mississippi Farmer dashes cold water into the ears of choking cattle. This causes the animal to shake its head violently, and the muscular action dislodges the obstruction. Ex. Winged Guardians. Winged Guardians. The swallow, swift and nighthawk are the guardians of the atmosphere. They check the increase of insects, that otherwise would overload it. Woodpeckers and creepers are the guardians of the trunks of trees. Warblers and flycatchers protect the foliage. Blackbirds, thrushes, crows and larks protect the soil under the surface. Each tribe has its respective duties to perform in the economy of nature ; and it is an undoubted fact that, if the birds were all swept away from off the earth, man could not live upon it, vegetation would wither and die, and insects would become so numerous that no living thing could withstand their attacks.— London Farmer. Bones for Poultry. Bones for the Poultry—The various preparations of pure bones, selected and prepared, as crushed, granulated, bone meal, etc., for feeding to poultry, are becoming each year more popular, and deservedly so. The experience of nearly every one who has given them a faithful trial has bee?- such as to make them constantly patrons of the most reliable venders, it being invariably found that by a judicious use of broken or ground new bone the fowls are healthier, more prolific, stand confinement better, and acquire less bad habits by confinement. Chickens fed on these preparations to the proper extent will grow to a much better size, the use of the bone having the effect to postpone the time when the bones harden or, in common phrase, set. Chicks are, therefore, such for a greater period, and may be kept growing for a longer time by the use of bone preparation.— New York Poultry Journal. The Pear. The Pear.—It is a fact well worthy of note that no matter how|poor may be the season for some one fruit or another, in Pennsylvania at least if not other States, the pear-tree always has fruit. There are of course some years when there are more than others, but it is the rarest of all events in this part of the world for a pear-tree, after it gets to a fair mature bearing age, not to have on all the pears it is fit for it to bear. The cherry may shrivel, blacken and fall, and even the apple may be full of promise and yet yield us next to nothing; but the pear seems to be always on hand. It is true that as a matter for commercial growers of fruit, the apple will always be king, as we have so often contended. They can be barreled, sliced and dried, cidered, and saved and turned to use in so many easy ways, that nothing can compete with it in general usefulness ; but as an article of luxury there is nothing to beat a good pear. As a commercial fruit we do not know that much has ever been made of it. Here and there are large pear orchards returning fair profitable results; but these are but small numbers in comparison with profitable apple orchards ; and we have an idea that this will always be. There is no one who has a piece of ground but ought to have a pear-tree or two, and more than this if he has room. The great family tree should always be the peartree. It will live for a couple of hundred years. What fruit-tree will last so long? Tribune and Farmer.