SIGNS OF THE TIMES ELVAH F. COLLINS 'Lo! there are signs in the heavens, which, all who run may read,' say the prophets of the present day, and which are ominous of near changes. What are these signs ? Let us pause and observe. The life example and teachings of Jesus, nearly nineteen hundred years ago, cast as a lump of leaven among a small portion of humanity has so continued to operate that the fermenting process, previous to the spoiling of the mass is thoroughly in a.ction, and means must soon be taken for the saving of the whole. What better illustration could be given of the rolling, surging tide of human beings, that fill this busy world of ours, whose very lives, ambitions, and destinies, seem honey-combed, through the destructive effects and dissatisfaction of mind and soul, created by its inroads upon society? From the active, thinking mind, of which there are increasingly many, outgrowing the swaddling clothes of churchology, come murmurings of unrest ; longings for something more practical, and reliable, than can be found in nominal religion, which has become too fashionable and world-loving, to contain the new wine in its old bottles, and the true substance of spiritual bread in its eucharist. It is true, that temples dedicated to the Lord's worship, have become so elaborate in structure, so embellished with the hard earned pence of the suffering poor, that the coals of sacred fire kindled on the simple altars of the days of early Christianity, after smouldering among the ashes of man made creeds, are about extinct, the breath of inspiration and free thought has been shut out from these walls of elegance, which to the enlightened, appear as skeletons and from which life has long since departed. How many do we meet who will tell us, that the written sermon, read and reread by the hired ministers, has failed even to give interest? That the non-intelligible language of popular choirs, touches not the heart, nor even awakens our aspiration toward the heavenly, and divine ? Are not these signs of Church infidelity, predictive of the first steps toward advance in a new creation ? Look again, and we see strong agitation'of mind upon dietetic reforms. The ripening harvests of dyspeptics, and invalids, grown from the soil of adulterous mixtures as used on the tables, to supply the demands of the appetite, rather than the sustenance of life ; and the multiplicity of poisonous ingredients, coloring materials, compounded, advertised, and sold by those who love money better than principle, to add to a fine appearance, and perverted taste. This subject is awakening many to a sense of serious results. Some are extreme in their enthusiasm for a reform and hold forth a system of living, as far from good judgment, as is the inordinate, or fastidious epicure's, habit of eating; but, as the pendulum set in violent motion, finally finds its equal poise, or balance, so the outcome of both extremes will be the establishment of a system of cooking and eating, which the rational mind can accept as both comfortable, and healthful. (To BE CONTINUED.)