LONGEVITY OF VIRGIN CELIBATES [Wri ten fob The Alpha.] LONGEVITY OF VIRGIN CELIBATES. Editor of The Alpha :—It is with very great pleasure and respect we witness the good work you and co-workers are doing to reform society relative to its social and moral status. The human family., including all nationsi races and tribes, are, and for untold ages have been, in very abnormal conditions relative to the sexual relations of society, as affecting the physical, mental and spiritual conditions of the race; and through the abnormal development of the passional nature, life is not only vastly shortened, but its few fleeting years are loaded with pains, sorrows, and blighted loves, with physical and mental debility and spiritual blindness, in consequence of the enormous expenditure and waste of vital force that makes miserable and wretched the so-called living, and prematurely loads the grave with millions born and unborn. The abnormal passion-fires are transmitted from parents to children, and untold numbers of physically deformed organizations and monstrosities, and idiotic mentalities are foisted upon society, the fruitage of unbridled lust. It is a solemn truth, taught man by the universal laws of nature, manifest in the positive and negative forces of creation, operating in the mineral, vegetable and animal kingdoms combined, that the use, and the only God-ordained use, of these forces, manifest as sex, is reproduction ; and every sexual desire without the pale of this domain, in its normal sphere, confined to the bounds of generative use, is a sore, an ugly ulcer, on creation's organism. Man, as the crowning link in God's creative chain, was not equipped with animal emotion and sexual passion to enable him to degenerate his race, and cast its lot below the four-legged brute creation. These conditions of the race are terrible, but abnormal facts—monstrous blotches on creation's face ! Had mankind always strictly lived in. 218 SHAKER MANIFESTO. harmony with nature's laws as God instituted them, generation had been as innocent and shameless a work as eating or drinking, and when the physical bearing powers of the mammal sex were exhausted of reproductive vitality sexual commerce would necessarily end. Then, were man only an animal, his heaven would have been perfected. But the human race is possessed of soulspirit, a spiritual body and its vital force, as well as a physical frame and its vitality. The full development and perfection of man on the physical plane could not fill the demands of his angel nature, hence, had he been true to nature's laws in generation, the period of life in time from the cessation of generation to the death of the physical body would be normally spent in sexual seclusion and purity, while the twain developed the angel life and lived in Edenic innocence, and thus living, would have taken the Kingdom of Heaven by normal climbing of the ladder of progressive evolution. The only just foundation for the plan of taking the Kingdom of Heaven 'by violence and force,' as inaugurated by Jesus Christ, has its claims based on the fact of man's degraded and abnormal generative life and corrupt sexual relation—drunk with abnormal desires. The violence and force of teetotalism from the indulgence of scortatory sexual desire, abnormal animalism appears to be the only alternative left to man to harvest him into the Kingdom of Heaven state, a condition above the worldly, earthly order—Oman's culminative normal home ! We observe that some of your antipodes in argument relative to tho effects of strict virgin celibacy on the health of physical manhood, have asserted that strict virgin celibacy contributes to atrophy of the muscular system, shortens life, and induces mental imbecility, and refer to the Shakers as exhibitions of the fact. The positive opposite of these assertions being the fact, as demonstrated by the experience of the Shaker Order for a period of over one hundred years, we doubt not you are so interested in the cause of truth, as we are, that you will take pleasure in giving to the public the facts Ave herewith present you, as follows : On witnessing the discussion between yourself and Dr. Foote, Ave sent a circular to each one of our seventeen Shaker societies, soliciting a statement from their records of the average age at demise of both sexes, and each sex separately, of all who have deceased in each society since the date of its inauguration. The following is a condensed statement of their report: In five of the Shaker families in New Lebanon, Columbia county, N. Y., the number of deaths .froin 1848 to 1850 Avas 29 persons, and their average age was 70^ years—this included both sexes. In a list of deaths of 200 persons in the Shaker society of Alfred, York county, Me., 100 of them Avere over 70 years of age ; 37 Avere from 80 to 90 years ; 13 from i)0 to 9 7 years ; the average of the 200 is 62 years, 9 months, 6 days, 2 hours. These, had been in the society nearly all of their days. They lived as do all true Shakers, a virgin celibate life. In Watervliet society, N. Y., the number of deaths from 1870 to 1880 was 39 ; the average age Avas 73 years. This included both sexes, and those who had been society members most of their lives. SHAKER MANIFESTO. 219 Between 50 and GO years ago the Shakers abandoned the use of all distilled liquors except a mere trifle in medicines. About 40 years ago they abandoned all fermented liquors except a trifle in medicine, also the general use of tobacco in every form, except to kill sheep ticks. About the same time they abandoned ali use of pork, and the consequence of these reforms is, there has been only a very few cases of fevers or cancers during the past 40 years—not a tenth part that there was formerly ; in some societies not a case of cancer during the last 40 years. There are at the present time 14 persons in the New Gloucester, Me., Shaker family who are over 70 years of age, and 7 of these are from 79 to 89 years of age ; all have good use of their limbs, able to go out of doors, and most of them do yet a good day's work of choice. A similar record could be made in several oilier societies. At Watervliet society, N. Y., there were only 3 deaths during 2 years, in a family numbering from 100 to 120 person'.