SHAKER'S PICNIC On Wednesday the 16th inst., the Harvard and Shirley Shakers joined in picnic, or social out-door gathering, on the banks of the Nashua and on the grounds of Adolp. Holden in Ayer. It is a beautiful spot and is well shaded with towering elms, hickory and willows. Seats had been previously provided, swings put up, and boats in river. Here sixty Shakers, including children, met to spend the day and the little ones showed gladness and delight all over their faces. A meeting was called at eleven o'clock for the purpose of hearing what any one had to say. There was singing, declamations, speaking, and dialogues. The exercises were very pleasing and highly interesting. An abrupt adjournment was made to prepare for dinner, which was served in good taste. The viands were excellent and bountiful, and appetites remarkable. Soon after dinner a shower came up and caused a little commotion and hinderance, but was soon over and the bright warm sun dried away the wet, and the pastime was resumed. Another meeting in the afternoon was held and some new pieces of music were finely rendered. Dialogues and some excellent selections of reading followed, which were very interesting. Thus the day was spent and good feeling prevailed throughout, and the occasion was not only very enjoyable, but it is thought profitable and useful in many ways, productive of increased strength and united feeling to struggle on and up life's rugged steep. Near the close an appalling scene occurred, another shower came up suddenly accompanied with thunder and lightning, and a terrific gale, Trees were blown down in all directions and in a small grove where about a dozen horses were tied six trees lay prostrate right among the horses, and strange to say they did not appear at all frightened, and they all came out without a scratch. One or two of the party narrowly escaped a fallen tree. After the gale had subsided the picnic party started for their homes in good spirits all thankful for the remarkable preservation and for the rain which was very much needed. In closing this sketch it is resolved that friend Holden, the owner of the premises, has the sincere and heartfelt thanks of the whole party for neighborly attention and kindness shown. W.W. Turner's Public Spirit