Select The first Watch. —At first the watch was about the size of a dessert plate. It had weights and was used as a 'pocket clock' The earliest known use of the modern name occurs in the record of 1552, which mentions that Edward vi, had 'one larum or watch of iron, the case being likewise of iron gilt. with two plummets of lead.'' The first watch may readily be supposed to have been of rude execution. The first great improvements, the substitution of springs for weights, was in 1560. The earliest springs were not coiled, but only straight pieces of steel. Early watches had only one hand, and being wound up twice a day they could not be expected to keep the time nearer than fifteen or twenty minutes in twelve hours. The dials were of silver and brass, the cases had no crystals, but opened at the back and front, and were four or five inches in diameter. A plain watch cost more than $1,500, and after one was ordered it took a year to make it. TRY THIS THE GOLDEN RULE TRY THIS THE GOLDEN RULE. Best unseetarian Religious Family Weekly; 8 pages, illustrated. On trial to Jan. 1, only 25 cts. Address, (ioi.den Rule, Boston, Mass. Learn to say no... Learn to say no. If a man makes a request of you which you cannot grant, tell him so at once. Don't deceive him. It may make him feel unpleasant toward you for the moment only. If you deceive him. he will hate you all his life, if he does not despise you. Slander —Against slander there is no defence. Hell cannot boast so foul a fiend, nor man deplore so foul a foe. It stabs with a word, with a nod, with a shruV, with a look, with a smile. It is the pestilence walking in darkness, spreading contagion far and wide, which the most wary traveler cannot avoid. It is the heart-searching dagger of the assassin. It is the poisoned arrow whose wound is incurable. It is as mortal as the .'ting of the deadly arrow ; murder is its employment, innocence its prey, and ruin its sport. It was prettily devised of Æsop... It \vas prettily devised of iEsop, the fly sat upon the axle tree of the chariot wheel, and said, 'What a dust do I raise !' So are there some vain persons that, whatsoever goeth it alone or moveth upon greater means, if they have never so little hand in it, they think 'it is they that carry it. —Bacon. Judge not that ye be not judged Judge not that ye be not judged.