AN ART AND INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION IN THE CAPITOL AT WASHINGTON. Under the auspices of the Society of the Army of the Cumberland, for the benefit of the Garfield Monument Fund. The Board of Direction, composed of some of the most prominent names in public life, including members of the Supreme Court, Senators, Members of Congress, Army and Navy officers of high rank, and the first citizens of Washington, send the following to the press: A National Bazaar, Art, and Industrial exposition will be held in the rotunda and adjacent halls, of the National Capitol, at Washington, D. C, November 25th to December 3d, (inclusive), 1882, as authorized by joint resolution of the Senate and House of Eepresentatives, August 7, 1882. The object of this undertaking is to raise funds with which to erect a statue in this city to the memory of General James A. Garfield, late President of the United States, which work is in the hands of a committee of the Society of the Army of the Cumberland, who have already collected for this purpose some twenty thousand dollars and expect, with the results of the exposition, to have a sufficient sum with which to erect a work befitting the great name it is proposed to commemorate. 238 S1IAKER MAN 1FESTO. The art exhibition will be under the direction of the leading artists resident in Washington. It is hoped that artists throughout the entire country, professional and amateurs will aid the work by contributing some one work—as a gift to the fund—to be sold for its benefit, and be willing to exhibit others, under such rules and regulations as may be determined by the Board of Direction. All persons desiring to contribute in any way to this great work are cordially invited to do so, and to proceed in such manner as their judgment may dictate. Contributions from the ladies in the way of needle and fancy work are especially invited ar.d anticipated as one of the more prominent features of the exposition. To manufacturers this exhibition offers op portunities second only to the Centennial Ex position. Occurring on the eve of the assem bling of Congress, and at the season of the year when all the foreign representatives arc at their legations, every exhibit will have the attention, not only of our own representatives but of the representatives of all the eivilizec nations, as well as the representatives of the Press, who will gladly make full mention of all worthy exhibits; this, with the fact that each donation or exhibit contributes so much to a work that must commend itself to every patriotic citizen. All exhibits will bear the name of artist, manufacturer, etc., and will remain in place until the close of the exposition. Arrangements for transportation of exhibits are being made, and details will be given on application to the Board of Direction. Rooms 90 to !)(!, Ebbitt House, Washington, D. C.