BAPTISM OF CONSECRATION OLIVER C. HAMPTON [REPUBLISHED BY REQUEST.] BAPTISM OF CONSECRATION. OLIVER C. HAMPTON. Sweet inspiration's gilded wings Are hovering near the earth, And in her tuneful voice there rings The song of a new birth— A birth to higher, holier life, The burden of her song; A birth from rudimental strife, And every groveling wrong. My spirit feels her quickening power In every quivering nerve, Forever, from this burning hour, Humanity to serve; To move in God's eternal peace, In ministries of love ; To cause the tears of grief to cease Below me, and above ; SHAKER MANIFESTO. 221 To make the bow of hope serene; To span the mourner's sky; To rid earth of the monster sin, And every tear to dry. My inner temple first to cleanse, And live a sinless life, Forgiving foes as well as friends, With patience ever rife. Thus peals sweet inspiration's hymn Across the slumbering years, As on our planet's glittering rim, Her angel form appears. She calls to you, she calls to me, To let our l;ght so shine, That men shall be compelled to see, And own a power divine. The records of the fading years May leave no history bright, Of all our labors, pains and tears, Or arduous upward night. What matter, so we work in love, The work God gives us all, We walk serenely, far above Fame's best or basest call. What though our pilgrimage be lone, And little rest we find, Still they are angels of the throne, Who love and bless mankind. A preacher of reform I'll be, And practice -what I preach, • And purpose of my destiny Sin shall not overreach. So shall I walk heaven's heights sublime And bless my fellow man, While I remain in rolling time, And in my weakness, can. To leave for aye the fogs of sense, The rudimental plane, And take my final journey hence, Far holier heights to gain. Need we in starry realms to peer, To find heaven's blest abode? We walk the heights of heaven here, If loving, pure, and good. Ye saints above, ye saints below, Help me my vows to keep. Henceforward in this path to go, Rich gems for heaven to reap— Rich harvests of the souls of men, Ripe for the realms above; Rich spoils to take from earth's domain, By works of peace and love. Union Village, Ohio.