Juvenile TIME ENOUGH TIME ENOUGH. Two little squirrels out in the sun, One gathered nuts, the other had none. 'Time enough yet,' his constant refrain: 'Summer is still only just on the wane.' Listen, my child, while I tell you his fate : He roused him at last, but he roused him too late. Down fell the snow from the pitiless cloud, And gave little squirrel a spotless white shroud. Two little boys in a school room were placed, One always perfect the other disgraced. 'Time enough yet for my learning,' he said; 'I will climb by and by from the foot to the head.' Listen, my darling, their locks have turned gray; • One as a governor is sitting to-day; The other, a pauper, looks out at the door Of the almshouse, and idles his days as of yore. Two kinds of people we meet every day; One is at work, the other at play, Living uncared for, dying unknown— The busiest hive hath ever a drone. Tell me, my child, if the squirrels have taught The lesson I long to impart to your thought; Answer me this, and my story is done, Which of the two would you be, little one? Domestic Journal Try again. —Everybody makes mistakes. Things will not always come out just as we try to make them, because some little wrong thing is done, or something that needs to be done is overlooked. Well, what then? Shall we get discouraged and let things go as they will? Some people do, but such people have a hard life of it; they think themselves very unlucky, and complain of their hard fate. The little fellow who is at work on his example in multiplication finds he has made a mistake; what does he do? Drop his slate and go off fretting and wishing there were no such things as old bothersome figures? No; lie is puzzled, but he knows there is a mistake somewhere, and he means to find out. 'Try again' is his motto. He will begin again and go slowly and carefully through all the work. If he does not find the mistake then he will do the same again, running through all the lines of the multiplication table in his mind, or making them by additions SHAKER MANIFESTO. on his slate. He will hit on the wrong and get the right, you may be sure. Teacher—Suppose I were to shoot at a tree with five birds on it... Teacher—Suppose I were to shoot at a tree with five birds on it, and kill three, how many would be left? Three, sir. Teacher—No ; two would be left, you dull boy. No ; there wouldn't. The three shot would be left, and the other two would be flied away. Teacher—Take your seat.