LIFE IN THE WOODS GRANVILLE T. SPROAT [Being a narrative of events that occurred during a sojourn of twelve years among the Indians of the North-West.] It was during the summer of 1836, that I started on my journey to visit the Indians of the far North West. I had long been acquainted with the Indians of the border Territories, and, for several years, had taught a school among them, and had long had a desire to visit them in their native forest homes, where they lived uncontaminated by the vices of the white-men. This wish was, at last, gratified. In 1830, they sold the lands which now include the states of Minnesota and Wisconsin, to our Government; and one of the stipulations of the treaty was, that agents should be sent among all those who desired it, to vaccinate them, to prevent the spread of that terrible scourge— the small pox, which had already devastated, and nearly exterminated the once powerful Mandan tribe. I offered my services, and started on my journey, accompanied by an old Indian, for a guide, named, Ma-gwah-gah-bo, (Bear Killer.) My beginning of adventures was with the Ojibway tribe, in the country lying south and west from Lake Superior. With Magwah-gah-bo for a guide, I roamed many a day over those vast plains, and through the wilderness of the North West, traveling by canoes during the summer season, and, in the winter, with our team of six dogs dressed in fantastic little harnesses of red and purple cloth and leather, hung with little bells, for whose music the animals seemed to have a peculiar liking; and drawing a train, or Indian sledge, which is composed of a board of bass wood, lying flat on the snow, with its front end upturned, like the toe of a skate— it being about two feet wide, and twelve feet long. On this we pack ourselves and baggage, and are drawn swiftly over the ice, at the rate of thirty or forty miles a day. We commenced our tour during the summer, in our canoe, and attempted to cross a small bay running up into the south-westeru shores of Lake Superior: It was a beautiful day when we started, and, as we had bu about thirty miles to travel to reach the opposite shore, we apprehended no difficulty; but ere we had got half way across, dark clouds began to gather in the west, and a sudden tempest came on, such as one seldom meets with excepting on the waters of that lake. In a few moments the seas were running mountain high, and our little canoe of about twelve feet in length, was in danger of being swallowed up by the waves. In the midst of all this turmoil, Ma-gwah-gah-bo sat calm and composed, steering the canoe with his little paddle, and chanting to the spirits of the Wind; (Kech-e No-din) at the same time making them an offering, to appease their wrath, scattering tobacco, cut fine and mixed with willow bark, for smoking called nichnecJc, upon the waters. His chant ran something like this ; 'Ke-che No-din! Ke-che Nodin! pe-zan, non-gum, neen no-go-min.' (Spirits of the strong wind, cease your howling ! sleep in quiet!') But the spirits did not cease their howling. They seemed to howl worse then ever,—nearly upsetting our canoe, as I lay prostrate on the bottom, sometimes standing on my feet, and sometimes on my head, and sometimes nearly thrown out of it. At length, the violence of the storm abated, and we reached the shore in safety; but drenched, and dripping, as though we had, ourselves, been the Water Spirits to whom Ma-gwah-gah-bo had sung his ditty. 'The spirits heard my song, and accepted the offering,' said he, 'but they were very angry. I threw away all my tobacco.' 'Your spirits must deal very extensively in tobacco,' I was about to say; but I checked myself, knowing that nothing so offends a red man as to speak disrespectfully, or with levity, of his belief in the existence of spirits. The Indians believe in a numerous class of spirits, who rule the wind and water, enter into a man, and produce disease—evil spirits whose wrath they, by offerings, attempt to appease. Death is a spirit that comes and steals away the breath. His name is Pagook. There is a spirit for Consumption, a spirit for Fever. Hence they deal in necromancy, and charms, to dispel the evil spirits, and invoke the good ones. They also believe in, and often speak of the return of the spirits of the dead. They SHAKER MANIFESTO. 229 say that they often see them, and talk with them. One night, Ke-che Be-zhe-ka (Big Buffalo,) chief of the Ojibways, came into my wigwam. He had been with me the evening before and had left late at night, after spending the evening very pleasantly in friendly conversation. The ensuing evening he came in, seated himself, and bowed his head in deep silence, as if wrapped in solemn thought. ilGushken-dum? nah?' was my first question, (Are you sad?) ^Ka-get' (Yes,) replied the old man. 'I am sad. Listen!—After leaving your wigwam, last night, as I was going home, I thought I heard footsteps close beside me. I looked. There was my wife.' Now, the old man's wife had been dead about a dozen years. 'Well, I did not wish to speak with her last night, as I often do. So I drew my blanket far over my face, and walked directly on. Presently I heard footsteps the other side of me. I looked, and there was my daughter.' The old man's daughter had been dead twenty years. 'I drew my blanket still farther over my face, and went to my wigwam.' 'Now what does this mean? what do you, Pale Faces, say that it means, when the spirits return again from the Land of Souls?' I replied, 'Some of the Pale Faces, but not all of them, do not believe that the spirits return from the Land of Souls.' He said, 'You Pale Faces are not wise. You understand but little, I will tell you what it means. Two of our number will soon go on their journey across the river. One of them, old; the other in the summer of life. And these spirits come, last night, to give me a warning.' (TO BE CONTINUED.)