NOTES 'Line upon line and precept upon precept' is the only successful lesson of life. Through this care of the mind comes the daily self-examination. It forms a discipline by which we are learned to speak and to act. It admonishes us to do for ourselves what it would be impossible for others to do for us, to govern our passions, to rule our tongue and to acknowledge every deviation from a correct principle. It stimulates a regard for faithfulness in all temporal duties and through this we learn to 'use the things of this world without abusing them.' Without this care over the mind there can be but little harmony with goodness, or neatness, or self government. We should prove indifferent teachers in that which we have never learned. Children and youth are to be instructed, and again we learn, that for them it must be 'line upon line.' A life of care and loving kindness must be exercised in performing this duty. Day after day, and month after month is sometimes required to establish a simple phase of discipline in the mind. It seems a long time to work for such simple results and yet it may be a lesson for eternity. Let us exercise patience in our labors of self-instruction and greater patience in the care and cultivation of others. It is reported that there is an extensive business in England in the manufacture of 'gods' for the heathen. While it has been thought necessary by some to send men and women among these worshipers of idols to teach them better things, it may now become equally as necessary to look a little nearer home, and cast the beam out of the Christian eye, that it may be able to see more clearly how to cast out the mote from the heathen eye. The 'Christian at Work' publishes the circular of one of these firms. 'We beg to offer to our Hindoo clients, images of Yamen, the god of the dead, in bronze, very finely carved, also a collection of images of Narundi.' Have a thought for our missionary work ! Retiring so peacefully in our pleasant homes we may without especial care lose sight of the obligation that SHAKER MANIFESTO. 231 should devolve upon us. In our abundance of the good gifts that serve to make our earthly homes those of care and comfort, and our anticipated hope of a heavenly fruition all that one could desire, we may possibly forget to a certain extent that where much is given, much also will be required. Our fathers and mothers were imbued in a remarkable degree with this divine gift. To it they gave all that they possessed, believing that as God, in his mercy, had called them from the sins of the world, they as faithful servants should call others to the same work. First, however, in this beautiful mission should be an interest for the protection and advancement in and around our own homes. The external appearance makes its impression upon the mind, the dwellings, the farm, the garden, the walls and fences are often more potent in their influence upon visitors or enquirers than either the preaching or the praying. To neglect any of these obligations for that which is more foreign, would, indeed be liable to many objections. Home influences and home interests should be thoroughly studied and a home mission established which should include every member. None are ever so far advanced in life as to be beyond the power of doing good, and none are too young to present an offering that may add to the blessing of our community. Canaan, N. Y. Report of School in District No. 1. The boys' department of this school is conducted by Granville T. Sproat, for thirty years a teacher in several different states of the Union ; and for twelve years, among the Indians of the NorthWest. Object teaching receives a large share of his attention. He teaches ideas instead of words ; and text books have largely given place to oral instruction. In physiology, and natural history, some of his more advanced scholars have made much progress; and one of them, a youth of fifteen, wrote a natural history of bees, their manner of building their cells, and managing the affairs of their community, the history of the queen bee, &amp;c. which he read, and was heard with much interest, on the closing day of the winter term of school. The County Commissioner spoke highly of this school, the progress of the scholars, and the pleasant school-room, its kindergarten appearance, it being fragrant with evergreens in the middle of winter. Length of term, 14 weeks. Average attendance, 11 scholars. Summer Term.—Emily Offord is the teacher of the girls' department of this school. Her school comprises many little ones, several of them under 10 years of age. It is conducted chiefly on the plan of Pestallozi. She teaches the alphabet, and combination of letters into words, by means of small cubic blocks, with letters inscribed upon them, thus furnishing amusement as well as instruction. The recent introduction of sectional maps, in the hands of the pupils, gives them a good idea of physical geography. The art of singing is cultivated among her youthful charge, thus giving cheeriness to her labors. On pleasant days in the summer, she often takes her pupils into a neighboring grove, and gives them lessons of instruction among the beautiful scenes of nature. Both school rooms are pleasantly situated, overlooking the well known Shak- 232 SHAKER MANIFESTO. er Valley, among the beautiful Berkshire hills. Length of term, 14 weeks. Average attendance 9. GROVELAND, N. Y. The Society at Groveland maintain a select school, and receive no benefit of public money. Number of pupils usually from five to ten. Recitations good, attendance regular, tardiness rare. Length of term from sixteen to eighteen weeks. School taught by Ella E. Winship. Union Village, Ohio. A letter from Elder Oliver Hampton informs us that they have a Board of Examiners and a Board of Education. Neither of these haye visited their school for several years. Elder Oliver is a member of the Board of Education. We also received the following.—The past school year at Union Village opened Sep. 27, 1881 and closed Apr. 21, 1882. It consisted of two terms of thirteen wreeks each. There were forty four pupils enrolled, with an average daily attendance of thirty two and eight tenths. Pamelia Davis, teacher. White Water and Watervliat have no District schools, having fallen below the legal number of pupils to entitle them to a share in the money appropriated for such schools. The children are now instructed at the expense of the family where they reside.