Books and Papers EVERY WHIT PRETTY The Fly Catcher, The little Birds, The Monarch of the Glen, and The Children at Play, Four very pretty placques, issued by Mbsbbs, C. I. Hood and Co., of Lowell, Mass, and presented to those who purchase the articles that are published on the reversed side of the cards. If the medicines are as pleasant to take as are these ornamental designs, our friends may not be in want of customers. By all means secure one of the neat little placques which may of itself, no doubt, cure a multitude of ills. PHRENOLOGICAL Journal Sept. Pub. by Fowler and Wells, 753 Broadway,N. Y.. Contents. Rudolph Yirchow, the Eminent Physiologist, with Portrait, Fishing for men, Education the true principle for Reform, The true wife and the Usurper, Guiteau's brain, Woman in flood and fire, A remarkable Geyser, Illustrated, Are house plants unhealthful ? Kitchen leaflet, Notes in Science and Agriculture, Poetry, Editorial Items, etc., etc. Terms $2.00 per year. THE NEW LIGHT OF ASIA Edwin Arnold 'The Iliad of India' some call it, and others liken it to Milton's 'Paradise Lost.' Whatever terms may be used to describe it, Edwin Arnold's remarkable poem, 'The Light of Asia,' has certainly won a place among the classics in literature, and the best edition of it will be wanted in every home library. Related to the .religion of India it is not unlike Milton's immortal poem as related to the Christian religion. The new edition just issued by the Useful Knowledge Publishing Company, New York, is perhaps the most beautiful, typographically, which has ever appeared, and is of course far lower in price than any other edition published, which will compare with it, being only 20 cts. ior Utility binding, 30 cts. for the cloth, and 40 cts. for the half Russia, or for the extra cloth gilt edges. This edition is especially valuable, and for that reason will displace every other, and cau^e those who are already supplied with other editions to put them aside and take this because of the sketches of the lives of Edwin Arnold, the author, and of Buddha, the subject, and the numerous illustrative notes explaining the many references to persons, places, customs, etc., which arc necessarily enigmatical to any one not deeply versed in the history, religion, and literature of India. These valuable additions are from the pen of Mrs. I. L. Hi,user, a most competent writer, who was for many years a resident of India, and is known as the author of '-The Orient and its People.' Enterprising booksellers will supply this edition, and canvassers and club agents are wanted everywhere, to whom very unusual terms and facilities are offered by the publishers. Herald of Health . September. Pub. by M. L. Holbrook M. D. 13 and 15 Laight St., N. Y. Contents, Malaria and Malarial Diseases, The SHAKER MANIFESTO. 239 climate of California, Canned Pruit, Health a Duty, The A lanthus Tree, Marriage and Parentage, Sprains treated by Massage, Iced Water, Too careful about Health, Weary Women, Breakfasts, etc., etc. Terms, $1.00 a year. The Golden Rule A BARE OFFER. I'rani tin' EBi»S»li!»5i«'rs of T3a«» S*o2«3«&gt;i« IRu!l« to th« fifie«»«!ers of The .TM«n5fonto. • The Golden Rule is a weekly non-sectarian, religious family paper, published in Boston, at two dollars a year, and is rated one of the best of its class. Xo paper in the country can excel the Golden Rule in attractiveness and intrinsic value. It is the favorite family paper wherever introduced. It has something for every member of the family, and is always pure, bright, helpful, entertaining, and pre-eminently readable. Whenever a fair trial has been given to the Golden Kule it has almost always secured a permanent subscriber. It is on this ground that a new departure is made in the history of newspaper enterprise. Bead the following offer : To any reader of The MANiFEsto, not voiv a subscriber to the Golden Rule, sending US cents in stamps or offierwise, the Golden Rule will be sent from the time the subscription is received to January 1,1883. Although this sum does not nearly cover the actual expense of the paper thus sent, we know that it will be a good investment in the end, as experience has shown that when the pnper has once gained a foot-hold in a family, it is almost sure to become a constant guest. Newspapers are like people; it takes time to get acquainted with them, but when once an attachment is formed, it is hard to break. Write at once, enclosing 25 cents, and mention The Manifesto. You are sure of four times your money's worth, at least. Address, 'The Golden Rule, Boston, Mass.' The publishers of The Manifesto cordially endorse all that is claimed above for the Golden Rule. We consider it a paper of rare merit, and our readers will do well to accept so generous an offer.