LIFE'S JOURNEY ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE Very few minds are capable of fully appreciating the many blessings with which we are surrounded. We dwell in the midst of peace and plenty, while we hear of wars, floods, earthquakes, pestilence and famine in distant lands ; but under the American flag, which waves in the breezes from the shores of the Atlantic to the Pacific, and claims to protect all who take shelter under its folds, in their civil and religious rights, we at the present time are comparatively free ; for which we have cause of rejoicing ; and those especially who are not bound by traditional and churchal creeds, and are so far made free by obedience to truth, that they can worship God according to their conscience, and highest ideal of what is most acceptable, have reason to give thanks. We find in our Zion home, where we are not deluged in party strife and political contests, the boon of sweet peace ; and in our soul communings heart responds to heart, and we can strengthen the fraternal bonds of a brother and sisterhood in our home of peace, founded upon the broad basis of Universal Love, love to God and to all human souls ! This condition ot things is brought about without the use of carnal weapons but not without deep and earnest soul struggles, which require the whole armor of Christian faith and fortitude, the same in kind that Jesus and his apostles put on and wore while contending against the power of anti-christ within their own hearts, and the apollyon hosts in human form, or those dark spiritual forces which come up from obscure regions, where those spirits dwell wrho hate the light—because of evil deeds—and are ever ready to darken wise counsel, avd destroy every new born child that is sent on errands of mercy as messengers of Truth to the race of men, dwelling on the earth plane. All who are thus equipped, wearing the heavenly shield, are able, and do commune with loving angels from spheres of light, who gather around, both when they wake and when they sleep, and whisper in their ears, 'All is well!' Beautiful upon the mountains of justice and holiness are those bright spirits who come with noiseless tread, laden with rich gifts of priceless worth from the infinite Father and Mother, ready and Avilling to bestow freely, upon those who are prepared to receive fruits of the land which lies beyond the scope of the mental vision and is only spiritually discerned ! Such ministrations throw light upon the centuries that are past, and help to solve many mysteries which have hung over the historic pages of ancient date, both sacred and profane, and to give to each in a large measure, their proper place and design ; and help to disabuse the mind, and free it from many absurdities that have hitherto beclouded the understanding, and seemed paradoxical. They also impart vitality, strength and courage to perform the duties of the present, and fill the heart with holy aspirations regarding the future, and inspire with divine and hopeful energy to pursue the journey of life, through the mist, the sunshine and the storm, through all its changing seasons even to the end. The human mind is so constituted that it seldom remains at one point long at a time, but is looking forward, reaching out towards the future. The journey of SHAKER MANIFESTO. 225 life is analogous to the seasons of the year. Each season has its appropriate work, and its uses ; and it is highly necessary that the functions of each should be performed in proper time, prelusive to that which is to follow. Life, has its stern duties and realities which require energy and will force to perform. When we speak of them in epic language they seem less austere. The poetical vesture with which we clothe them, seems to throw a mellow light over them and helps us to see the bright and beautiful side. Add to the melody of rhythm, musical harmony, and the deep fountains of soul life are stirred, and gush forth in inspired song, and the inner spiritual sight is opened, and we catch glimpses, 'through the pearly gates that stand ajar'—a view of our home to be, in the great beyond ! As the seasons of the year roll by, one by one, without jarring commotion as they pass, so is it with the different stages of human existence. Childhood is the springtime of life. There is a joyous expectant feeling, that we all share more or less, in the Spring season, that perhaps we do not so fully realize at any other time. Then, every thing is clothed in youthful beauty ! Sober winter throws off its snowy mantle, ice-bound streams, pierced by rays of the warm sun and genial atmosphere, and gentle zephyrs that blow from the hill-tops, tell us that it is seed-time ; and the new incoming season brings with it joy and gladness. We trace the foot-prints of the gentle nymph clothing the meadow with living green, and strewing beautiful flowers in our pathway. But, would the same season fill our minds with as much joy, were it not for the indwelling hope, that after seed time, and of tilling the soil, a harvest of fruits from the vintage, and heavily laden sheaves would be gathered to supply our needs ? We would measurably enjoy the music of birds and inhale the sweet aroma of flowers, and look with pleasure upon Nature's realm filled with youthful beauty ; but, knowing they would soon pass without bringing a return of something more substantial would create a feeling of sadness. Such is life's journey. We pass through its varying seasons, fulfilling its duties, as best we may, till we come to the evening of the day, and look upon our last setting sun ; then we lie down upon our couch, close our eyes upon earthly scenes and go in search of our fathers and mothers who have passed on before, leaving the fields of labor to incoming generations. Mi. Lebanon, N. Y.