FORGIVENESS. E. A. KIDD. Many have taken up this subject and expatiated on its beauties more freely and far better than I can, and yet I have resolved to add a little more to this beautiful character. A forgiving spirit is an emblem of Christianity, a gem that is worth our earnest endeavor to possess. It is essential that all true Christians should possess this spirit, for it manifests the sublime character of our Savior,—Showing forth the deep love and charity which he felt for all mankind. As a Christian's duty lies in Christ's footsteps, so must all Christians become likewise forgiving and charitable even as he was. He taught us to pray, 'Forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors,' which reminds me of an item of my own experience, in early youth. I was taught the Lord's prayer and strictly enjoined to repeat it every night before retiring; and although young I was really afraid to say, as we forgive our debtors—without first reflecting whether I had forgiven my companions for any little offence through the day. It is perfectly reasonable and consistent that we should forgive each other, for we are all liable to err, and all want forgiveness, but if we forgive not, how can we expect to be forgiven ? How beautiful was the forgiving spirit of our Savior, so clearly illustrated in his answer to Peter's question. 'How oft shall my brother sin against me and I forgive him ? till seven times ? Jesus saith, I say not unto thee until seven times ; but until seventy times seven.' Matt, xviii. 21, 22. How sweet to the transgressor's ear must sound the words,- 222 SHAKER MANIFESTO. I forgive you. They are as incense from the altar of grace ; like the breath of angels. There are many instances in which revengeful hearts have refused to give utterance to the mild, sweet words of forgiveness, till it was too late; and afterwards regretted- it to the day of their death. Such cases are very sad, but I hope in this enlightened age they are growing loss every day ; for as the world becomes christianized mankind will grow gradually better and better. till the spirit of wrong shall be abolished, and all will see as did Jesus of Nazareth,—the beauty of living like angels. The necessity of preparing in this life for the world to come, by gaining a complete victory over a carnal nature, and by living a life of angelic purity, enables us, to. gain the salvation of our souls, A believe that all who are made acquainted with the sufferings of our Savior and our Mother, will bless their memgr'. Even on the cross Jesus grayed, {-Father forgiv'e' them for they know not what they do,' and O the numberless sufferings Mother Ann endured, loth in England and America, but she freely forgave all her persecutors. Such is this most excellent character, which beautifies and elevates the soul to a standard of purity and loveliness, and sheds light and peace where-ever it abides. It fills the rocky caverns of earth with sunshine, and beams radiantly on the ocean billows, and O may this treasure be found every-where. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.