House-hold TOMATOES AS FOOD. Tomatoes, remarks an authority, are not without some defects as an article of food. They are not, like milk, a perfect diet of themselves, and besides, like most other articles of food, they contain some obnoxious qualities. But they need not be thrown aside on that account. Nature has provided us with such sufficient excretory organs that the obnoxious matter in our food, if in moderate amount, is readily cast out, and the body is protected against any material injury. Were it not so we should be obliged to throw out of our dietary many kinds of food now eaten, not only with impunity, but with advantage. Thus, red cabbage, cherries and peaches contain prussic acid, which is a deadly poison when taken in sufficient quantity. The very small amount of the poisoning acid these vegetables contain is cast out of the system without any material injury to the person using them. A positive good may actually be derived from the use of food containing some such foreign matter, by way of giving increased activity and strength to the excretory organs from their exercise in casting such foreign matter from our bodies, provided the quantity is not so great as to overburden them. Since we are all the time liable to take in our food substances the tendency of which is harmful, a good development of efficiency in our excretory organs is necessary to protect us against the pernicious effects which might otherwise occur. Almost every kind of grain and fruit in use contain more or less things which in a larger amount would prove hurtful. Unless we closely study our food, we are taking them in when we little suspect it. A Frenchman, not many years ago, discovered a substance in wheat bran which under the high heat used in baking, dissolved out and spread over the crumbs of bread, of which bran forms a part, and discolored it, and hence the brown stain peculiar to graham bread. But from this discovery such bread has not been rejected, but continues to be accounted among the most wholesome kinds of food. Rye is seldom used without containing more or less ergot; but rye bread is reckoned among the most healthful. Tea contains tannic acid, apples contain malic acid, lemons and oranges citric acid, no one of which is used either in nutrition or respiration, but they only become objectionable when used excessively.— Leeds Mercury GOOD BREAD. I notice articles upon Graham Bread in the Am. Agriculturist and other papers. Perhaps our experience at the North Family, Mt. Lebanon, ma}r be of some interest and service to the public. For many years we have used bread made from wheat of our own raising. We wash the wheat thoroughly, kiln-dry, grind it ourselves, coarsely, use it unbolted, and bake it in a soapstone oven. No leaven in it. It is good wheaten bread. I doubt whether really good men and women, Christians, can be raised upon poor bread, made of adulterated materials and chemically corrupted by leaven. If a clean thing cannot be brought out of an unclean' then how can a good thing be made out of bad materials? Have not a loaf to spare, (unless to feed the hungry,) a bushel of wheat, nor a barrel of flour to sell at any price. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Fruit may be preserved with honey... Fruit may be preserved with honey by putting the fruit first in the can, then pouring honey over it, and seal air-tight; when the honey is poured from the fruit it will have the flavor and appearance of jelly, making a delicious dessert. If a glass stopper won't move... If a glass stopper won't move, hold the neck of the bottle to a flame, or warm it by taking two turns of a sfrlng and see-sawing it. The heat engendered expands the neck of the bottle before a corresponding expansion reaches the stopper. An exchange says, to clean out a stovepipe... An exchange says, to clean out a stovepipe, place a piece of zinc on the live coals in the stove. The vapor produced by the zinc will carry off the soot by chemical decomposition. Persons who have tried the process claim that it will work every time. Red ants may be banished... Red ants may be banished from a pantry or store-room by strewing the shelves with a small quantity of cloves, either whole or ground. We use the former, as not so likely to get into the food placed upon the shelves. The cloves should be renewed occasionally, as after a time they lose their strength and efficacy. A coat of gum copal varnish... A coat of gum copal varnish applied to the soles of boots and shoes, and repeated as it dries until the pores are filled and the surface shines like polished mahogany, will make the sole water-proof, and it lasts three times longer. If rats are about... If rats are ahout, scatter powdered glass about their holes, or powdered copperas, or fill up the crevices with hard soap, or smear their holes with soft tar, or dip a rat in a cup of tar and let it go, and it will tar-plaster every hole in the house. Apples as food .—A raw, mellow apple is digested in an hour and a half, while boiled cabbage requires five hours. Tho most heaitly dessert that can be placed on the table is a baked apple. If eaten frequently at breakfast with coarse bread and 1 titier, without meat or flesh of any kind, it has an rsdrnir- 236 SHAKER MANIFESTO. able effect upon the general system, often removing constipation, correcting acidities and cooling off febrile conditions more effectually than the most approved medicines. If families could be induced to substitute them for pies, cakes, and sweetmeats, with which their children are frequently stuffed, there would be a diminution in the total sum of doctor's bills in a single year sufficient to lay in a stock of this delicious fruit for the whole season's use. A correspondent of New Remedies... A correspondent of New Remedies gives the following receipt for a paste for use in prescription books and labels : I dissolve half an ounce of alum in a pint of boiling water : to this I add an equal weight of flour, made smooth in a little cold water, and a few drops of oil of cloves, letting the whole come to a boil. This paste will keep months. I put it in glass, or ordinary ointment jars. A SUPERIOR REMEDY FOR FRESH WOUNDS, SPRAINS AND BRUISES. Procure a mild, coal fire. Sprinkle it with drops of any kind of animal oil, or grease, or tallow. Hold the effected part over the smoke, say thirty minutes, as hot as can be borne. A good way is to use a large tin tunnel inverted, as it gathers the smoke into a small compass. Hold the wound directly over the tunnel. Whoever will apply this to wounds, sprains, or bruises, two, three, or more times, say once in twelve hours, will find it invaluable to allay pain, to prevent soreness and taking cold, and the recovery will be rapid. This remedy has been practiced in the United Society of Shakers for more than thirty years, with most astonishing success.