PETER AYERS BY HENRY C BLINN (Continued fbom last number.) Peter Avers lived with his father about eight years after he embraced the faith as preached by Ann Lee and her followers. Pie then entered the Society at New Lebanon, where he lived four years. On a recent visit to Mt. Lebanon N. Y., I very fortunately found the original bill of goods that he dedicated to the Society at that pl:icj on the 10th of May, 1787 and signed by his own hand. Like most of the early settlers in this country, he ''earned his bread by the sweat of the brow' and was not overburdened with worldly goods. The list is as follows ;— One horse. One wagon, One lot of tackling, Two cows, One, two year old heifer, 27 sheep, 25 pounds of wool. One chaise, 60 lbs. of flax, 130 lbs. of tobacco. O,ue axe, One saddle, One sleigh, One pad-lock. One pound worth of pork, 14 bushe's of potatoes. One bed and bedding, 05 bushels of wheat, 1 G bushels of rye, 4 bushels of corn, Two sickles, 4 turkeys, 11 hens. One pair of plow irons, 2 chains, Four dollars worth o;' fur, And 16 dollars in money. Peter says, 'the above mentioned account is what I brought with me when I came to the Church.' When Father Job Bishop was commissioned to organize the Society at Canterbury in 1792, Peter accompanied him, and on the 15th of Feb. of that year, became a member of the Society, where he resided till the time of his death. He was a diligent reader of the Bible and of Believers' publications. He was never at a loss for an appropriate 220 SHAKER MANIFESTO. quotation. ''After I laid aside my carnal weapons,' said he, 'I put on the whole armor of Christ, and commenced a warfare against the world, the flesh and the devil.' He had served an apprenticeship at the hatter's trade, and for many yeari-j he was a manufacturer of fur and wool hats for the society. For several years he took, a deep interest in an orchard of 1000 trees, and with one yoke of oxen enclosed the piece with a heavy stone wall, besides raising several vast monumental piles as he cleared the orchard of stone. He was one of the most able men in the work of the hay iield, and mowed* his last swarth the season he was ninety years of age. By many he will be better remembered as the 'old hunter.' With his two hounds and his trusty, old flint gun, he would follow the trail of the foxes and raccoons from morning till night, through the deep snow, without either food or rest. His outfit, however, was never wholly complete unless he was equipped with a pair of ponderous snow shoes. Should fortune so favor as to award either a fox or a raccoon, he would feel compensated for all the hardship of the day. One year, Peter had a record of 23 foxes 12 raccoons and more than a score of crows. For every fox and crow that he killed, he obtained a bounty from the selectmen of the town, by the presentation of the right ear of the one and the head of the other. The universal habit of dram drinking 'for the stomach's sake' and the smoking and chewing of tobacco 'for aching heads' became a thorn that sadly afflicted the Community, but when it was proposed to abandon the use of alcohol in 1828, Peter although now sixty eight years of age, not only abstained from the drinking of drams, but with a corresponding zeal, cast his pipe and tobacco box into the fire, and from that day was a free man. In appearance he was quite short, thick set, having a large head, dark eyes, fair complexion, and straight hair. He visited New Lebanon, in company with a brother and several sisters, in 1808, and in 181.2 he made a second journey to the same place. On this last trip he obtained a set of carding machines, which were manufactured at New Lebanon. They Avere placed in one of the mills at Canterbury and were used for some forty years. Never having been afflicted with sickness, till a short time before his decease, our good brother quietly and peacefully breathed his last on the 14th of Sep. 1857 having reached the advanced age of 97 years and 2 days. Canterbury, N. H.