THE STORY OF GIDEON Mary Ellen Elkins As found in Judges, VI, MARY ELLEN ELKlNS. [Written for, and read before the Bible class.] It would seem that the children of Israel did not always learn obedience, even, from what they suffered, for many times before and after this fearful experience, they were sold into the hands of their enemies for the same transgressions. The Lord had been angry with them, on several occasions, if we accept the Biblical language, and led them into captivity; but had as many times been merciful and provided for their deliverance, which was, no doubt, as great as their punishment was severe. Having brought the children of Israel out from the land of the Egyptians, and delivered them from all their oppressors, the Lord gave them this command; 'I am the Lord your God; fear not the gods of the Amorites, in whose land ye dwell.' Living among an idolatrous people and strongly influenced by their customs and SHAKER MANIFESTO. ¦223 practices, it may have been almost beyond human strength to have resisted the temptation to idolatry. Still we believe in the wisdom and.kindness of the Father to that extent that we think He would not have commanded where they were not able to obey. They continued, howover, in the worship of Baal, and to this sin added the manufacturing of idols or strange gods, although they had suffered so long for this same transgression. The mere act of disobedience, though in itself a sin, would seem far less did it not remind us of the awful ingratitude which must have possessed their hearts, that they could have forsaken and forgotten Him who had been their Powerful Deliverer. Having been blest and assisted in times of great need, by friends in this life, should we not feel a grateful obligation? What lesson then, may we learn from the suffering experience of the children of Israel ? who pike us were only children of this world. Let us not forget the Lord our God, as a daily Teacher, or as a superior Intelligence, or even as a friend, servicable to us through the kindness of those who would lead us toward all that is worthy and to which we should attain in this life, as really and as wonderfully as God led the Israelites to the promised land of Canaan. On account of the numbers and the warlike character of the Amorites and Midianites, through whose country the Israelites were obliged to pass, these children of Israel were for a time, obliged to lade themselves in the dens and caves of the mountains for safety. Here they cried unto the Lord in their affliction, and again He appears for their salvation ! He now sends a prophet to show them, reprovingly, the error of their ways ; then, as his agent He calls Gideon from the humble employment of threshing wheat to save them, a nation of twelve thousand individuals, from the oppression of the Midian host. The angel said unto Gideon; 'The Lord is with thee.' The young warrior, however, was not ready to accept this assertion in full, but proposed a little investigation. O Lord! said he, if this be so why is all this befallen us, and what about the miracles of which our fathers told us, of the Lord bringing us up from the land of Egypt. 'Go in this thy might, and thou shalt save Israel, have not I sent thee?' Here the warrior is again found wanting in faith, and says—'0 my Lord, if now I have found grace in thy sight, show me a sign that thou talkest with me.' How strange, that after nearly nineteen centuries of Christian teaching, which the world has had, it has grown so little in faith, that to-day we ask for signs and tests, even more than did the warrior of old. Gideon said to the Lord, 'Depart not hence I pray thee, until I return and bring a pres ent to set before thee.' • Had the Lord merely tarried for him without farther manifesting His presence, would it have afforded sufficient proof to give him hope for his mission? How wisely the Lord dealt with his unbelief by proving abundantly his ability to direct him. Gideon had seen an angel of the Lord, face to face. His reverence and worshipful nature soon found expression in the raising of an altar to the Lord. Are we not in some respects like Gideon? Having received implicit faith and trust in a mediator, either human or divine, and when our gospel parents who stand in the same relation to us, in this life, do we not manifest as affectionate children the devotional feelings of the heart? From this lesson may we learn to discriminate between the true and the false and pay homage alone to that which is virtuous. This we may do in our [own peaceful home, where we find those to whom it is a pleasure to offer the richest treasures of our lives, those who share our reverence and highest esteem. Let us gather instruction from the biblical lessons of the past. Enfield, N. H.