Dear Sister M;—As the girls are invited to... Shaker Village, N. H. Marion E. Montague. Dear Sister M;—As the girls are invited to write a letter to each of the sisters, I selected your name. Now dear M. to tell you that I love you, would be nothing new. I was reading the other day that 'Love was born in Heaven. It claims its direct genealogy from the great Creator of the Universe.' Thus Heaven was first and will be at last its home. It is an amaranthine flower sent to beautify the garden of earth. I will cultivate it, it is so choice a plant. I have ever been a favored child, drinking from the cup which is overflowing with true benevolence: and how can I, after having been thus favored, ever seek or wish any enjoyment, save that which emanates from the portals of Paradise, the inspiration of truth and purity. O, Nay ! I think the ministering angels whose tender guardianship I have shared, would weep, should ingratitude or any evil temptation mar my spirit. I have often pledged with my dear companions, that we would be true virgin sisters, true to our friends and true to our own souls. I have always pictured our place among the white robed angels whose garments are spotless I sometimes fancy myself in future life to be one of those lovely flowers of which Father James Whittaker spoke: 'Those who are called by the gospel in childhood and are faithful and obedient, and keep out of sin shall be the flowers of Heaven and the glory of Paradise.' What can we contemplate as being more beautiful? And can I doubt for a moment that I shall be the true Christian and overcome the whole world? Nay, this is my purpose in life, and having won the battle I can 'sing of the beauty and joy in the way.' I truly enjoy a valuable association in life. I form a link in the golden chain which unites our spirits in a sweet and sacred union which is indissolvable. I wish to promise, dear sister, that I will date from to-day an increase in my spiritual growth and culture. My whole heart's affections shall be centred in the Christian principles of my Shaker home where I have been preserved, and my youthful vows of consecration to God so often renewed. My love ever, [The writer of the above letter was soon after striken down with a hemorrhage of the lungs, and die'I very suddenly. She was peculiarly gifted as a spiritual child, and we Ixust she finds the fulfillment of her ev ery youthful aspiration.]