Books and Papers The Homiletic Monthly With the October number, The Homiletic Monthly enters upon its VII volume. The following are among the contents of this interesting number: Sermonic—'Retributive Justice,' by Rev. Joseph S. Van Dyke; 'TheEffects of Gospel Preaching,' by Joseph Parker, D. D.; 'Gallio,' by Samuel W. Duflield, D. D.; 'Having One's Reward,' by Canon Liddon; 'Opportunities of youth,' by Rev. Henry Ward Beecher; 'Healthy Religion,' by T. De Witt Talmage, D. D.; 'Concealing the Words of God,' by Rev. C. H. Spurgeon. Then we have the following papers : 'A Specimen of Welsh Preaching,' by Rev. John Waugh; 'Methods of Sermonizing,' by Rev. A. McElroy Wylie; 'Hints to Young Preachers,' by Prof. James M. Hoppin, of Yale College; 'Misq.-.oted Texts,' by Talbot W. Chambers, D. D. There are also many articles under 'Sermonic Criticism,' 'Preachers Exchanging Views,' etc., etc., full of interest to Preachers and Bible Students. Price, $2.50per year; single number, 2b cents. Funk &amp; Wagnaixs, 10 and 12 Dey Street, New York. City and Country .—The October number of this valuable publication comes to our table filled as ever with good things. As illustrations it has 'Chock-full of Mischief '—a full page plate, 'A Festival in a Shanghai Tea Garden,' 'The Lan- * sing Evaporator,' 'City and Country Homes,' and 'The Hansell Raspberry,' 'Honor's Debt' is concluded this issue and a short serial, 'A Strange Discovery,' is commenced by Miss Josib C. Mal- ' ott. The editorials cover every ground, and the one on 'Politics in Ohio' is able and will be largely quoted. 'Articles on Farm Law' by Hon. Edmund H. Bennett still continues. This valuable publication .should be a regular visitor at every fireside. Only 50 cents per year with choice of two premiums. Will C. Tubneb, Editor. A. W. Lincoln, Associate. City and Country Co., Publishei-s, Columbus, Ohio. History of the English people Green THE BEST ENGLISH HISTORY. So History of England, since the publication of Macaulay's famous work, has more promptly and deservedly won the very highest reputation, than Green's 'History of the English People.' Ranking fairly with Macaulay in the brilliancy and interest of its style, and superior to it in its accurate delineation of events, it covers the entire field of English history, from the earliest, to recent times, (and giving the history of the people, rather than of the conflicts ot the kings ou,y,) while Macaulay's history is limited to a very brief period. Green was first published in this country by the Harpers, in four octavo volumes, for $10.00, but The Useful Knowledge Publishing Co., New York, have issued very handsome editions, at prices ranging from $1.00 for an octave cloth-bound volume, to $2.50 for a five volume Elzevy half Russia edition. It ought promptly to find a place in every home library, as, upon the whole, the best as well as the cheapest history of England. For sale at the Manifesto Office.