RELIGION ELIZABETH MARTIN The human mind was created with antagonistic elements,—a two-fold nature, the one aspiring to the angelic life, a rest in God, the other burying its interests, and seeking its happiness in the sensuous and earthly. Hence, the strife in cultivating the one and subduing the other. We comprehend that system of religion as best which best develops the faculties of the soul; which leads the mind away from the narrowness of merely selfish interests, into paths of Christian benevolence and universal love, from the elements of discord, into harmony of action with godly principles ; from darkness of the earthly and human, into light of the spiritual and divine. The work of the future will be to religionize the social practical life; to cease wrangling over the isms of sects, and teach men and women in their relations with each other, how to speak and act the truth, void of malice and hate, clad in Christian love. The true seekers after righteousness, are heart-sick of theories', creeds; and dead forms ; they thirst for living practical realities. If they turn from worldly pursuits, reject its relations and interests, they want nothing less nourishing than the very bread and wine of the heavenly kingdom. This they rightfully expect to receive in the church, through the agency of spiritual teachers ; from professors of Christianity ; from the unfolding of the mind as they obey higher principles ; and from the influx of divine ministrations which is the sure meat of the earnest Christian worker. They want the social life so purified from the very appearance of guile, that they may enjoy a legitimate companionship, as sons and daughters of God in the spirit, free from the jealous eye and the slanderous tongue. They want that interchange of pure thought, which emulates virtue in men and women, and shoots its arrows of righteous indignation into the very heart of sensualism ! SHAKER MANIFESTO. 243 They want that charity which 'hideth a multitude of faults,' by considering the traditions, circumstances and influences which have moulded the characters of individuals, making them so diverse in manners, customs, theories and practice ; the charity that will shut the mouth of slander, and bless the effort of our neighbor, rather than curse his failure. They want the perfect seal of discipleship made manifest in being 'kindly affectioned one to another, in brotherly love preferring one another.' These principles destroy the selfish life, and build a stable Christian happiness which worldly antagonists can never overthrow. Who cares whether one believes in a unity, duality or trinity of the Godhead, if he weave his life after the pattern of these principles ; regarding humanity as one common brotherhffcd, the children of an all wise creative Power. Jesus wrought out his religion through all the relations of his daily social life ; he not only taught in the temple confounding the learned doctors, but the most of his time was spent among the common people doing good, in the streets, on the mountains, by the seashore, in ships, in the houses of his friends, in the kitchen of Martha and Mary, at the bed-side and the tomb,— delivering precepts of heavenly counsel; sowing the seeds of,eternal principles; and opening the wells of living truth, which are to-day springing up unto everlasting life in the hearts of all who listen to the voice of the spirit, with a willing, obedient ear. 'The pure in heart shall see God,' said he, what a sermon is contained in that one beautiful beatitude ! When exalted above the sensuous, in thought, word and deed, how clear the spiritual atmosphere becomes ! The soul indeed sees the Divine ; its perceptions readily discern between the unclean and the clean, the false and the true. In contemplating the subject of religion, our reason decides that the Christian platform is the sure foundation, and Christian precepts the safest guide. We believe that if we live by them, we embody their effects in our character, which is the only treasure we can take with us to the immortal land. Justice, truth, mercy, goodness, purity and love,—attributes of the Divine incorporated in the human, are the germs of immortality. Let us grow in the likeness of our God, by actualizing more fully, these Christian principles in our life and character. Canterbury, N. H.