LETTER BOX Dear Children ;—Doubtless you have learned by... Enfield, Conn. Dear Children ;—Doubtless you have learned by pleasant and unpleasant experiences, that happiness waits on no selfish demand, but it dwells in every heart that, unmindful of its own ease and comfort seeks to comfort and bless others. Selfishness is an enemy that should be fought relentlessly. Some persons expect a great deal of attention and kindness from others, but think little about being kind in return. Shall I tell you the secret of a happy life? Think mofe of others and what you can do for them than of your own dear selves. A kind, self-denying person seldom fails to find real happiness; but one who lives for self, regardless of the welfare of others is miserable enough. Have you ever experienced anything of this? Be kind, be modest and unassuming, be pure in heart,|be ready for any little service, give to others, as you would that others should give to you, and sunshine and happiness will flow into your spirits. Let selfishness form no part of your characters. To enjoy life yourselves is not sufficient; selfish enjoyment is always incomplete. Brighten your lives by lightening the loads of your over-laden companions. There is solace in an unselfish thought and deed. 'Good deeds are the stepping stones to heaven.' Try the pleasant self-denyingway, and see how delightful j^ou'll feel. Try it every day. It is good at the beginning of the year, good throughout the year, good at its close. Life is made up of small things ; therefore do the small things that spread gladness and joy along your pathway, and my word for it, you will be happy. Be unselfish, be virtuous, having for example, the Divine Model, Jesus Christ, who said, 'Love thy neighbor as thyself.' Your brother, Daniel Orcutt. Dear Editor;—I thought as you told me one day... Shaker Village, N. H. Dear Editor;—I thought as you told me one day, that you liked pictures of roses better than you did lillies, I would give you one, because I had a pretty rose, if you will look at the top of this letter you will find one. One Friday afternoon there was no school, so the little girls with Nellie, Bertha, Laura and Mary went out into the woods to pick strawberries and checkerberries, we had a good little ride, and a good little walk; while we were riding, we had a peppermint as large as three inches long and three wide, it tasted very sweet, and I felt as if I could eat ten more. Nellie found a little toad, she gave it to me and I carried it home. I gave all my checkerberries and strawberries to sister J, she ate the checkerberries and gave me back the strawberries. I will close. Your little girl L. D.