WORK ON THE FARM. SEASONABLE HINTS. WORK ON THE FARM. SEASONABLE HINTS. There is work that is important at this season which may be done when plowing cannot. The looking after the small repairs that are needed upon every farm, or upon every set of farm buildings before winter sets in. Very few of us can spare the time in the busy seasons to get hammer and nails or the other tools necessary every time we see some little place that is out of repair, and if we can take a few days now and do them thoroughly we may make up for some of our little neglects in the past times. A latch broken from a door; a gate off its hinges or nearly so ; a loose board upon the side of some building or along some fence ; a square of glass gone from some window; a broken bolt in the mowing machine ; a broken SHAKER MANIFESTO. 261 strap in the harness ; these, and such things as these, are but trifles, and when first noticed we can let them go, 'make them do' as they are until we are not in such a hurry; but we are too apt to continue to let them go until the trouble spreads and we cannot make them do any longer. Perhaps it would be better if we would attend to all such things when we first notice them ; but we do not so let us take a little time now to make up for past carelessness. Then we need to bank up our buildings to keep the frost but, unless they are so built as not to need it. Piggery, hennery and stables need it as much and perhaps more than dwelling-houses. Then let us see whether a double door here and double window there will not pay themselves by keeping out co'd weather. Extra fuel in the house, extra grain in the stables, piggery and poultry house, are certain to be needed to keep life and healthy, thrifty growth, in their inmates, if the temperature falls in the building as rapidly as it does out of doors in a December day. Let us, therefore, try to so arrange our buildings that they may be as we can conveniently make them, if we value the health and thrift of those who live in them. Another job now will be the covering of the strawberry beds with a light coating of mulch of some sort. Hoi'se manure, straw, corn stalks or pine limbs make about as good mulch as we can find for this purpose. I prefer the two latter, as being less likely to fill the land with weed seeds. The horse manure does not hurt the strawberries, I suppose, but I prefer to give the land a good dressing of it before the plants are set, and in the first season's hoeing I can nearly destroy the weeds that spring up from it, then mulch with that which will not supply more weed seeds and manure with a good artficial fertilizer, also free from seeds. Forest leaves are apt to pack too closely over the plants, for which reason I do not like them unless I have time to pack them in among and around a bed of young plants without covering the crown of the plants. Then put the limbs or corn-stalks upon them and they may be allowed to remain on the ground in the spring to enrich the ground. But around young trees there can be no better mulching than a good coat of forest leaves. If we would mulch our trees in the fall with a liberal coat of leaves, put on soon after the ground freezes, we should not lose so many of them from winter-killing, as they would make a much better growth the next season. There can scarcely be a better fertilizer for growing trees than would be found in the decaying leaves and the leaf mold of our hard wood forests. I have been pleased this fall to see many farmers gathering and drawing home leaves from the wood, as well as shaking up the accumulations under the shade trees around the house. Many have done so that I never knew to do such work before. Good advice and good example lias not been lost on them. I prophesy that their stock will winter better this winter than ever before, because of the comfortable beds they will have, and their crops will be better next year than usual, because of the manure they will make by using the leaves for bedding. Tribune &amp; Farmer