House-hold Taking grease out of carpets The following mixture is recommended for taking grease out of carpets : Aqua ammonia two ounces soft water one quart, saltpetre one teaspoonful, shaving soap one ounce, finely scraped. Mix well, shake and let it stand a few hours or days, before using, to dissolve the soap. When used pour on enough to cover any grease or oil that has been spilled, sponging and rubbing well and applying again if necessary; then wash oft' with clear cold water. It is a good mixture to have in the house for many things; is sure death to bedbugs if put in the crevices which they inhabit ; will remove paint where oil was used in mixing it, and will not injure the finest fabrics. Liquid glue Dissolve the best glue in good cider vinegar. Or, pure glue, 1 lb; water, 2 pts. Dissolve in a covered vessel; cool and add gradually 7 oz. of acetic acid Whitewash or cheap paint Four oz. lime10 lbs. whiting; 4 qts. skim-milk; 1 pt. soap suds. Color to suit. Put the lime in a stone jar ; pour on hot water to slack the lime, and then add milk enough to make it look like cream. Add the whiting and the remainder of the milk. Then stir in the soapsuds and the coloring matter. If to be used without coloring, a small teaspoonful of bluing will make it whiter. To prevent the scent while cooking Kitchen odors may be overcome by throwing ;i few pieces of charcoal into the pots, kettles or pans, while cooking. Try it with cod-fish, ham or cabbage Never iron a calico-dress on the right side... Never iron a calico-dress on the right side ; if ironed smoothly on the wrong side there will be no danger of white spots and gloss, which gives a new dress 'done up' for the first time the appearance of a time-worn garment Mending Chinaware A very ready and efficient means of mending broken chinaware is to take a very thick solution of gum-arabic and stir into it as much plaster of paris as will bring it to the proper consistency. Apply it with a brush to the edges of the fractured parts and stick them together, holding them in place for a few moments until they adhere. In a few days it will be impossible to break them in the same place Purify the House Purify the House. A house which lias been unoccupied for even a week should never be moved into without kindling fires to burn day and night for several days, with doors and windows opened so as to allow all odors and gases to escape, and to dry all the walls and wood-work most thoroughly ; especially ought this to be done if beads of water are noticed on the plastering anywhere ; the least observant know that the rooms of a house have a damp, musty, heavy, dead atmosphere, even if shut up for a very few days in the finest weather Domestic Journal Composition Tea This almost universal remedy of the Shakers, and which has been sought for by so many thousands as a panacea for colds, coughs, lung irregularities and inflammations, is now made public: Take two pounds of bayberry root bark, one pound of the inner bark of hemlock, one pound of ginger, two ounces of cayenne pepper, all reduced to a powder and sifted through a fine sieve. Mix well together. Dose : one teaspoonful in half a teacup of hot water. Add milk and sugar to please the taste, and drink as warm as consistent.