SIGNS OF THE TIMES ELVAH F. COLLINS (Continued from last number.) Another sign, perhaps still more prominent is the disintegration, evinced in the condition of the family circle,—an order claimed to be God-given and sacred, and, strongly held forth as a duty to be discharged by all mankind, to form, and sustain those relationships, which should .create homes attractive to their inmates, where parental care is bestowed in wisdom, and love that knows sacrifice for the good of the young household, and where that love is returned, through implicit obedience and respect, on the part of the children. Is it thus today? Are there.- homes where father and mother, and children profess to comprise 244 SHAKER MANIFESTO. the happy family circle, strangers to those disturbing elements, which take effect upon young minds, and draw them out to seek fortune in some romantic and startling career ? We do not say there are no such homes to be found. The history of one unhappy family, may be that of thousands. Marriage ties formed through rashness and ignorance or by the immature, mentally and physically, are steps leading to blighted hopes, betrayed confidence, and intemperance. Children are born with a predisposition to crime, homes are void of the warmth of love and affection, property squandered in riotous living, and aged parents thrown upon the mercy of &amp; cold world. Divorces, and re-unions, made with a view to better fortune, followed by successive failures, prove to the discerning, how far astray human beings have wandered, from the laws of God, and Nature, which should have kept the natural order of creation in the beauty and perfection of the Designer. Then comes the cry for community, community ! Seeing the benefits and advantages derived by co-operation of individuals, many efforts are made to start Colonies ; taking some one or more points, for a basic principle ; financial economy, hygiene, polygamy, asceticism or social beuelits ; but, the records of the past, show that a lack of something, has caused the most sanguine and devoted, to fail of success ! What is wanting to make their work enduring, is one of the many problems to be solved through experience. We believe, a community, that has not for its foundation a sacrifice of the selfish, private, family relationship, like a house divided against itself, cannot stand with permanence. Inward fires of controversy, soon causes a conflagration, too rapid to be stayed by the wisest heads, and the practicalness of their themes, is thereby made void. When we have studied these, and other signs of the decay of the many systems, it calls forth the query. What is to be the outcome of the whole ? As effect is sure to follow cause, conviction of error, is sure to lead the soul to search after the right. Sinning humanity tired of the husks of prodigal living, are awaking to a sense of the fullness in the Father's storehouse, for the obedient and law abiding. The light of truth, theoretical, is scaling mountains of doubt, ami flooding vallies long shaded by ignorance, and superstition ; and when people are convinced through reason of a better way, strong religious aspirations, and the demands of conscience will supply required strength for the selfdenial, necessary to be practiced in the New Creation, which shall restore health to body, and soul. And what of Zion, the loved of our hearts, over which God watches with a jealous eye? Shall she sit forever by the streams of Babylon, to mourn over present afflictions ? Nay. The hand of the vine-dresser shall clothe her vineyards in the beauty of order, and many shall tread the wine press, which will yield a rich supply of the wine of the new kingdom. Her barren wastes shall bud and blossom, her pastures teem with verdure, streams that have become dry shall swell to overflowing with waters from inspiration's, fathomless ocean, and rivers shall flow beneath the dome of her temples, :'or the purification of all souls. Look up ! ye whose eyes are downcast ; Lay aside the sackcloth of mourning, ye who have fasted in sorrow, for SHAKER MANIFESTO. 245 behold ! the day Cometh, when the people oi God shall clap their hands for joy, because of the great victory achieved through faith and prayer! Mount Lebanon, N. Y.