THE PUBLIC HEALTH AND COMPULSORY VACCINATION William Tebb. [TO THE EDITOR, MANIFESTO.] THE PUBLIC HEALTH AND COMPULSORY VACCINATION. Three years ago I had the pleasure of visiting the original Shaker settlement near Albany, N. Y., and I there learned that the members and elders were interested in all questions that related to the physical health of the community, that with Dr. Benjamin W. Richardson the celebrated hygienist you held that 'pure blood and a healthy life would banish all disease.' May I therefore venture to address you on a subject of great and increasing importance. SHAKER MANIFESTO. 251 who have given the subject serious consideration. The most ardent pro-vaccinators have been reluctantly compelled to confess that small-pox cannot be got rid of in this way. Dr. Ballard, one of Her Majesty's Inspectors of Vaccine, in his Essay on Vaccination, page 3G, says : 'Dr. Jenner's prediction has not been fulfilled; experience has not verified it; small-pox is not eradicated. Scientific observations lend no countenance to the belief that it ever will be eradicated, even from civilized communities.' Mr. Ceely, who devoted forty years of his life to the study of the subject, said at the London Calf-Lymph Conference in December, 1879 : 'They would not be able to annihilate smallpox by vaccination, and he defied any one to show that he had claimed such a result; from the experience he had had, no such thing could, or ever would happen.' And more recently, Dr. Charles Cameron, M. P., avers in his letter to the Times, May 24th, 1880 : 'Since 1836 our statistics have been compiled so as to enable us to compare the mortality not merely in small-pox occurring in all classes of vaccinated persons, at different periods, but in each separate class of vaccinated persons, in persons, that is, with one, two, three or four good or indifferent marks. I have gone into these details and found that not merely has the mortality in small-pox occurring after vaccination progressively increased, in the aggregate, but it has increased in each class of cases, and increased enormously in the best vaccinated class of cases.'1'' Nor is the testimony in the Lancet for August 27th less precise on this the corner-stone of the edifice upon which vaccination is enforced by the State. That journal furnishes a report of the recent small-pox epidemic at Bromley, London, by Dr. Fraser Nicolson, the medical officer in charge between April 25th and June 29th, comprising forty-two cases in all, of which sixteen were confluent; the whole of these were vaccinated and three re-vaccinated. Dr. Nicolson further says, 'That the chief element of success lay in the high, open, bracing locality in which the temporary hospital was placed, together with the cool, dry winds during the time that the worst cases were in the hospital.' Here again, the beneficial effects of sanitation are In order to keep up a useful small-pox panic in England and the United States, and to compel frightened citizens to submit to the risks and penalties of the unphysiologica practice of vaccination, it has become^ cus tomary with officers .of Boards of Health, anc public vaccinators, to attribute the death o every unvaccinated small-pox case to the absence of vaccination. Such medical experts carefully withhold the fact that in every small-pox epidemic in European States under obligatory vaccination, the municipal government statistics prove that from seventy-five to ninety-six per cent of small-pox cases have received the pretended benefit of the cowpox. One of the leading statisticians in Europe, Dr. G. F. Kolb, of Munich, member extraordinary of the Royal Statistical Commission of Bavaria, says in a recent letter published in the London Echo. 'In the Kingdom of Bavaria, into which the cow-pox was introduced in 1807, and where for a long time no one except the newly-born escaped vaccination, there were, in the epidemic of 1871, no less than 30,742 cases of small-pox, of whom 29,429 had been vaccinated, as is shown in the documents of the State Department. When, with these stern proofs before us of the inability of vaccination to protect, we reflect upon the undeniable and fearful mischief which the operator so often inflicts upon his victims, the conclusion forces itself upon us that the State is not entitled, either in justice or in reason, to put in force an enactment so directly subversive of the great principle of personal right. In this matter, State compulsion is, in my opinion, utterly unjustifiable.' Dr. Farr, Mr. Edwin Chadwick, Dr. Southwood Smith. Dr. B. W. Richardson and other well-known sanitarians, have clearly demonstrated that small-pox is the outcome of filthy conditions, bad drainage, impure water and overcrowding, and can only be avoided by the observance of .proper hygienic precautions. Prof. Playfair has said, 'that no epidemic can resist thorough cleanliness.' The sooner these facts are appreciated and acted upon the sooner will all zymotic diseases be abolished. That small-pox can be prevented by vaccination is an untenable position, which has been abandoned by all 252 shaker manifesto. allowed, while no mention is made of vaccination, as a,i favorable or modifying factor in the attacks, nor could there be, seeing that this so-called prophylactic did not prevent sixteen of the cases becoming confluent. The late Iioyal Commission of Inquiry into the origin of the dreadful epidemic in Fiji has reported that they occurred among populations who were habitually drinking water from ditches contaminated with sewage, and that the mortality has fallen 'enormously since the discovery of the cause. The existing small-pox epidemics at Nottingham and Leicester are not amongst the unvaccinated. The cases are to be found among the vaccinated poor, and their vaccinated children, and the local press contains letters of complaint of bad ventilation, bad smells, foul pig-stys and sewage effluvia. How can vaccination protect against the sewer, the pig-stys, the mews, the polluted water? Were it not trespassing too much upon your space, it would be easy to furnish the evidence of eminent medical men, like Dr. Jules Guerin of Paris, tending to^show that vaccination not only fails to prevent small-pox, but in many cases actually excites it. Cow-pox matter is admitted by the profession to be variolous in its origin; it ought therefore to be held in a certain degree responsible, in company with noxious exhalations and sewage and bad ventilation, for the survival of small-pox and similar diseases in civilized and hotly sanitary boarded communities. Permit me to suggest, that having regard to the accumulation of evidence, showing the failures of vaccination to prevent even the severest attacks of smallpox, or to prevent small-pox in the best vaccinated cases, whether it would not be wise on the part of American Boards of Health and European legislatures to abandon its compulsory enforcement and devote the large expenditure, amounting in the aggregate to many millions per annum paid by the State for public vaccination, to the more scientific and less objectionable prophylaxis of all zymotic diseases—Sanitation I am, sir, your obedient, servant, William Tebb. 7 Albert Road, Regent's Park, London, August 21st, 1S82. P. S.—Some of your readers will be terested to hear that arrangements are now in progress for holding the third International Anti-Vaccination Congress at Berlin in January nexi. It is expected that delegates will attend from all countries where vaccination is enforced, either by municipal regulations or State laws. A report of the proceedings at the Cologne Congress has been published in German, and [another in the French language by Dr. Hubert Boens B Sc. Charleroi Belgium entitled 'La Vaccine au point de vue Ilistorique et Scientiftqve,' in which the whole question is impartially discussed with great lucidity and ability.