NOTES Jesus was our great teacher... Jesus was our great teacher, His lessons were full of instruction. He wasted neither time nor words, nor neglected a proffered opportunity when he could impress the minds of his disciples with a spiritual truth. They were able to foretell that the harvest would be in the course of a few months, and to them it would be a special season for the gathering of God's bounteous blessings. Jesus would inspire them with a deeper thought having reference to the gathering of souls into the Kingdom of God. Lift up your eyes, said he, and look on the fields for they are already white to harvest. While the disciples, as natural men, were thinking only of the harvesting of the wheat fields of Palestine, and of their well filled garners, Jesus changed the conversation to a religious form and told them that the minds of men were now waiting to be enlightened with the spirit of Truth and to be harvested into the work of regeneration. It now became the duty of the laborers to stimulate themselves to enter upon their mission. They were to be sent into the world to preach the gospel of good news and to take therefrom those who heard the word of God and were able to keep it. Shall we not learn wisdom from these life lessons which have been placed before us? Admitting that our gospel has been vitalized by the spirit of the Living God, and that a testimony has gone forth which has been as the waters of salvation to many thousands, yet, is there not some danger of losing this precious gift while we are so very anxiously caring for the things of this world ? After an experience of some thirty four years... After an experience of some thirty four years in spiritual phenomena, many of the leading minds of the order seem to think it quite as essential, even at this date, to caution those who seek after the spirits, as it did in the commencement of that work. We may very reasonably expect more or less of the false in our search for that which is true, but the ability to discriminate, often makes us the dupes of a designing mind. In the Religio of Aug. 12th, we have a scientific analysis of Spiritualism by W. E. Coleman. He does not hesitate to SHAKER MANIFESTO. 255 write plainly and clearly his views on the phenomena which seemingly astonishes so many persons at the present day. Although a believer in the instantaneous appearing and disappearing of the inhabitants of the spirit world, and made this by 'proof palpable' from individual experience, he then says ;— 'Probably nine tenths, or it may be ninety nine hundredths of all so called materializations are fraudulent,' and many that he had witnessed were unmitigated frauds. It is highly commendable in the managers of the Journal that' they do not fear to publish the whole truth, or to expose that which is deceptive or absolutely false.