NOTES Jesus was our great teacher... Jesus was our great teacher, His lessons were full of instruction. He wasted neither time nor words, nor neglected a proffered opportunity when he could impress the minds of his disciples with a spiritual truth. They were able to foretell that the harvest would be in the course of a few months, and to them it would be a special season for the gathering of God's bounteous blessings. Jesus would inspire them with a deeper thought having reference to the gathering of souls into the Kingdom of God. Lift up your eyes, said he, and look on the fields for they are already white to harvest. While the disciples, as natural men, were thinking only of the harvesting of the wheat fields of Palestine, and of their well filled garners, Jesus changed the conversation to a religious form and told them that the minds of men were now waiting to be enlightened with the spirit of Truth and to be harvested into the work of regeneration. It now became the duty of the laborers to stimulate themselves to enter upon their mission. They were to be sent into the world to preach the gospel of good news and to take therefrom those who heard the word of God and were able to keep it. Shall we not learn wisdom from these life lessons which have been placed before us? Admitting that our gospel has been vitalized by the spirit of the Living God, and that a testimony has gone forth which has been as the waters of salvation to many thousands, yet, is there not some danger of losing this precious gift while we are so very anxiously caring for the things of this world ? After an experience of some thirty four years... After an experience of some thirty four years in spiritual phenomena, many of the leading minds of the order seem to think it quite as essential, even at this date, to caution those who seek after the spirits, as it did in the commencement of that work. We may very reasonably expect more or less of the false in our search for that which is true, but the ability to discriminate, often makes us the dupes of a designing mind. In the Religio of Aug. 12th, we have a scientific analysis of Spiritualism by W. E. Coleman. He does not hesitate to SHAKER MANIFESTO. 255 write plainly and clearly his views on the phenomena which seemingly astonishes so many persons at the present day. Although a believer in the instantaneous appearing and disappearing of the inhabitants of the spirit world, and made this by 'proof palpable' from individual experience, he then says ;— 'Probably nine tenths, or it may be ninety nine hundredths of all so called materializations are fraudulent,' and many that he had witnessed were unmitigated frauds. It is highly commendable in the managers of the Journal that' they do not fear to publish the whole truth, or to expose that which is deceptive or absolutely false. What a pity it is... What a pity it is that those who love the Lord and are denominating themselves the true light to a wicked world, should stop on their heavenward journey and dispute over the fastenings of their Sunday go-to-meeting-coat or the acceptability, to the Lord of an uncultured voice in preference to the tones of a good instrument. And yet we are informed that such is the fact. One church is being divided because some of the members choose to fasten their coats with buttons instead of hooks and eyes. And the other church is becoming divided because a certain class forbid the use of an organ in the time of religious service. It is surprising how much talk and confusion such trifling nonessentials will create. 'Behold how great a fire a little matter kindleth.' Harvard, Mass. Synopsis of reports of the Shaker school for the three years, last past, as forwarded by Br. Elijah Myrick. The Superintendents have made collective reports of the general condition of the several schools, hence as a rule have omitted any remarks except on the one in our Society. The following may serve as an index to the relative merits of the school at Haivard. Winter session of 1880. Teacher, Ella Russell. Length of term ten weeks. Wages of teacher $30 per month. Whole number of pupils, 11. Average attendance 10,15. Tha teacher is thorough and keeps the. best of order, a d is always ready to as.sistand instruct her pupils. This little school is worthy of a visit from all interested in the education of our youth and children. Session op 1881. Mary Kelley, Teacher. She has had the charge of the school during the year. Number of pupils, 12. Average attendance, 11. Wages of Teacher, $30 per month. The Teacher has devoted herself to her work with much earnestness, and has labored faithfully and successfully for the advancement of her pupils. The closing exercises were highly interesting and most creditable to teacher and pupil. The clear and distinct reading of the pupils in the Shaker school is deserving of special mention. Report of 1882. Length of school, 6 months and 2 weeks. Number of pupils, 13. Average attendance, 13. Wages of the Teacher $30 per month. Marj Kelley taught this school during the spring and summer te:ms. She carries with her an earnestness and force of character that compels the respect and attention of her pupils. Her success Iris been complete, bringing her school well up towards the front ranks. 256 SHAKER MANIFESTO. The Winter Term was taught by Marcia Bullard, a teacher of large experience.. Our committee have not made special reports of each school, wishing to avoid invidious distinctions. While on our recent visit to the society... While on our recent visit to the society at Harvard, Mass., we were privileged, through the kindness of our beloved friends to spend a few hours in their district school. There were present, Brother Elijah Myrick one of the school committee ; a brother and two sisters from Enfield, N. H. ; a brother and two sisters from Canterbury, N. H. ; th# Elders of the Church Family at Harvard, and several other members of the society. The school numbered some fourteen pupils, who were all nicely arranged in respective places when . we entered the room. The teacher, Mary Kelley, conducted the exercises and they were managed with all the care and kindness of a good shaker sister. The ready response of the pupils to the every Avish of the director, was a clear manifestation of their affectionate regard, and to this we attribute much of the success of the school. The house has been built some three score and ten years, and was arranged for the accommodation of twenty-four pupils. The desks are ample and well preserved, and were, no doubt, of excellent construction as well as of superior accommodation at that early date. Each desk was arranged for the accommodation of two pupils. The stationary board seats have, however, been removed, and a nice little chair of modern manufacture and well adapted for the comfort and convenience of the pupil, now takes its place. The room was well furnished. The teacher's desk was of an antiquated pattern, bearing the same age of the house, yet it was quite convenient and liberally supplied with books and whatever an active teacher might find necessary to use. The room was furnished with a limited supply of black-boards, and, indeed it would be difficult to provide too much space for this indispensible aid to both teacher and pupil. Several mural maps were suspended, and also two or three, large steel engravings. The pupils seemed to be abundantly supplied with books and with everything that was necessary for their protection and education in the school room. The exercises began by the singing of a select piece by the whole school. The recitations in reading from the book, as well as from memory were very superior. Even the smallest pupils made their recitations so clearly and so naturally that it became a pleasure to be a listener. The class in Physiology, History and Mental Arithmetic seemed to understand the value of their studies and rendered them accordingly. The system of spelling was novel and interesting. The first word given out was distinctly pronounced by the pupil, after the teacher, and then spelled. The pupil then spelled three or four more words without assistance from the teacher. Each pupil in turn gave the respective definitions to their words, and then thoroughly analyzed them, as their authors directed. The writing books and art books were kept in nice order, and were a commendation to both teacher and pupil. The quiet and yet potent influence which governed the school, and the gentle, good order of the pupils was one of SHAKER MANIFESTO. 251 the marked and pleasant features. From the appreciative remarks of the several visitors at the close of the exercises, we learned that all had enjoyed the season with much satisfaction. Enfield, Conn. Summer Term of 1882 commenced April 25th, and closed August 12th. Teacher, FinettaB. Wells. Number of weeks 16. Number of pupils, 11. A good attendance was continued throughout the season. Interest,and perseverance on the part of the teacher, inspired the pupils with a love 'f application, requisite to the acquisition of each lesson. Fifty nine visitors, who witnessed the exercises, reported a well disciplined school, with a cheerful compliance of the pupils. Winter Term of 1881 and 1882. Taught by Arthur Bruce. Number of pupils, 14. Length of term, 17 weeks. This school is strictly private being entirely out of the jurisdiction of the School Committee, consequently we have no Committee's report to offer. We endeavor to have the standard of the school as high as that of any of the district schools in the town. From the opinions of the many who visited the school last winter we inferred that the standard both in deportment and scholarship was maintained.