BENJAMIN WHITCHER HENRY C. BLINN So long as 'our home in Canterbury' is favored of God to remain a-consecrated abode for Believers, ho long will the name of Benjamin Whitcher be held in pleasant remembrance by the Brethren and Sisters. The dedication of all his esta:e to the church of God, was not from the enthusiasm of the moment, but after the experience of some ten years in the maintaining of a community relation with those whom he accepted into his own private family. It was a free will offering, given without the shadow of a reserve, and to which no reference was ever afterwards made, save that of thankfulness ior the privilege. His father, whos;- name also was Benjamin bought the tract of land in Canterbury where the Believers now live, while it was a dense wilderness ; for his son Benj ,min. Other sons had other tracts of land in the wilderness, some being located i'u the town now called Northfield. and others in Gilm nton. Benjamin Whitcher 2nd, the subject of this sketch, was born in the town of Stratham, N. H. Mar. «, 1750. At the age of twenty lour he went alone from his father's house into the wilderness and worked on the land, felling trees and cultivating the soil for somo two years previous to the ma1-ing of it a permanent habitation for his family. During this time he cleared several acres, and with the help of others who came at a later date, he was able to build a house and a barn. In 177a he moved his family to his new home, and as carriages were not known in that section of the country, SHAKER MANIFESTO. 249 and as they had paths only, leading from one settlement to another, they were all obliged to make the journey on horseback. Joseph Shepard, a brother of Mary accompanied them to their new home, and took charge of their little daughter Zilpha, on the back of his horse ; while the father had the burden of some household articles on his horse ; thus relieving the mother of all care except to take charge of the animal upon which she rode. At this time there were less than three hundred inhabitants in what is now the town of Canterbury, and the nearest neighbor was some five miles distant. Speaking of his early life he says ; 'Although I was not brought up under the religious discipline of any organized society, yet the principles of strict morality were ever enjoined upon me, by my parents. And though I often felt strong convictions for sin, even from my childhood, I did not join any religious order till I was twenty six years of age. At this time there was a remarkable religious revival, and in 1776 I became a member of the Free Church. As my conviction increased my prayer to God was that he would open some way of deliverance ; 'that he would send by whom he would send,' and work by means of his own choosing. My wish was to know and to do his will. I also became deeply interested in the account of the Shakers which I had learned from Benjamin Thomson who had visited them in the state of New York. After listening to the reports of this man I soon made arrangements to visit the Shakers and see for myself. The church at the same time became very much interested in the subject and commissioned two of our preachers to visit the Shakers, and thoroughly investigate the order of their religious life, and on their return to make a faithful report of the same. These preachers confirmed all that we had previously learned, and farther, that 'the Shakers taught that God required man to confess and forsake all sin, and to take up a full cross against every evil propensity. That their testimony was attended with that power of God which effectually searched the heart and appealed to the conscience of every enlightened mind.' In the mean time, two of the Brethren from the Shakers in N. Y. visited Canterbury and the adjacent towns, where they appointed meetings, and opened the dispensations of God's grace to man, which had taken place in a past age. They also testified that Christ had now made a second appearance, by his spirit, without sin unto salvation. Benjamin Whitcher was one among the many, of the members of this Free Church who accepted the advanced light from God, and of this he says, 'Through obedience thereto I have found salvation from sin and a justification in my conscience, for which I had been praying.' This was in the fall of 1782. The family now consisted of the parents, Benjamin and Mary Whitcher, and the children, Zilpha, Joseph, Benjamin and John. (TO BE CONTINUED.)