TRUTH, NOT PERSONALITIES GILES B. AVERY The soul who sincerely hungers for truth, seeks the nutritious kernel only ; all wrappings of busks, or chaff of the personal ambition, pride of discovery, and pedantry of manifestation exhibited in its advocates are obnoxious to the sincere truth seeker, and adverse to the dissemination and reception of truth. Wisdom's truth, either in science, art, or religion, rides no hobby ; has no respect to personalities ; is neither magnified nor diminished by the idiosyncracies of individuals ; yields not to preferences of nationality, race, color, or sex, but, where she can find a vessel pure, and emptied of selfish pride, ambition for distinction and consequence,—a simple lover of, and seeker after her treasures for their own intrinsic worth, she bestows with a liberal hand. Humanity has such a shimmering display of vanity in the effort to disseminate truth, that its professed advocates seem often mantled more in the shrouds of self-love, than panoplied with truth ; thus it often comes to us in patches and shreds, smutted, or belittled Avith the dross of humanities follies. It is rare to find an article on truth, especially religious truth, that is not either so studded with theology, stuffed with professional pride, or dwarfed by the huge cage of human ambition and pride it is squeezed into, so that the sincere seeker after truth seems perishing with hunger, before being able to untumb it; and the sailor on the ocean of inquiry and investigation tears to board its craft, finding so little wind in its sails. Friends of humanity, and lovers of godliness. Is it not possible, by the aids of truth committed to our trust, so to eliminate ourselves from the narrow confines, belittlements, and chaffy wrappings of self, as to present, each one, our modicum of truth, as a golden nugget, pure from the celestial mine ? May 242 SHAKER MANIFESTO. we not hopefully anticipate the dawn of a heaven-born day, when, at least, the advocates of religious truth may meet each other as brothers ^nd sisters of the one family of Christ, on the level of divine universal love ; and, freed from the biases of human creedism, and scholastic theology, interchange the coin of religious truth, unadulterated with the dross of human pride, and ambition to be recognized as the discoverer, or to see who shall be the greatest, wisest, or most scholastic, or even who shall attract to their standard of wisdom the greatest number of followers ? Truth's successful followers are a simple people, free of utterance, and as enchantingly sweet as the song of Philomela. The prating of the multitude does not silence them ; the creeds of theologians do not bind them ; human theologies do not darken their counsels ; nor doth the fear of opposition turn them from their path of duty. Love to God and love to man graces their diction, and renders mellifluous their sternest declarations ; the human soul instinctively bows in acquiesence to their revelations, and honors with approval, though, not always, for the moment, strong enough to bend the human will in conformity. But, truth, love, and purity, conquers the world. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.