Books and Papers The Homiletic Monthly With the October number, The Homiletic Monthly enters upon its VII volume. The following are among the contents of this interesting number: Sermonic—'Retributive Justice,' by Rev. Joseph S. Van Dyke; 'TheEffects of Gospel Preaching,' by Joseph Parker, D. D.; 'Gallio,' by Samuel W. Duflield, D. D.; 'Having One's Reward,' by Canon Liddon; 'Opportunities of youth,' by Rev. Henry Ward Beecher; 'Healthy Religion,' by T. De Witt Talmage, D. D.; 'Concealing the Words of God,' by Rev. C. H. Spurgeon. Then we have the following papers : 'A Specimen of Welsh Preaching,' by Rev. John Waugh; 'Methods of Sermonizing,' by Rev. A. McElroy Wylie; 'Hints to Young Preachers,' by Prof. James M. Hoppin, of Yale College; 'Misq.-.oted Texts,' by Talbot W. Chambers, D. D. There are also many articles under 'Sermonic Criticism,' 'Preachers Exchanging Views,' etc., etc., full of interest to Preachers and Bible Students. Price, $2.50per year; single number, 2b cents. Funk &amp; Wagnaixs, 10 and 12 Dey Street, New York. City and Country .—The October number of this valuable publication comes to our table filled as ever with good things. As illustrations it has 'Chock-full of Mischief '—a full page plate, 'A Festival in a Shanghai Tea Garden,' 'The Lan- * sing Evaporator,' 'City and Country Homes,' and 'The Hansell Raspberry,' 'Honor's Debt' is concluded this issue and a short serial, 'A Strange Discovery,' is commenced by Miss Josib C. Mal- ' ott. The editorials cover every ground, and the one on 'Politics in Ohio' is able and will be largely quoted. 'Articles on Farm Law' by Hon. Edmund H. Bennett still continues. This valuable publication .should be a regular visitor at every fireside. Only 50 cents per year with choice of two premiums. Will C. Tubneb, Editor. A. W. Lincoln, Associate. City and Country Co., Publishei-s, Columbus, Ohio. History of the English people Green THE BEST ENGLISH HISTORY. So History of England, since the publication of Macaulay's famous work, has more promptly and deservedly won the very highest reputation, than Green's 'History of the English People.' Ranking fairly with Macaulay in the brilliancy and interest of its style, and superior to it in its accurate delineation of events, it covers the entire field of English history, from the earliest, to recent times, (and giving the history of the people, rather than of the conflicts ot the kings ou,y,) while Macaulay's history is limited to a very brief period. Green was first published in this country by the Harpers, in four octavo volumes, for $10.00, but The Useful Knowledge Publishing Co., New York, have issued very handsome editions, at prices ranging from $1.00 for an octave cloth-bound volume, to $2.50 for a five volume Elzevy half Russia edition. It ought promptly to find a place in every home library, as, upon the whole, the best as well as the cheapest history of England. For sale at the Manifesto Office. the Phrenological journal and science of health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for October deserves special commendation, being more than usually rich in matter connected with its particular sphere, and in general reading. A full and appreciative sketch of Miss Clara Barton, the American Apostle of the 'Red Cross,' is given, together with a very fine portrait. The series on 'Comparative Phrenology' is continued by a discussion of the structure of the human spinal column, and the racial peculiarities of the Negro. A well-illustrated description of Alexandria. A sketch of the great scientist Newton, and a very encouraging prophecy of what the world will have attained a thousand years hence, are noteworthy. Besides, for entertain-, ment and solid instruction the contribution entitled 'Mrs. Bowman's Neuralgia,' 'Beautiful HomtSi' 'National Reverenei ,' 'The Pollution and Purification of our Rivers and Harbors,' a paper our legislators at Washington should have read before passing the notorious bill which the President vetoed. 'Kitchen Leaflets,' sound advice for our cooks, and the numerous notes, items, paragraphs, and responses of the well-arranged departments are all worthy of more than passingcomment. Price only 20 cents; subscription price, $2.00 a year, with the last three months of this year free to new subscribers. We note the publi-hers are making other special premium offers, and that all may have a chance to see what the Phrenological Journal is like, now it is offered 'on trial' three months, including this October Number, for only 25 cents, which may be sent in postage-stamps to the publishers, Fowler &amp; Wells, 753 Broadway, New York. Herald or Health Herald or Health; Oct. Pub. by M. L. Holb book, 13 &amp; 15 Laight St., N. Y. Contents. Malaria &amp; Malarial Diseases, Life Strength, Tape Worms, Bread, Milk and Eggs, for the insane, Food for the Old, Cellars, Hygienic Progress, Food of Japanese, Vegetable Butter, How Singei s should Live, Worrying the Girls, etc. etc. Terms, $1.00 per. year. Single copy 10 cents.