HAPPINESS NLY WITHIN ALONZO G. HOLLISTER Happiness is the desire of all sentient beings. Most young people think it can be found in outward conditions. They are apt to fancy that if they could have companions like themselves, freedom to act as they have a mind to, with no care of duty or labor to burden them, and as much money as they would wish, they imagine that with such conditions they would be completely happy in the pursuit of pleasures that have no real existence without the mind, and amusements that weary without remunerating. The arrangements of the Universe makes it impossible for more than a very few to obtain these conditions, and those who are so unfortunate as to have them nearly, do not find the happiness they seek, and by pursuing such a course become the most dissatisfied and discontented class of mortals. When not under the fever of excitement they are miserably unhappy, and are made more so by every round of pleasure. By violating the laws of happiness they run in debt to the future ; by foolishly spending their time and wasting their powers upon trifles that yield no substantial return, they are^gradually and surely subjecting themselves to the law of recoil, which will severely exact the utmost farthing of pleasure, and every kind of natural enjoyment, before the individual can be liberated to begin again on as good footing as in the commencement. None, even in the natural, earthly state of man. »*re so happy as those who industriously toil for a determined object. The patient toiler for subsistence who is able to keep want from his door, and lives morally, enjoys existence and possesses more real happiness than the pleasure seeker who rolls in wealth, the product of other people's labor. And the humble toiler'is easier prepared to receive a knowledge of the more excellent way revealed in the gospel of the Kingdom of God. The domain of heaven and the real causes of happiness and misery exist within the individual, hence the poet sings,—uTis not the outward state, but temper of the soul by which we rate sadness or joy.' Jesus says, 'The Kingdom of heaven is in you ;' we say it is never without. As that which is within is in our own power, while that which is without lies partly in the power of others, we see that God has placed within the power of each individual to create their own heaven ; to make their own happiness or misery according to how they use the time and faculties He has bestowed upon them. We are not born into this world with all the elements of happiness within us, therefore there is a work for each one to do to acquire the remainder, or whatever is necessary to fill their complement. We are born with elements of unhappiness, and a liability to death and corruption. In these elements lies a way which SHAKER MANIFESTO. 247 however right it may seem to men, the end thereof is death. Hence there is a work for each one to bind, and purge out these, that good may come in their place. Ami though we postpone this work a thousand years, and roam through all spheres of life accessible to us, we never can find true rest nor the happiness we seek unti. we have done this work of destroying within us the elements of unhappiness, and unrest, by self-denial and the daily cro.ss, and by cultivating good qualities in their place. Mt. Lebanon, N.Y