While on our recent visit to the society... While on our recent visit to the society at Harvard, Mass., we were privileged, through the kindness of our beloved friends to spend a few hours in their district school. There were present, Brother Elijah Myrick one of the school committee ; a brother and two sisters from Enfield, N. H. ; a brother and two sisters from Canterbury, N. H. ; th# Elders of the Church Family at Harvard, and several other members of the society. The school numbered some fourteen pupils, who were all nicely arranged in respective places when . we entered the room. The teacher, Mary Kelley, conducted the exercises and they were managed with all the care and kindness of a good shaker sister. The ready response of the pupils to the every Avish of the director, was a clear manifestation of their affectionate regard, and to this we attribute much of the success of the school. The house has been built some three score and ten years, and was arranged for the accommodation of twenty-four pupils. The desks are ample and well preserved, and were, no doubt, of excellent construction as well as of superior accommodation at that early date. Each desk was arranged for the accommodation of two pupils. The stationary board seats have, however, been removed, and a nice little chair of modern manufacture and well adapted for the comfort and convenience of the pupil, now takes its place. The room was well furnished. The teacher's desk was of an antiquated pattern, bearing the same age of the house, yet it was quite convenient and liberally supplied with books and whatever an active teacher might find necessary to use. The room was furnished with a limited supply of black-boards, and, indeed it would be difficult to provide too much space for this indispensible aid to both teacher and pupil. Several mural maps were suspended, and also two or three, large steel engravings. The pupils seemed to be abundantly supplied with books and with everything that was necessary for their protection and education in the school room. The exercises began by the singing of a select piece by the whole school. The recitations in reading from the book, as well as from memory were very superior. Even the smallest pupils made their recitations so clearly and so naturally that it became a pleasure to be a listener. The class in Physiology, History and Mental Arithmetic seemed to understand the value of their studies and rendered them accordingly. The system of spelling was novel and interesting. The first word given out was distinctly pronounced by the pupil, after the teacher, and then spelled. The pupil then spelled three or four more words without assistance from the teacher. Each pupil in turn gave the respective definitions to their words, and then thoroughly analyzed them, as their authors directed. The writing books and art books were kept in nice order, and were a commendation to both teacher and pupil. The quiet and yet potent influence which governed the school, and the gentle, good order of the pupils was one of SHAKER MANIFESTO. 251 the marked and pleasant features. From the appreciative remarks of the several visitors at the close of the exercises, we learned that all had enjoyed the season with much satisfaction.