A DAY WITH THE SHAKERS. A DAY WITH THE SHAKERS. The Enfield Ct. Shakers own 3000 acres of land in one body, besides outlying parcels. This land is divided among three ' families,' altogether numbering about 125 persons. The three farms are kept in beautiful condition. Industry and tidyness seem to be included in the watchwords of these peculiar but shrewd, thrifty, hospitable people. We found Elder Robert Aikin of the south family at work in the onion bed, and are indebted to him and all whom we met for kind and accommodating attentions. 'Are you much bothered with the onion maggot, elder?' we inquired, among other questions. 'Nay, not since I put coal ashes on the beds. They have troubled us for years previously, and my way has always been to go over the beds daily and pull out every onion plant that showed signs of being maggot eaten. In this way we got the pest cleared out pretty well each season. But this year I put on coal ashes and it has either killed the maggots or else they haven't come very plenty. I find that coal ashes seem to improve our currants and raspberries, too.' 'I see you have a big field of buckwheat over there.' 'Yea, there is 17 acres of it. It's very good, too, although only a little Bradley's phosphate was put on it. We sell a good deal of buckwheat for seed for $ 1 a bushel, and dispose of it in other ways. We use the straw for bedding and for mulching. Look at these currants. You see we mulched them heavily with buckwheat straw so that the weeds have been choked out, the ground has been kept moist and the fruit clean.' 'Those are pretty good sweet potatoes, ain't they, elder?' 'Yea, those from the plants of our own raising are the best. The greatest difficulty we find is in keeping the potatoes through winter to have them to start plants from in spring. We pack them in dry sand or fine straw chaff and keep in a cool cellar. We start the plants in a hot bed. Plants from a distance don't do so well as home growth.' One thing that struck us as a good idea was the Shaker method of harvesting hay. They get it in, in the afternoon, but don't unload it till the next morning. They have plenty of wagons and an abundance of floor space and shed room in which to house the loaded hay over night. By this means they can harvest a big lot of hay with comparative ease, and can pitch it off in the cool of the morning. But the average farmer can't afford the necessary 'plant' for this convenient method of hay-harvesting,We were a good deal interested also in a 'New Departure' corn cultivator, much used at the West, but just introduced here. Instead of going between the rows, this cultivator straddles'em as it were, one side of the machine going on one side the row of corn and the opposite part on the other side of the row. It is drawn by two horses, who walk between the rows. By cultivating with it both ways the ground is stirred and pulverized in a remarkably thorough manner, and little if any hand-hoeing is required. The axle of the cultivator (it runs on two light iron wheels) is of this form, _Q, so that the corn can attain a considerable height before the axle will brake it. 'Yea, there is nothing that injures hay so much as to let dock weed get into it,' said the good elder, as we walked through the mowings. 'Last spring we spent a good many dollars in having the weed pulled out, and consider it a good investment. We don't mean to have the weeds get into our fields very thickly, but if they do get into the grass we mow it early before they go to seed. If we don't the seed gets into the manure and is spread all over the farm.' This is true as gospel every time. And it is much easier to mow the weedy fields early before the weeds have seeded, than to attempt to exterminate the pest by manuring or cultivation. Daisy, thistle and sorrel especially need to be cut early for this reason. 276 SHAKER MANIFESTO. Mr. Richard Van Deusen is one of the most experienced fruit growers in Connecticut, His peach orchard of 850 trees is one of the best in New England. The trees are all uniform in shape and thrifty beyond all precedent. The trunks branch at about two feet above the ground; the body of the tree is about as broad as it is high, so that when loaded with peaches they can be almost wholly picked by a man standing on the ground. Hardly a tree is missing in the whole orchard, and so healthy and symmetrical are the tree* that it is worth going a long distance to tee them. The orchard is on a slight hill, the soil being of a red sand nature. The borers and the 'yellows' have no foot-hold here, for Mr. Van Deusen has, after much experimenting, found what several years' use seems to prove to be a- permanent remedy for these very destructive pests. It is a wash which he puts on the trees in June, from the roots up to about a foot above ground. 'Now, sir, what is that wash composed of?' we inquired. •'Oh, that is my secret. I sell the receipt for $2, but if I should tell you, you would print it in the paper and that would put an end to my .selling the receipt,' and the good brother smiled shrewdly and good-naturi dly. The peach orchard is kept plowed and free from weeds, a fine tooth harrow being run through it occasionally to keep out the weeds. An additional orchard of 400 peach trees was set out this spring. The crop this year is an utter failure, the early frosts of last year having totally killed the buds. Brother Richard believes in intensified agriculture. If he doesn't net 8100 an acre he thinks it doesn't pay. This year among his other crops are five acres of turnip seed (just harvested,) five acres of onion seed and five acres of cucumber seed. 'If Mr. Bradley could only be here to see those cucumbers 1' he exclaimed as we walked by the field. 'On this side we applied a little Bradley's phosphate in the hill, on that side bone and ashes; just see the difference.'' It certainly was very marked, where the phosphate was used being nearly twice as large and of a darker green color than where the ashes and bone were applied. Brother Richard's farming operations on 24 acres yielded over $5000 last year at an expense of less than $1200. 'That's what brings in the money,'' said he, pointing to the large field of onion seed. 'Last year from two acres of onion seed I got $2200.' There is in New England a great deal of light, plain land, as well as comparatively inaccessible hillsides, that is not worth cultivating and yet should not be allowed to remain idle. Elder Omar Pease of the north family of Shakers has appreciated the truth of this statement for years. He has carried out this doctrine, too, and of his 1500 acres 200 are now in young, thrifty white pine, all sowed by his own hand. He has tried every way of planting—by plowing and harrowing in, harrowing in on the sod, etc. After years of experience he finds, however, that merely sowing the seed on the turf is the best way. It will invariably get a good start and do well when thus planted, rib matter how hard the soil. Eight to ten quarts of seed per acre are sown. One lot of sandy plain land sowed in 1869 now has a dense growth 12 to 1G feet high. The seed does best when sowed in the early spring. 'How do you obtain the seed?' 'Ah, that was what it took me a long time to find out. And it took some years for me to learn what I have told you' about seeding with pine. Now about getting the seed. You know the pine see'l is borne in cones. Well, along in September the squirrels gnaw off these cones and they fall to the ground to make the winter store of food for the squirrels. In a good fruiting year the cones will be found under the pines very thick. We go into the woods with a cart and pick them up, gelting a load in half a day with good luck. The cones are spread out to dry on the floor of a shed or spare attic. We leave them there ti.l some time in winter, and then when .there's not much to do we rake or fork them over an 1 the seeds rattle out very easily. Then we rake off the cones and sweep up the seeds and put them in bags for future use. The pine seems to fruit well only once in three years. Some trees will seed well during years that other trees will not. This ought to be a good bearing year with our trees, but I'm afraid it won't be. The early frost last fall seems to have affected them.' Farm and Home.