BENJAMIN WHITCHER, HENRY C. BLINN. (Continued from last number.) Benjamin Whitcher still farther remarks, 'From the autumn of 1782 I became personally acquainted wit', the leading characters of the Shaker Society at Watervliet. N. Y. I also visited them at Ashfield and at Shirley, always spending several days with them and attending all their religious meetings.' 'Having known Mother Ann Lee,' Elder William Lee, Elder James Whittaker and others so familiarly, makes me able to bear witness of their piety and morality, as well as of tho purity of their doctrines. They were meek and humble, kind and benevolent, just and upright in all their deportment. 'They were industrious and prudent in all temporal concerns, and wisely temperate in all things. I saw nothing, at any time, but wrhat an enlightened conscience could approve/' Although they were greatiy persecuted for their testimony, and suffered severe personal abuse, yet they reviled not, nor did they seek the least revenge. They were often filled witli godly sorrow, and poured forth their prayers and tears to God, for the protection and salvation of souls. In this, their hearts were often filled with joy and thanksgiving to God for the merciful displays of his power and goodness. They were zealous, powerful and joyful in the worship of God. They were very kind and charitable to the poor and needy, of all classes, and always taught this to their followers as a necessary and abiding principle of righteousness. They could with the greatest propriety, say to their people, 'Be ye 268 SHAKER MANIFESTO. followers of us, even as we follow Christ.' After accepting the testimony of renewed light, and learning from Mother Ann and the Elders, the benefits of a spirit of universal interest for all, he from tills time forward, opened his house to all who accepted the same form of faith, till he numbered, in his family, not less than forty three persons. All sat at one common table, and were engaged in the business of the place, either in the house or on the farm. For several years the Believers held their public meetings every alternate sabbath at the house of Benjamin Whitcher, and. on the occasions ol the visits of the Ministers from New Lebanon, meetings were held every day, both morning and evening during their sojourn, which was usually eight or ten days. Those who had embraced the faith often collected in large numbers on Saturdays, and generally remained till Monday ; and at the time of the protracted meetings would remain during the whole week. At these times the multitude were entertained with refreshments and lodgings with the greatest care and liberality. For ten years Benjamin and Mary Whitcher continued as the faithful servants of the Lord in providing for others, as well as and often better than for themselves. At times they were reduced to a scanty supply of food, but never suffered from actual wart. John Whitcher, in his history of the Church, writes, that, 'Notwithstanding this great burden in my father's house, I never heard one word of complaint. When we consider that our temporal support depended almost wholly upon the cultivation of an exceedingly hard and stony soil, the statement seems scarcely creditable ; yet these free-will offerings were, we think, attended with a special blessing of divine Providence.' For the better accommodation of others, Benjamin would often subject himself to a privation by taking his lodging upon the floor. So generous and pleasant was the spirit of this home, that many sought a residence in the family for no other consideration than to enjoy a mutual privilege with the brethren and sisters. Sometimes this would be done not only at the expense of all worldly honor and friendship, but often upon the forfeiting of a valuable legacy. The principles of a joint interest, however, were not fully taught till the gathering of the Society in 1792. At this date, Benjamin Whitcher was one of the first who came forward and consecrated to the Lord his estate of 100 acres of good land, valued at that time at $2,150,00 with all his other property, for the benefit of the new formed society . When the church family was organized, he continued as heretofore, to aid, instruct and look after the affairs of the family, especially in regard to the spiritual instruction, and particularly during the absence of Elder Job Bishop. On the first of January 1794, it was thought necessary to establish an order &gt;f Elders in the family, and Benjamin Whitcher was appointed to the place of an Elder Brother. His companions in the order were William Lougee, Mary Hatch and Molly Drake. For twelve years he faithfully bore the burdens that devolve upon the order, and commanded during the whole of this time, the love and respect of the brethren and sisters. SHAKER MANIFESTO. 269 He was a man of deep sympathy, of a forgiving spirit and of a very liberal and generous disposition. He consecrated eyery ability for the prosperity of the gospel cause and fora permanent growth in righteousness. Although his duties for the most part continued within the boundaries of the Community, yet the records inform us that he visited the Societies of Harvard, Shirley and Enfield, N. H. He had been for a long series of years one of the active, able bodied men, whose will and muscular fibre was good for any emergency, yet as he advanced in years a general dropsy became his affliction, which terminated his life on the 28th, of October, 1827, at the age of 77 yrs. 7 months and 20 days. Canterbury, N. H.