Correspondence Dear Sisters, Marcia and Mary;—I have been mentally... Canterbury, N. H. Oct. 5, 1882. Dear Sisters, Marcia and Mary;—I have been mentally saying to you this rare Oct. morn. Please look out of your cottage window occasionally in a South' Easterly direction so that you may get a glimpse of the scene which environs we apple-gatherers to-day, one which I fain would transfer to canvass to ornament the walls of your cosy home were I able to do so. 'But,' you reply 'We cannot see so far away.' Well then I will try to give you a rough sketch of tlie picture in words for you really deserve to realize all beautiful things. Behold us then upon a sunny slope beneath the beautiful pending branches of the 'Shropshire Vine' busily gathering the fruit and yet at intervals pausing to take in the surroundings. The blue sky for instance, seen through the openings of the spreading branches, the sun glinting between their myriad leaves, and again throwing its broad beams over boundary and space just as it did centuries ago : The pure breezes coming from far off sources of cleanliness like winged messengers, seemingly to bear tidings of future peace : while sprinkled round our feet lies the ruddy, ripe abundant fruit so abundant, hit aft&gt;. r a protracted drowth, we can but realize the presence of that universal principle of benevolence which characterizes all of God's work and to which neither of you are strangers in detail. SHAKER MANIFESTO. 281 Methinks I catch your reply, 'A beautiful picture truly ; but sister this is only earthly beauty, which will fade before your sight as the stars softly melt in the morning's clear light,' In a few, brief days the cold realities of ice and snow will check the free current of nature's vital tide. Very true, sister M. but after all, it is not the mere scene itself that so enraptures, it is the thought of that Divine Intelligence which seems to pervade, infill and surround the whole visible landscape. May we not term it a heaven upon earth? One degree of heaven you say, if the heart of the admirer is at peace with conscience and therefore in sympathy with all that is noble good and true. Thank you,—This reply reminds me of a thought which recurred to me in church last Sabbath on hearing the subject of happiness treated by different speakers. Since you were not present think I will give you the item.. One of our young sisters testified strongly of the joy which she experienced from day to day in trying to live agreeably to the dictates of a faith which had rendered hw so happy. She said, I wish that other young companions not of our persuasion could share iu my happiness.— A neighbor and friend present, who with others had been invited to speak, responded kindly to the invitation;—saying, that with reference to the wish expressed for others to share in our happiness, he presumed that all present were happy. He had no reason to doubt but that all were trying to do their best and consequently are as happy in their own good homes and happy fire sides as they wished to be. On listening to this last remark, I thought bow aptly one of Ruskin's aphorisms on drawing would fit into the first speaker's reply were this an appropriate season for discussing the question. 'Every light is a shade compared to higher ghts, till you come to the sun ; and every shade is a light compared to deeper shades till you come to night.' Using this comparison I mentally said, then will this not apply to those various mental states which we call happiness? Happiness to a certain degree is realized by all conditions animal, human and divine. The animal world is generally happyf when well fed, regardless of associations. A good bone, and a caress from the master, renders Ivdo 1 appy. Plenty of toys with space for noise, enough to eat drink and wear usually happifies the child. The mere worldling enjoys his wealth in various forms and is happiest when Fame speaks loudest of his ability 1o amass it. The thrifty farmer also is proverbially happy especially if he realizes what the poet says of him.— 'A happy man is Farmer John, O, a rich and. happy man is he ! He sees the pea% and pumpkins growing The corn in tassel, the buckwheat blowing And fruit on vine and tree.'— and ttiough convinced of all this, yet, metliought,—Every degree of happiness which begins and ends with terrestrial life is but a shade in comparison with that higher, more substantial happiness which I know that you and many others enjoy, who by a practical Christian experience have followed the Savior, not 'afar off.' Dear sisters and mothers, please accept this tribute with the love of our little party now busy in the orchard. Affectionately thine, A. C. Stickney.