House-hold USE 0F BORAX FOR WASHING. The washer-women of Holland and Belgium, so proverbially clean, and who get up their linen so beautifully white, use refined borax as washing-powder, instead of soda, in the proportion of one large handful of borax-powder to about ten gallons of boiling water. They save in soap nearly half. All of the large washing-establishments adopt the same plan. For laces, cambrics, and lawns an extra quantity of powder is used, and for crinolines requiring to be made stiff, a strong solution is necessary. Borax being a neutral salt, does not in the slightest degree injure the texture of the linen. Its effect is to soften the hardest water. HOW TO MAKE TOMATO FIGS. 1'our boiling water over the tomatoes in order to remove the skins ; then weigh them and place them in a stone jar, with as much sugar as you have tomatoes, and Jet them stand two days ; then pour off the syrup, and boil and skim it until no scum rises. Then pour it over the tomatoes and let them stand for two days as before, then boil and skim again. After the third time, they are fit to dry, if the weather is good; if not let them SHAKER MANIFESTO. 287 stand in syrup until drying weather. Then place on large earthen plates or dishes, and put them in the sun to dry, which will take about a week, after which pack them down in small wooden boxes, with fine white sugar between each layer. Tomatoes prepared in this manner will keep for years. TOBACCO-A PARABLE. TOBACCO-A PARABLE Then shall the kingdom of Satan be likened to a grain of tobacco-seed, which, though exceedingly small, being cast into the ground grew, and became a great plant, and spread its leaves rank and broad, so that huge and vile worms formed a habitation thereon. And it came to pass, in the course of time, that one came to look upon it, and thought it beautiful to look upon, and much to be desired to make lads look big and manly. So they did put forth their hands and did chew thereof. And some it made sick, and others to vomit most filthily. And it further came to pass that those who chewed became weak and unmanly, and said we are enslaved and cannot cease from chewing it And the mouths of all that were enslaved became foul, and were seized with a violent spitting; and they did spit, even in ladies' parlors and in the house of the Lord of hosts. And the saints of the Most High were greatly plagued thereby. And in the course of time it came also to pass that others s miffed it. and they were taken suddenly with fits, and they did sneeze with a great and mighty sneeze, insomuch that their eyes filled with tears; and they did look exceedingly silly. And yet others cunningly wrought the leaves thereof into rolls, and did look very grave and calf-like; and their sraok? ascended up forever and ever. And the cultivation thereof became n grt-at and mighty business upon the earth : ami tl e merchantmen waxed rich by the conmuTee thereof. And it came to pass that the saints of the Most High defiled themselves therewith ; even the poor who could not buy shoes nor bread nor books for their little ones spent their money for it. And the Lord was greatly displeased therewith, and said, 'Wherefore this waste? and why do these little ones lack bread and shoes and books? Turn now your fields into corn and wheat, and put this evil thing far from you, and be separate, and defile not yourselves any more, and I will bless you and cause my face to shine on you.' But with one accord they all exclaimed, 'We cannot cease from chewing, snuffing, and puffing—we are slaves.' Christian Secretary Washing Oil-Cloths. —Some working girls cannot imagine that they can clean an oilcloth without a pail of strong, hot suds and a good, stiff' scrub brush. Then she puts to her work all the strength of a good, strong, healthy arm, and smiles with great satisfaction at the result of her labors. No doubt for a few moments, till the cloth is dry, the colors stand out clearly and the floor looks fresh and brilliant. It takes but a few of such scrubbings, however, to destroy the best oil-cloth ever made. But take a pail of clean, soft lukewarm water, a nice soft piece of flannel, and wash your oil-cloths ; wipe them very dry so that no drop of water is left to soak in and rot the fabric, and you will have little cause to complain that they wear out fast, provided you select one of good make. After washing and drying, if a cloth is wrung out of a dish of skim-milk and water and the oilcloth is rubbed over with this and then again well dried, the freshness and lustre of the cloth will well repay the extra labor.