Letter Box Dear Lena;—As I have a little leisure and am... Harvard, Mass. Sept. 4, 1882. Dear Lena;—As I have a little leisure and am sitting quite alone waiting for you to join me, I thought I would pencil a few lines to you. Just think! I have been with believers, seven years next January, and I never saw Elder Henry, before. I enjoyed the visit very much. I think we should be very grateful for this kind remembrance. I wish we cotild have had a chance to tell him all about the picnic we had with our.Shirley friends. Do you not think he would like to have beard about it? What a good time we had. I wish the day had been twice, as long. Dear sister, I have been thinking while here, how many children there are who would like the privilege that I am enjoying. O I wish that more children were blessed with such a good home, surrounded with so many kind friends, to watch over and to instruct them.' How thankful I ought to be. It is my prayer that I may realize the blessings that are bestowed upon me. I love my home and my friends, and I will try to do so well that they will all love me. With much love I bid you good bye, Rosie--Age, 13. Dear Rose;—It was a great pleasure to receive a... Harvard, Mass. Sept. 1882. Dear Rose;—It was a great pleasure to receive a few lines from you. I have lived in this society eight years and have seen Elder Henry once. We have had a privilege to see many of our dear friends, and I shall remember it with great pleasure. 0 that I might treasure in my heart every good word spoken by those who come to visit us. I often think, how thankful I should be for my good home. ,, We hardly thought when we were enjoying our visit with the friends from New Hampshire that the next day we should go all over the world (as it were) in our Geography with our good Superintendent. His lessons in Geology are very interesting, are they not? Have you solved that question he asked us, 'From whence came the soil?' 1 wish we could have asked Elder Henry about it, I guess he would have told us. The little card which I received I prize very highly. Hoping that our Fall term may close as pleasantly as it began, I will now close. Age 13. Your Sister, Lena. Our beloved Elder Henry C. Blinn, accompanied by... Harvard, Mass. Sept. 9, 1882. Our beloved Elder Henry C. Blinn, accompanied by sisters Ednali E. Eitts and Flora Williams arrived at Shirley. Also brother Frank Nowell accompanied by Eldress Isabella Russell and Ednah Colliss arrived at Harvard, Saturday, P. M. The following Sabbath the Harvard shakers accompanied by tlie Enfield visitors attended public meeting at Shirley. Elder Henry delivered a discourse ; the subject being in reference to the Bible. The audience listened with good attention. After meeting was over, bidding a hasty adieu, we returned home. Monday following, Elder Henry and the sisters arrived at Harvard, in a heavy rain. During the afternoon the visitors from Canterbury and from Enfield, also several of the Brethren and Sisters from our own family spent about two hours at the school house. After the exercises were finished Elder Henry, brother Frank and the four sisters, gave the pupils some very good advice that we grate. fully received. After this the Enfield visitors bid adieu to our Harvard home and took the train for Shirley. That evening our Canterbury friends remained at the Office, and we went over to see them. The next morning we parted with them not knowing when we should meet again. But I hope that I may so live, and so prize my privilege, that I may sometime, meet them again. My home withBelievershas been but twc years, but my determination is to be honest and truthful, that I may, win the love of my fathers, mothers and dear companions. fi Carrie Coeyman.-— Age, 14.