BIBLICAL TEACHING. M. ELLA BRIGGS. [Written for, and read before, the Bible Class.] 'Lay not up. for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal.' Matt. vi. 19. To whom was Jesus speaking while giving this counsel, so fraught with wisdom. Even at the present date it would seem very applicable, when worldly wealth becomes the great absorbing theme. It could not have been exclusively to the few who were fishing for their daily sustenance, those unto whom he had previously said, 'Follow me and I will make you fishers of men.' It was, no doubt, spoken to the multitude, as the chapter is but a continuation of his sermon on the mount. In addressing a multitude, one may have a very diversified audience, and on this account we may suppose that he was speaking to persons of every class. He would have them beware of acquisitiveness and to use the things of this world as gifts from the Heavenly Father. This might have seemed almost superfluous to the poor,—those who by incessant toil and hardships were obliged to earn their daily bread, but to the selfish, rich man there is an ever present danger, of ease, and self-pleasure and these especially must have been included in the admonition. To us, however, is fulfilled this promise, 'And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife or children or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundred fold, and shall inherit eternal life.' Matt. xix. 29. This enjoins upon us a greater responsibility, while having reference to individual property, which the natural heart broods over with a watchful eye. AVe should have a care and solicitude for the entire heritage of God, faithful in the things of this life, that we may justly inherit Life Eternal. 'It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the Kingdom of God.' Some who have gathered to themselves an abundance of wealth, think we should not be censured for improving to the best advantage the faculties given by the Author of every good gift. If strictly honest, an example worthy of the gods,—they should realize a blessing, in this use of the talents given, to the honor and glory of God, forever. However, riches have ever been cumbersome and a source of much discomfort. Even Solomon after enjoying all that this earth could afford, exclaimed,—-'Vanity of vanities, all is vanity.' 'But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where moth and rust cannot corrupt, and where thieves do not break through and steal.' What are these imperishable treasures, which abide even in eternity? We can take nothing of a material character to that heavenly abode. What then may we be gathered unto? Every sacrifice made for the well being of another, every kind word, or act will prove a shining thread, woven into the garment that shall enrobe the spirit form. When a small child, I often heard that our Mother Hannah Goodrich said, 'Every pin saved is helping to make a star in your crown.' If each Christian virtue could be encouraged as the above, it might be to us of immortal wealth. These, then are the treas- SHAKER MANIFESTO. 275 ures to be sought after with all diligence We have an evidence that there is a realm of peace beyond this sphere of action, however rough may be the path. It is a land of realities, where each one shall receive a reward as their works shall merit. 'Where moth and rust cannot corrupt, and where thieves do not break through and steal.' Enfield, N. H.