Books and Papers Phrenological Journal and Science of Health In the Phrenological Journal and Science op Health for November, which has come promptly to hand, we notice an admirable article on 'Ernerson's Poetry and Creed,' and a very entertaining sketch of Longfellow's Home and every-day life, by one who knew him. The late Berthold Auerbach, so well known to the reader of high-class novels, receives appreciative attention, and so does the lion of the day in European affairs, General Wolseley, whose success in the Egyptian struggle 1 has brought him into special prominence. Dr. William Aikman gives an excellent epitome of the Race Characteristics of the Anglo-Saxon, and an itinerant photographer writes pleasantly of his experiences among the 'natives' of Newfoundland, the past summer. In the health department, sufferers from corns and bunions will find 'something to their advantage' in the illustrated article with the heading 'Where the Shoe Pinches,' and the great need of physiological and hygienic information among the people is the burden of 'Medical Difficulties.' How improper living and the taking of medicines cause illness and disease is the topic which obtains a brief notice in two articles, and then the needs of our table are ministered to in a dozen neat recipes, while the departments of general science and correspondence are filled with pertinent matter. One of the Journal's staff attended the late meeting of the American Science Association, and gives an instructive review of the discussions and liberal entertainment of our Canadian neighbors. Altogether, this is a notable Number and should help the circulation of the magazine. Price only 20 cents, or $2.00 a year, with the last three months of this year free, together with life-size Phrenological Bust free to all subscribers. To find out what the Phrenological. Journal is like, }Tou can send 25 cents in stamps for a trial trip of 3 months. Address Fowler &amp; Wells, Publishers, 753 Broadway, New York. The St. Louis Magazine The St. Louis Magazine for October contains a splendid illustrated article on the Grand Opera House of St. Louis, several splendid stories, an illustrated Fashion Article and other useful family reading. A sample copy sent on receipt ol two 3 cent stamps. Address T. J. Gilmore, 213 N. Eighth St, St. Louis, Mo. The Homiletic Monthly The. following are among the contents of The IIomiletic Monthly for November: Sermonie— 'Love to an Unseen Christ,' by B. M. Palmer, D. D., of New Orleans; 'Personal Virtue and Religion—To Young Men,' by C. II. Hall, D. D., of Brooklyn; 'Love aii'l I, a Mystery,' with a facsimile of the Pulpit Notes used during the delivery of the Sermon, by Rev. C. II. Spurgeon; 'God's Way in the Sanctuary,' by R. S. Storrs, D.D.; 'Activity the Condition of Growth,' by Rev. Milton Fiery; 'The Completeness of Divine Teaching,''by Joseph Parker, D. D.; 'Coming to 286 SHAKER MANIFESTO. Christ,' by E. W. Hitchcock, I). D.; 'The Vanities,' by T. DeWitt Talmage, D. D. Among a number of interesting papers are the following: 'The Advantages of extemporaneous Preaching,' No. I, by James M. Buckley, D. D.; 'Hints to Young Preachers,' No. II, by Prof. James M. Hoppin, D.D.; 'Misquoted Scripture,' No. VII, byTalbot W. Chambers, D. D.; 'Residuum of Power,' by Rev. A. McElroy Wylie. There are a score or more of very suggestive articles, grouped under ';he heads of Preachers Exchanging Views,' 'Sermonic Criticisms' and 'Living Issues for Pulpit Treatment.' The magazine is full of interest and instruction to clergymen and other students of Scripture. Price, 2.50 per year; single number, 25 cents. Punk &amp; Wagnalls, 10 and 12 Dey Street, New York. Other World Order Other Wo eld Ordeh; Suggestions and Conclusions thereon, by William White, London 1876. The author claims to be the sun of Quaker parents, but has on his religious pilgrimage through life passed through several of the theological isms, andnow confidently asks,—'Who knows anything of the order of the other world?' He then contends 'that there is place and use in the divine economy for all varieties of men and women; and that there is not any one, however perverse or insignificant, who is not created for some function in universal humanity.' The whole work breathes a liberality and trust in God that is very acceptable, and must commend itself to the liberal intelligence of the di.y. London; E. W. Allen, 11 Ava Maria Lane, E. C. Cloth, small 8 vo., Price 30. History of the English people A. GOOD CYCLOPEDIA. We have heretofore published notices referring to the publication of Green's famous 'History of the English People,' which is issued by The Useful Knowledge Publishing Company, of New York. Besides its issue in five handsome 'Elzevir' volumes, and in one 'Model Octavo' volume, it forms a portion of the Cyclopedia of History, which is being published by the same house. The plan of the Cyclopedia of History is that it shall contain, unabridged, the great standard works of such authors as Green, Macaulay, Grote, Carlyle, Creasey, Schiller, Mommsen, Gibbon, anJ others, with such additions by the editors and special writers as will be necessary to make the Cyclopedia complete and universal in character; unity and convenience of consultation being secured by the publication of the 'World's Index of Knowledge' in connection with it. Mechanical News JL POl'UJLAIft We are in receipt of the 'MechanicalNews' for November 1st, published by James Leffel &amp; Co., No. 110 Liberty Street, New York, and take pleasure in calling the attention of our readers to the same. With the present number the publishers send out a supplement in the shape of an illustrated Premium List, that reflects credit on the selection of the articles offered and the typographical appearance of the List. Upon application to the publishers this premium List will be sent free to any address, and from its pages useful articles can be secured, with or without the paper, at a reasonable price, and with the certainty of fair treatment, as the subscriber or purchaser will be dealing with an old and reliable business firm. The List will be found very useful to those who live remote from the large cities, for the selection of holiday presents. The 'News' is among (he best papers that come to our editorial table filled as it is with original and choice illustrations of the important and novel inventions of the time-s. Its editorial pages are replete with well considered articles of practical subjects, readily understood by any reader; while its comprehensive news melange makes it attractive to those interested in the industrial prosperity of our country—the whole forming a rich store of useful reading, the 'News' is furnished at One Dollar per year, including a useful premium.