Books and Papers Phrenological Journal and Science of Health In the Phrenological Journal and Science op Health for November, which has come promptly to hand, we notice an admirable article on 'Ernerson's Poetry and Creed,' and a very entertaining sketch of Longfellow's Home and every-day life, by one who knew him. The late Berthold Auerbach, so well known to the reader of high-class novels, receives appreciative attention, and so does the lion of the day in European affairs, General Wolseley, whose success in the Egyptian struggle 1 has brought him into special prominence. Dr. William Aikman gives an excellent epitome of the Race Characteristics of the Anglo-Saxon, and an itinerant photographer writes pleasantly of his experiences among the 'natives' of Newfoundland, the past summer. In the health department, sufferers from corns and bunions will find 'something to their advantage' in the illustrated article with the heading 'Where the Shoe Pinches,' and the great need of physiological and hygienic information among the people is the burden of 'Medical Difficulties.' How improper living and the taking of medicines cause illness and disease is the topic which obtains a brief notice in two articles, and then the needs of our table are ministered to in a dozen neat recipes, while the departments of general science and correspondence are filled with pertinent matter. One of the Journal's staff attended the late meeting of the American Science Association, and gives an instructive review of the discussions and liberal entertainment of our Canadian neighbors. Altogether, this is a notable Number and should help the circulation of the magazine. Price only 20 cents, or $2.00 a year, with the last three months of this year free, together with life-size Phrenological Bust free to all subscribers. To find out what the Phrenological. Journal is like, }Tou can send 25 cents in stamps for a trial trip of 3 months. Address Fowler &amp; Wells, Publishers, 753 Broadway, New York. The St. Louis Magazine The St. Louis Magazine for October contains a splendid illustrated article on the Grand Opera House of St. Louis, several splendid stories, an illustrated Fashion Article and other useful family reading. A sample copy sent on receipt ol two 3 cent stamps. Address T. J. Gilmore, 213 N. Eighth St, St. Louis, Mo.