TRUE HAPPINESS. HERVEY L. EADES. Before people will forsake the world and come to Christ, they^ will have to feel a strong assurance that by so doing they will be rendered more happy here and hereafter. Happiness is of three kinds, viz : celestial or spiritual; intellectual ; and sensual or animal ; and the latter is unworthy the name, yet the multitude seek it and are thereby ruined. 'He only can be esteemed really happy who enjoys peace of mind in the favor of God ;' and this can only be attained through Jesus Christ, by obeying His teaching, and walking as He walked. The second is attainable by the good and the bad, according to their capacity and application. The third is enjoyed by animals, and by animal, sensual man. 'Every gratification,' says Dr. Beattie, 'of which human nature is capable, may be comprehended under the one or the other of these three classes, viz. ; 'The pleasures of the outward sense, the pleasures of imagination and intellect, and the pleasures that result from the right exercise of our moral powers. The delights that arise from the latter source, and from the approbation of conscience, are, of all gratification, the most dignified. The more a man attaches himself to them the more respectable he becomes ; and it is not possible for him to carry such attachment to excess. With disgust or with pain, they are never attended. 'To virtue, therefore, which is the right exercise of our moral powers, the character of chief good does belong, which will appear still more evident, when we consider that the hope of future felicity is the, chief consolation of the present life, and that the virtuous alone can reasonably entertain that hope. As on the other hand, vice, in the most prosperous condition, is subject to the pangs of a guilty conscience and to the dreadful anticipation of future punishment, which are sufficient to destroy all earthly happiness.' This corroborates what I have said, and, coming, as it does, from one of your own number and class, can be the more readily and easily received ; but I shall endeavor to make it still more evident. I love to collate, compare and draw evidence for truth from any quarter. 'The prudent man forseeth the evil and hideth himself, but the simple go on and are punished.' Every reflecting mind will admit that the combination of the spiritual and intellectual forms the only happiness worthy the name, which I call true happiness. This being in the possession of 270 SHAKER MANIFESTO. any soul, he may be said to have obtained 'the pearl of great price.' But none ever reached this goal till Jesus Christ came, and, by the sacrifice and crucifixion of all sensual and merely animal appetites, obtained and then declared the truth to the world ; 'This is the way, walk ye in it.' Since then, philosophers and pious men, on the natural plane of life, could only approximate the truth, we should learn of those, if such can be found, 'who have purified their souls in obeying the truth through the spirit,''(I Pet. i. 22.) by obedience to Him who first found the whole truth and brought 'life and immortality to light.'' For, 'if any of you err from the truth, and any one convert him —he who converteth the sinner from the error of his way shall save a soul from death.' James, v. 20. Then, iu accordance with the testimony and life of the Savior, I affirm this great truth, which was hidden from the world till Christ, viz. ; that all the miseries that are in the world, and afflict the human family, or ever will afflict them, are, and will be the consequence of the indulgence of the lower passional nature of man. On the other hand, all true happiness that was ever gained by any soul, was the consequence of self-abnegation, that is the denial of the selfish, sensual, and lower propensities; that is to Say, in brief, self-denial bringeth happiness,— self-indiiigeisee bringeth misery. None can gainsay this truth. It comes to the home experience of every man. Take any twenty four hours of your life, and before God and your conscience compare notes, and see if I am not sustained in this declaration. Then write it in your minute books and in your albums, and above all, write it in your hearts; and if you practice it in your daily conduct through life, 'your soul shall be saved from death.' All men—great and good men— anterior and subsequent to the advent of Christ, who are living on the Adamic or natural plane, have believed, and still believe, that a moderate indulgence of the selfish and sensual appetites was compatible with the celestial or higher Christ life, and the best of them think some such gratification cannot be avoided. Hear Plato ; 'The nature of mankind is greatly degenerated and depraved. All manner of disorders infest human nature, and men, being impotent, are torn in pieces by their lusts' as by so many wild horses.' So it was; man was impotent. Until Christ, there was J none to set the example or lead the way ; but He comes with a light eclipsing all former lights ; with this great truth inscribed on His unfurled banner, floating before the eyes of .the world. Selfindulgence bringeth misery ; self-denial bringeth happiness. He does not admit of even a moderate indulgence of the selfish and sensual, but gives His whole soul and body to God, and then says to the world, 'Follow me.' Christ does not admit impotence in his true followers, and Paul says he 'can do all things (necessary to salvation) through Christ strengthening him.' And how does Christ strengthen His followers? He strengthens them by His teaching, but more by His example. Although Locke admits the impotency of man, he tells us some good things. 'If any extreme disturbance (as sometimes it happens) possesses the whole mind—as when the pain of the rack, love, SHAKER MANIFESTO. 271 anger, or any other violent passion running away with us, allows us not the liberty of thought—God, who knows our frailty, pities our weakness, and requires of us no more than we are able to do, and will judge us as a kind and merciful father. 'But the forbearance of a too hasty compliance with our desires, the moderation and restraint of our passions, so that our* understanding may be free to examine, and reason, unbiased, gives its judgment, being that whereon a right direction of our conduct to true happiness depends—it is in this we should employ our chief care and endeavors. In this we should take pains to suit the relish of our minds to the true, intrinsic good or ill that is in things. How much this is in every one's power by making resolutions to himself, such as he may keep, is easy for every one to try. Nor let any one say he cannot govern his passions ; nor hinder them from breaking out and carrying him into action ; for what he can do before a prince or a great man he can do alone, or in the presence of God, if he will.' This is certainly commendable advice and sound reasoning, but I am of the opinion that none will be able to fully keep themselves without the facilities afforded in God's Zion, or the order He has established on earth for the protection and redemption of man. (To BE CONTINUED.)