THE WORDS WE SPEAK. THE WORDS WE SPEAK. Our words are imperishable. Like winded messengers, they go forth, but never to be recalled—never to die. They have a mighty power for good or evil through all time ; and before the spirit of God they will be swift witnesses for or against us. The words we speak have a mighty power; and there are words angels might covet to utter. There are words of comfort to the afflicted. There are sad hearts that need comfort everywhere, and there are words of blame and cold indifference, or feigned sympathy, that fall like lead upon the stricken spirit; and there are blessed heart-words of cheer, which bear up the soul and enable it to look out from the dark night of its troubles, and discern the silver lining of the gloomy cloud. There are words of counsel to the young, to the tempted, the erring. Speak them earnestly, affectionately, and though the waves of circumstance may soon waft them away from your observation, yet sueli is God's husbandry, that if uttered in faith and with prayer, He will take care that on an earthly or heavenly shore the reaper shall rejoice that he was a sower. There are kind words; how little they cost, how priceless they are ! Harsh words beget harshness; and fretful words, like a certain little insect, sting us into a feverish impatience. But who can resist the charm of kind, loving words? The heart expands beneath them as to the sunshine, and they make us happjer and better. Then there are cheerful words, and why should we dole them out with such miserly care? They ought to form the atmosphere of our homes, and to be habitual in all our social intercourse. We have so many weaknesses, so many crosses, so much that is down-hill in life, that the habit of thinking and speaking cheerfully is invaluable. But there are other words against which we should pray, 'Set a watch, 0 Lord, before my mouth : keep the door of my lips.' There are words of falsehood and deceit. They lurk in our expressions of civility, our professions of friendship, our transactions of business. How early do children, even, begin to weave a web of deceit, and how carefully should those who train them watch against this sin, and, by example and precept, teach them always and everywhere to speak the truth. There are slanderous words—how mischievous they are ! There are the words of the tale-bearers, that breed suspicions and jealousies in neighborhoods, and between families. There are envious words and flattering words, and faltering, which are no better. Then there is the long list of idle words, or by-words, as they are called. But there is another class of words to which we would gladly refer—they are the words of eternal life. Cornelius sent for Peter that he might speak words to him. What blessed words those were ! Will they not be remembered with joy by both speaker and hearer throughout all eternity? As we pass along through the world, God will often let us speak a word for Him; and if we seek His aid, He will make it a word of power and comfort, a word in season, to him that is weary. Selected