NOTES He went about doing good. Exactly. Just the work in which we should be engaged. The circuit may be large or small; the number before whom we publish our mission, may be few or many, but the same demand for the same continuous works of brotherly interest for poor humanity has not essentially lessened. There are wounds to heal and tears to brush away, and at this moment we are anxiously waiting for the good Samaritan to pass along. To throw out a stone when a piece of bread has been solicited would, by most persons be considered as rather severe, or to place before the hungry a poisonous snake, when He had asked for a fish. As cold and mean as this act may seem, the lesson was no doubt a powerful illustration of character and very characteristic of those pharisaical Jews, and it does not require a very close observer to see that the same quality of mind has been handed down through the many generations and throws itself upon the society of today. There are some conditions which we 'are bound to respect' if we are to become the children of God, and one phase among the essentials is to be 'peace makers.' Religious creeds and dogmas are at a dscount. Faith and hope may have been seals of genuineness and of safety at a former age, but the religion of Christ is to make a man, 'first pure, then peaceable and easily to be entreated,' and this religion will never commend itself very much to others till the nominal Christian learns first to 'govern his tongue' and then to purify his own heart. This must ever be found as far more effectual, in the conversion of souls, than to work hard and selfishly to govrn others. The simplicity of the gospel lessons should not be over looked. 'The good man, out of the treasure of the heart, oringeth forth good things.' 'Speak gently 'tis a little thing, Dropped in the heart's deep well; The good, the joy which it may bring, Eternity will tell.' A religious body of people by the name of 'Overcomers' have arisen in SHAKER MANIFESTO. 279 Chicago. They consider that every act should be introduced by prayer. They carry the bible with them, into their daily occupation and spend much of their tim,e in prayer. We shall hope for the prosperity of this new class of religionists, that they may be honorably entitled to the very significant name which they have chosen. There has been some little trouble in the public schools of Andover, Vt.. over biblical recitations. A boy lef the school, by advice of his father, but without permission from the teacher, during the reading of the bible. The case is before the County Court. These petty quarrels over the reading of the bible, seem much like the duel fought by the two Knights, after their dispute about the color of the shield. They neglected to examine both sides till after the quarrel had ended. A. MERRY CHEISTMASI Before the close of the present month we shall enjoj one of those especial days, that the thousands of little folks, and may be^no less in number of persons of mature years, will hail with delight. Every reader of the Manifesto, very naturally, will claim the right to make it all that its title designates, A Merry Christmas ! The wish should pass from house to house and from village to village filled with an expression of that love and Christian care which so rully abounded in the lite of the Lord Jesus. The religious service, the dining hall, and the domestic duties of the d ,y should embody the spirit of the festival, and awaken a cheerfulness in the mind, which shall impart new life and be the means of making our lives better and happier than ever before. It is singular, indeed, that a day so rigidly observed by a few Christian sects, should in process of time have become so universally accepted as a day of good wishes, and happy remembrances. Even our puritan fathers forbade the observance of the day, calling it a Roman Catholic feast, or an observance of the Mass for Christ. As the date of the birth of Jesus has never been ascertained, the consideration which we give to Christmas, must necessarily be a matter of church pleasure, rather than as a fact. The Romish church in the sixth century 'transferred the celebration of the nativity of Christ to the twenty fifth of December for the purpose of drawing away the Christian people from all participation in the heathen festivals, and of gradually drawing the pagans themselves from their heathen customs to the Christian celebration.' Paterson, N. J. Editor of Manifesto :—We send thee two dolfars. Thou wilt send out that in Manifestos when you like. We also send one dollar for our next year's subscription. H. Arnot. We think we are able, fully, to appreciate the kindness of the above gift, and trust that our dear friend will feel more than repaid, as he bears in mind the good word that is sent from house to house. 'He that giveth to the poor, lendeth to the Lord,' retains all the vitality in which the promise was given. Objects so worthy bear their own reward. 280 SHAKER MANIFESTO. Hancock, Mass. The school in District N.o. 7, known as the Shaker school, deserves an honorable mention. It is a striking illustration of what has been so often said of home influence among the pupils in our public schools. After three visits during the summer session taught by Martha Johnson we feel justified in saying that better order is sustained there than in any other school in town. We notice:! particularly the position of the pupils while reading or reciting, no uneasy changing or lounging too frequently seen in school but an erect, graceful attitude accompanied by a clear distinct articulation. It would be gratifying if more of the politeness noticeable here could be developed in other schools in town. We shall not soon forget the pleasant 'Thank you' from classes to whom we had given a little help by some suggestion or explanation. The recitations were prompt and correct, the reading far above the average among pupils of their age. The school room a pattern of neatness and comfort in itself, will seat twenty, and here as in everything is shown the interest the patrons take in education. There is an ample supply of books, maps and whatever is needed to assist both teacher and pupil and make the school pleasant and attractive. We noticed a musical instrument and asked the teacher if she taught singing. She directly pi oduced books, selected a piece and requested one of the girls to play, which she did quietly and without any of the silly protestations usually made by the young lady of the present time, while as in the other exercises every one cheerfully bore her part with. credit to herself and pleasure to the listeners. The teacher, teaches not for a mere pecuniary consideration, but works faithfully and conscientiously for the good of those entrusted to her care. The Shakers have learned to some purpose that, '¦Whatever is worth doing, is worth doing well.' Susan M. AVliite. Chairman School Committee.