Juvenile THE MYSTERY OP THE SEED. Lucy Larcom. Children dear, can you read The mystery of the seed— . The little seed that will not remain In earth, but rises in fruit and grain? A mystery, passing strange Is the seed, in its wonderous change; Forest and flower in its husk concealed, And golden wealth of harvest-field. Ever around, and above Works the invisible love, It lies in the heaven and under the land, In blossom and sheaf and reaper's hand. Sower, you surely know That the harvest never will grow Except for the angel's snow and rain Who water and ripen the springing grain! Awake for us, heart and eye, Are watchers beyond the sky; There are unseen reapers in every band Who lend their strength to the weary hand. When the wonderful light breaks through From above, on the work we do We can see how near our helpers are Who carry the sickle and wear the star. Sower, you surely know That good seed never will grow Except for the angel of joy and pain, Who scatter the sunshine and pour the rain.' Child, with the sower sing! Love is in every thing! The secret is deeper than we can read— But we gather the grain if we sow the seed.— Lucy Larcom in St. Nicholas. This is not the cold I had last winter, said a little fellow of five years... This is not the cold I had last winter, said a little fellow of five years, that was a big one that made me stay in bed. E. THE KIND DRIVER. THE KIND DRIVER. A lady sitting at a window with some friends, saw a wagon and a pair of horses cuming down the road, driven by a stout boy. 'Here comes a kind driver,' she said 'I've noticed the way he treats his horses, and their obedience and attachment. Wait until he gets near, and I'll speak to him.' So when the boy came opposite to the house, the lady called out, 'Good morning, Benjamin. Won't you show my friends what a bright pair of horses you have? Make them shake hands.' The driver called, 'Whoa!' to the horses, and as soon as they had stopped, he said, speaking to one of them,' Tom, shake hands !'' when instantly the horse lifted his foot in a pleased, gentle way, and gave it into the boy's hand, who, after shaking it and letting it fall, said: 'Now, Tom, the other;' and up went that also. Then he went around to the other horse, and he did the same thing in the same gentle and pleased way. 'Now turn round and come on,' called out the boy; and instantly, without the crack of a whip or a loud command, the docile animals turned carefully the wagon, to which they were harnessed, and followed their kind driver as a dog would have followed his master. 'Thank you, Benjamin,' said the lady. 'I wanted my friends to see how much more obedient animals can be made by kind than by harsh treatment.' As the boy drove on with his horses, pleased with the notice that had been taken of him, one of the ladies said : 'This reminds me of a little pony that is managed entirely without a whip. The pony obeys his master with all the docility of a dog. He has but to say, 'Tom, come here a little'' or 'Tom, a little farther,' and pony, just as if he could do everything but say 'Yes' in reply instantly does what he is told. On being asked one day if he never used the whip, the driver answered,'Oh, sir, if I were to use a whip, he would feel it,'—meaning that if he were to strike the pony, the animal's feelings would be hurt as much as his body-' Hundreds of stories like these could, be told, all showing how obedient, and gentle horses, as well as other animals, will become through kind treatment. We have only room, however, lor this short one about a horse which had a very benevolent master: 'A Polish general once sent a man on a message, and ordered him to ride his favorite horse. When the messenger returned, he declared he would never ride that horse again, unless he could take the general's purse along with it. At every.poor man asking alms he met, the horse would stop, nor would he go on again until he either gave him something, or pretended to do so.' The horse showed plainly the kind of master he had served; and, if he himself had not learned the Christian lesson of pity for the deserving poor, he gave his new rider a pretty strong hint of his duty in the matter. Carrier Dove.