LIFE IN THE WOODS, NO. 2. GRANVILLE T. SPROAT. [Being a narrative of events that occured during a sojourn of twelve years among the Indians of the North-West.] But, to return to our journey. When we reached the Indian camp, I threw up my wigwam in the enclosure, and Ma-gwah-gah-bo also constructed his own, not; many feet distant. I then went out to visit the Indians, leaving him sitting in my wigwa.m. When I returr ed, he, had retired'to his own, and, J. noticed that a bottle of antimonial wine, among my medicines, had been disturbed. I looked, and found that out of a quart, nearly a pint was missing. I thought, 'Has the old n: an been drinking my antimonial wine— thinking it to be fire-broth? (whiskey.). If so, I shall hear from him before morning; therefore I will be quiet and wait.' About midnight, his old wife came running into my 282 SHAKER MANIFESTO. wigwam. She was in a great fluster : 'Oh, do go and see Ma-gwah-gah-bo !' 'Why, what is the matter?' 'Oh, he is so sick! He has done nothing but vomit, all day and all night.' I arose and went into his wigwam. There he lay—stretched on the ground, with hardly strength left to move a limb. 'Ah-koo-zitnah?' ('Sick? hey?') 'Yes, very sick' 'What is the matter?' I shall never forget his look of drollery, as he said, 'You know as well as I do? Is this the way the fire-broth does, when the Pale Faces drink it? make them so sick?' -'Yes, just so sick—sometimes.' Well, if this is the way the firebroth does, I will never drink any more firebroth as long as I live.' And he kept his word. I never knew of his drinking liquor after this—always remembering the antimonial wine—the fire-broth. While stopping at this time in camp, I saw, for the first time, an Indian punished for murder. He had killed his wife; or had so misused her that she died in consequence. On her grave, after her burial, I saw him sitting; his face painted black, and his whole appearance exhibiting the most extreme dejection. I said to Ma-gwah-gah-bo, 'Why does he sit there in that guise, and with that look of despair' He replied, 'He has killed his wife; he knows what the end will be.' He then told me that the Indians punish murder by taking all the hunting and fishing implements from the murderer, shutting him out from their wigwams, and thus condemning him to death by starvation. If he goes to ask for food, and it is given him, poison is given with it, by the command of the chief. If he attempts to flee to another tribe, the question is asked, 'What does this murderer here?'—since nothing but murder, they know, would induce him to leave his own tribe for another; and he is condemned to suffer the same fate from which he vainly tried to escape. If he builds for himself a lodge in the wilderness, he is pursued, and poison is secretly administered in his drink, or food. 'Tis a doom from which there is no escaping. Go where he will, the avenger of blood is at his heels. He another Cain—branded with his mark upon him—a 'fugitive and a vagabond in the earth.' I tremble to think of such a doom—so miserably lingering and hopeless! A few evenings after witnessing the burial scene, as I sat in my wigwam, the murderer entered. He looked pale and haggard, and seated himself on the ground, near the door. Neither of us spoke. At last he asked the question, 'Has the pale face got meat in his kettle?'—Now, the Indian has, hanging in his wigwam, what he calls the 'stranger's kettle,' in which he puts meat for the stranger. It hangs within his wigwam just before the door, that the stranger may have free access to it. Beneath it lies the 'stranger's mat,' and there is no wigwam without the stranger's mat and kettle. I replied, 'Yes, there is meat in the kettle.' He said, 'May I speak a word? Has the pale face put poison into his kettle?' 'No,' I replied, 'I never put poison into my kettle.' 'Then, I will eat,' he said, and got up, helped himself to the meat, and sat down. After a few moment's silence he arose to go, and said, 'If I should come again tomorrow, would there still be meat in the stranger's kettle?' I replied, 'If you should come again tomorrow, there is the kettle—help yourself. But if you should come to my wigwam every day, and ask me for meat, and I should give it you, would not the chief order poison to be put into my kettle too? Should we not both of us die;' He replied, 'The pale face speaks the truth. I shall not come any more. And he did not come any more. After three days, as I was goirg through the camp, I heard the sound of distress coming from one of the wigwams. I looked in. There he lay, prostrate on the ground, writhing in agony. I asked the woman standing out side of the wigwam, 'Who gave him the poison?' 'I gave it to him,' she replied. 'The chief ordered it. He came to my wigwam, and asked me for food. I put poison into it. He knew there was poison in it. He wanted to die. I did not stop to witness his agony. I came right away.' The Indians believed that, after death, the soul goes on a three day's journey over a vast prairie. This prairie is barren and desolate, and shrouded in darkness, without sun, moon, or stars, and with only the feeble 13gM SHAKER MANIFESTO. 283 of the fire left burning for them, over their graves, to guide the traveler on his journey. Fie often missed the way, for the path was narrow, and side paths were leading from it, which, if taken, would become more and more obscure, and lead the traveler out on to a trackless waste. Wandering spirits, (Teefo',)would often meet him, and whisper in his ear, shrieking, and gibbering, in the dreadful darkness. If he had been a murderer, his feet trod on serpents, (Key-e-bcck,) that stung him, and wild beast, ( Raw-sham-gance,) the wild cat, the panther, and the bear, would tear his flesh. But if he had been a good Indian, true and faithful to his tribe, had sat by the council fires of the chiefs, and spoken words of wisdom to the young men, then he easily regained his path, and pursued his way directly to the mystic spirit river that separated the prairie from the Land of Souls. There he could look over, and see beautiful lodges, and encampments, on the other side, and friends coming out to meet him, down by the river shore. He crossed the river in safety, on a pole that lay floating on the water, over which none could pass in safety. (To BE CONTINUED.)