REASONS WHY SHAKER'S SOCIETIES CANNOT BE MADE BODIES CORPORATE. 1st. Trustees of corporate bodies inu.«t be elected by vote, by the members of the corporation ; this is not in accordance with the genius of our institution. 2nd. Their term of office is limited by law ; this would conflict with our interests sometimes, possibly. 3rd. Their powers and duties must be denned by law. Ours is most properly prescribed by our Covenantal Constitution. 4th. The legal restrictions confine the authority of the Trustees to the character of the political institutions of our country ; these are not compatible with the genius of our institutions. Second. Morally and Religiously considered. 1st. The real and personal estate is not a joint tenancy, nor a tenancy in common,. ^ but J a consecrated whole! Therefore, it iw not consistent with the genius of the institution to be organized or recognized as a body politic, nor a hody corporate. But it is a Body Reli'jiovH, and very great care is requisite not to confound this characteristic feature! of our institution with those of a body Corporate, or Politic. We cannot receive the forms or principles of our institution from civil and political governments, and can have, governmentally, and organically, no connection with them further than to obey their laws, and enjoy the common protection, and endure the common obligations they extend to all as far as our religious faith will permit. 2nd. Shakers ask governmental protection in the arrangement of a perpetuity and entailment of real and personal estate to the Shaker Covenantal Consecration and Institution, on the ground that the whole estate is a consecrated possession, sacred alone to religious and charitable purposes, judged of by the religious constitution of Christianity as 266 SHAKER MANIFESTO. understood by the true followers of Christ. 3rd. The Shaker's Society, as such, can never connect itself with the world ; from this it must ever retain isolation. 4th. The Shakers do not, and cannot hold property as a Community estate, whether real or personal. The property 'held in trust by them is all consecrated to God, and religious and charitable purposes. All the Community can claim is the usufruct; and the Trustees hold this only in a legal sense and in a capacity solely as Trustees, or God's agents, to manage it for religious and charitable purposes, the usufruct of which, only belongs to the society of consecrators ; and, the Trustees in common with their Brethren and Sisters of the Covenantal organization, can only claim a share in the usufruct. 5th. It is, in all cases, very important that the Trustees, when appointed to the office, should be covenant members of a full consecration. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.