THE TEMPERATURE OF BEDROOMS. THE TEMPERATURE OF BEDROOMS. One evil accruing from the cold sleeping room is the excuse it ofFers for imperfect ventilation, says a medical authority. It is so dreadfully cold at best, that'if the doors or windows are thrown open'even for a few moments through the day, one feels morally certain he will freeze to death at night, and hence the bedroom is left closed day after day, with no chance for the inside air to escape or the outside air to get in, save such as the small cracks between sashes and about windows afford. And what kind of air do we breathe in consequence? Air so impure and vitiated that the only wonder is that i does not kill on the spot, instead of deferring this result to some distant but no less certain day. The seeds of disease are sown in lie system, to grow and produce their fruitage by and by. Another disadvantage of the cold sleeping room is the necessity it engenders for a great amount of cover—an array of quilts and blankets that weigh upon one like lead, but fail to keep out the cold. Such a weight of bed clothes is both wearying and weakening, particularly to the young and frail. You wake in the morning feeling as if you had changed places with Atlas, and had been holding up the world on your shoulders through the night. All this may be avoided by having sleeping rooms so arranged that a little fire can be built in them at need. This does not mean that it is necessary to keep a fire all day or every day. But whenever the weather is damp or intensely cold a fire should be made and allowed to burn briskly for at least two or three hours before bedtime, to dry out the air and dry and warm the bed, after which it may be allowed to go out, though, if very cold, it is better to replenish with fuel, close the dampers and leave to emit a slow heat through the night. By doing this, and lowering one of the windows an inch at the top, you can be comfortable and have fresh air at the same time ; when, if other bodily conditions are favorable, you will sleep the sleep of the just and awake in the morning, not tired and frozen and out of sorts, but rested, happy and refreshed. Selected.