House &amp; Farm THE USES OF AMMONIA S'. O. J., in the Country Gentleman, says : 'Spirits of ammonia is nearly as useful in housekeeping as soap, and its cheapness brings it Avithin the reach of all. For many household purposes it is invaluable ; yet its manifold uses are not as generally known as they should be It is a most refreshing agent at the toilet table ; a few drops in a basin of water, will make a better bath than pure water, and if the skin is oily, it will remove all glossiness, and also disagreeable odors. Added to a foot bath, it entirely absorbs all the noxious smell so often arising from the feet in warm weather, and nothing is better for cleansing the hair from dandruffa nd dust. For the headache it is also a desirable stimulant, and frequent inhaling of its pungent odors will often entirely remove a catarrh cold. For cleansing paint it is very useful. Put a tablespoonful of ammonia to a quart of warm soapsuds, dip in a flannel cloth and wipe off the dirt and fiyspecks, grime and smoke, and see for your selves how much labor it will save you. No scrubbing will be needed. It will clean and brighten silver wonderfully; to a pint of hot suds mix a teaspoonful of the spirits, dip in your silver spoons, forks, etc., rub with a brush, and then polish with a chamois skin. For washing mirrors and windows it is also very desirable. Put a few drops of ammonia upon a piece of newspaper, and you will readily take off every spot or finger mark on the glass. It will take out grease spots from any fabric : put on the ammonia nearly clear, lay blotting paper over the place, and press a hot flat-iron on it for a few moments. A few drops in water will clean laces, and whiten them finely; also muslins. For cleaning hair and nail brushes it is equally good. Put a teaspoonfull of ammonia into a pint of warm or cold water, and shake the brushes through the water; when the bristles look white, rinse them in cold water, and put into the sunshine, or in a warm place to dry. The dirtiest brushes will come out from this bath white and clean. There is no better remedy for heartburn and dyspepsia, and the aromatic spirits of ammonia is especially prepared for these troubles. Ten drops of it in a wineglass of water are o'ten a great relief. The spirits of ammonia can be taken in the same way, but it is not nearly so palatable a dose. Farmers and chemists arc well aware of the beneficial effects of ammonia on all kinds of vegetation; and if you desire your roses, geraniums, fuchsias, etc;., to become more flourishing, you can try it upon them, by adding five or six drops of it to every pint of warm water that you give them, but don't repeat the dose oftener than once in every live or six days, lest you stimulate them too highly. Rain water is impregnated with ammonia, and thus it refreshes and vivifies all vegetable life. So be sure and keep a large bottle of it in the house, and have a glass stopper for it, as it is very evanescent, and also injurious to corks, eating them away.' LEMON TREES It is surprising that more persons do not grow these in pots and tubs as room-orna- ments. A comparatively young plant will grow from twenty-five to fifty lemons a year; and usually they are much better than those we buy. We saw a test recently where one was taken from a tree which yielded double the quantity of juice to a first-class storefruit. Apples —The practice of picking the fruit and putting it in heaps for a few days until the skin toughens, before barreling, is a good one. Put the fruit into the barrels with care, shaking it down when half full, and again when full, so that the apples will fit closely when the head is pressed in by means of the barreling press. The opposite head should be marked as the one to be opened. Road-dust —Collect a few barrels of dry earth, road-dust, fine dry dirt in the cornfield or potato patch, or anywhere that is most convenient. This is a handy thing to have in the fall and winter for sprinkling under the roosts and on the floor of the poultry-house It absorbs ammonia, keeps down smells, and keeps things ship-shape. It will pay to attend to this now when it can be so easily done. It costs but little, and is of real advantage. Corn For Seed Corn For Seed.—Use only grains from the middle of the ear, rejecting the butts and tips. Our experience has been that ears from the butts are short and (hick, while those from the tips have fewer rows and thin stalks. The grains from the middle of the ear havelarger germs and more substance to nourish the sprouts.