UNCERTAIN RICHES ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE Only one or two Centuries ago—with the exception of princes in the Orient, and the crowned heads of Europe,—a millionaire was rarely to be found ; and when found, he (for who can find a woman disconnected with a man that possesses her millions, except by dowery ?) was treated with marked respect and reverence, and by some considered almost an object of adoration. Others were filled with hatred, jealousy and envy ; feeling that so i;.uch wealth had never come into the hands of one individual honestly; but bore the insignia of.in- justice, and could only havebeen obtained by oppressiug and grinding the faces of the poor. What a marked change has been gradually wrovght in .society,-especially 'in America—in that time ! Now, it is of common occurrence, as obituary notices show, that individuals accumulate from one to two hundred millions of dollars ! then, at their demise, as die they must, they leave their unjust hoardings of wealth for heirs to wrangle over, and lawyers by prolonged litigation to fatten upon ; and in turn fill their coffers until they also become millionaires. Some persons hold on to those ill gotten riches with a miser's grasp. Oth- ers, through sensuality, and yielding to perverted appetites, squander their wealth and in reality become paupers, and are a burden upon society. Quite recently, we noticed in some public journals, an account of one millionaire, who became a rag-picker, and died in abject poverty. But, supposing they cling to their gold and silver with all the tenacity they are capable of, until summoned by 'the 4 THE MANIFESTO. boatman's call' to cross the river, and away to the land of souls ! Then what? What the sacrifice, and what the reward? Do they then realize that they have trusted in uncertain riches, when in one hour so great possessions have passed from their hands, and vanished like the visions of the night? Does not the honest laborer who industriously toils for his daily sustenance, know more of real happiness than the man who owns many acres of land in gold regions, with a host of serfs to work in those mines, from which, in prospect, he counts upon great gains, that his name may be enrolled with the aristocratic gold worshipers of the nineteenth century? Or those who have already gathered their harvest and enwrapped themselves in scarlet and purple robes that they have formed, and environed themselves about so that they are beyond the reach of common people ? Do not such individuals bury themselves in a tomb as it were ; and fear, lest some unexpected evil might overtake them and suddenly the hour of reckoning be upon them? although the walls of their sepulchre may be built of gold ? Was it not a wise conclusion that one of the ancients came to, when he said: 'Give me neither . iches nor poverty?' No earthly idol can bring peace and rest to the immortal spirit; but happy are they whose trust and confidence are in God, who find Wisdom and get under- standing. 'She is the tree of life to them that 'ay hold upon her. She is of more value than rubies. Her ways are ways of pleasantness.' Those who find Wisdom find the high-way of holiness, the path of peace that 'the vulture's eye hath not se3n, nor the lion's whelp trodden. The unclean cannot pass over it.' Merchant princes, who are the controlling power of the nations of the earth, nor the salaried ministers of the popular Churches of the day. who look to the moneyed aristocracy for support and who arc tongue bound and dare not utter truth's which they underst ml, lest they lose position, know of half the real joy that those feel who find Wisdom's lowly path and walk in it. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.