A VISION I felt an uncommon solemnity in the worship, but had not the least thought of passing into a visionary state. I was soon walking with a company of spirits. We passed on till we reach- ed a body of land that was mostly covered with large trees. A road had already been cut through, and some brethren were still at work felling trees. Meeting with Father Jam es Whittaker, he informed us that the brethren were making preparations to build a house, as a society of believers would be located in that place. I now became anxious to know where I was, but could not determine satisfactorily. We enter a beautiful place and I observe a large cistern of water. The reservoir seemed to be lined with burnished gold. Over this was a circle of light. Upon a platform was a pair of scales, and my guides asked, if I would like to be weighed. 1 said nay—At this moment Father James stepped forward and said, uYou must be weighed. These scales are to determine how much you have gained by your privilege,' 1 feared the test as I knew I should be as a feather when placed by the side of all that had been given to me. 1 stepped upon one of the scales, while in the other was placed all the spiritual treasures that had been given to me and all the counsel and admonitions that I had received from my gospel parents, and from the brethren and sisters. I thought of my sacrifices and my con secrations, and then accepted some presents from the sisters who were with me. It proved just as 1 expected, I was 'found wanting.' The presents which 1 had accepted from the sisters, all vanished at the time when I was weighed, and I was informed that nothing was my own only what had been gained by my personal exertions. The sisters comforted me and said I had not yet left the earth, and would THE MANIFESTO. 15 have time to gain more gospel treasures which would be my own. These are the scales of justice said, Father James, although they appear to you as they do in the natural world. They are shown to you in this form, to meet your understanding. All things in the spirit world will appear the same as these till you meet your last and final change. What does Father mean by the last change ? When you are born of the spirit unto God, and your soul is redeemed from the earth and earthly things, then the treasure of good which you have gained will counter-balance all that you have received from us or from earthly friends. Every soul must pay the debt of gratitude they owe to God, by doing as much good for others as they have received. I thought that when souls left the body, if they had been faithful, they left all natural and earthly things behind them and had no pleasure in anything but that which is spiritual. There is a great difference in souls. All that one has in time more than is really necessary for their present needs, serves to draw them to the earth. Whatever has enlisted their interest in time will enlist their interest here,—they will follow the same occupation, and obtain that which they desire. Is it not right to lay up something against time of need, that we may be able to help others who may be in dis- tress ? Those who keep and improve this prudent spirit will lay up a great treasure in heaven. Such may be weighed and not found wanting. When a soul has traveled out from their loss to God, they will feel that love, that all self-promotion or the indulgence of a selfish nature will be very repellant to them. Their whole interest will be for the honor and glory of God. I have already told you that you must be weighed in the balance of justice, and must be innocent and upright, at peace with all men, having no love but the love of the Holy Spirit. They areno w free from the earth and stand before God and his witnesses as clear as crystal. Tl;e book of their lives is now opened and read to them. Conducted by the angels they enter a pool of clear water, and as they return receive a white robe and a new name, also a crown of stars, a sword, a stafif and a shield. I now observe in the distance a boundless sea which has the appearance of glass. Every soul must cross this sea before they can travel to perfect glory, and yet no one can pass over until they are re- deemed from the lusts of the flesh and of the mind. It is as you observe, a sea of glass and no unclean soul can walk upon it. It is a beautiful place, and here the wicked cease from troubling. Is there any end to the travel of the soul? Nay; they are ever increasing in beauty—which is Love, Wisdom, Light and Truth. They can no more stand still, than can the planets in the heavens. If our gospel parents have traveled so far beyond us, how can they come so often to help us? Our love for our children and our hope for your prosperity and increase in purity of the gospel, leads us to sacrifice our happiness for your good. At times, we send ambassadors in our name, who are inspired with our word and spirit. Souls in the spirit world are equally inspired by powers above them, the same as you are by those next in order before you. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.