Books and Papers THE WEEKLY TRIBUNE remains the Sh ra'ut Favorite of onr Substantial Country Population. It has 1he largest circulation of any Weekly issued from the office of a Daily paper in Xew York, or, so far «s we knpw, in the United States, ft condenses all the news of each week into readable shape. It is Bn arranged that it cin conveniently divided into twosepiiraie papers, of S pages each for reading at the same time by different members of the family. Recognizing Agriculture as the foremost in lerest in the country, it makes its agricultural department a specialty, placing it under the management of an able and experienced editor, with a staff of several assistants, and a large corps oj special contributors. Its agricultural matter is more ample and varied than that of any paper ol like price, devoted solely to farming. Its market reports are full and complete and are the official standard for the Dairyinens' Association. They have long been the recognized authority on cattle, grain and general country produce. There are special departments for the young, and for household interests. The nsw handiwork department, already extremely popular, gives accurate instructions in knitting, crocheting, and kindred subjects; while poetry, fiction and the humor of the day are all abundantly supplied. Thk Weekly Tribune fs, in fact, th? cheapest and bfsl paper in the. country. No other daily office in New York employs so large a corps of talented editors and writers in producingits weekly paper. No office applies its inaome so liberally toward improving the paper and adding to the excellence and variety of its contents. Thh Weekly Tribune now contains something for every one who gathers around [he family fireside, old and young, grave and gay, and of either sex. Every family is the better for having The Tribune in it, and many a successful man traces his ri-e in life to the suggestions and information contained iu its columns. To obtain in book form; what the Weekly Tribune will give you in one year for a dollar (in clubs,) would require the purchase of a library of 50 volumes. Phrenological Journal and Science of Health In the Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for I'ecember will be found a very interesting article on Eastman -Johnson, an Aiiieri- can arti-t; Some very Important Suggestions; Chapter xii of the Soies of Comparative I'hnnoi ogy, fully illustrated, and treating largely of the Mongolian Race; Even the benefits arising from Self Esteem are made 'very good' and enjoyable for the reader; An illustrated article on house hold pests will be studied with interest; while the Training oi children affords many kindly hints to parents and guardians; The illustration of the Rolling Bridge of St. Halo, in France is indeed, novel, and quite suggestive. In the health department will be found articles on the Medical Education of the People. The Influence of Cheerfulness on Health, and a Remarkable Wound of the Brain. In the next department art found the Kitchen leaflets, for the benefit of those who wish to study economy and Health in cooking. Pub. by Fowler &amp; Wells, 753 Broadway,N. Y.,^5 $2,00 per year.