Dear Friend and Brother;—Enclosed please find 60 cts. Will you... Avondale, Chester County Pennsylvania 1882 To the Editor of 'Shaker Manifesto.' Dear Friend and Brother;—Enclosed please find 60 cts. Will you please forward at your earliest convenience as many copies of the April No. as may be convenient, which contains a single poem 'Teach me to trust.' Her Mother and myself wish to take this appropriate opportunity to express our thanks, our gratitude to the Shaker Society generally, and the family of Mount Lebanon in particular, for this most gratifying result of our daughter's mental, and spiritual culture, and for her general moral and industrial training; also her special care-takers, although we have not the pleasure of knowing which of her many kind friends they were, we tender to them our sincere and hearty thanks. To our highly esteemed friend Elder F. Evans we have already expressed our thanks for his great kindness in bringing her across the At- lantic, at her own special desire, (and she was but nine years of age at the time) from our dear old England when he came with our friend Dr. James Peebles also two other friends whom we much regret did not have the wisdom, and therefore not the happiness to join your community and receive the Kingdom of Heaven as a little child. It is now twelve years since all these dear ones landed in this country, since then I have been twice to see our dear child, at her beautiful home at Mount Lebanon, the last time I remained three weeks, and was most kindly entertained, of course on my part I made myself active and useful in the very pleasant outdoor occupations of the garden and the field, and had not other duties prevented for the time, how glad I should have been to have stayed there to help my dear sisters and brothers to prove to the world that nearly all the vice and crime, and consequent misery of society are preventable. I should thus have had the privilege of working in the ranks of those self-sacrificing men and women, the pioneers of human progress of the past and the present, who are persistently and nobly, aye divinely striving to build up the Kingdom of Heaven in this beautiful, this might be happy world. I had several interviews with my daughter at Mount Lebanon, when she assured me that she was very happy, and would not like to leave on any account. Her mother and myself feel thankful to Grod that He in his inscrutable providence guided her -when but a child to such a beautiful and happy home, beautiful and happy in the highest sense, where she has been, and still is surrounded by wise, by righteous conditions, instead of living out her life-time in the present vile and therefore miserable system of society. Yours faithfully, Robt. Stephens