THE MANIFESTO. JANUARY, 1883 THE NEW YEAR! One of the best and happiest of New Years to all! A New Year of prosperity and peace to every body that is interested in doing good. While our minds are so fondly antici- pating the gifts and graces that are in store for us, we h?_ve many kind remembrances of affectionate regard for the past,—the old year which has dealt' so kindly with us. Unnumbered blessings have been granted to us, while the gentle hand of a loving Providence has sustained us through all our cares and burdens'. We have much, very much for which we may well render thanks, and in this renew our zeal and watchfulness as faithful believers in the redeeming work of God. Were we partial to remember those on- ly who have become interested in the publication of ''The Manifesto' we should even in this have a large and honorable body; but we shall set no bounds to the wishing and working for good to come, while all things speak so fully of God's love to man. A happy New Year ! It may be all this and many fold increased to the thousands of earnest workers who are spending their time and money and deepest interest in the welfare of the human famiIt may be a happy New Year through our prayers, for those who have turned from wrong to right, and are learning that righteousness increases with our faithfulness in the duties of this life. It is most fortunate for us as a nation that t'le custom of wishing1 each other a Happy New Year has become so universal. It has in it a potency for good that establishes its own reward; and it is equally fortunate that this vivifying and pleasing cus'om is not? monopolized by any especial class. Tht just and the unjust have equal claims to all the privileges and benefits, as well as to all the ameliorating influences that the kind and benevolent ivish brings to the mind. We have many thanks for all who have shared with us in our simple offerings during the past year, or who have in the least contributed to the prosperity of our little publication, 'The Manifesto.' Allow us, deaifriends, to share a continuance of your love and interest, that we may be able to accomplish more good, by sending into the world a publication which shall be welcomed by those who love the Lord, and that it may be, at^the same time, the herald of good news and glad tidings to all. In England, the Woman's Rights Movement is making pleasant progress... In England, the Woman's Eights Movement is making pleasant progress. The law now secures to her all the property which she possessed when married. She i.s held responsible for debts of her own contracting, and may be sued as a single woman. It is only a few years since, and she could not own even the money which she had earned. Jn our own country the work progresses as fast as could reasonably be expected. There are, seemingly, many large and peculiar barriers in the way ; and these are found in the religious, political and social departments of life. As moderately, however, as it t.vaj move, it will, no doubt, become universal, when mind instead of muscle will be the governing power in all civilized nations. THE MANIFESTO. This is an excellent time to renew our covenantal obligations. AW our promises and pledges that have become a little rusty or moth-eaten need to be. carefully called in question and made stronger and better than ever before. Every one needs the vivifying spirit of the new year, and to us who are so greatly blessed as to name the name of Christ, as a protector and as a Savior, let us in the fullest sense, depart from iniquity. 'Come good angels hover round us, While with grateful hearts we sing, Heavenly blessings which surround us, Praise and bless our glorious king. Here his hand the vine hath planted, Lo, the branches spread and grow; Joys of heaven to us are granted, Here celestial fountains flow.' With such heavenly opportunities we would not wish to be called unprofitable servants nor negligent in oiy duty. It is much better to work faithfully while our day lasts. The harvest is great while the laborers are but few. Jesus said to his disciples even in the infancy of his gospel work and before the seed of divine truth had been sown very largely. 'Lift up your eyes and behold the fields are already white to harvest.'