RULES FOR RIGHT LIVING The following rules are from the writings of Mrs. E. H. Leland, author of several books, and recognized authority upon such topics : 1. Keep the body clean. The countless pores of the skin are so many drain-tiles for the use of the system. If they become clogged and so deadened in their action, we must expect to become the prey of ill-health in some of its countless forms. Let us not be afraid of a wet sponge and five minutes' brisk exercise with a crash towel every night or morning. 2. Devote eight hours out of the twentyfour to sleep. If a mother is robbed of sleep by a wakeful baby, she must take a nap sometime during the day. Even ten minutes of repose strengthens and refreshes, and does good .'like a medicine.' Children | should be allowed to sleep till they awake of their own free will. 3. Never go out to work in early morning in any locality subject to damps, fogs and miasms, with an empty stomach. If there is not time to wait for a cup of coffee, pour two-thirds of a cup of boiling water on two teaspoonfuls of cream, or a beaten egg, season it with salt and pepper, and drink it while hot before going out. This will stimulate and comfort the stomach, and aid the system in resisting a poisonous or debilitating atmosphere. 4. Avoid over-eating. To rise from the table able to eat a little more is a proverbially good rule for every one. There is nothing more idiotic than forcing down a few mouthfuls, because they happen to remain on one's plate after hunger is satisfied, and because they may be 'wasted' if left. It is the most serious waste to overtax the stomach with even half an ounce more than it can take care of. 5. Avoid food and drinks that plainly 'disagree' with the system. Vigorous outdoor workers should beware of heavy indigestible suppers. Suppers should always consist of light, easily digested foods—being, in the country, so soon followed by sleep, and the stomach being as much entitled as the head to profound rest. The moral pluck and firmness to take sucli food and no other for this last meal of the day can be easily acquired, and the reward of such virtue is sound sleep, a clear head, a strong hand, and a capital appetite for breakfast. 6. Never wear at night the under-garments that are worn through the day. 7. Cultivate sunlight .and fresh air. Farmers' wives 'fade' sooner than city women, not alone because they work harder and take no care of themselves, but because they stay so closely in-doors, and have no work or recreation that takes them out into the open sunlight. It is a singular fact that women in the crowded cities generally get more sun- 19 20 THE MANIFESTO. shine and pure air than their hived-iip coun- try sisters. 8. Have something for the mind to feed upon—something to look forward to and live for, besides the daily round of labor or the counting of profit and loss If we have not any talent for writing splendid works on political economy or social science, or the genius for creating a good story or a fine poem, the next best thing—and, in fact, almost as good a thing—is to possess an appreciation of these things ! So have good books and good newspapers, and read them—if only in snatches—and talk about them at dinner time or by the evening fire. Cultivate choice flowers and fruits, and help some poor neighbor to seeds and cuttings ; or take an interest in bees, or fine poultry, or trout culture. And study always farm and household science, and take advantage of the new and helpful things that are every little while corning to light. 9. Live in Peace ! Fretting, worrying, fault-finding, borrowing trouble, giving away to temper, and holding long, bitter grudges— all these things affect the liver, poison the blood, enlarge the spleen,, carve ugly lines *&gt;n the face, and shorten life ! Try to be half as wise as that little creature, the bee, who takes all the honey she can find, and leaves the poisons to themselves.