TRUE HAPPINESS. No. 2 HERVEY L. EADS We must put on the 'whole armor of God,'* and follow Christ iu the regeneration. 'If thou will he perfect, go sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven ; and come and take up the cross and follow me.'Mark, x : 21. But some com- plain of the tempter : 'Watch and pray, lest ye enter into temptation.' The vigilance which savers from the tempter for one hour will save for two, and the vigilance that saved for two hours will save for a week, and that which saved for a week, if continued, will save throughout life. But of him thatyieldeth, it is written. 'He goeth straightway as an ox goeth to the slaughter, or a? a fool to the correction of the stocks, till a dart strike through his liver ; as a bird hasteneth to the suave and knoweth not it is for his life. Hearken unto me now,' therefore. 0 ye children, and attend to the word^ of my mouth : Her house is the way to hell, going down to the chambers of death.' Prov. vii: 22, 23, 27. But let no man say another tempts him, for the motor is within; the tempter is there, and the power of resistance is there. 'Let no man say, when he is tempted, I am tempted of God. But every man is tempted when he is drawn away of his own lust and enticed (not the lust ot somebody else, but his own.) Then when lusthath conceived, it 'bringeth forth sin, and sin, when it is finished, bringeth forth death.' James, i : 13. This is the consequence. Now, then, the life of Jesus Christ—¦ what was it? A life of self-denial or of 2 THE MANIFESTO. indulgence? Was Hiolife a worldly life or something else? Let me ask you, who profess to be Christians, was the Christ life a higher life than any of you now live, or was it lower? Or was it the same? One thing is very certain—His life, which lie commends us to copy, was either a higher life than yours, or it was lower, or it was the same. Can any one lay his hand upon his heart and say his life was the same .as that of the professing world? If not, all are bound to acknowledge that His is the higher life, which we are bound to copy, or not call ourselves Christians. When Christ came, he found the natural order in as much perfection, the marriage relation as sacred and as much respected as it is to-day, and all the old heaven system, with its pillars and eorHer-stones as erect and perfect as now. Did He come to make no change? Was He satisfied with the old? or did He set about the creation of new heavens and earth? If so, how comes it that His professed followers are satisfied with, and to be in, the old heavens, or the lower floor, and this in a very dilapidated condition? How is this? Did He only cutTie to get up the most fallacious story, and then say to the world: 'Only believe this story, and you can remain in the old heavens, and live the life of generation, copying the old life of Adam and Eve, and I will receive you, and you shall be my children?' How is this? Does this appear rea- sonable ? Let us not be longer deceived, 'for God is not mocked. Whatsoever a man soweth that shall he also reap. If we sow to the flesh, we shall of the flesh reap corruption ; but if we sow to tl:;&gt;. spirit, we shall of the spirit reap life everlasting.' Gal. vi: 8. Whatdoauy suppose is meant by 'sowing to the flesh?' 'Let us have clear ideas, and understand each other. What did old Adam do ? Did he sow to the flesh or sow to the spirit? Whatsoever is born of the flesh is flesh, and whatsoever is born of the spirit is spirit.' You will doubtless acknowledge that Adam, Noah, and the Patriarchs, and all the pillars of the old heaven sowed to the flesh, and so they all did till the coming of the 'Son of man,' and so do the professors of to-day, they all go on sowing to the flesh, and the promise of God is sure to them, and that is, 'they shall reap corruption.' What difference do any surfpose God will make between a professed minister of the gospel and his slave, when both of them are sowing to the flesh? Will lie give corruption to the slave and life everlasting to the minister? By no means. God is just, and no' respecter of persons ; and where the works and motives are the same, the reward rest assured, will be the same. Again, how cruelly mistaken, and what an egregious blunder the Son of God made, if He came to 'create new heavens and earth wherein righteousness should dwell,' if the old would still answer the purpose oi salvation, wherein all manner of unrighteousness, and hardly anything else, exists ! Christ was not the supreme, but the Son of God—a godly man, who was 'tempted in all points (not some points) as we are.' But what did He do? Why he denied himself of all ungodliness, and every worldly lust, even in its most refined and modified forms, and required the same of all His followers. Then I put to all, the pertinent ques- THE MANIFESTO. tion : Is not the man, who, for purity's sake, likewise denies himself as did Jesus, nearer like the pattern than anyone who does not J;hus ^leny^himself, ? The honest answer must be that he is. Hence, after denying himself, Christ says : 'If any man (black, white, bond or free.) will come after me, let him deny himself (not gratify himself,) and take up the cross and follow me ;' not follow somebody else, neither John the Baptist, Moses, nor some of the patriarchs, but, follow me. But how do the people act? They act as if Christ had said : 'If any man will come after me, let him gratify himself.' People by their actions imply all this and more. But the apostle says : ''They that are Christ's have crucified the flesh, with its affections and lusts.' 'And if we live in the spirit, let us walk in the spirit.' Gal. v : 24. If Paul had only said: 'They that are Cirist's have gratified the flesh with its affections and lusts,' I would at once bow to the professors of Christianity, black and white, ''blue spirits and grey ;' for nothing more true could be said of them. But it so happens that (he terms crucified and gratified are not synonyms. And I would ask where is the professor of Christianity among all the worldly sects—I mean outside of this fold— who can, with this single test of Paul's before him, stand up, with his hand on his heart, and his eyes turned toward heaven, and say : 'Iain a Christian.' I venture the assertion that not one can be found. And why? Because they all go on gratifying the flesh instead of crucifyi ::g it. They also live in the flesh and walk in the flesh ; all in direct opposition to the test here given by Paul. This is a sweeping charge, and oh ! that it were only false ! In heaven's name of Christianity, I fervently wish ir were. There is but one right way, and I cannot say any are right when the good fruits are not manifest. I have endeavored to convince all that by coming into the ''new world'—by taking up the cross and leading the Christian life of self-denial, all would thereby be rendered more happy here a d hereafter, than by remaining in the 'old heavens' and continuing in the worldly life. If this is not true, the Son of God failed in His mission, and came into the world in vain. Ail will admit however, that moments of pleasure attend you : 'There is, I grant, a triumph of the pulse, A (lance of spirits. ;i mere troth of joy, That numtles high, that sparkles and expires, Leaving the soul more vapid than before.'' But if there are still those who contend that true and perfect happiness is to be found' in the outer world, let them produce their evidence. Statistics have shown that in at least one locality, out of about one hundred thousand families, only tjiirteen were considered perfectly happy ! But the condition of even the best of these, the confessional might disclose the part of Pope's Placebo and Justin: 'In spite of all his praises must declare, Ail he can find is bondage, cost and care; Heaven knows. I shed full many a private tear, And sigh in silence, lest the world might hear !', If this, then, is the case with those considered most happy, what must be that of the most miserable? And what the condition of the libertine, whose sole enjoyment is— '------------------A transient gust. Spent in a sudden storm of lust— A vapor fed from wild desire— A wandering self-consuming fire?''