MARY WHITCHER BY HENRY C BLINN As we take pleasure in making reference to the worthy pioneers of our gospel work who have borne a burden in the establishing of a home and in the laying of a foundation for our spiritual protection, we cannot allow the subject of our sketch to pass without an affectionate notice of appreciation. When we turn to the records of the family for information, we very soon find that we are held within limits far too narrow for our satisfaction. We learn that neither the brethren nor sis-. tcrs of that day left any very extended notice of their own lives, and it was not the custom for the historian of the church to dwell at mu-Yh length on mere personalities. On this account we are deprived of much that would be of deep interest to the general reader, and of much that might render efficient aid to those who have set out for the Kingdom of God. Their lives were like well filled pages, full of good gifts. Coming out, as they did, from the world, forsaking its relations of kindreds, of property, of social standing, as well as all worldly allure- ments, they gave all they possessed, even to the consecration of their souls and bodies, to a cause, which to them, was from God. Marv Whitcher was the daughter of 8 THE MANIFESTO. John Shepard, and was born in the town of Epping, N. H., Dec. 13, 1/52 She remained in her father's family dor ing her childhood and youth, and is ac credited with being a worthy and affectionate daughter. She joined her husband, Benjamin Whitcher, in the wilderness, so soon as he had cleared sufficient land and builded a suitable residence for the maintenance and protection of the family. Her brother John Shepard, who settled in Gilmanton, and became a zealous preacher in the Eree Church, accompanied her on the journey to her new home. At this time the section now known as Canterbury was included in Rockingham County. It was several years before they had any neighbors nearer than two or three miL-s. A 'meeting house' was finally built and only two miles distant, but the doctrine was of the Calvinistic order, as no other was permitted. This church creed was carefully guarded by the law of the state, and every family was taxed for its support, whether they believed in the doctrine that was preached or not. If any refused to pay, the officers would seize an amount of property, sufficient to cancel the debt. Many an honest but poor dissenter of that day, lost his pig, for the gospel's sake, or rather for the minister's sake. But those old and cruel ways were destined to pass away, and a class of men and women arose who dared to think for themselves on the subject of religion, and to have an untrammeled free will in regard to what they should accept for a religious belief. That remarkable revival of religion of 1776 which parsed like a tidal wave over the New England States, enlisted the interest of Mary Whitcher and her 9 family and paved the way for their acceptance of the testimony of Mother Ann Lee. This was in 1782, as set forth by those able teachers and preachers, Israel Chauncy and Ebenezer Cooley, who came from the Society of New Lebanon, N. Y. As a companion of Benjamin Whitcher, Mary stood in every respect his equal. An economist in the things of this life, a guide to the family, n protector among those who sought the hospitality of their home, and as a conscien- tious, devoted and Christian parent. The best witness of the goodness of her heart and of her motherly affection is, that her three sons, Joseph, Benjamin and John, and her daughter Zilpha, should have, through a long life, always spoken of her as a kind and affectionate guardian. Knowing as we do the many remarks that have been made by those not friendly to the harvest work as taught by our Savior, Jesus Christ, of the merciless havoc that was made by the Shakers in the separation of families, and of the especial care that was taken, that no two persons from this one group should remain in the same family of Shakers ; we here find a case that dates from the time when the society vas formed in this State, where the father and mother and children have dwelt peacefully in their own home. Through a religious conviction of duy to God, they changed the order of heir relation from that of the narrow md selfish interest of husband and wife, o the more universal and Christ-like order of brother and sister ; and from this date watched over their children as parents in the Lord. An incident is related of the mother, hat occurred previous to her acceptance of the faith. Having been from home vith the children, they all returned at evening and passed to an upper room of 10 THE MANIFESTO. the dwelling. The Believers were engaged in their religious service, in another part of the house. Suddenly the noise of singing and dancing was heard, which at first started the children and one of them asked, What is that noise ? Mary's answer was as significant as it was brief,—'Dancing, I suppose.' She followed carefully in the rear of her husband in the acceptance of a testimony which was to take from her those earthly relations which were considered so honorable before the world. Step by step she passed slowly along till she was able to receive a baptism of the spirit of ' Christ's work, when she became an able and zealous advocate for the truth and really a mother in Israel. At the time of the formation of the Society in 1792, Mary Whitcher was appointed as one of the directors of the temporal interests. In this calling she won the respect and confidence of al[ her friends, and was retained in the office for some years. In the manifestation of a prudent spirit, and in her faithfulness to every duty assigned to her charge, she made an indelible im- pression upon society which still lives in the loveliness of her memory. We learn from the records that she made a visit to the society at Enfield, N. H. on the 19th. of January, 1797, in company with Joanna Fletcher, Zadock Wright and Francis Winkley. It must have been a long and wearisome sleigh ride, as the Believers at that early date, traveled through Boscawen, Salisbury, Andover, Springfield and on to Enfield. Her health at this time was also quite impaired, as she had for some months been sadly afflicted with a dropsical af- fection. She endured her sufferings with a remarkable patience and quietly departed this life for a renewed order in the world to come. Her death occurred on the 22nd. of March, 1797 at half past two, P. M. in the 45th., year of her age. Canterbury, N. H.